################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - An Overcoming Life - Bro. Matt McClard on May 24th, 2025 - Matt McClard.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-25
Title:   "An Overcoming Life" - Bro. Matt McClard on May 24th, 2025
Speaker: Matt McClard
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VH488BKDSNc
========================================

[Music] Here I [Music] am. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] These are the days of Elijah [Music] the Lord. And these are the days of your servant Moses righteousness being restored. And though these are days of great trio of famine and darkness and soul still we are the voice in the desert crying prepare the way of the Lord. Behold he comes riding on a cloud or shining like sun. Oh, at the trumpet call, lift your voice. The year of Jubilee, and at Zion's hill salvation come. These are the days of Ezekiel, the dry bones becoming as clay. And these are the days of your servant David rebuilding the temple of praise. And these are the days of the harvest. The fields are as white in your world. And we are the laborers in your vineyard. Declare the word of the Lord. Behold, he comes riding on a cloud for shining like sun at the trumpets calling your voice. The year of jubilee and at Zion. Oh, let's sing it again. Behold, he comes. Behold, he comes. Riding on a cloud will shining like sun. Oh, at the trumpet call. Lift your voice. The year of Jubilee and out of Zion's here. Oh, there's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold he come riding on fire. Oh, shiny like sun at the trumpet call. Lift, oh Lord, the year of Jubilee. And out of all, behold, he comes. Behold, he comes riding on a flower or shining like sun. At the trumpets call, lift your Lord. The year of jubilee and out of Zion will patient come. Amen. Give the Lord play praise this evening. Oh, there's no God like our Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Amen. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. Amen. Well, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk that pilgrim way for the hand of God in all my life I see. Oh, and the reason of my bliss. Yes, the secret all is this that the comforter abides with me. Well, he abide. He abide. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk that narrow way. For the comfort abides with me. Oh, once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within, till I heard how Jesus died upon the tree. Oh, then I fell down at his feet and there came a peace so sweet. Well, now the come of. Aren't you glad about this evening? Oh he abide. Oh he abide. Oh hallelujah. He abide with me. Oh I rejoice night and day as I walk that narrow way for the comforter abide with me. Oh, he is with me everywhere and he knows my every day. Well, I'm as happy as ever and just as free. Oh, for the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul since the comfort abides with me. Oh, he abides. He abides. Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. Oh, I rejoice night and day as I walk that narrow way for the comfort abide with me. Oh, there's no thirsting for the things of the world. They've taken wings. Long ago I gave them up and it's still all my night was turned to day. All my burdens rolled away. Now the comforter. Oh, just sing it. He abides this evening. Oh, he [Applause] abides. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. He abides with me. Will I rejoiceing night and day as I walk that narrow way before the comforter abound? Oh, let's sing that one more time. Oh, he abides. He abides. Oh, hallelu. He abides with me. Oh, love rejoicing night and day as I walk that narrow way. Oh, the comforter abide with [Music] me. Amen. Aren't you glad he abides with you this evening? Let's sing that song. God's power is alive. People say that our God's dear has no power might not that he's living. Think this faith is alive. We can help that they say this for they do not understand. Many wonder and reason. Say he was just a man. What about the truth? What about the light? What about the messy? Is it still life? Oh, just think upon his goodness that he's done in your life. Oh, it's not just some story. Oh, God's power is [Music] alive. There's no purpose in leaving. [Applause] Oh, God's voice in this day. Hold on to [Music] reason and the world's filthy way. See, no, we have a vision. No power can hold us back. Just stay faithful with Jesus and he'll keep you on track. Oh, what about the truth? What about the lie? What about the mystery? Is it still [Music] alive? For just think upon his goodness that he's done in your life. Oh, it's not just some story. Oh, God's powering. Oh, this is still the truth. This still the truth. Oh, and this still the lie. Oh, this still the message. Oh, can you say it is? Yes, it is alive. [Music] Oh, just think of all the [Music] goodness that he's done in your life. Oh, it's not just story. God's power is alive. Amen. We believe that this evening, God's power is still living in this last day for each and every one of us. As we go to the prayer requests this evening, want to continue to remember our elderly ones that can't be with us, but tune in by the way streaming. So, just be praying for them. Want to remember brother Clarence, Sister Betty. God will continue to touch their bodies. Brother Roger, Sister Anne Sailor, Sister Sarah Gooden. I want to continue to lift up our sister Deborah Watson. She had that medical procedure this week. There was no blockages, but she will have to go back. So, continue to pray for sister Deborah there. We continue to remember our pastor that God would touch him, strengthen him and his body. Amen. Also, as well as sister Donna Ber, that is brother Tom Ber's wife there in Kentucky. They had wonderful services there last weekend with brother Andrew, brother Timothy Puit. So, we want to remember uh they was able to uh let us know that she's doing quite well with everything there. So, we want to continue to pray for her. God will touch her. Also, sister Teresa Delaney, want to be remembering her. She will have surgery on June the 9th at UVA. So, pray for her as well as our brother Bill Delaney. I want to remember brother Marcus Turner's grandson, 2-year-old grandson. He has an enlarged lymph node in his stomach and possibly a second one. They believe it is benign, but he is scheduled to see the pediatric surgeon on June the 18th to have that removed. So, want to be praying for that little 2-year-old grandson there, brother Marcus Turner's. Amen. How many would have an unspoken request? Say, Lord, just pass by my way. Amen. I want to pray for brother Matt Mccclard as he will speak for us this this evening. Brother Andrew Spencer is going to be speaking to brother Tim Puitz there in Louisiana this weekend. So want to remember him and the family. They had safe travels, but we want to pray for the meeting there. Amen. How many come to have church this evening? Amen. We know our God can just move on all these needs that we've lifted up this evening and just pass by your way. Amen. I'm going ask brother William just come pray over these needs for us. Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? Let's bow our heads in our hearts. Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, how grateful and thankful we are to you, Lord, that you've once again brought us into your presence. And Lord, when we come into your presence, Lord, all things are possible, Father. Lord, the world just seems to fade away, Lord. We begin to think on you and lift up your name and praise and worship. And we recognize, oh God, and we begin, as it were, to feel the brush of angel wings all about us, Lord, as they've come to watch the elect worship you, Lord, what an honor and a privilege, oh God, it is to worship you and to sing you praises and to just to express our love to you, Lord. As we've come gathered together, Lord, this evening and under the authority of this word and under the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ, we ask that you forgive us of our sins. Every negative word that we've spoken, Lord, or every negative thought or anything, Lord, that displeas you in the slightest way. We humble ourselves before you, Lord, and ask that you forgive us. Help us, Lord, to get up one more time, Lord, as a true soldier of the cross. take the sword of the Lord and the shield of faith and to march on. We love you, Lord, and we just ask your blessings over this service. We, Lord, lift up every request, Lord, that was read tonight over this pullpit, Lord. We're such a needy people, but Father, life makes us needy, Lord, and we're just always in need of you, Lord. But that's kind of what that's what you want because you're a father and we your and we're your children. And we just bring our requests, Lord, to you. And many times their doctors do what they can do, Lord. and man trying do does what they can. But Lord, even in every situation, Lord, that we face, we just lay it at your feet. Lord, your prophet would come around and say, "There's nothing as powerful as a committ." And we take all of these requests and we just commit them to you. Many things we don't understand, many disappointments of life, but Lord, regardless of our disappointments, regardless of our misunderstandings or not understanding, we're just going to lay them at your feet. We're going to commit them to you and we're going to trust you, Father. Lord, and we know that it'll all work out. We thank you, Father, for your blessings, Lord. Now, we ask that you bless every aspect of the service. We pray for Brother Matthew Mccclure tonight. Take him, Father. Lord, give him such an uncction of the Holy Ghost, Lord, as he speaks the word. May the kingdom of Satan be driven back. May the May the kingdom of Satan be defeated by the preaching of the word. Open up our hearts, Lord. Help us to pull on the gift and the word that you've given our brother. Lord, may we just take it. May we put it into action to bring you glory and honor. We love you now. We commit the service into your hands and thank you for this message. Thank you for the life of Jesus Christ that you would come and you would love us so much that you leave all of glory to come and partake of the humiliation of flesh and you'd make a beautiful statement that where I am there you may be also. Thank you Lord and we love you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. At this time we'll receive the seed and offering you give as God's blessed you. You sing that song my theophony. I hear it calling me my I don't know what one day I'm going to take step towards my the one day I'm going to take another step into my the one day I know that final st it's going to set me free. My theophony, oh, I hear it call in me. And it's a calling. Come up a little higher into the perfect world. Oh, come up a little higher into the agenda. Come up a little higher soaring through the heavenly my theopy. Oh, I hear recall in me. Don't you worry, little children. Should death knock on your door. Don't you know that day is a glory and it leads to that heavenly [Music] sure is no heartache or no sorrow grief no pain just perfect love peace and joy beyond And one day I'm going to take another step towards my the one day I'm going to take another step into my the one day I know that I'll [Music] Who needs calling to set me free? My theopy. Oh, I hear recall in me. over the next year and over the next year. Oh, I look Oh, I see victory around the next turn in the road. That old Jeho, he's got to flee cuz God's army is marching. She's marching onward to slay that old me around the next turn. I seeking Jesus coming for me. And one day I'm going to taste towards my theop. One day I'm going to take another state into my theop. One day I know that final state. Well, it's going to set me free. My theopy. Oh, I hear him calling [Music] me. Amen. You can be seated this evening. Have sister April come sing for us if she would. Then Sister Anna Thomas after her this evening. [Music] I'm living proof of what the mercy of God can do. If you knew me then, you believe me now. Turned my world upside down. Took the old and made it new. That's just what the mercy of God can do. Now I'm alive to tell the story. How I've overcome his goodness and mercy and the power of the blood. I'm so glad that my freedom wasn't based on what I've done. his goodness and mercy in the power of the blood. I thought I deserve to be six feet beneath the earth. For all the things I've done, the things I've said, the choices made that I regret. Oh, I would still be lost. [Music] but for the mercy of [Music] God. Now I'm alive to tell the story. How I've [Music] overcome his goodness and mercy and the power of the blood. I'm so glad that my freom wasn't based on what I've done, but his goodness and mercy and the power of the blood. Was the cross meant for me that my savior carried. Now I've been made free by the mercy of God. Was the grave meant for me? Where my sin lay buried? Now I stand redeemed by the mercy of God. It was the cross meant for me that my Savior carried now I've been made free by the mercy of God. Was the grave meant for me? Where my sin lay buried. Now I stand redeemed by the mercy of God. Now I'm alive to tell the story how I've overcome but his goodness and mercy and the power of the blood. I'm so glad that my freedom wasn't based on what I've done, but his goodness and mercy and the power of the blood. Blood is goodness and mercy and the power of the blood. [Applause] [Music] I'm caught up in your presence. I just want to sit here at your feet. I'm caught up in this holy moment. I never want to leave. Oh, I'm not here for blessing. [Music] Jesus, you don't hold me any more than anything that you can do. I just want you. I'm sorry when I've just gone through the motions. I'm sorry when I just sing another song. Take me back to where we started. I open up my heart to you. I'm sorry when I've come with my agenda. I'm sorry when I forgot that you're enough. Take me back to where we started. I open up my heart to you. I'm caught up in your presence. [Music] I just want to sit here at your feet. I'm caught up in this holy moment. I never want to leave. Oh, I'm not here for [Music] blessings. Jesus, you don't owe me anything. And more than anything that you can do, I just want you. I just want you. Nothing else. Oh, nothing else. Nothing else will do. I just want you. Oh, nothing [Music] else. Oh, nothing else. Nothing else will do. I'm coming back to where we started when I first felt your love. I'm caught up in your presence. I just want to sit here at your feet. I'm caught up in this holy moment. I never want to leave. Oh, I'm not here for blessings. Jesus, you don't owe me anything more than anything that you can do. I just want [Music] [Applause] you. Amen. Let's stand. We just want him this evening to pass by our way, don't we? Let's sing a song. Our God is tremendous. Try to see baby. When I'm in need, I call on the Lord and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. He won't forget his own. My companion or my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater or wonderful savior. Oh Jesus like Judah. Oh our God is tremendous. His strength never fail. He'll go through the fire just to save the sinner. Yes, he's almighty. He sends angels to guide me tomorrow. Our God came from heaven. God of bliss. He reveals in you and me in glorious glory. Gave us a victory. The greatest love story. Oh, when you're in trouble, trouble, for the great forcer, God Almighty will fight your battle. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Oh, your victory will come. Not the way that you think it should, but my great Jehovah just loves a paradox. Stay in your position. Watch the miraculous come into action. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He'll go through the fire just to save. Yes, he's almighty. He sends his angel to guide me. Come on now. Oh, there's no stone to power. I got you. Our God is a bliss. He reveals in you and me. Came down from his glory. Gave us a victory. Oh, our God is tremendous. Sing it with me. Our God is tremendous. Help me out this evening. Oh yeah. To guide me. There's no storm. There's no storm to tackle. Our God can handle. Our God is so bliss. He feels in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love. Oh, when you're in need. Now, when you're in need, just call on the Lord and he hears you and he helps you. He is faithful and true. He won't forget his own. Oh my, my companion. Oh my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater. Oh, wonderful savior. Oh Jesus, the lion of Judah. Our God is tremendous. His strip never failing. He'll go through the fire just to save the s. Yes, he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God is so bliss. He will build in you and me. Can't count on his glory. Give us the victory. The greatest. Oh, let's sing it one more time. Oh, our God is tremendous playing for the man. This is his angel to guide me. There's no something too powerful our God cannot handle. have never missed glory and gave us the victory. [Music] Let's sing. He's in the house. I believe he's here tonight. I believe all things are possible. He's in the house. Little girl, little girl was lying there. Help me where you want me. One of those keys was lying there. People [Music] always they just laughed at Jesus. He said she's only sleeping. As he took her by the hand, she began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord. Some began to [Music] [Applause] say, "He's in the house." The death has to think about it now. Now there is light where darkness used to be. And now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Oh, praise his name. He's in the house. He's in the house. or he's in the house where death has to flee. Now there is light where darkness you now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Oh, praise his [Music] name. Praise his name. Oh, praise his name. For he's in the house. How many believes that tonight? How many believe he's here? How many has a need? I believe he can meet your need. It's not just a hope as you're lifted up. Why don't you believe all things are possible tonight? I don't care if you've dealt with that thing for 25 years. Why don't you believe over top of 25 years? That's what Abraham did. What do you walk around with? His promise. You can walk out of here with your promise tonight. Amen. Amen. Let's bow our hearts to him. Father, we love you. Thank you for the atmosphere that's here in the building, Lord. God, I just ask you to just take this service, God. Lord, this gift you placed in my life, Lord, I just commit it to you right now once again, Father. God, may you come, Lord. I've studied, Lord. I've labored. I've looked, Father. And God, I just know you're going to put it together, Lord. And that's what I'm depending upon tonight, God. God, I pray, Lord, that you just move in a mighty way tonight, Father. God, may you meet the needs of the people, Lord. You saw their hand raised, Father. God, you don't know. I don't know what it is, but you know, Father. And God, I ask that you go to each need, Lord. And may you speak faith to them, Lord. That they would believe tonight, Lord. There's a revelation that's happening upon their midst, Father. That they'll leave different than what they came, God, that all things are possible tonight, Father. God, we just ask you to move in a mighty way. Take these lips of clay, Lord God, and may you minister your word. Speak direct, Lord God, that they may know it's you, Lord, in this dark hour. We love you, Lord. We pray for Brother Andrew, Father. God, that you bless him in the morning. Pour out your spirit. May it be a mighty outpouring of the Holy Ghost, God. Bless our friends down there in Louisiana, God. Part of the body, Lord, part of the family, Lord. And may you just be with us tonight, God. And we'll be careful to give you all praise and all glory. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. And if you have your Bibles, I've got to extend a a special birthday. My uh my little Ella is 8 years old today. So, she met me laying in bed. I was in bed and she's right here. Dad, today's my birthday. Yes, honey. It is. Amen. So thankful for our little ones and we certainly love them. And you know, uh last time I was here, I my son wasn't married, but now he is. It goes fast. My goodness, I've heard that my whole life, but my goodness, it goes fast. Hold them tight. Amen. Amen. If you have your Bibles, it's good with you tonight. You just you just pull and you know, we've uh we've studied and there's times you come up here and you're like, "Lord, I know where we're going." And there's times you come up there and say, "Lord, I'm trusting you." Amen. Every time you're trusting, but man, when you're really trusting, but that's the good times because then you know it ain't you one bit. It's him. It's him. If you turn your Bibles, Revelation chapter 3, verse 21, 3 and verse 21. To him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne. Even as I also overcame, and have sat down with my father in his throne. He that had an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. You have your seats tonight. I get rid of this thing. I want to take a thought if I might by the help of the Lord of an overcoming life. Self tricks and mind battles. Self tricks and mind battles. The word overcomer here just to kind of set a little foundation. Overcomer means to subdue, conquer, overcome, prevail to get the victory. I don't know about you, but I'm all about getting victories. Amen. When I come to church, I want to see victories. I don't want to come to church and just have Come on, somebody. We should live in revival. Brother Brandon would preach this and how can I overcome? He would set the set the pre the the reason he preached this message. Let me let me tell you this. He says he says and I want to take my subject this morning of how can I overcome? Now, I chose this because I think it's time that we should never let the spirit of revival die. I don't know about you, he's coming for a bride that's on fire. Amen. That means every time we come to church on Monday, you should get up and be on fire for God. Amen. On Tuesday, you should get up and be on fire for God. We should live in the presence of God Almighty. Say, "Brother Matt, that's unreasonable." No, it's not unreasonable. That is a thought straight from the pits of hell that yes, you go through down times and up times, but let me tell you, are you weak sometimes? But let the weak say, I am strong. So even in your weakest hour, the word tells you, you're still strong. You're still an overcomer. You're still got the victory. Saints of God, I don't care where you at. You are going in a rapture. Why would we not be victorious every day? You say, "Brother Matt, I go through battles and I lose battles." Yeah, that's right. But do you get up? Do you get up? Do you get up? I say, "Get up tonight. It's time for us to win every battle." Matt, that's unreasonable. No, he called you to win. He won. He showed us the way. And that same spirit lives inside of you. And that same spirit overcome when he walked the face of the earth. What spirit do you have inside of you? It's the Holy Ghost. And the Holy Ghost is an overcomer. The Holy Ghost is a winner. The Holy Ghost wins the battle. Listen, brother tell us in the church a book, the bride when she recognizes, let me read it to you. Just setting a little foundation to you. Come on. I'm looking for an invincible army. I don't know about you. I'm not looking for an army this week. Come on, saints of God. We've gone too far down the road. It exposes Satan, revealing his works, attempting destruction of God's people, and discrediting of God's word. He hates the book of Revelation, but we love the book of Revelation. Why? Because it tells us where we came from, and it tells us where we're going. Right down to the time is cast down to the lake fire. He fights that. He cannot stand it. He knows that the people get the true revelation of the true church and what she is and what she stands for. She can do the greater work. She will be an invincible army. Let me read you the definition of invincible. Incapable of being defeated. But the man I don't feel like that person. Well, I'm glad it's not based on your feelings. What was it brother Matt Walkin says? Feelings are overrated. But the word of God is true every day, every hour, every minute, every second. And if the word of God, the prophet of this hour said we'd be an invincible army, then I believe he saw off in a distance a bride in step saying onward Christian soldiers, saints of God. This is that time. This is that time for the bride to rise up and show who she is. Not that she's anything, but he is everything. Incapable of being defeated. Overcome or subdued. One more quote and then we'll start preaching. Yeah. You know you pull, we preach. Let's have church. I'm glad that a man can live so close to God till the devil don't know what to do with him. How many's testimonies right there? Go ahead, raise your hand. Raise your hand in faith. You may not feel like it. That's all right. You raise your hand in faith and say, "You know what? I got a place in that invincible army. I may just be a private, but I tell you what, a private in the army of God can do all kinds of things. A private in the army of God has the same sword. A private in the army of God can pray and move mountains. Go ahead, raise your hand. That's who I am. Let the devil know whose side you're on. I'm on the winning side. By the way, you lost at Calvary and you're still losing today. I'm just here to prove to you you're going to lose again. Brother man says this is we find here that God always has overcomers. Aren't you glad he didn't say overcomer? He said overcomers. How many overcomers got in the building? That's right. And they overcame him by the word of their testimony and the blood of the lamb. And by the raising of your hands, you defy gravity and say, "Lord, I'm one of them." him. Hey, may maybe this week you didn't feel like it. Maybe this week you didn't feel like you were winning battles. But I'm here to tell you, let me speak to your faith. God sees more in you than you see in you. He knows who you are. He saw you before the foundation of the world. He saw that predestinated seed come to life and he saw it come to full maturity. That he would say, "Here's my invincible army. They may not look like much to you, but let me tell you, when you push at them, they're coming back at you. You know, this is where you push back at the devil. Let your amen go. He's trying to keep your amen. He's trying to keep you from entering in service. He's trying to keep you back from having a good time in the house of God. He's trying to keep you back. He's scared that you'll realize who you are. Cuz once you recognize, then let me tell you, there's nothing he can do to you. Could you imagine the devil's coming back, man? I've been at brother Doug on Monday. He had a headache. But you know what? He was singing grace, grace by noon. And on Tuesday, I caused all kinds of problems at work. I'm telling you what, I thought I had him so frustrated. But you know what? He bowed his head and prayed over his food. I tried to get him to lose his faith. I tried to tell him his kids weren't going to make it. I'm going to use you, Brother Doug. You're my buddy. I've tried to tell him all week long. How many's ever felt the effects of that? It's not fun, is it? It seems so real, but if you were recognized, it's nothing but a lying devil behind it. Then why don't you look him square in the face on this service and say, "Hallelujah. I love the Lord anyway. It doesn't matter what you do to me. You're not going to stop me. I'm going forward in Jesus Christ. And tonight, I claim victory." I'm getting ahead of myself, but it's good anyway. He says he's always had overcomers. He had overcomers in every wage. There's always every time in every age there's been on earth, God has always had somebody he can put his hands on. Oh, hallelujah. How many like have's already got the hands of God already been all over your life? Hallelujah. How many seen demons cast out of their life? Come on, somebody. How many How many seen walls come down? Well, you never thought walls would ever come down. Listen, he didn't start that work, not to finish it. But he's looking for an invincible army. He's looking for a bride of Jesus Christ to come in step with the message of the hour. I'm not saying know the message of our you can know all about it. You can quote it from tip to stern. Amen. You can quote it from front to back. But can you walk in it? That's the overcoming. Because the overcoming goes right against self-will. Overcome, brother Ram. These are quotes right here. Overcome me. You want the definition of things? I believe the prophet gives a good definition because he's seeing into another realm to let you know where he's coming from. Overcome means to stand the test. How many likes test? Rebecca, you like test? No. This is finals time, right? How many like their finals? Man, I'm glad I didn't have to do any of those, brother. I hated those things. I forgot more than I learned or never learn what I forgot. I don't know. One of the two. Brother Brandon would say, he says, "That's the greatest thing that God could put on you. It's the greatest thing because God knows you can pass that test. God knows before you know a lot of times all the time. God knows you can pass that test. I'm speaking to your faith tonight. I'm really getting down. Come on now. I'm speaking to your faith. I know some of you are going through tests and trials right now and it feels like your face is low as as low as this that and the other. But listen, talk to your faith and say, "Faith, God said I was an overcomer. God said he wouldn't put more on me than I can handle. God said I God said God said God said you take your faith and begin to speak words of life to it." Give me a minute. That's good. Pick me up, too. Speak to your faith. Sometimes you don't feel like it. Sometimes you don't feel like walking out that door and coming right here. Sometimes you don't feel like walking through there. But let me ask you, are you here? So, somebody did some overcoming tonight. They didn't feel like it, but they're here anyway. and why they're here. They don't realize it, but God is moving in a supernatural way by the word of God. And their faces begin to change. And demons begin to get exposed for who they are. And they recognize that's a demon. Been telling me that all week and I've listened to him. All right, I'll give you an example from my life. I'm on my way home from Kentucky and I'm crying thinking, "Oh Lord, I'm an open book. Sorry. It's who I am. You don't like it. Preachers have faults. Preachers got faults. I'm just dumb enough to say them, I guess. I don't know. I think it helps somebody. I think it really helps somebody to know the people you look to, they have faults and they have trials and they have hardships, but they go through anyway. I'm on my way home and I'm just like, Lord, am I missing something? What's wrong, Lord? Lord, something's wrong. What did I do? this I went through I cried the whole way home just thinking I just been in some awesome meetings and what's my problem what's my problem Lord Monday got up same thing right there in my face Lord if I if I don't have it Lord I sure want it brother Matt you shouldn't ever think that come on these thoughts are real these mind battles are And finally I said, you know what? This these thoughts are doing nothing but driving me down. Oh, then these thoughts can't be the mind of God. And as soon as I thought that thought and said, "Devil, it was gone." Just like that. And I did struggle all week with it. Why? Because if you resist the devil, he will flee. Will he test you whether you got the Holy Ghost? Will he say you don't have the the devil will say anything? And he can bring you down. But once you recognize it's the [Music] devil. Yeah, he messed with the wrong ombre. Those thoughts for real. My tears running down my face for real. How many wants more of God? You know the devil plays on that. Yeah, you've always wanted more of God. You're never going to get it. Well, you don't realize today's your service. Come on, let's speak in faith tonight. Today's your service to get more than you've ever had. David had so much it was overflowing. I don't know about you, that's where I want to live. Brother Matt, you saying we could do that? That's what I'm striving for. Yay. Though I walk through the valley of shadow death, I will not fear. What was David showing you? Even though you're going through the valley, you still got your faith. You still got it. Amen. Even though the battle is rough on you. Come on, somebody. I know I'm down right down where you're preaching, where you're at, where you're living. You know what that is? That's nothing but a devil trying to convince you that you can't live that kind of life. call his bluff. Listen, the devil doesn't like these kind of meetings. He don't like when God goes into your thought life and makes you recognize that is a lie. How many's ever seen a snake before? You know, I saw a snake in Virginia. I didn't see many snakes in Indiana. It's too cold. I walked out to my barn the other day, opened the door, and dropped one right here in front of me. I don't know about you, I don't like snakes. I was searching for a stick. Dude's only that long. But when you recognize there's a devil been playing in your mind all week, why don't you go after him with the word of God? Why don't you go after him? Don't let the preacher go after him. Why don't you go after him? He said, "Devil, I'm sick of you. I come to break your back." I didn't get him in the head, but I got him in the back and he looked sideways going down the hole. I don't like any snake devils. You know, snake devils. We're just going to preach it. I'm wide open. And there's notes there, but they're there. You know, snake devil, you know, a snake will hide right there in the open. How many's ever walked by one and be like, "Whoa, I think there was one in Davey's boot right one time. Came right into your house." Yeah, we had a revival. Woo! Glory. Somebody let the snake loose in my house. But those that devil, I've been studying on the devil. Why you been studying on the devil? Cuz that's who I'm preaching against. I'm an evangelist. I'm going to go find me some devils. Brother Matt, you're crazy. No, no. That's what God called me to do. He called me to go into churches and find where the devil is trying to feed at him. He lied. Listen, the devil hates to be exposed, so he'll hide. I know. Come on, somebody. He'll hide. But that's all right. The Holy Ghost will reveal. The light of God will bring it to surface. The light of God will reveal. That devil, and it might change a face. It might look funny, but let me tell you, there's a soul on the inside of us that's crying, "Help!" And that's what I want to do. I want to help somebody. But those devils will hide right there in your living room. Lord, those devils will hide right there in your pocket. You know what I'm talking about. I'm talking about overcoming life, young man. I'm talking about overcoming life. Oh man. Brothers and sisters, it's time we surrender everything we are self. Brother said the biggest enemy he had was William Brandon. Well, let me tell you, Adam, your wife is not your biggest enemy. It might be your dad, but well, no, your wife is not your enemy. Brother Alen is not your enemy. Everybody turn to your neighbor and say, "You're not my enemy." Yeah, I just broke some arguments between husband and wives. Well, preach, brother Matt. Go ahead. The person sitting next to you is not your enemy. That guy at work is not your enemy. Come on, somebody. But the one that you look at in the mirror, that's your enemy. Why don't you look into the word of God and say, "Lord, I'm not trying to point it over here and see somebody else's reflection, but Lord, what do I look like? Why don't you be honest with the message of the hour? Why don't you be honest with the Bible? That's what God wants. He wants an honest heart that will look into the word of God and when they're wrong, they'll simply say, "Father, forgive me. I have need of you." But that's overcoming some pride. That's overcoming some self. I know this isn't fun preaching, but we're here anyway. How many likes it when you get down to the end of it and you're like, "It's my fault. I didn't think I'd get an amen." What do you do with that, though? Do you hide it? Do you make excuses for it? Sticky. Do you complain? Or do you say, "That's just how I'm always going to be?" No, the answer is right here. Father, forgive me. Repentance never stops. How do you know that? Paul would overcome. And you know how he would overcome? I die daily. Maybe the reason you aren't overcoming, you haven't repented like you truly should have. Listen, why is God still dealing with you? Listen, you can live a form of this message all you want to, but you know, you know who you are. Glory. I know rubber meets the road. Maybe that's why the Lord didn't show me what I was going to preach tonight. I'd been scared to preach it. Come on overcomers. Come on little bride. Let's overcome self. You know Jesus wouldn't struggle with the devil when he met the devil. Even in his weakest hour, he didn't struggle with the devil. But in Gethsemane, he struggled. But that's why I struggle so much. Uhhuh. Yeah. Because you got your old will and your old will. If we would just learn to surrender our will into his will. Glory. Our will takes us the wrong way. But when we say, "Father, I don't know what I'm doing. I need your help. Lord, I don't know how to handle this situation. Listen, I've had situations at work. I didn't know what to do with it. My flesh wanted to let them know. And sometimes I've let them know and I've had to go back and say I was sorry. But I want to set the right example the first time. So when you don't know what to listen, I don't know where it's coming from. When you don't know what to do with that situation at work, when that person is bothering you. Listen, there was a lady at work. I knew she This is recently six months I've been at this job. I didn't know what to do with her. I didn't. She was a liberal. I never dealt with liberals really. I'm being honest. I haven't. I'm in Virginia now and I'm in Charlottesville, so I deal with them. Not everything's good in Virginia. Sorry. Praise the Lord. Beautiful views, beautiful people, beautiful church. No, stop there. Anyway, I didn't know what to do. So, I just said, "Lord, help me. I don't know what to do. I I don't even know how to speak to her." So, I just didn't speak to her. I wasn't rude, but I just didn't speak to her. I didn't know what to say. I didn't know how I was going to come across. She knew I was a preacher, and she was a liberal. So we never even so a word and she didn't like me. What' I do? Nothing. So I just begin to pray about it. She's turned into resation two weeks ago. I'm not trying to get somebody to lose their job. Don't get me wrong now. But when you don't know what to do with it, if you just shut your mouth and you begin to pray with it, God will take care of it. Easier said than done. Look at this thing. Not happy. She She turned her own resation. She didn't get fired. She's moving on. Going somewhere else. I said, "Thank you, Lord." When you know you're going to do this at some point, it's You know what I'm talking about. There's eventually something you're going to have to stand on. I'm not afraid to. But you know what? If we can avoid those things, I'll avoid those things. I'm not looking for a fight. I don't know about you. Brother say this. He says, "The thing you have to overcome is yourself. Your idea, your thing. Surrender yourself to him. He overcome for you. He knows the way. We don't." Man, that is so profound, but yet so simple, but yet so powerful. He knows the way, but we don't. Why don't you give it over to Jesus tonight? The places you can't overcome, your way, your idea, your thinking about it. Why don't you just surrender that tonight and say, "Lord, you know the way. You know what you're doing. I surrender everything I am." You know what you're doing? By your surrender, you're overcoming. That doesn't even make sense, really. By your surrender, you're overcoming. How many likes a simple gospel? Then throw up both hands because that's a universal sign of surrender. Don't keep one behind your back. Don't keep your hand in the sins of the world. Don't keep your hand on this, that, and the other, but take your works and surrender them into the hands of the Almighty. And you watch God do marvelous things through your life. Let me catch another one. Who's your worst enemy? All right, you didn't get it. Who is your worst enemy? Say me. Here we go. Ready? Who is your worst enemy? Don't forget it. Pause for effect. All right. You'll remember that. Before you get mad, oh Lord, help me. Before you get mad and mouth off and say things you shouldn't say, remember tricks. Overcoming tricks. Where you coming from, brother Matt? It's a quote. Overcome means to recognize the devil in every one of his tricks. A lot of people say there is no devil. It's just a thought. Don't you believe that the devil's just as real as God is? In fact, the devil's probably sitting on this front pew somewhere. Not to scare y'all, but he's right here. He's a front pew. He comes to the front pew. He not sitting on the back. No offense to the people in the back. I understand. But he comes to church. He came to the wrong service. He came to the wrong service because he don't like to be exposed. And a lot of his tricks is what's catching you from overcoming. You don't think you can live that kind of life. You don't think you're a part of the invincible army. But let me tell you who that is. It's the devil scared to death that you'll step into your position of a son and daughter of God and you'll claim the God-given right that God gave over your family, that God gave over your life, that God gave you healing, God gave you health, God gave you salvation, God gave you the Holy Ghost. If he gave it to you, don't let any devil take it from you. Brother man would tell us know your enemy. That means you need to study yourself, too. That's good right there. Know your weaknesses and don't let them stay as weaknesses. Well, I'm always going to be that way. No, that's the wrong thought. Brother, I've always I'm sorry. You're in the presence where all things begin to change. You're in the presence where they stick a dead rod and in the whole 24 hours, the whole rod goes through the whole cycle of life and brings forth almonds that they can go forth there. That's the kind of presence you're in right now. It's just your kind of glory where you thought it was dead and could never live that way, but you stepped into an atmosphere this evening. You stepped into an atmosphere. The Holy Ghost is here. The angel of the Lord is in the building. I'm preaching the message of the hour. He's in the building. And I believe when you get under the influence of the presence of God, things change. How many's ever recognized that? How many ever got a spiritual healing in service and didn't even realize you did? Brother said he said a lot of you are already healed and don't even recognize it. I believe there are spiritual things being picked off right now on these services. Hallelujah. I believe there's supernatural healing going on. There's wounds in your spirit that are being healed right now in the presence of the speaking of the word of God. That's the power of the word. It doesn't return void. Brother man, I didn't feel anything. Quit looking at how you feel. We're not carnal. We're deeper than that. I love to feel God. You'll never find a a boy that loves the presence of God more than I do. I love God. Joshua didn't leave. You remember? How many believe? You go back and look. Moses would leave out of the presence of God. Joshua stayed there. I believe that's a bride. She loves the presence of almighty God. But listen, your feelings don't dictate what the word is doing in your life. If thou can't believe, why don't you accept it right now for your healing for your past? Come on, somebody. Why don't you take that complex and say, "You know what? I've walked with you too long. I got scarred by my parents. I got scarred by an old pastor. I got scarred by drugs. I got scarred by fear. But you know what? There's a presence here that heals all things. Let him do it. Open your heart. Say, "Lord, you've seen my mind battles. You've seen my struggles, Lord." Now, sometimes God will let you go through that to build character in you. We get discouraged because God doesn't go gone. But he left it there so that you have something to overcome. Well, why don't you look at that problem a little differently? You're a victory. You're an opportunity for a victory. This test, this thing was left here to prove I love my Lord. I love my Lord over what I feel like. I love my Lord over how I'm I'm dealing with this. I love the Lord. 1 Peter 5:8, be sober, be vigilant, for the adversary of the devil is a roaring lion walking about seeking whom he may devour. Ephesians 6:11, on the put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to withstand the ws of the devil. That word ws means schemes. The devil's got all kinds of tricks he likes to play. oldest trick in the book though, he likes to discredit the word of God and especially the message of the hour. Come on, somebody. He likes, well, brother Brandon didn't mean that and brother, he didn't really mean that there and he these thoughts come into you. But let me tell you, the message is the message. Leave your hands off of it. Leave your thoughts out of it and say, "Lord, I want it just the way it is. I'm not tinkering with it. I love it just the way it is. It was sent to me that way. I'm not adding my thoughts to it. I don't want a devil's thought to it. I don't want a man's idea to it. I want what God gave me. Because from that message, I am taking a body change. Be sober. That means you can't be drunk on the things of the world. Have mercy a drunk man. You ever seen them win a fight? Some of them maybe, but they get so drunk they're disoriented to where the enemy even is. I'm coming right down in your kitchen. We get so drunk on Fox News. Oh, don't say that one, brother. Man, I'm not CNN. ESPN. All right. Tik Tok. FaceTime. Facebook. Yeah, that's right. You need your FaceTime back. Your face in the book. Instagram. Don't let me miss one now. We'll be so drunk on what everybody else is doing. And God said, "Will you drink with me? Will you drink of the stimulation of the revelation that I've given you in this hour? Because it'll make you walk a little bit different. Hallelujah. I don't know about you, I like getting drunk in the spirit. I like getting happy in God. Amen. Don't ever take it out of the church. That's a trick of the devil. I want every tongue talking, prophesying. I want every gift in the church of the living God. God gave it to us. It ain't out of order when it's operated by the Holy Ghost. Well, preach brother Matt. Well, you're so afraid somebody's going to mess up. Yes, we're going to mess up. But I have an advocate with the father. Preach the word, brother. Here's another one. He says, "Now, I say this with truly love. I wonder if the last four or five years have not if we haven't got too busy so many things to do. Oh, come on. Somebody preach with me now. How many's got too many things to do? How many's got all kinds of stuff that wants to steal your time? This is a time to redeem that time, saints of God, take it back. Take it back. Take it back. Redeem that time. This is a time that God needs overcomers. And listen, you're not going to overcome feeding on a dollar bill. Come on, somebody. You're not going to overcome getting another job. You're not going to overcome getting those things. But if you get into the word of God, there is a heavenly manner that an overcoming power comes upon you and you're able to recognize every trick of the devil. When you recognize a snake, Sister Connie, what do you do with it, Andrew? Andrew is a snake killer or Cassie. Well, we might not call Andrew and we might not call Cassie, but I called my heavenly father on the scene and my heavenly father said, "Have dominion and I can take that devil and cast it out." You know, every time Jesus met the devil, he met Lucifer in heaven and he cast him out. He met him on earth and he cast him out. Well, when you meet him in your life, cast him out. That same spirit's in you. Listen, moms, it doesn't take brother Ron to come to your house and cast out a devil. You lay your hand over on that child and you begin to pray for them. Come on, somebody. I'm not saying brother R wouldn't come to your house. I know he would. But you're doubting the overcoming power that's in your life. Ah man. Hands break. Leave me alone. Come on overcomers. Come on. I see the look in your eyes if there's any devil living in my life. Any thought that did not come from the word of God. Listen, the Bible says to renew your mind, I'm renewing your mind, I want to renew your mind back to the word of God today. The word of God said you were an overcomer. The word of God called you an overcomer. Amen. The word of God said you were more than a conqueror. The word of God said you be dressed sinless, spotless. The word of God gave you health. The word of God gave you the Holy Ghost. The word of God says you will win. The word of God said, "I'd never leave you nor forsake you." Maybe you're sitting right here in this service tonight and you feel forsaken. Maybe you feel forsaken. That's all right. Why don't you forsake that feeling and said, "You know what? The word of God says, the word of God says, the word of God says you watch the presence of God." Listen, he's wanting to see will you overcome? Will you take that thought and you filter it through the word of God? And when the word of God said lie, you beat with it. Lie. Call that devil's bluff. I'm calling for courage now. I know what it takes. I was the one crying on the way home. Everybody else is sleep in the car and I'm all I did was say that thought does not lift me up. That thought does not encourage me. It's real simple to filter that thought. I pray don't just be a hearer, but do that. And you want to watch an overcoming life begin to happen. You're recognizing that's nothing more than a trick of the devil. Listen, sisters, I'm going to speak to you right now. Satan knows you're weak. He'll catch you in your weak hours. He'll begin to say, "You're not a good wife. [Music] You're not a good mama." [Music] Oh, got thick real quick. Do you recognize that is nothing more than a lion spirit straight from the pits of hell. I know you don't like that devil, but I really don't care. You showed up. Sisters, you are heaven sentent. You are God-given. You're an absolute jewel in your husband's crown. He loves you with all of his heart. He's so happy to stand with a wife that'll come by his side and lift him up when he is down. [Music] You see what it is? That's a devil, brother Matt. But I failed and I made all kinds of mistakes. Yes, you're going to. I never said you weren't. But he said he'd never leave me. He said if I fell down, he'd pick me up. I'm renewing your mind tonight. I'm renewing your mind. Get to thinking on God's thoughts. You know, when you begin to think about God, he begins to show up. Hallelujah. Why don't we begin to think about God tonight? Amen. Where has he brought you from? And where has he taken you from? Has not he been there for five years? Has not he been there through every valley? Has not he been there through every mountain? He's been there the whole time. And I'm telling you, the same God that's with him is with you. How do you know that? You're still here, aren't you, brother Gabe? How many times you thought of quitting, buddy? In numerous town, how many times you thought, I've messed up. I've failed. I'm just going to make a mess of it. I'm never going to get there. You're being honest with him, buddy. That's my friend. But you're still here. What is it? Overcoming every one of those thoughts, man. There's so many. All right, 10 minutes. I'm going to quit. Satan likes to set traps. He catches you in a trap. How many's ever feel like you can't go anywhere? Like you're caught in a trap. All right, Johnny Crow, let me tell you, you're free tonight. Johnny Crow was in a trap and he couldn't leave. He couldn't go any farther than right here. He couldn't go any farther than right here. But then one day, somebody come along and set him free. But Johnny didn't even know he was free. And Johnny would just stay in the same rut, same rut, and watch everybody else fly like eagles. And he just couldn't go there. He couldn't live that high. He could live that high. He can't live. He wanted to go south. Come on, Johnny. Let's go. I'm here to tell you, you're free. And if he sets you free, you're free indeed. No longer in bondage. No longer to a slave mentality. You know what Satan does? He tries to put you back in bondage in your mind. But you're free tonight in Jesus' name. If he set you free, if he saved your soul, if he filled you with the Holy Ghost, he gave you a sound mind. Then why don't you take it back? David one time looked in the word of God and the word of God told him, "Take it back." Well, I've been by the presence of God, by the anointing of God, I tell you, take it back tonight. Take back your sound mind. He says, brother says this, in the real devil, you must recognize he's real. You must know he's a devil. Let me finish this quote. Then the same time you recognize him, you know he's a devil. He's against you. Then to overcome, you must recognize that God is in you and he's greater and mightier than he is. And by his grace, you are more than a match for him. Amen. There's real overcoming when you recognize musicians come. Let me close so much. You got two big messages trying to squash them together. That's what you get. You don't know where to quit. I also know you're human. Brother man would say, "Never underestimate the power of the devil. But I'm going to tell you this too. Never underestimate the power of my God. Cuz the devil's power is limited. It's limited as much as you'll let him talk to you. Listen, I'm talking about overcoming some mind battles. How many's having mind battles? Go ahead and raise your hand. It's all right. Just identify you're in the same fight we all are. Let's agree right now. Lord, I'm going to overcome some mind battles. Here's how you do it. You take your thought that you're getting and where it's coming from. You trace it back to the origin. And if it doesn't come back to the Bible, then you do not have to believe it. You don't praise it. You don't give it don't give it out of your mouth. Come on, somebody. Don't give it out of your mouth. Why? Because the devil knows there's power in your mouth. He wants you to begin to confess the evil thoughts. Brother Ben would teach this. He said, "You will get negative thoughts." He said, "But never Oh, I got to read it. It's too good. Sorry. Let me get it. Here we go." He says, "When you get to thinking about divine healing, get thinking about Christ. Keep him on your mind. If there's any praise, of any virtue, the Bible said, think on these things." If any thought comes by, well, maybe it couldn't be so. Maybe. Get it off your mind right quick. Everybody in the building, Lord, help me. How many wants the Lord to help them do that? Then say it, Lord, help me. Think on these things. That's positive. Never let a negative thought pass through. Just don't let it stop anyhow. If it starts through, keep your thoughts positive. Jesus, don't think sitting there in the wheelchair you're hopeless and helpless. You're not. Don't let that negative thought ever pass through or don't let it anchor. You can't help from going through the mind. That's right. But don't let it stop. You got a double barrel shotgun. Say, "Brother Matt, my gun's empty." Then go load it up with some scriptures. And you take aim at that thought and say, "You know what? That thought is contrary to the word of God." You're never going to live that kind of life. You know what? I may not be there yet, but I tell you what, devil. I think I beat you there. I think I beat you there. And I think I beat you there. And I think you'll beat you there. The Holy Ghost helped me there. The Holy Ghost helped me there. The Holy Ghost helped me there. And the Holy Ghost helped me there. And if the Holy Ghost helped me there, I'm going to load my gun. One more time. I believe Timothy Bruit said it like [Music] this. Why don't you get your double barrel shotgun and load it up? And why don't you tear that devil right out of your mind and let the word of God be preeminent in your mind? Let's overcome, saints of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Somebody overcome. Hallelujah. I'm an overcomer by the blood of the lamb. and by the word of my testimony. Overcomer. Sing it like you mean it. Oh, I'm over by the blood of the lamb and by the word of my [Music] testimony. Oh, he saved me. Oh, he rescued me. He delivered me. Oh, and he set me free. And ever since I've been [Music] changed. Oh, I've never been the same. Oh, I can lift my hands and say thank you for this grace overcomer. Oh, I'm an overcomer. Well, by the blood of the lamb and by the word of my testimony overcomer. Well, I'm an overcomer. Oh, by the blood of the lamb and by the word of my testimony overcomeer. I'm more than a conqueror. I'm a winner. The joy of the Lord is my strength. I have dominion. Oh, I walk in authority. Oh, I've been washed by the blood. I'm keen by his love. I'm filled with your spirit. And by his strip, oh, I'm healed. Oh, I'm free. Oh, Jesus. Oh, yes. Let's sing that again. Oh, overcome. I'm more than a conqueror. I'm a winner. And joy of the Lord is my strength. I have dominion. Oh, I walk in authority and I've been washed in the blood. I'm keen by his love. I'm filled with his spirit and by him. Oh, I'm here. Sing it to him. Oh yes. Oh Jesus gave the [Music] victory overcomer. Oh no. [Music] By the blood of the lamb and by the word of my testimony overcomer. Well, I'm an overcomer. By the blood of the lamb and by the word of my testimony overcomer, I'm more than a conqueror. Oh, I'm a winner. The joy of the Lord is my strength. I have dominion and I walk in authority and I've been washed in the blood. I'm kept by his love. I'm filled with his spirit and by his oh I'm healed. Oh I'm free. Oh Jesus gave the victory overcomer. We're more than conquerors. I'm a winner. The joy of the Lord is my strength. I have dominion and I walk in authority. And I've been watched by blood. I'm kept by his love. I'm filled with his spirit and by him. Oh, I'm healed. Oh, I'm free. Oh, Jesus gave the victory. Overcomer. Well, I'm an overcomer. Oh, by the blood of the lamb and by the word of my test. Sing it one more time. Overcomer. Oh, I'm an overcomer. By the blood of the lamb and by the word of my testimony morning. Amen. Look at your neighbor. Tell them I'm an overcomer this evening. And believe it when you say it. Amen. Sing a song. We've been made more. [Music] We've been made more than coner overcomers in this life. Oh, we've been made [Music] victorious. Oh, through the blood of Jesus Christ. Let's sing it again. We've been made. Oh, we've been made more than coner. All overcomers in this life. Glory been made [Music] victorious through the blood of [Music] Jesus. Amen. Aren't you glad that you can say that? I've been made more than a conqueror. When brother Matt was saying this, I'm taking it back. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil has stole from me this evening through my life. Can you say that? I'm taking it back this evening. Let's try key of F1 now. Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking back my soul, my dance, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my soul. My days, my joy and my peace. Taking it back. Everything the devil stole me. Now one day, oh, King David came home from the city causing li. And while he was gone, the enemy came and stole everything that he had. [Music] Bes in his mind, said, "I'm on my way down to his camp and I'm taking my property back." Well, I'm taking it back. Oh, everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking back my soul, my pain, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole to sing it again, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, but I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my soul, my pain, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking it back. everything that the devil stole from me. Now we all know that Satan only comes to steal, to kill, and destroy. And I must admit, there been some time that he has taken away my joy. Oh, but I'm certain notice the devil today. His kingdom is under attack. Cuz I'm on my way down to his camp. And I'm taking my property back. Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking back my soul, my pain, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole. Oh, let's sing it again. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking back my soul, my pain, my joy and my peace. I've been taking it back. Everything that you're dismissed this evening, continue to sing and praise God in the glory. taking it by everything that the devil stole from me. Well, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking back my soul and my taste, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking it back. [Music] Everything that the devil stole from me, taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, well, I'm taking it [Music] back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking back my soul, my taste, my joy, and my peace. I'm taking it [Music] by everything that the devil stole from me. Now we all know that Satan only comes to steal, to kill, and destroy. And I must admit, sometimes he's taking away my joy. But I'm [Music] serot on my way down to his camp. And I'm taking my property back. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. Taking back my soul, my chance, my joy in my peace. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me. [Music]
