################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-31 - “Angelic Involvement In Human Affairs” - Bro. Wayne Lawson on August 31st, 2025 - Wayne Lawson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-31
Title:    “Angelic Involvement In Human Affairs” - Bro. Wayne Lawson on August 31st, 2025
Speaker:  Wayne Lawson
Church:   Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 20m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BhVzk6FKcM
========================================

Description:
If these messages have blessed you, please consider supporting our ministry.
We are very thankful for the help God sends us through praying saints.
Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle is a Non-Profit Christian Ministry and is wholly funded by the tax-deductible donations of our supporters. Please visit our website if you like to support Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. https://www.fullgospellighthousetabernacle.com/live-stream/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Only because you made mountains. Oh, and you cause walls to fall. With your power, you perform miracles. There is nothing that's impossible. And we're standing here only because you made. Oh, and you you made a way for me. When our back was against the wall when it looked to you, it was over. You you made a way for me. Oh, when we're standing [Music] on you. Oh, you move mountain. Oh, and you cause walls to fall. Oh, with your power. Oh, you me [Music] possible I ever standing. Oh you mountains. Oh the sugar mountain. Oh my go [Music] [Music] standing holy. Let's sing it one more time. You move mountains. You move mountains. Oh, if there's a mountain in your way, he can move it for you this morning. Oh, yes. [Music] There is nothing that you ever standing here only because you made a way. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're all standing here only because he made a way for each and every one of us this morning. So good to be in the house of the Lord. I want to just thank each and every one of you for being with us this weekend. &gt;&gt; I tell you, we've had a wonderful time. Wonderful revival, refreshing, renewing of the spirit within each and every one of us. But we're expecting great again this morning, aren't we? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing a song. Blessed be, blessed be. Blessed be your name. [Music] Blessed be the other. Blessed be your name in the land that is bl with the streams of abundance blow. Blessed be your name and blessed be your name. When I'm out in the desert place, though I walk through the wilderness, blessed be your name. Come on now. Oh, every blessing you pour out, turn back to bring. When the darkness closes in, we'll stay alive the same. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your glorious name. Blessed be your name. The sun shining down on me. Words on as it should be. Blessed be your name. [Music] And blessed be your name. On the road of my suffering. There's pain in the armory. Blessed be your name. Oh, every blessing you pour out out of turn to praise. Oh, when the darkness closes, Lord will stay alive. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, bless Oh, blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be your glorious name. You keep and take away. You give and take away. My heart will choose to say, oh Lord, blessed be your name. You keep and take away. You keep and take away. My heart will choose to sing. Oh Lord, blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be. Oh, blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be. Oh, you give and take away. You give and take away. You give and take away. My heart will choose to say, "Oh Lord, blessed be your name. You give and take away. You give and take away. My heart will." Come on now. Oh, blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be the name. Oh, bless his holy name this morning. Just lift up your hands and worship him. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be your word. Oh, one more time. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your glorious name. Oh, just bless his holy name. God's power is alive. Aren't you glad that God's power is still alive in this day? People say that our God still has no power or life. They deny that he's living. [Music] Think this faith is a lie. We can't help that they say things for they do not understand. One prove that reason. Say that he was just a man. Oh, what about the truth? Oh, what about the life? [Music] What about the message? [Music] Is it still alive? Oh, just think upon his goodness that he's done in your life. Glor is not just some story. God's power is alive. There's no purpose in God's voice in this day. I don't need to reason and the world's fing away. Come on now. For we have a vision. No, that's it. And no power can hold us back. Just stay faithful with Jesus and keep you. [Music] Oh, what about the truth? [Music] Oh, what about the [Music] What about the message? Is it still alive? Oh, just think he's good that he's done. [Music] You is not just some story. God's power. Oh, this is still the truth. Oh, this is still the truth. Oh, yes it is. When this still is still [Music] what is it you see is [Applause] [Music] just upon the [Music] in [Music] Oh, he's not just staring. [Music] Oh, can we sing that one more time? This is still the truth. This is still the truth. Oh, do you believe that this morning? [Music] Oh, it's got this is still [Music] [Applause] [Music] that he's done for his righteousness. Oh God, power. &gt;&gt; Oh, as I play that softly this morning, do you still believe that? &gt;&gt; Do you believe that this is the message? &gt;&gt; And if you can believe that, there is nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing that can stop you. &gt;&gt; Amen. We have many needs, many requests that's been uplifted amongst us. How many would have a need upon their heart? Say, "Lord, just pass by my way this morning." I'm going to ask Brother Aaron Oglesby if you just come pray over all the needs in this building. Amen. God bless you this morning. Just want to take just a second and just thank Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle for for your efforts this weekend. We we know meetings like this don't just happen. They don't just happen. And so, Brother Ron and and his entire family and everybody that's had a hand in it, people parking cars, people cooking food, people just welcoming us with a welcome spirit. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. [Applause] We sure do appreciate you. Amen. He's still alive this morning. &gt;&gt; Let's take our needs to him. Father Lord, we are so grateful this morning, Lord. Lord, that we can say with assurance, Lord, that this is still the light, Lord, that we that Lord, we're not following cunningly devised fables, Lord, but a word that's been vindicated in this day, time after time after time. Lord, we're thankful for the messages that have come forth already from this pull pit this weekend. Lord, I'm thankful that we can say this isn't just the the full gospel lighthouse meeting, but Lord, you've showed up and it's been your meeting. And we're thankful, Lord, that you've come and you've spoke and you've shown light, Lord. And Lord, I believe there's been deliverances, Lord, even as the word's gone forth and healings, Lord. And Lord, I know my heart's been encouraged. And Lord, but we come today, Lord, not only just thankful for what you've done, but with great expectation for what you're about to do, Lord. I believe Lord today that Lord we can just step aside and Lord we always ask that you'll anoint the man of God and I know you will but Lord I'm asking that you'll anoint our ears this morning. You'll anoint our hearts to receive Lord that the word will fall on good ground Lord that it'll take root in the lives of men and women Lord and it'll move beyond something that we know and we understand but it'll move into a place of manifestation in the lives of your people father. Lord, we come today, Lord, as needy people. Recognizing, Lord, we're not like Leoa. We don't say we have need of nothing, but this morning, Lord, we need you, Lord. Lord, we're in need, Lord. But we're thankful that we serve a God who has the answer this morning. Lord, you know every sick and needy. Lord, you Lord, you see the need in our sister McGraw. Lord, I just pray that you'll just move in a mighty way there this morning. Lord, I pray for a good report. And Lord, even beyond that, I'm looking to your report. Lord, I'm looking to a word that says, "By your stripes, we are healed." And I know without any shadow of a doubt that word hasn't lost any of its power. It's good today, Lord, and we stand on it today. We stand faithful today, Lord, expecting you to move, looking for you to take complete control of this service, Lord. There's many people, Lord, gathered this morning. Lord, I know, Lord, your bride around the world is gathering this morning. I pray you'll meet with each and everyone. every group, no matter where they are, Lord. May your presence come and Lord, just be that portion that they have need of today. And we're asking you to do that here this morning. Lord, may you get in the worship. May it please you, Lord. May may everything we do please you. And then may Lord, you come and just break the bread of life, Lord. Lord, we'll be careful to give you the praise, the glory, and the honor for you alone deserve it. We commit this time to you now, Lord, and ask you to take full control. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. As they receive the offering this morning, we thank you for your giving this weekend. Everything you've put forth. We couldn't do it without your giving. And we thank you for the ministers that stop by our way this weekend. Amen. I want to have Sister Beth Robinson come and sing for us this morning. And we'll have Sister Sarah and Sister uh Julia sing for us as well as they're receiving the offering this morning. Let's sing a song. Call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. You got something on your heart. Just call him up. Tell him what you want. He's on that main line. Well, I said call heaven up and call him up. Tell him what you want. I said call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. I said call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Call him up and tell him what you want. Sing again. Well, I said I call him up. Call him up and tell him what you want. I said fall. Tell him what you want. Oh, I said I call him calling up what you want. Call him going to tell him what you want. Oh, there's a storm. We'll hold my soul. Oh, all this away. Well, if your soul's not Oh, hey Jesus. If we'll surely well drift away. Well, there's a spher [Music] well if your soul m Oh hey Jesus you will surely well drift away call him up. Well, I said I call him uncle. Tell him what you want. I said I call him. Call him. Tell him what you want. I said to call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Go tell him. Well, one more time. I said to call him up. Call him. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him. Call him. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him. Call him. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him. Tell him what you want. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. [Music] In a deep dark cave of trouble, a soul was in distress. Evil whispered in my ear. You'd be left for dead in the trial of my life. All I could do was cry. Then suddenly God breathed in me a second wind of try. And I live to tell about it. I live to testify. I live to tell about him. Let God be glorified. Satan's plans to destroy me backfired like dynamite gave me a testimony. I shall live and not die. For a moment things looked hopeless. Thought I would not survive, but I live to tell about it. Yes, I live to testify. [Music] Satan, you did not do your homework when you chose me to harass. You see, I was a born again just yesterday. I've been tested in the past, and I know just how you work, how all you do is lie. I will not be deceived. I know the way, the truth, the life. And I live to tell about it. I live to testify. I live to tell about it. Let God be glorified. Satan's plans to destroy me. Backfired like dynamite. Gave me a testimony. I shall live and not die for a moment. Things looked hopeless. Thought I would not survive what I live to tell about it. Yes, I live to testify. [Music] Satan, you did not do your homework when you chose me to harass. You see, I was the born again. was yesterday. I've been tested in the past and I know just how you work. How all you do is lie. And I will not be deceived. I know the way, the truth, the lie. And I live to tell about it. I live to testify. I live to tell about him. Let God be glorified. Satan's plans to destroy me. Black backfired like dynamite. Gave me a testimony. I shall live and not die. For a moment things looked hopeless. I thought I would not survive. But I live to tell about it. Yes, I live to testify. Yes, you'll live to tell about it. And you'll live to testify. You'll live to tell about him. Let our God be glorified. Satan's plans to destroy you. Backfired like dynamite. Gave you a testimony. You shall live and not die. For a moment things looked hopeless and thought you would not survive. But you live to tell about it. Yes, you live to testify. Somebody testify. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I remember how you provided, how you held me through the night. And I remember, how you sustained me when you stepped in to save my life. If I knew then what I know now, I would be still and let you work it out. Jesus, [Music] I was toast in the water, but I never went under. You were always on time. And Jesus, when I went through the fire, you were right there beside me. You were always on time. You were always always on time. You were always always on time. And I remember how you carried [Music] when I couldn't take a step. And I remember [Music] how you loved me when I couldn't love myself. Jesus, I was tossed in the water, but I never went under. You were always on time, Jesus. When I went through the fire, you were right there beside me. You were always on time. You were always always on time. And you were always [Music] always on time. And you were always always on time. And you were always always on time. There's never been a day, never been a minute, never been a moment that you weren't in it. There's never been a time that you didn't see me through God. So I worship you. There's never been a day, never been a minute, never been a moment that you weren't in it. There's never been a time that you didn't see me through God. So I worship you. There's never been a day, never been a minute, never been a moment that you weren't in it. There's never been a time that you didn't see me through God. So I worship you. There's never been a day, never been a minute, never been a moment that you weren't in it. There's never been a time that you didn't see me through. So I worship you deep enough. I was lost in the water, but I never went under. You were always on time, Jesus. When I went through the fire, you were right there beside me. You were always on time. You were always always on time. You were always [Music] always on time. You were always always [Music] on time. You were always always on time. [Music] There's never been a day, never been a minute. There's never been a moment that you weren't in it. There's never been a time that you didn't see me through, God. So I worship you. There's never been a day, never been a minute. There's never been a moment that you weren't in it. There's never been a time that you didn't see me through God. So I worship you. There's never been a day, never been a minute. There's never been a moment that you weren't in it. There's never been a time that you didn't see me through God. So I worship you. There's never been a day, never been a minute. There's never been a moment that you weren't in it. There's never been a time that you didn't see me through, God. So I worship you. Never been a day, never been a minute. There's never been a moment that you weren't in it. There's never been a time that you didn't see me through, God. So I worship you, Jesus. I was tossed in the water, but I never went under. You were always on time. Jesus, when I went through the fire, you were right there beside me. You were always on time. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. My goodness, we thank you all for this meeting. &gt;&gt; What a wonderful time with the bride of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; We cannot thank you enough for coming and being part of these meetings here at Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. We appreciate every single one of you of again of giving of your energies and your times. We've got brother Robert Fiser from Poland here with us and here for these meetings and we just want to say God bless you and your family and may God richly bless you and each and every one of you from your different places of worship. We just want to we just want to welcome you and know that you are loved. We are a strong body. We are a powerful body. It doesn't matter if we're in Elton. Doesn't matter if we're in Louisiana, if we're across seas this way or that way. We worship the same living Jesus Christ. And he has showed up in this meeting to do great things. Hallelujah. Amen. We just had such a wonderful time in the Lord last night. And if you don't know this about Full Gospel Lighthouse, we love to worship the Lord. &gt;&gt; And we may not we may not be a good at a whole lot of things and our choir may not be the best best of choirs, but I tell you one thing for sure, we're going to do something to worship the Lord whether we do it right or wrong. We we love to worship the Lord around here. Amen. Amen. We just we just getting ready for uh what we're getting ready to do on that other side. and and so we certainly love the liberty that the Lord has given us in this message and we certainly appreciate the message of the hour around here. Amen. We're so happy to have our brother Wayne Lawson here with us this weekend and my goodness, he's been such a friend to me and a a great minister and helped uh help Full Gospel Lighthouse. Him and brother Tim have been so instrumental in our lives and we're so thankful that they took time out of their busy schedule to come and be a part of these meetings and we don't take that for granted. These men of God, we we consider them God's generals, and we have seen God use them time after time, but not just in the past, but we've seen it this weekend that God has spoke to us through human lips. And we so appreciate the man of God this weekend. Amen. As we get ready to change the order of the service and invite our brother Wayne Lawson, we want you just to make yourself feel at home here and just pull on the gift of God and may God speak to you. I don't know what you come to this meeting expecting or what you have needs in your body, but I believe that our Lord is more than able &gt;&gt; to do whatever you have need of this morning. Amen. Maybe we'll just stand this morning and sing that song. Egypt, I don't have a clue. [Music] I won't forget the wonder of how you brought deliverance. The exodus of my heart. You f you free me. Help back the waters from my release. [Music] You're the God who fights for me, Lord of every victory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You have to the sea. with me through the day. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] The cloud by day is a sign you are with me. The fire by night is a guiding light to my feet. You f you free. [Music] You're the God who fights for me. Every victory. Happy. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Cuz you're the God who fights for me. [Music] Victory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You have to see you have through the hallelujah. Hallelujah. You stepped into my ages. You took me by. Come on, lift your voice. And you marched me out of freedom into the promised land. And I will forget you. I sing of all you've done that is swallowed up forever by the glory of your love cuz you stepped into my angel and you took me by the hand. You mar me out free into the promised land. Now I will not forget. I'll sing of all you done is swallowed up forever by the glory of your love. Cuz you're the God who fights for me. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. God. [Music] [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. What a &gt;&gt; what a tremendous atmosphere this morning for the grace of almighty God. Amen. Good time to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; But Thomas, I'd rather be here as the best hospital they got. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. In here into the house of God where the saints of God are gathered up and his children. And Amen. It's such a an honor to be here with you. We'd certainly like to thank brother Andrew and Sister Katie for the opportunity to be here and the invitation. Amen. to be here with our brother Ron and sister Connie and the family. Amen. It's always an honor here. Of course, coming to Full Gospel Lighthouse, we always expecting to accept and believe and have a wonderful time with you all and the beautiful arrangements and the food and the fellowship and the hospitality. Amen. Second to none. Amen. And Amen. Of course, Brother Ron's known for that all over the world, isn't he? His kind spirit and hospitality. and we certainly want to appreciate him and and thank him. And it's good to have the Robersonson family over here this weekend. And Amen. And u and brother Rodney and his family as well. And and we've been praying for Sister Robersonson in the hospital there. And trusting the Lord be able to do something wonderful for her. And amen. I Amen. I got out of here Friday night and I really thanked brother Nathan, Sister Cheyenne for coming with me. And I I forgot to say a word about my wonderful wife. Amen. But it's certainly good to have her with me this weekend. She she takes real good care of me. Amen. We certainly appreciate her. Amen. I uh it's a she she's a real blessing. Thanks. Thank God for his mercy. He knows just what you need. Amen. And so we we're so thankful for it. And Amen. It is real good to see our brother Timothy out there in the congregation. I may be the first time I've ever preached and you in the congregation. Amen. Dr. gave me shock the other night. I looked up and he was out there and Amen. And but we we certainly Amen. have had a real brotherhood and friendship. People thinks we're brothers. I say I'm the better looking one, but I'm not sure. I mean, y'all had to make that up, you know. And Amen. I'm the one with the mic, so I'm going to say it the way I want to. [Applause] Uh yeah, don't look don't pay no attention to him. I tell y'all like I tell y'all like this, you know, if we're family, he got the gift, I got the looks. Okay. Oh, we certainly certainly love him. Isn't it good to be a Christian? &gt;&gt; Amen. just to be able to feel the presence of the Lord and give you the kind of liberty where you can just feel good about being in the house of God. Amen. Come together with your brothers and love him and Amen. What a wonderful time. And of course our brother Tim. Amen. We certainly love him and appreciate him greatly. And Amen. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Isn't he? He's a real blessing to us. Amen. What could we say about that service last night? Amen. Amen. So, we certainly want to if we can uh just turn into the word of the Lord. Of course, you're supposed to have brother Donnie Reagan this morning, and I'm certainly no replacement for brother Donnie, but we certainly just want to give our heart and speak a few things. And um if we can, uh we're going to be looking in the book of Hebrews. And just before we read the word, let's just bow our hearts and speak to the author. Father, we thank you today for your grace. We thank you for your mercy, Lord, the blessing that you have given us. We certainly thank you for these men of God, Lord, for this assembly, for those that have gathered in from other parts, Lord, to make these meetings possible. Lord, we do it for your kingdom. These people put their hearts and their lives and their efforts and their money. Some are here, Lord, have invested lots of funds and Lord, their vacation times and they've set aside this just to come together, Lord, to see the kingdom prosper, Lord, to see this great message we all believe to see it lifted higher. And Lord, and there's many needs here in the building, Lord. We're aware that there's needs of every which kind, but Lord, there is a God we believe this morning to answer those needs. And we want to invite you to make you welcome in this building this morning. Lord, we don't want you here just as a observer, but Lord, we'd like you to come and be Lord. Lord, we'd like you to come and be the healer we know you are. We want to see you move into the hearts, Lord, and be the deliverer, Lord, and bring your mercy upon your people. Now, Father, we invite you to take your word and use it for your glory. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. And amen. And God bless you. If you have your Bibles, we'd like to look into Hebrews chapter 1, verse 13, verse 14. Hebrews 1 verse 13 and verse 14. But to which of the angels said he at any time sit on my right hand until I make thine enemies thy foottool? Are they not all ministering spirits sent forth to minister for them? Who shall be the heirs of salvation? Amen. We'd ask the Lord to bless his word this morning. You could be seated. Uh I I want to take some uh time this morning and speak to you uh about if I would take a title. Let me just title this angelic involvement &gt;&gt; in human affairs. Angel involve involvement in human affairs. Amen. Do y'all believe in angels? &gt;&gt; Amen. Do I I I certainly am a believer. Uh you know, we've heard the sermons Brother Brand preached on demonology. Uh, I believe we could call this angelology. Uh, I I certainly believe there are angels and uh I do believe that angels do appear to human beings. I believe they uh are messengers that are sent from God and they certainly influence many things that are on the earth and people are not always aware that it's happening. Uh when I say this um in the book of Hebrews the 13th chapter Paul will say this don't be forgetful to entertain strangers for thereby some have entertained angels unaware. And when he says that you know he has something specific in mind. He he's not just saying that but there's been some places that he knows that God had appeared to people and they were unaware that it was an angel. Amen. Now it's certainly uh in the quote the resurrection brother Brandham in 1953 he said before God sends a message to the earth he sends angels sometimes a messenger to the earth to bring his message do you believe that God has angels now sometime ago someone called me out on that and they said brother Brandham a great fundamental brother he said now there's only one flaw that I can find with your message to the people &gt;&gt; he said what's that my brother he said it's not scriptural then I'll get rid of it and I'll repent He said, "Well, you're always referring to an angel." And he said, "The angel of God met you and told you such and such a thing." And Brother Brandham, don't you know that God doesn't use angels to direct his church? He uses the Holy Spirit to direct his church. I said, "Yes, that's true. But God also has angels, ministering spirits sent from God." &gt;&gt; And he said, "Brother Brandham, that was Old Testament doctrine." He said, "You've mixed the New and the Old." And I said, "See, one's just the shadow of the other." And I said, 'You've got to have the Old Testament. It's a shadow of the New. And the Old Testament, and both of them together confirms God's attitude toward his people. &gt;&gt; Brother, &gt;&gt; Amen. I certainly believe that's one thing, amen, that that is there is it's God's attitude toward the people. Do you know God has a certain attitude and he don't change that attitude? Whatever attitude he had towards someone in the Bible, he has that same attitude towards you this morning. Amen. And when we see then, of course, the prophet is teaching us this. Amen. And that angels themselves meet and and and interact with human beings. Do you know if an angel appears or an angel comes in your midst, Amen. If you're dealing with angels, they're influencing towards you a divine and a sovereign will of God. If a if an angel's making influences upon you or an individual, it would always be toward the divine will of God. It would never like an angel would never appear to you to push you into organization or to push you into something that would be anti-word or it would never do that. But angels always influence toward a sovereign and a divine will. They appear in both New and Old Testaments. And if you're looking in the Old Testament, of course, there's a there's a Hebrew word which represents angels. In the Old Testament, it's a Hebrew word. And then in the New Testament, written in Greek before it was English. And the there's a Greek word. Both of those ends up meaning messenger. An angel is a messenger. And if you uh uh uh study your scripture, you're going to find later sometimes it refers to human beings being angels like a prophet, seventh messenger. And then it also refers to angels who are uh angelic heavenly beings that appear in human instances and push something a certain way. Brother Bam says, "See, if you don't believe angels are ministering spirits sent from the presence of God, then you don't know your Bible." &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. Someone said, "Brother Brandom, angels is in the only in the Old Testament." He said, "That's an error. The new church, the New Church had more angels ministering than the Old Testament did." That's right. And he quotes Hebrews chapter 1, of course. Now, the first time uh that angels come into the Bible is very relevant because when Paul mentions this in Hebrews 1, he said that angels are ministering spirits unto the heirs of salvation. Now, on Friday night, we spent the first 15 or 20 minutes talking about the inheritance or the heirs of salvation, joint heirs with Christ. And as Abraham's seed, you are an heir of God. Amen. So therefore, these angels are appearing to who? Unto the heirs of salvation. Amen. So the first time that it appears in the Bible, it appears unto Hagar who is uh holding Abraham's seed, Ishmael. But think about this because Hagar has conceived on a slightly uh on a slightly doubted promise because God has promised unto Abraham that he was going to have a seed and then Sarah saying unto Abraham, "We've not had it yet." So Hagar could take my place. Amen. And when Hagar conceived, she began to despise Sarah a bit. And then Sarah despised her a bit and then got real rough on her. And Hagar decides to flee the camp. And she runs out in Genesis 16:7. She runs out in the wilderness and she's out there by herself, a lady expecting the baby. And the Bible said, "And the angel of the Lord found Hagar near a spring in the desert. And it was a spring that is before the road to shore." Now, the angel of the Lord found her there. It found Hagar. Now, this is the first time that the Lord appears as angelic form to talk to someone. Amen. And it has to do with the seed of Abraham. Amen. It's a beautiful story because if you really know who this woman is. Amen. She is typing not the bride of Christ. She's actually typing them that had a slightly doubted promise. But yet God was so interested in the seed of Abraham that he wouldn't even let Hagar take and destroy Ishmael out of his presence, but rather send an angel unto her. And when Hagar had received of the angel, the angel corrected her and told her, "You go back to the camp of Abraham and submit yourself under thine handmaidaden and have this child and you call his name Ishmael." Amen. And he begin to tell that great nations would come out of him and begin to prophesy. And Genesis 16 and 13, Hagar answers, and she said, "She called the name of the Lord that spake unto her. Now God see me, for she said, I have also looked after him that seeth me. Amen. Him that seeth me. She named the angel thou God seeest me. Amen. And wherefore the well was called Bora. It sounds like Amen. Maybe. But behold, it's it's a well. Brother Bram said it's the well of he that liveth and seeth me. She gave the name of the Lord Elroy. In other words, like Elon or El Shadi, she named the angel Elroy, which means a God who has vision. So when this woman meets this angel, she says, this is the response to her that God sees me. Now, isn't it beautiful? Because she thinks that she's out of the sight of Abraham. She's out of the sight of Abraham and Sarah and thinks she's outside of the promises of God. But God sees her. Amen. and and she is is actually showing here. Amen. The attitude that God has toward the believer that he's able to see her. Now, I want you to think if God can see that woman and what she represented, how much greater can God see the believer today who is the royal seed of Abraham that God sees you. And I know and recognize there are many people that thinks God is so small that he can only see a few people at a time. And and surely he can only see the higher ups or the bigger people or the more religious people. But this woman did not represent the most religious among us. She represented the other side. But God is telling you if he can see Hagar, how much greater can he see the royal seed of Abraham? He is the God that sees us. He is big enough to both be seen, but he can also see. You remember brother Bam telling the story about the boy in Canada there with a king and he said he saw the king going by. Amen. And and and and the and the teacher noticed he was crying. Said, "Why are you crying, son? Didn't you get to see the king?" He said, "Yeah." He said, "Didn't you get to wave your little flag at him?" He said, "I did." He said, "Well, then what's wrong with you?" He says, "But I don't think he saw me." Amen. Because earthly kings are big enough to be seen. They're big enough to rise above the crowd and to be carried in chariots, but they're not big enough to look at a crowd and see every person and know every thought and know every situation that's in that crowd. But the King of Kings, he's big enough that we can all see him. And I say we lift him so high that every person in this building this morning can see our God lifted up high. But brother, know this. When you look on him, he's looking back at you and he sees every need in this building. Brother Ron, our God is big enough this morning. He's the kind of God that you can have a personal audience with him. Amen. I know we think, well, amen, he's not big enough that if I'm talking to him and somebody else is talking to him and somebody else is talking to him, but he can hear every one of you. He can deal with every need. He knows the tallow of every flea and every fly. He knows every hair on your head. He knows every need that's in your heart. There's not one person in this building that's too small for God to see. There's not one need that's too little for God to know what you have need of. Why did he curse a fig tree to prove he's the Messiah? Why was it that he created a fish and made a resurrection of that little fish? Why did he do it? And brother Ram said, to show he cares about the smallest of things. My goodness. Isn't he a God that sees? &gt;&gt; You might see him, but this God sees you. &gt;&gt; He looks back and sees you. And the actual name of this is the God that sees you. Now, in 1 Peter chapter 3 and verse 12, Peter acknowledges this and he says, "The eyes of the Lord are over the righteous and his ears are open unto their prayers." Do you believe the eyes of the Lord is upon the righteous? Do you know there's actually two appearings of the angel to Hagar? The first time she's expecting a baby and the second time she has a baby. Amen. And the second time when she's threw out of the camp, she goes out into the wilderness and it's a dry and thirsty place and and she lays the baby down a bow shot away and goes over and says, "Well, he's just going to die now. We're going to die of thirst out here." But the Bible says that God heard the cry of the lad. Amen. Watch what Peter said. He sees and he hears. And God heard the cry of this lad. Now I say this. The first time the angel saw her. And the second time he heard the cry of the lad. And I tell you this tonight or this morning, every person in this building that God's arm is not short and his ear is not heavy. If you have a need this morning, if you just cry out to the Lord, he can hear the cry of the righteous. If he could hear the cry of Ishmael, how much greater can he hear the voice of the bride of Jesus Christ this morning? Oh, I tell you this. Amen. That second appearance of that angel, you know, Amen. The first one she found out there was a whale of he that liveth and seeth me. And the second time he doesn't reannounce the whale. He just tells her to open up her eyes and that well is still bubbling. And I say this, I know, Amen. Many people thinks this well somehow it goes dry. You know, you found it when you were in your toughest time and you were in your greatest trouble and then and then 10 years later or 15 years later, you come to a real dry time in your life and the enemy says you're going to die in this desert. You're just going to dry up and fade away. Amen. But there's a story in the Bible to remind you the same well you drank from that gave you the Holy Ghost is right here in this building right now. There's a well there's a fountain opened in the house of David and your eyes may not see it but the visitation of an angel will open up your eyes that the same well that was in the Bible is in this building this morning. And there's water running from the rock all across this building right now. Oh yes sir. It's a second appearance of that angel. He is him that liveth and he that seeth me. Hallelujah. Abraham saw angels when they come to the tent door. One of them was God himself. &gt;&gt; Two of them were just angels that went down to Sodom. Amen. Those angels were there to warn of oncoming judgments. Those angels had spoke to Lot and Sodom and dealt with them. But one of those angels had talked to Abraham and and he knew their names, but he was there inspiring them in the supernatural. Isn't it amazing? When angels appear, they don't come for the purpose of natural things. Angels don't appear among you or inspire you towards a natural thing. They're there to inspire you to believe for the impossible things. There Abraham and Sarah was old in their body, but there's an angel saying to them, you may be old, but you're going to have a child anyhow because all things are possible to God. You see, without without God, things are impossible, but with God, all things are possible. And we see here, we see an angel appearing. Now, watch those angels appearing to the heirs of salvation. You'll see a pattern. You see it here, amen, with Eleazar. When when Abraham gets ready for his son Isaac to take a wife, he don't go down and he don't send Isaac down. He sends Eleazar down. God's way of choosing a bride for his son was to send a faithful servant. &gt;&gt; My ain't you glad to know that he sent a faithful servant in this age? Because that's God's way of choosing a bride. You say, "How do I know I'm bride?" Because God chose me his faithful way of choosing. He sent a servant to identify the right woman at the whale. &gt;&gt; My goodness. Amen. You You see this man, Eleazar had a great task. Can you imagine the richest man in the world who is your master said, "Go find my boy a wife." You talk about responsibility, brother. &gt;&gt; You talk about pressure. Now that's real pressure. Amen. You get this wrong. I could see this going really bad. &gt;&gt; Amen. Go get my boy a wife. And you know how picky young men are. You know, you know, a lot of these poor little girls can't hardly get married. Now, &gt;&gt; another note, Eleazar comes down there. Now, he knows it's going to be bad, but he says to uh Abraham before he leaves, "Now prevention, the woman will not follow me." And he said unto him, "The Lord before whom I walk will send his angel with thee, and he will prosper thy way." Amen. You know why this man decided he would go down after that wife? Because the angel that brought Abraham to his land was going to go in front of him to choose a wife. In other words, it wouldn't be the choice of the faithful servant. It would be the faithful servant following the angel who was doing the choosing. and inspiring responses. When the when the Bible tells us here, it tells us about the great prayer. You talk about a prayer meeting. Eleaser had a prayer meeting on the way. Amen. He began to talk to the Lord about the seedline of Abraham and how he didn't want to make the wrong choices. And he said, "Lord, I'm going to go up to this well, and when I go up to this well, I'm going to stand there, and it shall come to pass when the virgins come to draw water." Now, there's a lot of beautiful types here. Amen. It's in the evening time when the virgins come to draw water is when Abraham's servant is at the well to choose a wife. When they're all coming to the water, I will draw for thy camels. And let the same woman who the Lord has appointed to be my master's son. So now he says, the white girl for Isaac will be responsive in this way. &gt;&gt; He says, this is what she'll do before I'm done speaking. Behold, he says, I will say to them a a little water of thy picture to drink, and she will say to me both, drink, and I will give for thy camels. Let the same be the woman whom the Lord had appointed out of the master's son. And while he had done speaking in his heart, Rebecca came with her picture on her shoulder. And she sat down at the well and drew water. And I said unto her, "Let me drink, I pray thee." And she made haste and let down her pitcher from her shoulder and said, "Drink, and I will give thy camels to drink also." And she made the camels to drink. Now, now he did not tell her what to say, but something in her had inspired her to say the exact words that would qualify her as the bride of Abraham's son. Now, now, now, Brother Brandham tells us the mystery behind this. How many knows the mystery behind how she knew the right thing to say? But Abraham said the angel that had brought Abraham to that land and that had sent Eleesar was a half hour out in front of him and she had and he had already been dealing with Rebecca before Rebecca met Eleazar. So that when the two of them come together, she knew just how to respond to the message of Eleazar. Oh, I tell you something. today. Nobody told us how to accept this message. Nobody told us how to believe it. Matter of fact, they said, "You shouldn't believe it." But something on the inside of our hearts said, "We believe that word. We believe that message." And not only would we water that prophet, Amen. We started watering the camels that brought him. Amen. You say, "Preacher, water the camels." Yes, sir. That's watering them with your praise. Amen. Amen. And I'll say this this morning. The power of the Holy Ghost brought this message to the earth. Amen. And I say, if we're going to go home on the power of the Holy Ghost and we are to water the thing that's going to carry us, how do I water it? We begin to praise the Lord. I tell you this, the camel carrying me, it's not going to die of thirst, brother. Amen. I am going to praise the Lord and empower the spirit that carries me. It'll carry me out of depression. It'll carry me out of family situations. I say get on your camel. Amen. And ride into the presence of almighty God. It will not be organizational power. It will not be tribulation power. It won't be pressure that makes this bride go. It'll be the power of God that carries this bride into the rapture. [Applause] Brother, I believe it. I believe when you begin to praise God, I believe the very thing that's going to change our body begins to move in the church, &gt;&gt; what did he say? The same spirit that raised Jesus from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies. Y'all know I'm telling you the truth. That spirit going to get a hold of you and it's going to carry you out of this world. I refuse to let the camels that's going to carry me die at the door &gt;&gt; of skepticism and criticism and dry. Can you imagine the our our power that's supposed to carry us? Can you imagine it being being thirst to death because somebody said, "Well, you shouldn't praise him." Well, angel might not have angel might not have geared you that way, &gt;&gt; but he inspired me that way. &gt;&gt; He inspired me that way. Do you see that angel? Amen. It was it was it was moving in the seed of Abraham, the heirs of Abraham. Now, Jacob, a great seed of Abraham, remember when he gets the birthright and he begins to flee after his birthright, he crosses over and he's headed out of the country and he goes one night and lays down and the Bible said in a certain place he tried there and when he did he meant he took some stones and built himself a pillar and in the middle of the night he began to have a dream and he dreamed that there was a ladder that was connected to the heaven and to the earth. And while he looked upon that, he seen angels of God ascending and descending on it. Isn't that something that there is a connection between heaven and earth? Amen. That the angels of heaven can go up and down that ladder at any time. Do you ever hear Brother Bam talk about the angel and he said people say, "Well, heaven's a million miles away." He said, "It's not." &gt;&gt; He said, "How could that angel appear and disappear so quickly if it was that far away?" He said, "But the real truth of it is it's an dense a dimension just a little faster than this one so he can just open the curtain a little." Amen. What is it? He's telling you there is a connection between heaven and earth. It's called Jacob's ladder. And Jacob saw it in the dream. He saw him going up and down that ladder. Amen. Y'all know what he called it? Amen. When he got up from there, he stacked it all up and he said, "This is going to be called the gate of heaven." Amen. This will be the place called the gate of heaven, and I will call its name Bethl. And right there, he be to realize that he had a ladder. Do y'all believe God still got a ladder? &gt;&gt; He still got Jacob's ladder. Brother Brandham said it like this. I pray he let the angels of heaven come down off of the ladder of Jacob. They take their positions now as soldiers. They take their post of duty, setting every place, every corner, every place. Take their right positions. And may they not leave the building until the revival is over. I said, "Glory be to God. God's got a way to pack this building full of the angels of God this morning." Listen, you may have come with a need, but the angel of deliverance is here. You say, "Well, I got a need. The angel of healing is here." You say, "Well, Brother Wayne, amen. I don't know what to do." The angel to inspire you, amen, to move toward the supernatural is in this building right now. And I pray they don't leave till the revival is over. Can we take it another level? I believe the angels of God have come into this message. Amen. And they won't leave until this revival is over. I'm talking about this bride's revival. Amen. The angels of the Lord will stay with this bride until the revival is over. And this revival won't end until there's a change of the body. And brother, we're going to go up that ladder with the angels into another dimension. Amen. Just like Enoch left the earth. We're going to leave this earth right up that ladder. Brother, you say we're going to get We're already on the ladder. We already got started. When God filled us with the Holy Ghost, we got up on that ladder and brother Bram said he had angels to bear thee up. In other words, you're on a ladder you can't fall off of. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; This ladder is not going to tip over. You're a painter. When you go to set a ladder on the bottom, you got to make sure it's all level and ain't no mud holes and ain't no problems. Brother Ram said, "God put Jesus Christ on the earth and he hooked the ladder in the solid rock of Jesus Christ and the other end is hooked into the heavens and if you ever get on that ladder, you can't fall off. He's got angels to bear you up. You You might fall back a rung, but brother, you'll never fall off. You might you might backslide a little. You might get a little discouraged, but God's got an angel to pack you back into the presence of God. Once you get the baptism of the Holy Ghost, there ain't no devil. There ain't no power. There ain't no nothing can keep the child of God from going in the rapture. everything we have need of. How you know you're going? I'm already on the ladder, brother. I'm walking an Enoch walk. You're a little discouraged. God's got an angel this morning. Say, "Come on, Idia." Amen. He's got an angel. Come on. Come on. Come on now. You can make it a little higher. Little higher. Little higher. And after a little while, amen, we're going to go to another body. &gt;&gt; Why don't everybody else know about it? Well, Romeo, he slipped that ladder up to Julieta. &gt;&gt; Well, this ladder didn't slip up to you. It slipped down to your window. &gt;&gt; And Jesus is pulling this church back up on back up on this ladder. Now, Jacob on his way back. He's seen that on the way out and he's on his way back. I like that feeling. Don't you? He's on his way. He's a little scared of meeting his brother. He needs to He needs a little furtherance. Amen. He needs a little something to help him meet his brother as he's a little worried about how things are going to go. Amen. And the Bible says, Amen. And Jacob in Genesis 32 and1 and verse two, beautiful reading. And Jacob went on his way and the angels of God met him. And when Jacob saw them, he said, "This is God's host." And he called the name of that place Mahanim. Now, think about this. Mahanim. Now, Amen. Y'all forgive me, but this about this is about place where I need to clear the altar a little while. Amen. You know what that word mahanium means? It means two camps. He saw he said this place is called two camps because he knew there was a camp of angels and there was his camp. He knew there was a natural camp and he knew there was another camp. He's on his way back. But he realizes here, amen, that some of them off of that ladder has come down and made a camp right here next to me. Now he's sitting here. He's sitting here getting ready now to go into this great battle. Amen. He sends all of his beloveds away and he sends all the gifts out and then here comes one of them men out of that camp. Amen. And the Bible says he saw a man down by the river. Amen. And the Bible tells us that Jacob went over there and got a hold of that angel and decided to rrestle it out. You know what that means? He recognized his moment of opportunity had come. He recognized what's in front of me can change me. I I maybe have wandered all over this land. But right at this very moment, there is something within hand grasp that when I leave the bank of this river, I will never be the same Jacob anymore. And when he got a hold of it, brother Oh, Brother Bam said, "God's got an agent like that tonight." He said, "If you ever get a hold of it, don't you let go of it. You begin to get a Amen." You know why people let go of it? Because they don't believe what they got a hold of. But I tell you what, you ever get a God called preacher in the pull pit and he'll tell you that that spirit that's moving around you right now, that inspiration that moves through this building, that that's called the Holy Ghost. And if you'll reach out and get a hold of that, don't you let go of that until the deliverance in your life comes, until your healing comes, until the blessing comes under your life. Hey, can you imagine getting a hold of that and beginning to wrestle? And he's wrestling because because he knows I got a hold of what's going to change me because my name is Jacob and I'm a deceiver. I'm living two lives. I'm deceiving people. I'm not what I'm supposed to be. And I know I'm not what I'm supposed to be. I'm one thing in the church. I'm something else at home. I'm one thing when I'm with my friends. I'm something else when I'm in my car. Amen. But right in the presence of Jacob on the bank of that river was one that could change him from Jacob to Israel, a prince with God. And there's a changer in this house right now. You can reach out and get a hold of him. And you can change your name. Amen. From depression to joy. From bound to delivered. From lost to saved. You could change your name from Baptist to Christian. You can change your name from Amish to Holy Ghost filled. You can move from a Menite to a son of God. If you just get a hold of the angel this morning, he'll change you. I know what I'm talking about. You can leave here this morning and thy name shall not be called deceiver. You'll call a prince with God. Somebody that's wrestled it out. You know how you know them? They walk different. &gt;&gt; Sure. Don't you walk the same and tell me you got the Holy Ghost. Don't you walk in the same old barrooms. Don't you walk in the same old nonsense. Don't you go to the club on Saturday night in church on Sunday morning and tell me that you've got a hold of the angel. If the angel ever gets a hold of you, he will change you. He will change your name. He'll change the way you walk. He'll change the way you talk. And he could even get along with his brother after that. &gt;&gt; Touched him. &gt;&gt; That old man got touched. What happened to you, Jacob? I I've been with the angel. I got I got touched. Amen. They didn't have to ask if something happened to him. They didn't have to ask. His walk told him something happened to Jacob. What was it? I tell you what it was. I went down to that full gospel lighthouse and they were having a meeting over Labor Day weekend and there was something that was loosening that building. I got a hold of it and it changed my name. It made me look different, act different, walk different. Psychology will never do it for you. Intellectuals will never do it for you. But one wrestling with the angel of almighty God, [Applause] &gt;&gt; not Jacob, Israel. &gt;&gt; Change your name, change your walk, change the way you talk. &gt;&gt; Cuz you done some wrestling. &gt;&gt; So, Brother Wayne, how do you know about it? Cuz I did it. I did it. Somebody preached the promises of I remember my old pastor, brother Dave Morris, happened to be my uncle. He preached the promise of the Holy Ghost. I think they preached it every Sunday and every Wednesday for months when I first got saved. And I wanted it and I knew it had to be real because I could see it in the Bible and I could hear it in the promise. But I needed something. I still chewing backer. &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. that that ring in your pocket ain't gum. We know that. I still chewing backer. I still wanted a cigarette. I still would have liked to had a beer. I just wasn't doing it. But I really would like to have one. And I knew that if I didn't get that out of my heart that that wouldn't be Amen. about a week after I got out of church, I was going to be right back where I was because I was a real sinner and I had a real pull from the world on me. Amen. But when I got in that altar, I got to pray him one night and I said, "Lord, I got to have more than just somebody shaking my hand. I got to have more than some preacher telling me, you're going to be okay." Don't tell the kid they're going to be okay. Tell them to get in the presence of God and then they'll be okay. I'm telling you, young person, you ain't okay until you wrestled it out with God's angel. Until you change that heart. And I remember it. People don't want me telling it. They don't want me talking about it. But let me tell you what happened to me. I got down in an old altar with holes in the bottom of my boots. And I prayed through. Amen. Until a p a ball of fire rolled off of that altar and I seen it with my own eyes and it hit me about right here. And I got drunker. I probably shouldn't tell this, but I was drunker right then than I was when I was drinking White Lightning. Amen. Ricardi 151 ain't got nothing on a real revival Holy Ghost fililled son of God. I remember getting drunk. I remember getting slain in the spirit. But I had a hold of the angel of God. And I want you to know it's real. It's real. It's real. And it can change your life this morning. Don't you let no educator educate you out of it. Don't let you let no doctrine of divinity talk you out of it. It's your experience. &gt;&gt; It's your experience. Don't let somebody tell you what it ought to be. &gt;&gt; People used to get an interview with brother Brandham, you know, and somebody say, "Well, don't ask him this and ask him that and don't say this and do say that." Hey, man. You know what? It's my time. That's right. &gt;&gt; Well, don't you ask the Lord for that and don't you ask for that experience and don't you ask me? Amen. Hey, look. Look, this is my time. &gt;&gt; And just so happens that God has made a promise in this age. &gt;&gt; We are at a junction of time. And in junctions of time, miracles and angels and anointings and powers begin to fill this earth. Why is there so much demonology? Why is the devil everywhere? Why is he in every phone, in every computer, on every television screen? Amen. But if the devil is running rampant, what about the heavenly host of God? He ought to be in every meeting. He ought to be in every sermon. He ought to be in every book we read. I say, "Fill us, Lord. Fill us with a supernatural God." [Applause] I have had enough of dead religion. I want to see the God of Abraham break out upon the children of God. It's a promise. You know, every time God has revival, there is an intellectual side that's going to come against it. So when somebody tells you you're fanatical, &gt;&gt; when somebody tells you, "Oh, this revival is ridiculous." &gt;&gt; You just read where Moab had a king named Bailo and hired a man named Balum who was fundamentally the same as Moses, but just didn't believe in the supernatural side. I am not refuting that some of these men are message believers, but I am refuting that they have lost the identity of true Christianity. &gt;&gt; They have received spiritual amnesia and they have forgot what happened on the day of Pentecost. They have forgot what happened in in Acts chapter 4. They forgot what happened in South Africa. They forgot what happened in California. They forgot how God visited this generation. &gt;&gt; Forget the dead religion. &gt;&gt; We can have an experience with God. &gt;&gt; Now, Balam wrote his mule. He had a way hired to prophesy against God's elect. Isn't that something? Now, Brother Rodney, it wasn't that there wasn't problems. And and I'm just going to be real straight with y'all. Look, if you're in the message of the hour and you're expecting to come to my church, Brother Tim's church, Brother Ron's church, we'll even throw brother Donny's church in. He's not here, but he would agree. &gt;&gt; You're going to see some things you don't like. But I want you to say, see, and understand, God sees the same thing you see. &gt;&gt; But he can't see what you're looking at because he's looking through the blood. &gt;&gt; So, don't God see? He could see, but the blood is in between him. And you can hire all the preachers you want to to prophesy against me, &gt;&gt; but God can't see the critic's view of you. &gt;&gt; And when Balam was on his ride to do it, God sent an angel to stop him. &gt;&gt; Draw his sword. Don't go on this trail. &gt;&gt; Don't get on a trail of condemning men of God. The angel said, "Get off that mule." &gt;&gt; Come on, sons of God. You don't belong on a mule riding against God's supernatural children. Get off of the mule and get back in the Bible and remember the God of Abraham that has saved you and sanctified you and filled you with the Holy Ghost. Well, Brother Wayne, there's all kinds of fanaticism. There will always be fanaticism, but we're going to worship God in the middle of the fanaticism. It's always going to be there. &gt;&gt; Brother Wayne, you better be careful talking about the angel because you don't know what kind of fanaticism. Amen. Do you think Brother Brandon was careful about talking about it? &gt;&gt; No. Well, now that that's off my chest, &gt;&gt; Gideon himself had gotten into the place where he was going to hide and do his work. I'm just going to get back here and hide because these Medianites made it really rough on us. Well, the Bible says the angel of the Lord found him in his hiding. &gt;&gt; And when he found him, he didn't say, "Oh, hello there, hider. How you doing, thou weak one?" &gt;&gt; He said, "How are you, thy mighty man of valor?" [Applause] Who Who you talk Who you talking to? I'm talking to you, &gt;&gt; brother Timothy. I'm talking to you. &gt;&gt; I know the feelings to hide. I know all about it. It's easier to pull back and let them all have their way. Amen. But there's an angel that appeared in this age. And he said, "Thou are a mighty man of valor." &gt;&gt; Oh yeah. Yeah. You You never had no battles unless you're a preacher, then you know them. And only a preacher knows that statement truth. &gt;&gt; Thou mighty man of valor. Now, now, now he had already decided that the Medionites were undefeable, especially with his army and his ability. But here was a message of his greatness. It's easier to believe the bad. Y'all know that. Somebody says, "Well, you're just ugly and no good." Do you know how much easier that is to believe than you're a good-looking old boy? &gt;&gt; It's easier to say for me, too. But it's harder to believe the good. You humble. You humble yourself to the bad. That's I remember when I first started fellowshipping brother Ron. Amen. He He saw something more in me than I saw in me. Sincerely. And he would, brother Ron, he'd always compliment my sermons. I finally told him one day, I said, "As long as you and my mom are alive, I'm all right." So, I've been praying for him. He'd be saying, "That's one of the greatest sermons I ever heard." And I'm feeling like, "Oh, God." But he don't lie. He don't lie. But God will lead people into your life. He will lead supernatural presences in your life that they believe in you when you don't believe in you. &gt;&gt; They'll inspire you for the greater part of you. I always like your story. I'm going to steal your story right here. I think it was Muhammad Ali, wasn't it? That his that his coach, he said he's a great fighter. He said, "I just have to remind him as a champion. That's all I do." See, a real good coach don't have to make you. They have the ability to pick the right people and they start encouraging because they know there's something on the inside. This angel didn't change Gideon. He just told him who he really was. &gt;&gt; And there's an inspiration in this message that is coming to this hour. It'll tell you who you really are. It'll tell you what you're really about, what you're really supposed to do. you you're not just a nobody. You're a mighty man, a mighty woman of almighty God. And by divine direction, he said, "Amen." He's sitting there with the prophet's message in his heart. How many ever heard this? If God be with us, where's the miracles? Brother Bram said, Gideon was at the wine press and the message of that prophet that had just visited him was coming across his heart and he said, "Then the Lord appeared to him." &gt;&gt; You don't think the angel don't stay with this message? You take what brother Brandham says and start meditating on it. And while he was meditating on that prophet's message, the Lord came to him and vindicated what he had heard was the truth. &gt;&gt; I'll tell you this, there's something that'll vindicate this to you. That you can take 300 men, Amen. and destroy that entire uh Medianite army. I believe it was when they went into the battle, what did they cry? He said, "The sword of the Lord &gt;&gt; and of Gideonss." &gt;&gt; It wasn't just, "Oh, I tell you what, brother Random had that sword in his hand and it was the third pull and the word was opened up and I say, "Amen." It was the sword of the Lord and Wayne Lawson's and Tim Puit and Ron Spencer's and Nathan's and you, Brother Aaron, and you, Brother Aaron. Amen. It's not brother Matthew just somebody else's sword. It's my sword. And I say, devil, you ought to back up because a children of God has a sword. &gt;&gt; There was a there was a there was a video floating around here a while back and I don't know if I should tell it. I'm Brother Ron. It's okay. And there's a there's a couple old boys getting drunk and they were drinking in this in this room, Brother Joe. And that one old boy had a sword and he was drunk. He was stugger. And the other boy had the idea to put an apple on his nose and he laid back and the guy's supposed to cut the apple. Well, he missed because you don't give a drunk man a sword and expect him not to do some damage. Amen. And when the church of the living God begins to drink the wine of the stimulation of the revelation of God, she's holding a sharp two-edged sword. And brother, she'll go to cutting the devil. She'll go to cutting him every which way. Amen. He I tell you what I tell you what you can't beat up. You know they got these karate guys and as long as you take the karate they'll tell you. So you got to stand like this and amen. As long as you do that they could they can take you but they but they don't know what to do with an idiot. You know a street fighter cuz I just clobber you. I just run in and start swinging. There's no form. There's no fashion. I'm not a sword fighter. Amen. I tell you what. I'm a clobber. Pick up your sword and clobber that devil. Just clber him. Hit him and hit him and hit him till he goes to backing up from you. [Applause] It's your sword, young man. &gt;&gt; It's your sword, brother. &gt;&gt; Can you imagine when Arthur pulled that out of that rock? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; How can he get that sword in his hand? Cuz he was born to it, brother. &gt;&gt; That's right. And this bride's born to it. &gt;&gt; That sword stuck in the rock of Revelation, it won't fit in any hand, but it'll fit in the hand of the bride of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; And when she pulls it out, you better look out. &gt;&gt; She's armed and dangerous. [Applause] She's armed and she's dangerous. &gt;&gt; Can you imagine what it was like at your birth? Can you imagine when you were being born into the heavens and you come right out into this earth? Do you imagine what was going on around you? Do you think it was just special when brother Brandon was born or when Jesus was born or when Moses was born? You are the very wife, the royal seed of the lamb of God. And the day you were born, Amen. angelic host filled the room. Amen. To see the birth. &gt;&gt; Now y'all, I'm not out of the Bible now. Cuz when Samson got ready to come, God sent an angel to his barren mother. &gt;&gt; And a woman didn't even think she'd have a child cuz she was barren. that angel visited her home &gt;&gt; and told her she was going to have a child and she went and told her husband and he didn't want to believe it. She said, "But an angel met me out there in the field." He said, "Well, I'd like to talk to him myself." So, she went and asked the Lord to send him back. And one day, she walks out and that same angel was back out in that field. She run and got her husband. They went out there and talked to him. Now, I want you to notice something here because they ask him what his name was and he said, "It's a secret." Why you ask me my name? Some people say, "Well, Brother Brandham really met an angel. Why didn't he know his name?" Because the Bible said when Samson's mother met him. Brother Brandham wasn't trying to deceive you. &gt;&gt; No different than Samson's mother was. Didn't tell the name because it was a secret. &gt;&gt; Amen. And when the supernatural birth, Amen, was being told that's what it was coming for, supernatural birth of Samson. And they went over and made an altar. And when they made that altar and sacrifice, the fire came down and consumed the altar. And the Bible said the angel went with the fire. &gt;&gt; That man telling you that you're about to have a child. When that fire struck that altar, it went up with the fire. &gt;&gt; God's fire brings them and they move in the fires of God. &gt;&gt; I talked to brother Billy Paul Brandham one time. I was studying angels and uh although I'm not preaching all of it this morning, I did an unde really in-depth study years back and went through every quote in every direction that you could look at an angel and but I thought of brother Billy Paul because he seen brother Bram's angel and brother Brandham identified that he's seen the same angel. You know what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; So, so I called him and I said, "Brother Billy, I'd like to talk to you about that angel." It was a miracle I could get through to him, but he took time and talked to me and he told me all about it. I said, "Well, let me let me hear about it." He said, "Well, brother," he said, "Brother Brand brought me up and it was standing in the corner of the room." He held a pillow in my face and told me, he said, "Now, I'm going to take this pillow away and you're going to see this angel that comes to you, Dad." He said, "I could show you." When he took the pillow away, he said, "There was a man standing in the corner." He said he was just like dad describes him on the tape. He said he was just the way Daddy had described him. And he said, "Of course, I couldn't talk. I was so scared and frightened." He said he stood there a little while and he said, "Brother Wayne, he turned into a mist and just went out the window." He said, "Literally, he just turned into a mist and went from a from a man to a mist and just went out the window." And he said, "Where he had been standing in the room for the next half hour, a rainbow hung in the corner of our room in the middle of the night." Do you see that? That angel is real. And you see the very the very characteristics all the way back in the scriptures when you start talking about this because see we're living in special moments as brother uh brother Tim so wonderfully brought us into the Elijah ministry last night. Do you think this ministry of Elijah is less than the ministry of Elijah on the earth when he was there maybe 3,000 years ago? No. There was no there's no there's no nothing less about the message than it was back in the old. Amen. And the Bible tells us that our Elijah today, how many knows he had a real nervous problem? &gt;&gt; His stomach stayed all sire and tore up and and and and and it was due to his nerves. And how many knows, brother Bam actually had to leave the field one time for several days because he was so so he was got so nervous. Brother Bram, he said he actually had a a nervous breakdown. Sure. So So there was a there was a bit of a complex around that Elijah ministry. And brother Bram says in First Kings chapter 19, you're reading about Elijah. And when Elijah, he has a he has a breakdown because he's been battling with this Jezebel and and there's been such a war between the two of them and they won't repent and he's just preaching and preaching and preaching. And brother Brandham explains it in his own ministry and he says, "I would preach it like that and I'll come back next year." And he said, "It's just the same." He said, "Or it gets worse." And he said he just got so nervous and so tore up with this whole thing. And brother Bram explains this and and starts talking about him and why here's thou Elijah. See what happens with Elijah is he gets so he gets so tired. How many knows that when you get real nervous or anxious sometimes makes you real tired. People go to bed and they don't get up for days because they get so tired and so anxious. And brother Bham said he was so tired. He was so weary from the battle that he was walking up the hill and just fell over in the weeds. Now that's that's how tired he was. He just fell over in the weeds and said, "I'll just lay here a little while. I just I'm just tired. I'm too tired to get up." And so he just began to lay there. But see, amen. even falling in the weeds of that wilderness. There's scorpions and snakes and there's every kind of hyena and and there's uh actually snow leopards and and jaguars and there's all kinds of big cats and they're there in those wildernesses. I think even during that time it talks about lions. You know, David had whipped lions in that area. So, there's all kinds of animals there. But isn't it amazing that nothing touched Elijah? &gt;&gt; That he just without care, without picking the right spot, just fell over in the weeds and started sleeping. Amen. But there wasn't one spider. There wasn't one snake. There wasn't one alligator. There wasn't one jaguar. There wasn't one lion. There wasn't one elephant there. Amen. You can sit here for a week and name the animals. Nothing could touch him. Because when that son of God fell over in them weeds and began to relax, Amen. Brother Ram said there was about 10,000 angels watching him. &gt;&gt; That's a lot of folk. That's a lot bigger than the than the secret service around the president. You know, &gt;&gt; there's one assurance the believers have. Though the world turns you down, God loves you. And the world may call you a holy roller and they may call you a fanatic. But if you're true to God, God loves you and the angels are encamped about those who fear him. &gt;&gt; I love how he says it here. He says, "I'd imagine on every limb." All around through that place was swarms of angels. And God came down and said, "My poor tired servant, he's so nervous and so tore up and he don't know what to do. I want to pick out one of those angels standing there with the softest hands. Don't you love it, brother Matthew? God lined up 10,000 angels and he went through and took his time, his godly efforts, and I'm sure he's very sensitive. And he said, "Let me feel let me feel your hands. I I want to I want to feel for the for 10,000." And he he's feeling for that one just that that one angel, you know. I want I want to feel I want to feel that softness. I want to feel something that could take a nervous man. Amen. And and and touch his brow. I I want I I want to find that soft, brother Joe. I want to find that hand that can deal with a nervous problem on one of my sons or one of my servants. And they they have such a touch that they can bring comfort and they can bring a a peace into a nervous heart. Amen. And there Elijah lays and God is doing the choosing of what's going to deal with him. And he says to them angels, 10,000 of you get down there. You strike up the bands. I want some sleeping music for my boy. I want you, boy. You with the softest hands. I want you. Only job you got now, brother Aaron. Just one job. The only job you got, Amen, is just brow. Just Just touch the brow. I That's all. Just one job now. Amen. And just touch that. Touch that brow. Amen. And I want you to put him to sleep. That's what I want out of you. Do you see God think so much of his children? Amen. That he would go through the efforts of picking out one angel in the heavens to just follow you around and just pet your brow. You all know what I'm talking about. When you lay down at night and you're so weary with the bills and the troubles and mama, you got children trouble and you don't know what to do and there three of them sick and you got church tomorrow and did I stay home or do I go to church or what do I do? Amen. God sends that angel in there and he begins to pet that brow and he begins to hum over you. Amen. And tell you all night, all day angels are watching over you, my son. All night, all day, angels are watching over you. He sees that time when you're in your weariest. Brother Brother Ron, when you're in that area of discouragement, God has got an angel that all he's got to do is come down at the house and he'll say, "Listen, Sister Connie, move over a minute. You're soft, but I got something softer. I want to touch my son. I want to I want to put him in a sleep where he can relax his spirit. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Hey, while they're playing music and while you're while you're getting his brow, hey, put the five-star cooks on, we got to put we got to cook something up for this young man. and they start dropping them supernatural vitamins in there that could take a man with stage four cancer four years into it. He can get up and walk three miles. It ain't medication, brother. It's a supernatural element that God puts in his food and able that gives strength to the weary. I'm telling you, God has got angels food. It'll give strength to the weary. If you ain't sleeping at night, let me tell you, God's got some angels to put around your bed. I ain't pulling it tear strange. But when you're wary, brother Tim, and you're at that house by yourself. Amen. Brother man told us what it was like when he lost his wife. It actually put him in the third pull one time because he was so lonely. But listen, there's no reason because God has got an angel to send down and pet the brow of our brother Tim and just remind him she's over here with us, brother Tim. She's better off today than she was when she was here on the earth. So, Brother Wayne, you're taking this too far. Brother Bam said God is not a respector of person. And he said, "The same angel he had for Elijah, he's got for you." &gt;&gt; Well, how does God spread out all these angels? It's cuz he's got a lot of them. &gt;&gt; God ain't angel poor, folks. &gt;&gt; God ain't got to call people and figure out who's going to who's going to pick this up and who's going to take that. And we got five coming in to Ron Oak. We got two coming into Harrisonburg. And we need somebody to get somebody to the hotel. We need God ain't ain't got just five drivers &gt;&gt; when Elisha and Gahesa were in the cabin down there and Elisha had made the Syrian army mad. Y'all remember that? &gt;&gt; Because the Syrian army said, "We surely got us a spy among us." And somebody said, "Oh no, they got a prophet among them. The spying hears the prophet is there. So, you know what they decided to do? We'll kill the prophet. We'll destroy the prophet and we'll destroy Israel. Now, if you've ever wondered why that bunch of anti- message people, those critics can get on YouTube and every which way and just try their best to kill and slay and murder brother Brandham. &gt;&gt; You know why they do that awful stuff? Because we got all of their secrets. We know where the devil's going to strike before he strikes. &gt;&gt; We know his methods. I loved how brother Tim said it last night. He trailed that serpent. &gt;&gt; You know, a good tracker is a good guide. A good guide is a good tracker. Brother Brandham was a best of guides. But he also was a tracker. And they say of a good tracker, he could track a snake across the rock. And Brother Brandham could track that snake all across the the church. And he could show you his spirit and where he went and what he did and this and that. But they want to destroy the prophet. But that's not the purpose. &gt;&gt; William Brandham is not their target. &gt;&gt; You are their target. &gt;&gt; But the seer is your defense. So if they can knock down your radar, your air defense system, then they can just bomb you. Well, I tell you this, you ain't bombing my house. You ain't bombing my church. We're going to keep our radar. We're going to keep our vision. We're going to keep our prophet. He knows that devil and how he's coming and what his plans are. We're not giving it up. &gt;&gt; So they thought, "Well, we'll just take him then." So they come down there and y'all know the story. And the and the Syrian army come down there after Elisha and Gahesa looked over at him and said, "Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. What are we going to do? How are we going to get out of this? What they they're saying this about brother Brandham. They're saying this about brother Brandham. were saying this about how are we going to get out of this? And Elisha finally said, "Lord, would you open this boy's eyes? &gt;&gt; There's more with us &gt;&gt; than there is with them." &gt;&gt; And my Bible said when his eyes were opened up, he saw the mountains were full of the chariots of fire of Almighty God. It wasn't just a few. The mountains were full of them. Now, I will I will point out something here. Those angels never entered that battle. Those angels never done one thing in that battle other than encourage Gahesa. &gt;&gt; And sometimes God just opens your eyes to encourage you to let you know you're not by yourself in this battle. &gt;&gt; This is not just another message. It's a king's message. The mountains were on fire with the chariots of angels. Now, can we measure just a moment angels? In Matthew 26, Jesus himself said, "Think it not that my father that he shall presently give me more than 12 legions of angels." Now, 12 legions is a a numeral speaking of the Roman army. And what a legion actually represents, Amen. is it it represents here 12 legions. A legion is 6,000 soldiers. So he's talking about 72,000 angels that my father could see. Now 72,000. What's here this morning? 3 400 people. A lot of folk. 72,000. How many people's in Harrisonenburg? 72,000. You say, "Well, that's a lot of angels." But if you get the impact of the statement, it means more than that. Because I'm I I I like my Bible. How many likes your Bible? &gt;&gt; If you're a Bible reader, in First Kings chapter 19 and verse 35, there was a battle going on where they were trying to kill Hezekiah. And they said, "We're going to come into Jerusalem and destroy it." And Hezekiah wrote the took the letter that was sent to him to destroy him. And he and he went, excuse me, the king, it was Hezekiah sin, I believe. And the king went into the tabernacle and laid the letter from his enemy on the altar. And God said, "Don't you worry. Not one arrow will come into Jerusalem." And that night, one, somebody say one. &gt;&gt; One, &gt;&gt; one angel went into the camp of the enemy &gt;&gt; and slayed a 185,000 soldiers. One angel slayed 185,000 demons. [Applause] &gt;&gt; So when Jesus says, "I have 72,000 angels to send into the battle right now," what he's telling you is 72,000 times 185,000, I have ability right now to destroy 13 billion enemies in one prayer. There is only 8 billion people on the earth. He could destroy the earth two times with just one prayer with the amount of angels. Now, I tell you this, the devil can't wrestle up enough devils. When you put 300 believers together and you carry a company of angels of 72,000 around every believer in this message, you ain't got enough devils in hell to cover one of the children of God. [Applause] Brother, I tell you what, the devil don't realize what he's dealing with. We are the children of God. We come from heaven. We are the sons and the daughters of Abraham. So, Brother Wayne, do they just show up out now and again? Nope. &gt;&gt; My Bible said they camp with you &gt;&gt; all the time. If you want to win it in the scriptures, it's Psalms 34:7. The angel of the Lord encampeth about them that fear them. in Psalms chapter 91 and 11, one of his favorite scriptures, he shall give his angels charge over thee to keep thee in all thy ways, and they shall bear thee up in their hands unless thou dash thy foot against the stone. &gt;&gt; God's got those angels and they're camped wherever you're camped. I know devil hates this part. &gt;&gt; You can't outrun it, Sister Janet. There's a whole host of them carrying with you, you know. Amen. How do you go up and down that road sometimes? Amen. And you don't have no wreck and you don't have no flat tire and you don't have this. It ain't because the devil ain't shooting everything in hell at you. It's because there's angels guarding. How is it that you can get into terrific accidents, but you walk out of them? How is it that believers go into serious things, but they come out, okay? You are not just a natural people. You are the heir of salvation and God has a host, [Applause] brother Wayne. That's all Old Testament. No, brother. The New Testament is more full than the Old Testament. &gt;&gt; Well, should should should How many knows about John's dad? You ever read about John's dad, Zachcharias? Do y'all know what he was doing when angel came? &gt;&gt; He wasn't doing nothing special. He was just fulfilling the duties of a priest just like what I'm doing right now. He was just fulfilling his duty. He wasn't expecting nothing. He wasn't looking for nothing. He was just doing the God- called duty he had. And while he was doing that, God showed up and said, "There's going to be a supernatural birth in your home, and thou shalt call his name John." And he didn't want to believe it. &gt;&gt; But you know what God done? He shut up his mouth until the scriptures, amen, or the angel's words were fulfilled, amen, through Zachcharias because an angel was not moving him toward the natural. He was moving him toward the supernatural. &gt;&gt; Now, I'll say I'll say this right here this morning. You know, there's a devil out here in this world trying to take the womb of our mothers in this generation. &gt;&gt; Amen. And people are aborting children and they're trying to kill children. And some of our believing sisters are doing their best to have children. And sometimes they can't have children. But the same angel that come down here to Zachcharias is still moving in the church of the living God. [Applause] &gt;&gt; You can believe me or not believe me, but it's my testimony. &gt;&gt; I'm not talking about what I read. I'm talking about what happened to me. &gt;&gt; I had a I had a desire of a grandchild. I wanted a grandchild really bad. If my boy had to get married, Brother Timothy, I wanted a baby out of that mar. I mean, if we're going to get a if we're going to get a my boy's going to get married, I I got to have a grandbaby out of this. &gt;&gt; It's the reward for not killing your children. They say, [Applause] "I let him live so I could have a grandbaby." And they and they were misaring and miscaring and misaring and they got to talking about her having disease and some kind of a that sounded bad. They they had some kind of a a a physical ailment, a problem that run their family line. She wasn't going to be able to have children and and and I watched her go from from maybe every couple months I would see the depression hit her when she would when she would realize that it wasn't going to happen. And and it was happening and happening. We were praying and we were asking God and I was sitting in a meeting and brother Ron would come in one October I believe it was and he come down there and and and she come up for prayer and when she came up I said something in my heart to the Lord I said if Zach would come up with her I I believe it means something and Zach got up and come and joined her and they walk up to brother Ron and they asked I don't remember exactly how they asked it but he told you the situation said we'd like to have a child and brother Ron began to pray for them just like we all do you know if somebody comes to you and you pray. You know, sometimes you minister to somebody. Amen. And and and you're just ministering. You're talking. You're praying. That's just me. That's just Brother Ron. That's just a believer. You're you're you're taking what you know about the word and you're ministering to him. Amen. And I've stood next to Brother Ron in prayer line after prayer line and we've seen that and I've did it and he's did it. But something changed in that prayer line. And all of a sudden, he said, "Sister, you're going to have that child." And I went, "Oh, wait a minute. That's different. Something just changed here. And then later I came down here and preached. How many remembers it? We we clipped it. We clipped the video. Amen. And I said, you know, I'm going to be a granddaddy. And I said, and you go see the video. And I said, I don't have no pregnancy test, but I got faith. &gt;&gt; And brother Ron was sitting right there where you are, Brother William. And he cried out and he said, "Brother Wayne, that's thus saith the Lord." &gt;&gt; Amen. And I went home and about uh maybe six, eight weeks, six months later, I don't remember. Zachariah and and and Amen. And here's why. Uh I was there at the house one day and and I I seen that Anna come up out of the basement there and man, she was just weeping. And I seen her go over and talk to Chissa and Chissa was just weeping. And I just went out the house and I took a little walk and took a jog and I was telling the Lord, I said, "Lord, I wanted that baby. These kids can't take no more disappointments. It's just too much. Now, if if some of you if you if you really love somebody, that's a hard thing for a person. And I was just explaining to the Lord that we just can't take another disappointment, Lord. And I really was trusting this would be the time. And I felt real bad. I got back to the house and Anna and Chrissa came up. Anna hands me a card and it's a crazy pregnancy test. She's announcing she gonna have a baby. That crying, that crying wasn't a miscarriage. That crying was we was about to have a baby and she was overjoyed. Brother, my crying turned to joy. My mourning turned to rejoicing. An angel got involved in human affairs and I got a grandbaby. Not just one. I got five of them today because God gets involved. &gt;&gt; Brother Jason, God got involved with Bryce and Stephanie. That last boy, you remember you was probably in the meeting. I was preaching and I was preaching along and I was talking about Mary and Sarah. And I said, "God changed Sarah's body and he gave Mary a virgin birth." And I was looking right at Stephanie and I didn't know why. And I said, "And God could change your body and give you what you have need of." And about a year later, she come and visited the church. She said, "Here's that baby you said I could have." I said, "I said you could have it." She said, "Well, while you was preaching, you spoke it right to me." I said, "Well, I didn't know it, but God knew it because he gets involved. [Applause] I don't know where Cheyenne's at in here, but Cheyenne and Nathan wasn't supposed to be able to have no more babies, but God told him he was going to have a little baby boy. And he come through a prayer line down there at Nathan Bryce. And we laid hands on him. And when he left there, he said, "God's touched me tonight, Brother Wayne." And just a little while later, he had his little girl, Rosie. And it wasn't just a little while, he had his little boy, Reed. And they're right here. You know why? Because God got involved, an angel got involved in human affairs. I told that story on a platform in 2021 at Cloverdale Bible Way. And there was a brother sitting on the piano, Brother Ryan, who had went through miscarriage after miscarriage after miscarriage. And while he was sitting there and I was telling these stories, something in his heart said, "You'll have a child and thou shalt call his name Samuel." The next year, I went back and dedicated that baby. You know why? Because God got involved in human affairs. That same angel is in this building right now. He is not a respector of persons. If you're a child of God, [Applause] you said, "Brother Wayne, you've lost your mind." No, I've not. I've not lost my mind, y'all. Y'all, I am so scriptural. &gt;&gt; If you take your Bible, you would have to be crazy to not believe what I am saying. Amen. &gt;&gt; Mary met an angel and it prompted her to believe that a woman could have a child without knowing a man. &gt;&gt; Angels propped shepherds that they would worship him when he was born. Angels ministered to Jesus while he was in the wilderness. In John the 5th chapter, even in the presence of the physical body of Jesus, angels were still appearing. Now, I'm in the Bible. Now, one of the great one of the great scriptures that Brother Bam discusses how one person could be healed and others are not healed is the pool of Bethesda. Remember that? &gt;&gt; And he said that when in John chapter 5, there was a pool. Anybody ever been to that pool of Bethesda? Have you been there? I've actually been to that pool. It's It's not a real elegantl looking place. It's just a It's just a hole in the ground, but pool, but it's important to us because an angel visited that place. Now, I went there and it's something else. We had this woman uh tour guide. She was a real educated lady. She was educated in the Old Testament. She was a Jew. She had PhD and doctorates of every which kind and psychology and uh geology and something uh every which kind of that you could have. She had it. She was a real educated lady. And when we come out to pull up Bethesda, she said there was a there is a Greek mythology that winds used to blow a certain way in here and caused a disturbance in the water and they said it was an angel. I said, "Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a minute." She said, "What?" I said, "Do you believe the Old Bible?" She said, "I do." I said, "What do you think it was that got on that brass serpent that healed them people?" &gt;&gt; I said, "Do you think that brass bead out of a out of a Egyptian solders's helmet healed the people? Do you think that's what it was?" &gt;&gt; She said, "Well, I really don't know what it was." I said, "It was an angel." &gt;&gt; The angel would got down on that pole and that angel was there for healing for those people. And brother Bram said they got to idolizing that pole and angel that that serpent until God destroyed it, but he's always interested in the healing of his children. So then the wind started moving on that pull. And brother Bam said what it was was an angel would step in that water and trouble it. &gt;&gt; And then I I know y'all know this, &gt;&gt; but it was why the waters were troubled. &gt;&gt; That if somebody would step into that water, they'd be healed right then. See, because the angel was in it. Now, the real the real secret here, the one what the world is missing is the angels were invisible, but they could see the water. &gt;&gt; So, when the water moved, it was a physical sign of a supernatural movement. &gt;&gt; They had no other way to know. There was no like there was no bell hanging up next to the pool. When the angel come for healing, he didn't go ring this bell and then everybody go, "Oh, we go down there now. The angel's down there now." Or he didn't he didn't uh he didn't have this great rainbow that shoot up out of the heavens. What the sign was when he was there was the movement on that water &gt;&gt; and they hey whether they was educated or uneducated or high class or low class whatever they was they could all look at that water and they had a choice to get into the water when it was moving. Now when brother Brandham takes that, he says, "Listen now, how appropriate is tonight that that same angel &gt;&gt; that was in that water has returned to the earth today &gt;&gt; and he is now troubling the waters." Now, how many knows what the waters represent today? The Bible said the people are the multitude of waters. So today, instead of ringing a bell or or or or or instead of a great star shining or shooting or Amen, the prophet is showing us that when the angel begins to move that you see it on the people, the people themselves. And brother man says he begins to whip them from the natural to the supernatural. He said, "You see normal people begin to scream and shout. And you see normal people start acting unseemly. You see addicts turn sober. You see drunks turn into preachers. You've got people sitting here that's got records and troubles behind them. But all of a sudden, you see the troubling of the water and something changed their life. If you can see that, it means there's an angel troubling the waters. And if you got a need, get in the water now. Don't wait for another meeting. Don't wait for another service. Come on, church. Amen. You You got to get that out of your mind. It's not one building. It's not one meeting. It's not one service. It's the troubling of the human race that God is moving upon the church. And if you'll step into the water while the waters are being troubled, you say, "Brother Wayne, what are we what are we waiting on?" We ain't waiting on nothing. &gt;&gt; I already see the troubling of the waters. I already see people healed. I already seen people saved. Amen. All you got to do is get up and get in. &gt;&gt; It don't have to be anything special. You say, "I need a blessing." I say, "Come get your blessing. I need the Holy Ghost. Come get your Holy Ghost. I need a healing. Come get your healing. You don't have to wait another minute. You don't have to wait for prayer. You don't have to wait for a right preacher. You don't have to wait for a right meeting. The waters are troubled. The angel has come into the camp. The shout of the king is in the camp. The waters have been troubled for your healing, for your salvation, for your deliverance. supernatural movements. &gt;&gt; So, Brother Wayne, I tell you what I'm in this morning. I'm in a real battle. I'm in a battle. How many of you in a battle? I'm in a battle. Some of you have been in battles a long time and you've wondered what to do. And sometimes we go offcock. We do. We attack before we think about what to do or how to do it. Well, I tell you, if there's one thing pastoring will do for you, it'll make you slow down and wait on the Lord. Because when he fixes it, it's fixed. &gt;&gt; It helps me understand this. And I'm not going to preach all day. So, but I I want you to see something here in the Bible, a man named David. when the Bible said that he had a a camp of Philistines that come up against him that David didn't immediately now he knew that was his enemy and he knew he had whipped Philistines before but David didn't immediately just pick up and run into the battle but he went to the Lord and he said to the Lord now here's my enemy what should I do and the Lord said to him you see that group of Mberries over on the wall a tree line there. Yeah, I see them, Lord. He said, "Well, I want you to go over there and get you a chair and I want you to turn your back to the battle and won't you look at them Philistines now. I want you to sit and look them trees." And when them trees go to blowing, you tell your men, "Get in the battle." Brother Timothy, I can't even imagine going back to all them great generals, them great warriors, and sets them all down. And they say, "Okay, David, what are we going to do?" He said, "Here's what we're going to do, boys. We're going to watch him trees. &gt;&gt; You mean you don't want us to send no scouts to measure?" No, no, no. It's going to discourage you when you do. No, no, no. Just watch them trees. I don't want you looking at the battle at all. I don't want you counting the enemy. I don't want you looking at their spears. I don't want you looking at their swords. I don't want I I don't want you remembering the things that they have done and who they done it. I don't want you to do none of that. I want you to look at them trees right there. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, now here's the thing. Amen. When they were looking, they must have thought this man was crazy. You mean you're not going to consult one psychologist? &gt;&gt; You're not going to You don't have any books on 10 steps of how to overcome? You You mean You mean we're not going to have any classes? &gt;&gt; You're hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I can't tell where that come from, but God bless you. You You You mean David, you're simply just going to wait on that wind? That's all you're going to do? Really? Yeah. &gt;&gt; See, David had already been in battle in his life. &gt;&gt; And he knew there was nothing within himself or his army that could defeat the greatness of the Philistine army. But as he had been with Saul, he knew the God of battle. &gt;&gt; Now, how many knows the the secret behind the malberry tree? If you know the secret, raise your hand. There's a secret behind it. He was waiting on that wind because God when he prayed was sending angels into that battle and God was telling him when you see those trees move you'll know then that's the angels on their way to the Philistines and when you see the tree move you get to moving. When you see them trees moving, you get in the battle because the angels are going to be in front of you and instead see like if you just hit one angel, five's going to fall. You're going to look like a mighty bunch of people, you're just going to whip them every which way. But see, it's because the angels got in the battle in front of you. Listen, you might not be able to see the angels, but you can see the wind when it moves. And sometimes in these services, God will let the spirit start moving across trees. Men are trees in the Bible. And when the wind starts blowing across the trees, all the sudden, you're sitting there with a need in your body. Get up and get in the battle. Get up and get in the battle. I'll tell you, it's your time for deliverance. It's your moment for deliverance. Right now is when you can get saved right now. Don't wait for another week. Don't wait for another hour. Right now is your moment. Huh? There was all kinds of angels entering that battle. Brother, let me tell you this. When David went down there, he utterly defeated his enemy because he waited for the precise moment that angels were accompanying him into that battle. And I tell you this right now, some of you have wanted a blessing from the How many wants a blessing from God? Some of you have wanted a real Holy Ghost experience and you wanted to find yourself in the presence of God and what to do. You said, "Brother Wayne, how do we do it? How do we get in? What happens? What could take place?" Well, you know, I was I was studying this and I thought it was amazing. Amen. That brother Brandham was was going to tell us something. Now, if a man is blind, he can only he's got he he don't have all of his senses, right? So, so maybe you just take and and you you you shut somebody's eyes and Amen. Brother Aaron, shut your eyes right quick. Just shut your eyes and don't reopen them. Okay? Amen. Come right here. Amen. I want you to do me a favor. Amen. I want you to tell me who's standing in front of you. And there really is. You feel the touch. Amen. Now, you tell me who that is. You can't tell me because your eyes is closed. I can tell you who is. Brother Matt. Now, open your eyes. It's Brother Matt. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; You see that? It wasn't it wasn't hard for me because I could see it. &gt;&gt; It was I didn't have to I didn't have to It wasn't a hard thing. I could simply see who it was. He simply couldn't see who it was. And a prophet had vision you don't have. &gt;&gt; And and the brother Brandon begins to explain this. And he says, "Do you see what it is? See, there's another world right here. And you don't have to go somewhere to find it, but your senses won't let you see it, but there's another world." Now, he said, "You take somebody that has seen the sun." Y'all remember the quote? Somebody walk out and they see the sun and you take a blind man and take him out in the parking lot with you and he'll feel this warm heat. He'll feel this uh thing. He He can audibly or physically he feels the heat. He feels the warmth. He He knows something's there. And the man says, "What is that I'm feeling?" And a man with sight could simply say, "It's the sun." &gt;&gt; Amen. And brother Madam says, "See, there's another world." And see, you're feeling, you're bumping into things. &gt;&gt; What is it? You can't tell you what it is. What do you think it was? You'd think, "I was a crazy person if you didn't have the sense of sight." You've heard people say these and they've doubted it. You're bumping into something. And brother Bam says it like this. He says, "You don't understand it now because you're only bumping into it. You haven't got that sense. But when you feel a strange feeling here tonight, he says, I want to say maybe cry or to shout or something. You ever feel that? I want to cry or shout or something. He said it's the angels of the Lord. &gt;&gt; You mean it's not a bad spirit? &gt;&gt; You mean You mean it ain't I'm out of order? You mean I ain't interrupting the service? You mean if I want to cry, I want to shout, I want to rejoice. You mean it's the angel of the Lord causing me to feel that way? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's what I'm saying. [Applause] That was a brother Ed Hunter and and and I'm I know some of you know his testimony, but he was in a in a meeting of brother Brandham's and brother Brandham was in a prayer line and brother Hunter was sitting on the front row. It's improving his word. Amen. And brother Ram is praying. And as he's praying in the prayer line, he stands up and he he looks over and he says, "Oh, you big man there. You from Texas." He said, "I see you've been praying a while." And Brother Hunter, I talked to him about it. He said, "Brother Brown revealed something he didn't really want the whole crowd knowing." He said, "You're suffering with hemorrhoids." Now, that's not something you go around tell folk. So, if you got an idea, people told people what was wrong and Brother Bam knew it like that. Sorry, brother. Brother Brother Hunter hid it from everybody, he said. And he said, "Brother Brandham called it out in the open." Said, "You're suffering with hemorrhoid." He said, "But you finally did it, didn't you?" He said, "That angel's been there next to that big guy for the last half hour." I said, "Brother Hunter, what did that feel like?" He said, "Let me tell you the truth, Brother Wayne." He said, "I was wanting in that prayer line so bad. I wanted Brother to pray for me. I'd been to about 30 of his meetings. I'd seen the power of God. I wanted to get in that prayer line." He said, "So, I was sitting there." And he said, "Well, I just decided, you know what? I'm just going to pray for the people in the prayer line." He said, "I started praying." He said, "In the presence of God, started moving over me." He said, "I got to worshiping the Lord." He said, "In a little while, I just started crying and worshiping." He said, "It felt so good." He said, "I forgot that I was in prayer Brandon Tabernacle." He said, "I forgot brother Brandham was praying." He said, "I forgot the whole thing." He said, "I was just worshiping God until brother Brandham broke me out of it and said, "The angel of the Lord is standing next to that man." &gt;&gt; What does it feel like to stand next to an angel? Oh, it feels like you forgot that Brother Brandon was in the pull pit. It feels like you forgot that there was a prayer line. That you forgot your troubles. You forgot you were sick. You forgot that you were who you were. Come on, church. We need an angel to pass by so that we can worship God the way he ought to be worshiped. We ought to worship him till we forget who we are. Till we forget our problems. Till we forget our pride. I say we ought to worship him until a Holy Ghost revival breaks out in our meetings. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Get drunk in the spirit of God. Amen. It's that overwhelming feeling to worship. That's right. &gt;&gt; A man with sight. A man with sight. Brother Bram calls a prayer line. God and Simplicity, Albuquerque, 1963. You've heard what is the Holy Ghost? What is the Holy Ghost given for? He didn't record how to receive the Holy Ghost. But actually, Albuquerque 63, God in Simplicity, last half hour of the tape, Brother Brandham instructs the people how to receive the Holy Ghost. And while he's doing it, Amen. There is a woman praying in a checkered shirt at the altar. And all of the sudden, there's a scream goes out and brother Brandham says to brother on the stage, he said, "Did you see that woman throw up her hands?" He said, "The angel of the Lord just passed over her head." Now you said, "Preacher, why you say that?" Because somebody sitting in the congregation, they would have said, "Oh, look at that fanatic up there at that altar. She's throw Look, she's really showboating today. Look at her throw her hands up and holler. But a man was sight. &gt;&gt; He said, "The angel of the Lord just passed over the woman's head." And he's telling the people, "He's here. He's here. He's Look at the tree. Look at the water. It's moving on the woman. If it's moving on her, it can move on you. If it's moving on him, it can move on you." Ah, hallelujah. He's a God of Abraham. He can move on the church of the living God. She threw up her hands. Now people people start organizing the moving of the spirit, the moving of the angel. And then they see because like like me now, you get spirit on me. I'm not able to dance the shoes right off my feet. Can't dance with Andrew anymore. I'm 50. but shout, scream, talk with two, three, four different kinds of tongues, run all over the building, have a time like you ain't never had, and the spirit fall on somebody else and they weep and cry and throw their hands up and oh hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah. Now, if you listening to what I'm doing, the angel moved through screaming, shouting. The angel moved through the altar, hands raised, cried out to the Lord. Now, Brother Bram says, "You'll feel a sweet, humble feeling coming in the room." That's angels walking up and down the aisle. Sometimes when angels begin to move among us, it's just a weeping. It's just a crying. It's just a It's just You're sitting there and it's just so real and you're just so glad he came. Brother, I'm glad everybody in this building's here. I'm glad every one of y'all showed up to this morning. But boy, when I feel him come by, &gt;&gt; I'm so glad he came. Well, I'm so glad when I start reading the scripture and I feel that presence start moving. Brother, I'm so glad he showed up when we preach the gospel. I'm so glad he shows up when you begin to worship him. What is it? It's those sweet, humbling feelings. it begins to move among you. Listen, I I want to make a declaration to you this morning. God ain't short of angels. &gt;&gt; He's got enough angels that this morning while they're having church at True Word Tabernacle in Ohio. Amen. Angels are up there inspiring a preacher named Ray Ericson. They're down there with Joe Adams in Ohio or in Louisiana. Maybe Brother Donnie preaching right now. Amen. There's enough angels that they're here and they're there and they're in Africa and they're in India. Listen, wherever God's children are, the angels of the Lord encamp about them that fear them. And I say this morning as the children of Abraham, Amen, come and get your blessings from God. Don't you let no devil talk you out of it. Don't you let no devil say it don't belong to you. The angel of the Lord has come in this age to inspire you &gt;&gt; to believe. &gt;&gt; Can the musicians come? &gt;&gt; He's come to inspire you to believe the supernatural. Your parents may not believe in you. Your family might not believe in you. Your friends may not believe in you. But God believes in you. And when he sends that angel to you, see, there's a whole big difference about reading about it and when you met it. Now, I'm not trying to be a fanatic here. Just telling you my testimony. I lost a little brother when I first got saved. He died from they said rush and roulette 18 day or eight days from 18 years old. Pitiful case. Not over a couple years later, a brother I had just led to the Lord. I had baptized him. He backslid. Went back into drugs and alcohol. I left the area and had went down to San Antonio, Texas to preach a meeting. And I was leaving San Antonio going to Tucson to meet with brother Perry Green to see some of the Tucson sites. I was on I 10 down there somewhere. Pulled over to a little hotel. Had my little family with me. I don't think Bethany was around yet. I think it was me and Gracie and Zach and Cararissa. And way in the middle of the morning, I don't know why it's in the middle of the morning when these things happen. But sometimes 3 4:00 in the morning, something awoke me. Sister Lydia, I looked over and there was a man standing right here beside me. And he said to me, "You're fing to go through a great struggle and a great battle. Don't you fear it. I'll be with you." I had led my brother to the Lord. I had worked with him. [Music] But I had made some decisions. [Music] And those decisions had to do with my ministry. And it really disappointed my brother because he wanted me to lead. He wanted me to be where he could be with me as a pastor or something. And I didn't feel to do it at the time. He got in trouble that same weekend, stepped out in front of a train. [Music] Brother, it was a crushing weight. [Music] But I knew somebody had already told me before it came that it was going to be okay. [Music] I think it was that same very trip. If it wasn't, it was just a little while later. I was at brother Ron Peterson's and he had that old church building and he had a a back office and he had a a a big auditorium, had wood things come across it like this. And I was coming out to preach and I had gotten up. Brother Ron's desk was sitting like this and the door was over there and I had gotten up from the desk and I had been praying and man that was just wave after wave of the anointing was just dealing with me. I mean and they were calling me to the pull pits. I got up and walked around the desk. And just as I was walking around the desk like this, there was a almost an ivorycoled wing that started about here. Now I know I'm on the internet, okay? It was an ivory colored wing about this tall and it went like this and went completely to the ground. I didn't know angels had wings like that. I had never dreamed that. I thought they were just little short wings on their back or something. But the way it appeared to me was like it would be like three quarters of the of of somebody standing behind that wall and just part of them sticking out. The whole being wasn't there. It was just one half of that like that with that big wing come down. And just as I was headed to the to the thing, literally bumped right into me cuz it wasn't supposed to be there. You said, "Brother Wayne, are you crazy?" No. I think it was 201 19 maybe. I was sitting on the back row of altar of brother Tim Puit's services and we were having the fall meetings. Brother Josh, Brother Ron, myself, I don't know who else was speaking, but I know the three of us were there. And Brother Josh Bannon had the service that night. I think he was preaching on conflict. And I'm telling you that so you can go look it up. He was preaching on conflict between God and the devil. Brother Ron walks out and sat down next to me on the platform and we were sitting like this. Brother Tim would have been here and Brother Ron would have been there and I'd be here. And Brother Ron sits down. He looks over at me. He goes, "You know how brother Ron does. He's here." I said, "Who? What you mean? He's here." Like that. That's all he said. And if you want to go watch it, you can see it on you can see it on you can see it on the on the video. And in a little while when he says that, Josh is preaching and Josh makes a point about something about the the Lord. And I look up and there's a man standing about where the guardrail is on the on the steps coming up on brother Tim's pullpit and there's a man standing there with his arms folded just like this just staring at brother Joshua. Friend, I am not given to fanaticism. I seen it with my own eyes. And when I seen that, I bumped Brother Ron. It's on video. I bumped Brother Ron and I said, "Yes, Brother Ron, and you can see me." I said, "He's standing right over there." And when And when I said that, it wasn't just a minute. Go watch the video. The whole audience explodes. It just goes into great praise. You said, "Preacher, why are you telling me this?" Because it's real. &gt;&gt; It's not a bunch of crazy and heresy. We're the bride of Jesus Christ. I I know there's fanaticism with any what we're talking about. There was a Joseph Smith guy said he had the word and went and met I shouldn't say that's disrespectful. I'm sorry. There was a man Joseph Smith went and said he met an angel, but he had to write a whole another Bible. William Brandon said he met an angel and he opened the Bible. [Applause] There's angels among us leading us to the supernatural God. Every believer in this building has an angel assigned to you. It's still real, folks. It's still real. Could we bow our hearts right now? Father, Lord, I know my testimony is going across the screens and I'm sure there'll be plenty critics listen, but Lord, maybe someday when they meet you, they'll know these things are true. I lie not with your word before me. While I was preaching in True Word Tabernacle not more than a few years ago, Lord, I've seen a man walk out of the door of the office and walk right through the congregation of people and disappear into the wall because you still have angels. They're right here this morning and we believe it, Father. And we ask you right now, Lord, that you would entreat your people in the supernatural. Maybe somebody here this morning, Lord, they're barren in their womb. And the enemy has said they'll never be able to have children. But I pray this morning, Father. That the same God that showed mercy in my family, may you show mercy upon this place. Lord, I pray this morning, maybe there's someone here with an addiction of tobacco, but I pray the same one that met me and delivered me. Lord, I pray you'd meet them right here at this altar this morning. Lord, the one that can heal the strokes, the one that can take the diabetes away. You came down on a blast serpent. You came down on a pull of Bethesda. You came down on a seventh angel. And Lord, you're still with the message of the hour. And I pray this morning, Lord, that you would move through this congregation, touch your children. I pray for them, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ according to the will of God. In Jesus name we pray. God bless you, Full Gospel Lighthouse. We love you with the love of the Lord. At your feet, drink cup in your hand. Lay back against you and breathe. Feel your army. Oh, this love is so deep. It's more than I can stand. I'm melting your feet. It's overwhelming. The more I seek you. Oh, the more I find you. Oh, the more I find you. [Music] Oh, the more I love you. [Music] I want to sit at your feet, drink from the cup in your hand, lay back against you and breathe. Will your heart be? Well, this love is so deep. It's more than I can stand. I'm [Music] overwhelmed. [Music] Don't let our praise be empty space. Oh come abide in this place. Oh every heart you are transforming. Oh come you [Music] have your glory. Darkness tremble. Mountains crumble when you draw near to us and you draw near to us. Strongholds breaking. Your destiny is changing when you draw near to us. When you draw near to us, don't let our praise be empty space. Oh come abide in this place. Oh every heart you are transforming. Oh, come and move. [Music] Have your glory. Darkness tremble. Mountains crumbles when you draw near to us. And you draw near to us. Strong hearts breaking. Our destiny is changing when you draw near to us. Will you draw near to us? Oh, every life can be restored with you. Fill the room. God, fill this room. Oh, and angels are at every corner. When you feel this room, God feels this room. Oh, everything that's in there comes alive with you. Feel this room. God, build this room. [Music] Oh, chains will break and even with you. Feel this room. God, feel this room. Oh, every life can be restored. You feel the room. God feel this room. [Music] Oh angels, [Music] God. You feel it. Hallelujah. You feel this room. Oh, everything that's comes alive with you feel this room. God build this room. Oh, chains will break and demons will run away. You feel this room, God. Feel this room. Let our praise [Music] be the empty space. Oh come alive [Music] [Applause] [Music] every heart. You are transforming. Oh father you have your glory. Darkness trembles, mountains crumble. When you draw near to us and you draw near to us. [Music] Hallelujah. While he's passing by this way, why don't you just draw near to him? Why don't you reach out to the master and just begin to speak to him? Let him come and fill your life like never before. Say, God, I know that you want to be involved in my life. I know you want to be involved in my family matters. I know you want to be involved in my business. I know you want to be involved, Lord. I need a new birth. I need a change. I need you, God. While you're passing by this wave, would you come? Would you come and minister? Would you touch my life? How about you, young man? Won't you just talk to him right there where you are? Oh, every laugh can be short when you feel this room. God, fill this room. [Music] Oh, angels are in corner. You feel this room. [Music] I feel this. I sought the Lord [Music] and he answered me [Music] and believe me from [Music] those who call me are [Music] they Never be ashamed. Never be ashamed. This poor man. [Music] and the whole [Music] and save me from my [Music] son of God. [Music] He will deliver them. You were there. Oh magnify the Lord with me. Oh come his name together. Oh, glorify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see [Music] that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides me. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all to say, he'll give you everything. [Applause] He'll give you everything. Oh magnify with me. Oh God is all his name together. The Lord with me. [Music] coming exalt his name forever [Applause] magnify [Applause] the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name together glorify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name forever. [Music] And let us praise the Lord, every day night. Whenever we're in pray our saints rise, let us bless the Lord every day and night. Oh never ending praise. May our inance rise. Let us bless the Lord every day. [Music] We our eyes. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. God is all his name. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] his name. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, let us bless the Lord every day and night will never end our sisters with one voice. Just bless the Lord every day and night. Ever. [Music] All right, brothers. Hallelujah. Let us bless the Lord every [Music] Jesus Christ. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh me [Music] together with ex [Music] mag. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh glorify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name forever. [Music] Peace. Oh God, cover me. Oh, cover me. Just cover me in peace of God. Cover me through the song. Oh, peace and love. Oh, peace. Cover me. Oh, cover me. [Music] Oh, cover me and peace my God just cover me. Oh, hallelujah. Oh come for of me you I am safe. Oh, and only you I'm so [Music] you cover me. [Music] [Applause] Oh, cover me. Oh, cover me when I am hurting. Oh, cover me when I'm not strong. Oh, come me when I am going through this stor. Oh, cover me when all seems hopeless. Oh, cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace of Christ all I understand. Just cover me. [Music] Oh, cover me tonight. Oh, peace cover me. Oh, cover me. Just cover me. Oh, peace of mind. Just cover me. [Music] Oh peace cover me. Oh cover me. Oh cover me. Peace of God. Oh, peace of God. Just cover all. Oh, come. [Music] I lost some good friends a long life's way. Some loved ones departed in heaven to stay, but thank God I didn't lose everything. [Music] I've lost faith in people who said they care. In the time of my crisis, they were never there. But in my disappointment, in my season of the pain, one thing never wavered. One thing never changed. that I never lost my hope. Hallelujah. Oh, and I never lost my joy. Oh, I never lost my faith. But most well I never lost my praise. When I've let some blessings I let them slip away. When I lost my focus and went astray. Thank God I didn't lose everything. Well, I lost positions that were so dear and I lost some battles by walking in fear. But in the midst of my struggles, oh in the season of my pain, where one thing never wavered, one thing never change. [Music] that I never lost my [Music] Somebody give God praise in the house of Lord. Oh, I never lost my my joy. You couldn't take it from me, Satan. Oh, I never lost my faith. Open most of all. I never lost my praise. Come on, sing it with me one more time. Well, I never lost my Hallelujah. [Applause] Oh, I never lost my joy. Oh, I never lost my faith, but most of all, well, I never lost my We're going to close out this meeting singing this song. I never I never I never I never I've been through some stuff, but I didn't lose it. Hallelujah. Satan thought it had me, but I got away. I never lost it. In the midst of it all, I never lost it. In the midst of my trial, I never lost it. In my pain, I didn't lose it. Hallelujah. When I was on the mountain, I didn't lose it. When I was in the valley, I didn't lose it. Hallelujah. I never lost my praise. [Music] Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Turn around. Won't you come? [Applause] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I never lost my praise. &gt;&gt; I never lost my joy. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; What an incredible meeting. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank you each and every one of you from where you came from. &gt;&gt; Thank you. No matter how far you traveled from overseas to being here, I believe God gathers us together. He gathers us together because we're getting ready together. &gt;&gt; We're getting ready to go home. &gt;&gt; There's so many things in this meeting we could stop to thank him for. And and uh I just I want to thank you for every prayer that you have prayed for us in our battle of this journey. And we thank you. God has given us many victories. He has blessed us along our trip and he's been with us. And &gt;&gt; I'd like to thank all the ones that work behind the scenes to make this meeting happen. &gt;&gt; I'd especially like to thank my boys. &gt;&gt; I don't have the strength to do those things anymore, but I sure know how to help them from behind the scenes. And so, amen. Thank brother Andrew and brother Matthew and &gt;&gt; all my family and everybody here, all of our host church here. We'd like to thank you. &gt;&gt; I'd like to thank brother Wayne and and brother Tim. [Applause] Now, you think, well, these are just sermons that all they just popped up last week and got. &gt;&gt; What you heard this week was a lifetime of study. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And a lifetime of experience. And &gt;&gt; they came and delivered their heart to help you and to strengthen you and &gt;&gt; and to be a blessing to you. And I am so thankful to have this caliber of friends. &gt;&gt; Amen. Brother Tim stays in my home every year and he's an angel of God to me. I don't know how big angels are with great big wings, but I know there's one standing beside me that's about 5 foot five and &gt;&gt; and he's been a real buddy. He and brother Wayne has been phenomenal, phenomenal friends. We have sure enjoyed being with you. I just want to share something after brother Wayne preached what he did. Just over five years ago on December the 22nd, an angel visited my room, my office, and he made this statement to me. If you'll trust me, I will use you like never before. and he has did it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We have Sister Donna Baler with us and she's been attacked with the power of cancer, the demon of cancer and she's getting good reports. [Applause] believe it's been 18 years since you guys have been with us. It won't be that much longer you'll be back. And Sister Donna didn't know. She gave a testimony outside in our driveway. And I asked him, I said, "Would you like to see my office?" Brother Tom was a hunter. They walked into my office. Brother Tom sat down beside of me and Sister Donna stood for about 30 minutes and gave testimony to what the Lord has done. She had no idea that where she was standing was where the angel of the Lord was standing when he told me, "If you'll trust me, I'll use you like never before." &gt;&gt; If your if her screaming during these services offended you, You need to get saved. &gt;&gt; Scream on. &gt;&gt; We We so thank you, Sister Donna, for coming. And uh so thank you. And for those that don't know Sister Donna Baller, Sister Donna, won't you just raise your hand right there? Amen. Cameras, get on her. Yeah, get on her. I want the whole world to see that Satan sent every demon out of hell to defeat her. And she's standing here by the power of Almighty God. And I like it when doctors declare you're a miracle. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. And we so thank we thank you, Sister Donna. We thank every one of you. And I may not get you to shake your hand, but won't you do this for me? Won't you turn to your neighbor and say, "Brother Ron loves you, and I'm shaking your hand for brother Ron. Hallelujah. Now if you come expecting, did you get what you expected? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. Greater than any miracle is the transforming power of God. &gt;&gt; And I ask you that you would just pray, "God, transform my life greater than ever before." Well, you, Brother Ron, I've got the Holy Spirit. Well, I want more. &gt;&gt; I so want more of him. I didn't finish that story, Sister Don. I got too excited. So, after you guys left, I'll do third person. After Brother Ron went and took a nap, I then walked back into the office to pray. And standing where you were standing, the angel of the Lord came. And when brother Wayne preached that this morning, he's certainly interested in our affairs. &gt;&gt; He's not only interested in mine, he's interested in yours. And he goes to school with you. And he watches over you. And always leave a chair for him at the table. Amen. Amen. Never go to bed without praying. And never get up without talking to the Lord. And Amen. And he's so good to us, isn't he? &gt;&gt; Amen. Isn't he wonderful? Amen. I'd like to I'm not a singer like these boys. But I'd like to sing a song to you on the wings of a snow white dove. &gt;&gt; And uh is that okay? Then Andrew Andrew is going to come and got some announcements for you. Amen. On the wings of the snow. Why [Music] God sees his sweet love a sign from [Music] on the wings of Let's sing that last verse that brother Brandon from though I have suffered in many away. I cry for him. Both night and day. Faith was sent for God [Music] by the Father [Music] above. Do you believe it? God sent me his son [Music] on the wings of Let's sing it with all of our hearts today. On the wings of the God is sweet. [Music] over. [Music] Amen. We just want to make some final notes before we close out this meeting today. You have been such a wonderful audience to be able to worship and praise the Lord with. And we just got a few few uh mentions u before we move forward. We have a we have a fellowship dinner that we would like uh all of you to come and be a part of with us today. And uh our team of sisters have have uh been preparing. We um we have such a group of people here that just love to do things for the Lord. You all know you have those same kind of people in your church. And don't think that we got the blue bonnetic plague going on here when all them people left out. Leah's going to go get your dinner ready. And uh but we we're going to have it here at the Spotswood High School and uh you can write that address down there. Um it's 368 Blazer Drive Pin Layered there and it's it's there at the local high school. A sister from our church is I might as well say it. she runs a place and uh and uh so we're able to get that place uh free of charge and they they want to do that for us and they've done that for every year so far and we just want to take care of the building the best we know how. Just a few mentions as we're going forward. Um there's a fire lane there. If you see red paint on the curb, don't park there uh where the red lines are or where the curb is, you will get a ticket because the fire marshall comes through there. They get their gas right down in that in that school center. So, uh, just do not park where the fire fire lane is. And when you pulling into Spotswood, it's a loop and you'll just just circle around and enter into the school building at the left major entrance and we'll we'll have somebody there and uh that'll make sure that you get guided in there and we're going before we dismiss today, we're going to pray over the food. That way when you get there, you can just go right in and uh begin to eat. And but just we make this statement every year. This is a this is a public school and there's cameras everywhere and they're really really good. They can pinpoint if you had a red hoodie on and you did this or that. All they got to do is type it in and they are able to find exactly what you did. So just watch your kids. I got a statement around here but I won't say it because you already know what it is. They're your kids. You take care of them if you don't mind. And parents they if you don't mind just be with your kids and little ones. We don't have babysitters here at Full Gospel Lighthouse. Me and Brother Ron, we're not the kind of pastors that put pacifiers in in in the church's mouth here and and we are not educating any of our deacons to be that same way. So So you just watch your kids. Uh there's two gyms in the building there. One is for the little kids and it has a jumpy house, but I have already decided me and Brother Micah and Brother Tom, we're going to go through that thing a little bit later. And then the needing brother Tim if he wants to. But &gt;&gt; I think the only way that brother Tim's getting in that jumpy house is brother Ron gets in that jumpy house together. May that be something. Two angels in that jumpy house together. They be bumping into each other. And the other the other man I'm sorry. The other gym is for the young adults and the uh younger kids and there'll be volleyball and basketball there if you don't mind just helping us out. Clean up after after yourself and respect the facilities. And uh I always make this mention. It's because I I'm an associate here, but I'm also brother Ron's son. And I love brother Ron. I appreciate brother Ron. There's not there's not anybody in flesh and blood that could appreciate brother Ron more than me and brother Matthew. So, we make this statement out of love. Just be wise with your time with Brother Ron. He, some of you don't know this, but Brother Ron has eye seizures. And when he's moving through a bunch of people, sometimes those eye seizures will get him and make him super weak and sick. And so, if you wouldn't mind just helping me and Brother Matthew out. Just be real wise with your time. If you've been sick, don't shake his hand. If you think it's allergies, don't shake his hand. If you think it's COVID, don't shake his hand. You could just say, "God bless you." And brother Brandham taught us that's one of the greatest things that we could say and just just please be wise because I can tell you I'm a great guy and I love people. But that guy right there has a sharp sword and you want to stay on his good side. There's a whole lot of times in my life I never got no fights with him because I knew what he could do. So please stay on brother Matthew's good side. He is our complaint department here at Full Gospel Lighthouse. And if you got any complaints, that's the guy to see right there. Anybody got any complaints here? All right. All right. We love you guys with all of our hearts. We mean that with everything that's within us. And we thank you for taking out of your time to come be a part of these meetings. And I hope you've enjoyed yourself. Praise the Lord. I have a good friend here with me, Brother Brad Pal from Kentucky. I'm going to ask him if he wouldn't mind coming and blessing the food for us today. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hasn't it been good to be in the presence of the Lord? &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, Lord. You know, you don't have to leave that presence here, but you can take it with you. It don't have to stay in the tabernacle. We take it everywhere we go. &gt;&gt; Let's just pray. Heavenly Father, we're just thankful, Lord, for the me the ministry that's we've witnessed this weekend, Lord, and your visitation upon us, Lord, and for all that you've done. We came and we we called upon your name, Lord, and you came and you delivered, Father. You delivered freedom. You delivered victory. you delivered uh uh overcoming power through the deliverance and everything that everybody had need of. Father, we just ask Lord as we get ready to leave here that you would leave with us as well, Father. And we could be able to take that token that Brother Tim talked about and apply it into our lives and into our homes and over our children and families, Lord. And that we'll just be able to continue with this presence. And we leave here with victory and deliverance and joy and peace and comfort, Lord, knowing that your angels encamp about us, Father. And everywhere we go, your presence is with us, Father. And Lord, as we get ready to dismiss, we just ask, Lord, that you would just uh be with the fellowship this afternoon, that you would be the focus of our attention and and our thoughts and and our conversation, Lord. And bless the food that we partake of, Father, as you fed us well spiritually. We just thank you for the natural food you've given us as well. And bless the hands that prepared it. Give to those who have not today. Lord, we just want to tell you we love you and appreciate you and ask your blessings and your uh comfort and and your uh healing over the uh ministry Lord as they've been zapped of their strength and and Lord's been pulled out of them. We just ask Lord that you would get grant them strength Father Lord that they would be able to recover and serve you in a mighty way. We just love you and appreciate you and all that you do. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're going to let you be dismissed at this time. Make sure you get that address if you need it. If not, just follow the the funeral procession out of here so you'll know exactly where to go. Amen. C. God bless you. It's your miss today. Hallelujah. I said, "Won't it be a time?" Oh, won't it be a time? Oh, talking with the angels. Won't it be a time? Oh, won't it be a time? Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. [Music]
