################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-05 - "Standing Up To The Bully" - Bro. Matthew Watkins on April 5th, 2025 - Matthew Watkins - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-05
Title:   "Standing Up To The Bully" - Bro. Matthew Watkins on April 5th, 2025
Speaker: Matthew Watkins
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbqSPM3s9h4
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] by your glory divine. And I'm left with only one thing to do. Worshiping you. Oh, just worshiping you. Oh, there's nothing else that I would rather do. I love you, Lord, worshiping you. just worshiping you and you make it easy, Lord. Cuz I'm so in love with you. I long for those moments when just you and I get lost in your presence and lose track of time. When I'm overwhelmed by your glory divine and I'm left with only one thing, I just worship him this evening. He's worthy of it this evening. Worshiping [Music] you. Oh, there's nothing else that I would rather do. I love you, Lord. Worshiping [Music] you. Just worshiping you cuz you make it easy, Lord. Oh, I'm so in love with [Music] you. Amen. Good to be in the house, Lord, this evening, isn't it? I want you to just turn and greet your neighbor, friends, and family. We welcome each and every one of you here the house of the Lord. Amen. Let's sing a song. When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that'll be. Oh, sing the wondrous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace. Oh, in the man right and blessing he'll prepare for us. Please. Oh, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Glory we are for seeking Jesus we will sing and shout the victory. Oh while we walk the pils will spread the sky. Oh, when traveling days are over, not a shadow, not a sound. Oh, we all get to him. What a day of rejoicing that will be. Glory we are. For seeking Jesus we will sing and shout the victory. Oh let us be true and people trust me serving every day. Oh, just one lip of him glory with the toes of life remain. Oh, we all get to him. What a day of rejoicing that will be. Glory we for seeking [Music] Jesus we will sing and shout the victory. Oh word to the prize before us. Soon his beauty will behold. In the worldly gates will open. We shall tread streets of gold. Open we get to hear. Oh, what a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all singing [Music] Jesus, we will sing and shout one more time. Oh, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, great. Oh, for seeking Jesus, we will sing and shout the victory. Amen. What a glorious day that will be, won't it? Amen. He will be faithful to the end. And aren't you glad he's always faithful to you? We're not feeling afraid. pool of uncertainty. When the plans that I've made all fall apart when the future's unclear and all that I can do is wait. There is a promise echoing in my [Music] heart that he will be faithful to thee. He will provide time and time again. He will be faithful. so faithful to thee and he will be there with all his faith is the strongest thing by he will be faithful so faithful to me there His grace I can't measure mercy I don't deserve. There's forgiveness that for me. [Music] Oh, what a blessing your to know how deeply I know in my He will be all I need. All I need. He will be faithful to me. He will hold that time and time again. He will be faithful. Faithful to [Music] me and he will be there with his faith is the strong my faithful. So faithful to you. Sing that second verse again. There is grace. There is grace I can measure. Mercy I don't deserve. There's forgiveness for me. [Music] Oh, what a blessing. [Applause] [Music] Do you know how deeply I [Music] love you like he will be all [Music] I need. He will be so [Music] glad to be grateful. So faithful to me and he will be there on his way is stronger than my [Music] he glad that he's so faithful all the way to the hands of the air force. Amen. Let's sing us Psalms three. Thou, oh Lord, are a shield for me. Lord, how are they increased that trouble me? And many are they that rise up against me. And me there be which say of my soul. Oh there is no help for him in God. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] Oh, Lord. [Music] my [Music] name. I cried unto the Lord with my voice and he heard me out of his holy name. I lay me down there. [Music] I for the Lord he sustain me. Oh, I [Music] receive the glorious [Music] [Applause] [Music] My glory is my name. I will not be afraid of 2,000 years of demons. And it said you catch me round to [Music] B. I will not be afraid of thousands of dreams that shelves will kiss me tonight. Oh, Lord. Glory. [Music] Lord our shame for the glory. Oh, let's just sing that to him again. But thou, oh Lord, oh th The glory of my [Music] thy glory. [Music] Amen. As they play that softly this evening, we just want to go to the prayer [Music] request. I want to continue to lift up our brother Clarence Morris that God would just continue to strengthen and touch in him and body. Sister Betty Morris as well there. Also want to remember our brother Roger Sailor, Sister Anne, and then uh Sister Sarah Gooden. She was taken to the hospital this week and uh she has pneumonia. Want to be remembering our sister Sarah Gooden there. Also our pastor, want to continue to lift him up and pray for him that God would continue to strengthen, touch him. Want to pray for our sister Donna Ber, brother Tom Ber's wife that is fighting cancer as well. as well as we want to continue to lift up our brother Bill Delaney. Glad to have him here and I believe mom said that he drove to the house of the Lord this evening. So we thank the Lord for that and uh God strengthen him and body there. Amen. Amen. I brother Matthew Mccclard and just come. How many would have a need upon their heart to say the Lord just passed by my way this evening? Amen. I believe he will. Amen. Amen. I also like you to remember my father-in-law. He's in the hospital. Had respiratory distress uh earlier this week. He's doing all right, but Lord willing to come home tomorrow. But how many believes God's in the building? How many believe he knows what you have need of? Amen. Let's go to him. Just ask exceedingly abundantly, more than you could even think right now, and watch God meet the need. Amen. Father, we love you tonight, Lord. We count it an honor to be here, Lord, to be in the house of God. God, we've come to worship you in spirit and truth, Father. Lord, and we've come in great expectation, Lord. God, that we're going to leave better than what we came, Father. And we're just we're just so excited, Lord, God, to be in your presence, Lord. We're we're looking for a rapture to come soon, Lord. I say even come, Lord Jesus. Father, we love you tonight, God. There's prayer requests, Lord. And we lift them up to you, Lord. Nothing is too hard for you, Lord. God, from the smallest to the greatest, Lord God, you're the God that created all things, Father. And God, I just ask you to move in every situation, God. May the hand of God be seen, Lord God. And may they see it, Father, and give a testimony that God move for me, Father. We're looking for you to move for each individual tonight, God. Lord, there are needs represented in the building. Lord, Satan tries to tempt. He tries to do this, that, and the other. But God, may we recognize who it is tonight and recognize that he's nothing but a liar and he's defeated. Amen. and he was defeated at Calvary. And Father, I pray tonight, God, may there be healing in the building, both spiritually, Lord, and physically. God, may we leave here, Lord, and be like those away. Lord, did not our hearts burn within us as he talked to us along the way. Father, I pray you move Brother Matthew out of the way. Lord, you sent him here, Lord. This is a predestinated service for many generations back, God. And Father, I just pray move him out of the way, God. May you use him like you've never used him before, God. May your anointing come upon him, Lord. He's studied, but God, may you take it to another level tonight, God. And may we just stand in awe of what you're going to do, Lord. We love you tonight, Lord. Have thine no way in the service. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. At this time, we're going to receive this evening's offering. You give us God's blessed you. We have uh Sister Autumn, Sister Ed and I come sing for us this evening and then after her, we'll have Sister Julia come sing for Amen. After you give, you can be seated this evening. God richly bless you. When my world gets heavy, weigh down by the trles of this I look up to the clouds and dayream about that sweet and start thinking about heaven. I've heard the streets are paved with gold. I can't imagine it cuz I ain't there yet. But here's what I've been told. In my father's house there are many. I'm talking about a mansion for me and a mansion for you. When he parts those clouds, we're going to walk right through. Yeah. Heaven's got a mansion for me and a mansion for you. Oh. Oh, yeah. Heaven's got a mansion for me and a mansion for you. I think about family. The good ones called home. I can't help but think that they might be waiting for me at the door. Going to be a reunion of all the ransom and redeemed. Father's mother's sister's road is forever. We're going to sing in my father's house. There are many rooms. I'm talking about a mansion for me and a manion for you. When he parts those clouds, we're going to walk riser. Yeah. Got a mansion for me and a mansion for you. When we all get to heaven, what a day that will be. Moving into the manion. He promised for you and me when we all came to heaven. What a day that will be. into the manion he promised for you and me. When I think about heaven, what I think about the most is seeing Jesus face here and mercy say, "Welcome home." In my father's house, there are many rooms. I'm talking about a mansion for me and a manion for you. When he pours those clouds, we're going to walk right through. Yeah. Heaven's got a mansion for me and a manion for you. The heaven's got a mansion for me and a manion for you. Oh. Oh yeah. Heaven's got a manion for me and a manion for you. [Applause] [Music] I won't forget the wonders of how you brought deliverance, the exodus of my heart. Cuz you found me. You freed me. Held back the waters for my release. Oh Yah way. You're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. [Music] Hallelu. Hallelu. You have torn apart the sea. You have led me through the deep. [Music] Hallelu. Hallelu. The cloud by day is a sign that you are with me. And the fire by night, it's the guiding light of my feet. Oh, you found me and you freed me. Held back the waters for my release. Oh, Yah [Music] way, you're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. You have torn apart the sea. You have led me through the deep. Hallelu. Hallelu. [Music] You stepped into my Eypt. You took me by the hand. You marched me out in freedom into the promised land. Now I will not forget you. I'll sing of all you've done. Cuz death is swallowed up forever. By the fury of your love. Cuz you stepped into my Egypt. And you took me by the hand. You marched me out in freedom into the promised land. Now I will not forget you, God. I'll sing of all you've done. Cuz death is swallowed up forever by the fury of your love. Cuz you're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Hallelu. Hallelu. You have torn aart the sea. You have led me through the deep. Hallelu. Hallelu. You stepped into my Eypt. You took me by the hand. You marched me out in freedom into your promised land. And I will not forget you. I'll sing of all you've done. And death is swallowed up forever by the fury of your love. Cuz you stepped into my Egypt. And you took me by the hand. You marched me out in freedom into your promised land. Now I will not forget you, God. I'll sing of all you've done. Cuz death it's swallowed up forever by the fury of your [Applause] love. Cuz you're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. [Music] Hallelu. Hallelu. You have torn aart the sea. You have led me through the deep. Hallelu. [Music] Hallelu stepped into my Eypt and took me by the hand. You marched me out in freedom into your promised land. [Music] [Applause] God bless you. Have you had a good week? Well, we're in for an incredible weekend. We have brother Matt Watkins that is with us and and uh oh, what a legacy that he is. And uh I I knew his grandfather that was an incredible message believer and uh he was in brother Brandham's meetings and and I when I was a boy preacher I I preached to him and then brother Jason has has been a buddy for many many years and you guys were with him brother Doug and Sister Chassity and uh brother Matt has raised up under all of that. Listen this message works. Yes, this message works. And if you want your children to be successful, keep them under this message. And it so works. And I'm so thankful for that tonight. And I just want to share my week if I can do that for you. Uh it was about five years ago that uh we started a journey and uh it was at brother Danny Stevens that I had my first seizure and uh then I would I would have a vision of climbing down in a very deep horrible pit. And at the bottom of that pit I would find Sister Melissa and I would ask her, "Are you is it time to walk out?" I didn't know what kind of pit that I would be in. And in the coming weeks, I I would I would get signs that what we were going to go through with brother Kelly, brother Tim Puit, and then I was going to go to brother uh Ed Biscos. I won't be but a minute. But and we went on a journey. I I would I thought we had a prostate infection and we went to the doctors and and we found out we didn't have that. And uh we had cancer and cancer would be in the lungs and in the lymph nodes and then then in my brain. Three tumors. Never forget the night that that a rookie a rookie doctor walks in and and just drops the news on us. Do you know that you you've have three tumors on the brain and that was a horrible night. We begin to take chemo, different kinds of chemo. And we have taken chemo and we'll take it for quite a while. But this week, as I told you, we were going to have a brain scan at 6:00 on I think it was Monday or Tuesday morning. And u Sister Connie, remember, she sang with us last week. And hey, listen, I ought to have her to sing more often. If it works like that, I want to have her to sing. Yeah. And so we went at six o'clock in the morning and we we had our brain scan. We came back to uh Stewart's draft and had another doctor's appointment. Then she drove me back for a 3:00 appointment at UVA and we put some miles on cars. And so and so anyway, we went into Dr. Dr. Fidoul. I don't know if I'm okay to say that publicly, but I'm going to. He's probably not going to see it. No way. And uh we we sat in his office. We actually sat in his office quite a while. Waited on him, but it was worth the wait. We sat in his office and he walks in. Now, keep this in mind. I've had over 20 brain scans and showing tumors and showing growth and showing this kind of things and uh showing a lot of things. I've had two I've had two brain surgeries. And so, and so he walks in and he walks in and said, "It's a miracle." Amen. Well, I thought you'd have a better reaction than that. He walks in and said, "It's a miracle." And he said, "I've studied your test. I've looked over thoroughly twice." And he said, "We'll have the rad doctor radiologist to look over it." He found some little things, but but he said, "This is your first clean brain scan. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Five years ago, they gave me no hope. That's right. Come on. Five years ago, the doctor sat down on my bed and and she placed her hand in my hand and and she said, "You know, you have about four weeks, four months to live." And she sent me on a journey that she said, "I want you to get everything in order." And I did. everything that I know. I got my finances in order. I got I got all different kind of documents in order. I did exactly what they said. When they told me to take chemo, I did exactly. Brother Brandham said, "You go to the doctor, take his medicine." But I believe that we've got another power. We got another power. And they've warned me of ups and downs even at this point, but I want you to know if God got me this far, I don't mind running riding a roller coaster. Let's ride together. And so we thank you for that. Thank you so much for that. Amen. Now, just before brother Matt comes and I want Andrew to sing for us, but we'll see the lung team this week and the torso team and then in a week or so we'll see the kidney team. But God is the God that knows how to take care of a brain. And I want to give all you hope that is fighting cancer out there on the internet. Right. God can do this. When it looks so horrible, God will take your case. He'll take your case. And and he's been with me for five years. And I want to thank him for it. I just want to thank him and give him the thanks for it. And uh you pray for us as as we continue our journey. And uh it's not over yet. It's a long journey in front of us. They warned me. It's a long journey in front of me. You'll have to take chemo for quite a while. You'll have to go through these tests for years. But I said, "Lord, if you got me this far, if you got me this far, I knew when Sister Melissa came back to the Lord that we walked out of that pit together. Sister Melissa, I believe I can see the sun now. To God be the glory. To God be the glory for what he has done. Amen. Amen. I'm looking forward to hearing brother Matt. I've heard him so many times uh by internet and by meetings, but this will be my first time in public to hear him. And you know, I was sick all morning and vomiting all morning. And I Brother Tam and Brother Donnie said, "You going to church?" I said, "Yep. I want to hear him in person." Amen. If the devil's fought me this hard to not be here tonight, that means that Matt Watkins has got something for me to hear. Glory. the children of Israel when they'd go through their journey and they were making their way through the land, they would stop after a victory and they'd build themselves a an altar and they'd worship. This is a moment where you can lift up a shout and a praise to Almighty God. Hallelujah. This is no small thing. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Let's have a seiz. I want you to pull on the gift of God tonight. Brother Matthew is brother Matt Watkins is a very dear friend to us and his ministry is is it's spectacular and I know it's going to be a blessing to you. But I want you to pull on the gift of God. I want you to get what you came for and get more than what you came for. I want you to come here exceedingly abundantly getting ready to ask anything that you can ask of. Anything you can ask of right now. I want you to start thinking it in your heart while we get ready to sing this song that I know that my redeemer lives. I want you to ask big things. I want you to ask God something very specific tonight that God will answer answer the very questions of your heart. Do you believe that he's able? Amen. Oh, who taught the son where to stand in the morning? And who told the ocean you can only come this far? And who show the move? Word of high to man whose words alone can catch a falling star. And I know that my redeemer [Music] lives. Oh, I know that my redeemer lives. Oh, let all creation testify. Let this smile within me. Oh, I know. And my redeemer lives. The very same God who has been saint for me runs to the Oh, the warm and the [Applause] [Music] wind and holy way I'm broken will make death to bring me victory victory. Yes, I know that my Oh my Oh [Applause] my all creation testing my Lord and my redeemer lives. Take away my sins and he lives forever. [Music] Oh, the baby for my sin was the preious [Music] he and there. Yes, I know. [Music] [Music] My [Music] redeemer [Music] creation let [Music] My heart my redeemer lives. Can you give him a praise offering if you believe that he lives? Hallelujah. [Applause] Amen. Are you glad you serve a living savior? Amen. He's proved himself alive today. We heard a testimony about it today. He is the same yesterday, today, and he'll be the same forever. Amen. You can count on that kind of a God. Amen. We ought to give the Lord another hand clap of praise. He's worthy of all of our praise. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Give him praise for the things that he's done and the things that he's going to do. Amen. We can count on that. If God did it yesterday, he'll do it today. If he did it today, he'll do it tomorrow. Amen. He'll take us all the way. I'm so glad to serve that kind of a of a God. Amen. He is the same today. God bless you. Amen. It's just a uh an honor, such an honor to be here with you and a privilege to be standing here and I just count it such an honor. I really mean that. I I really think that I'm the least uh among anybody who could stand here. But I'm I'm just so grateful, amen, to to to be here with you, and I trust that the Lord will be able to use me this weekend. Amen. That's all I've prayed leading up to these services. Lord, just if you could use anything, use me this weekend, Lord. Amen. Speak through me. Amen. I appreciate Brother Ron. His uh I could just preach a whole hour on how much I appreciate Brother Ron. Amen. His ministry over the years since I was just a little boy. Uh hearing him there in Ruth, North Carolina, and uh told him had to confess today that I slept underneath the pew sometime on him on the sawdust there. But I was a little young, brother. I think I had a good excuse. But but uh his ministry has just meant so much to me and and I know the bride around the world feels that way. Amen. He's a walking, talking, breathing miracle. Amen. And every day that he gets up, he's a miracle. Amen. and and I believe his faith, you know, that's that sometimes it'll God will take somebody through something and then let them stand to that test and it will be the catalyst so that you could reach out and grab a hold of what you need in your life to say if God did it for him, Lord, then you're the same God today in my life. Amen. Why did Hatty Wright ask for her children? So that I could ask for mine. Why did God save hers? So, because God's going to save mine. And so, everything God did in the past, he does today. We believe that with all of our heart. Amen. I appreciate Brother Andrew so much. He's such a dear friend, him and Sister Katie. And that we got to be there and preach with him in in Belgium. And uh I'm still trying to figure out what he takes before every service he preaches to get that kind of energy. I thought is a five hour, two five-hour energies. I don't know what it is, man. I could tell you. And if and if he I really want to know what Brother Matt McClard's taking. My goodness. I think he I think he's got a little charge of the hol they got a charge of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Like brother Brandham said, when the devil had met Moses, he had met, you know, uh he had met uh you know, Isaiah, but he said when he touched Jesus, it sends the hairs off of his wings. He got a hold of a live wire. He was a He got a hold of something. Amen. So, we just love these brothers so much and I just count it such an honor. I bring greetings from my dad, my mom there in Buford, South Carolina. And and God bless you, Brother Doug, Sister Chassity. Good to see them. Amen. Good friends of ours from there. And we bring greetings from there. And and just uh Amen. He wanted me to send my greetings. And so we just love the Lord with all of our heart. Amen. If you don't know me, I'm Brother Matt Watkins and I'm nobody, but uh but I know somebody. Amen. And I and I just uh just want to say again how much how much of an honor it is to be here. Thank you for all the music. Amen. If you have your Bible, we'll turn to the book of Daniel, chapter 3. I'm sorry. First, we'll before we go to Daniel 3, we'll turn to 2 Samuel chapter 23. Amen. 2 Samuel chapter 23 and verse 8. I'm going to start this timer that I have. Our church at home loves this timer, Brother Ron. And I tell them every time I'm going to start it to keep to one hour. And uh I tell them though, I don't tell you when it goes off. You don't know that. I keep it on silent. And I think some people started setting it with me and they know when it goes off. But I tell them if I'm still preaching, I ain't done and it goes off. Well, we stepped into eternity now. Amen. But I I just u want to say what the Lord wants me to say. I want to preach to you tonight and uh I'm going to title this standing up to the bully. standing up to the bully. You believe the devil's a bully? Amen. He's a bully and he's relentless. He never lets up. Amen. But we've got a word to stand up against him today. Amen. Let's look here in 2 Samuel chapter 23 and verse 8. These be the names of the mighty men whom David had, the Tacmanite that sat in the seat, chief among the captains. The same was Adino the Esnite. He lifted up his spear against 800 whom he slew at one time. Now, I want just to take for a moment here and not take too much time to lay a foundation for this, but you'll notice when you study the army of David that he would have an entire army full of soldiers. But then in that great group of soldiers, in that great remnant, we could say that inside of that, there was a selected, elected, anointed 33 men that he had. And these were known as the mighty men, right? And so he begins to name them. But then even in that top 30, uh there was the top three. And so you see here that there's categories. It's not about fair or unfair. But then there was a great group, an outer group. But then within that there was a selected group of men who were mighty men. And then there was three who were known as the three mightiest men that David had. Let's look at verse 9. And after him was Elizer, the son of Dodo, the ahite. You could be a son of a dodo, brother Ron, and still be a mighty man. Praise the Lord. Notice this here. One of the three mighty men with David. When they defied the Philistines that were there gathered together to battle, and the men of Israel were going away, he arose and smoked the Philistines until his hand was weary and his hand clave unto the sword. And the Lord wrought a great victory that day, and the people returned after him only to spoil. Verse 11. And after him was Shyama, the son of a gee the Herite. And the Philistines were gathered together into a troop. I love this. Where there was a piece of ground full of lentils, and the people fled from the Philistines. Notice this. But he stood. Sometimes the victory begins when you just stand. He stood in the midst or the middle of the ground and defended it and slew the Philistines and the Lord wrought a great victory. Let's turn over to book the book of uh of Acts chapter 2 and then I'll have you be seated. Amen. Acts chapter 2. Very familiar scripture to us all and I just want to read just a portion of it here. Acts chapter 2. Verse 12 says, "And they were all amazed and were in doubt, saying one to another, what meanest this?" Others mocking said, "These men are full of new wine." But Peter, notice, standing up with the 11. I wish I could preach a sermon to you tonight on standing up because you realize how many times in the Bible God commands this. Stand up. Get up. Arise. And he says here, the Bible says that Peter standing up. Notice this here with the 11 lifted up his voice. I know a lot of people don't like preachers who shout and scream. Well, you wouldn't have liked Peter too much. The Bible says he lifted up his voice and said unto them, "You men of Judea and all that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto you and hearken to my words. These are not drunken as you suppose, seeing it as but the third hour of the day. But this is that which was spoken by Joel by the prophet Joel. And it shall come to pass in the last days, sayaeth God. I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh, and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams, and on my servants, and on my handmaidaidens. I will pour out in those days my spirit and they shall prophesy. Lord Jesus, we just bow our heads now. So thankful, Lord, that you've called us. So thankful, Lord, for your grace in our own life. How we could testify, Lord, of it. And look back down the road of our life. There's only one thing we can say of how we find oursselfves here on a Saturday night in church, Lord, with a hunger and a thirst for your word. There's only one thing that explains that, and that's your grace, oh God. We could have been anywhere else today, Lord, but we stand here tonight wanting more with our hands lifted up to say, Lord, I want more. I've received, Lord, but I ask for more tonight. I pray that you'd come and be the refreshment that someone's looking for. Be the encouragement in your word, Lord, that someone needs. I pray, oh God, that you would take my words, Lord, as I stand now here in great need of you, expecting, Lord God, to you for you to take complete control. I pray, God, that you would take the words that you've ordained me to speak, Lord, and may they be a weapon, Lord, to tear the devil's kingdom down. May they be an arrow of deliverance for someone who needs it tonight, oh God. May they pierce a sunder and divide both soul and spirit, both body and spirit, and contact the very soul of somebody today. Grant it, Lord Jesus, we pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. Brothers, if you have the slides, you can go ahead and display them and have that just ready for me if you could just advance with me. Got some just some quotes. I'd like to read some things. It's amazing when you think about this man Shaman and the Bible says that he stood in the midst of the ground, a ground full of lentils. You'll see this example all throughout the Bible of men who had to stand all by themselves when nobody else was there. When nobody nobody was there to encourage them, when nobody was there to pray for them. Yet they had to, like David, find something and draw from the well that God had put inside of them and encourage themsel in the Lord. The Bible tells us this, that Satan over and over, you could think of the examples of how that the devil is a bully. I'm preaching to you tonight on standing up to the bully. Think of how many examples I could think of of the devil being a bully. You know, it's amazing because Brother Barham tells a story about uh Peter Cartwright. You know that story really well and how that he stood up to a bully that came to try to shut down his meetings and up there washing windows and and washing some glass. And here comes Peter. Here comes that bully into town with the pistol on his side and said, "If you're going to hold your meetings, you're going to have to get through me." And and and brother Brandham, you know, is not making this story up. I actually went and looked it up. You could find it right on brother Google tell you history records this story of Peter Cartwright and how that the history says that Peter didn't have a conversation he didn't try to reason with him he didn't try to be a diplomat you know sometimes like we do with the devil and we try to make deals with him and and you know and and negotiate and negotiate about negotiations and but but Peter Cartwright history says just says all right got down off the ladder and says buddy that's the next thing that I'll do then and and history records that He whipped that bully. And then the next night, I think that that weekend of meetings, there was a few eight or nine men that came in the meetings trying to stir things up. And and and here it was again, Peter Cartrite again whipping some bullies and led those men to the Lord. Jesus got saved in those meetings. Friends, I think sometimes we ought to stand up to the bully in our life and don't try to talk to him. Don't try to negotiate with him. Just say, "Devil, if you want to come at me, the next thing that I'll do is I'll take the word of God, the sword of the spirit of God, and I will cut your head off. You come against my family, come against my children, come against my church. I'm not here to make negotiations or to be a diplomat. I'm here to give you the word of God." And the word on the mouth of a believer, the prophet of God said, "The word on the mouth of a believing Christian is the same as deity speaking. It has never failed in the mouth of a believing son or daughter of God. I think of men like this. It was Shama who would stand in the field full of lentils. You know, as a preacher, you try everything to pull out all the meaning of a word. And I tried everything to pull out the meaning of lentils. And I got to be honest, there ain't nothing there. It's just lentils. It was a full a field full of lentils. But the Bible says the significance is is that everybody around him ran. These were not heathens. These were children of Israel. These were sons of D. These were sons of God. These were the army of David. And the Bible says that they all ran for their life. But the scripture says that he stood. Let's pick it up here. He stood in the midst of the field and defended it. You know, I think it's so powerful sometimes when you got to stand all by yourself and there ain't nobody there. Shamba didn't have nobody to go on. He didn't have no nothing to go on. He's much like Shamgar when Shamgar had nobody to help him. Didn't have no resources. You know what Shamgar had? He had a losing record. And he here comes the enemy to take everything that he had year after year after year. The Bible says that here was Shamgar and he says year after year the Philistines would come and try to plunder what he had, take the food off of his shelves, take it from his family, take it from his children. You hear brother Brandham dramatize it there. And he says there was Shamgar, his little wife, you know, and and just skin to the just skin and bones. And he says, you know, there and and and and just year after year had plundered him. I mean, year after year, he had lost to the devil. the same exact enemy time and time and time again had beaten Shamgar and and and had taken everything that he owned. You know what's so powerful though? When you go read that that story of Shamgar, I'm going to give you something so so means so much to me. The Bible says that one day, do you know the power of one day? Do you know the power of one day? In other words, it didn't matter to Shamgar how many times he had lost before. this day was going to be different because he knew that God was not the God of yesterday, but that God is the God of one day, today, right now. Doesn't matter how many times I lost. Doesn't matter how many times I've been a failure. God is the God of today. His mercy is new. Today, today is the day of salvation. It's the power of one day. Shamgar said, you know what Shamgar said after he heard those Philistines? You imagine if we announce him, here's Shamgar. Here's the devil. 600 demon. These were soldiers, trained armies, a trained army coming marching down the road. Shamgar didn't have no weapons. He had no Tomahawk missile. He had no Blackhawk helicopter. He had no Raptors. He had no F-18s. He had nothing to fight these men. He He had nothing. You know what he had? He had the memory of how many times the devil had beat him at this before. Imagine announcing here's the devil. What is he? He's 30 and0. Here's Shamgar. His record is 0 and 30. He has lost and he lost again and he lost again and he lost again. But God was going to do something different that day. You know, you say, "Brother Matt, what changed between all the times he had lost and today?" I'll tell you what changed. Shamgar got suddenly a revelation that said, "You know what? Those are my children. This is my farm. This is not the devil's body. This is my body. And my body's a temple of the Holy Ghost. This is my family. That is my church. And the devil can't have them. You got to look at the devil in the eye and say, "Satan, those are my children. That is my body. This is my family. That is not your home. This is my house." Hallelujah. And you got to say, "It doesn't matter how many times I fought you yesterday and lost, Satan. Today is going to be different. Today is going to be different, Satan. They might have lost a hundred times, but today God's going to get a victory. He stood up against the bully in his own life. You can think of example after example of this of bullies that come against and you know, I think of Nebuchadnezzar and you can look at it in Daniel chapter 3. Let's look at it together. Maybe we'll do that just as we as we go along here. Daniel chapter 3. Let's look at this together. Very familiar to you. But I just want to uh just read it. Maybe you could just keep that up, brother. We could just read it here. It's totally fine. I want you to notice this here. Very familiar to you. Here was Nebuchadnezzar. And the Bible says that he's going to have this great feast and he's going to invite all of the all of the important people, the sheriff and the mayor and all of the governors and everybody's going to be there and he's going to have this great image that he erects for everybody to stand up, everybody to bow down to. Notice it here in verse four of Daniel chapter 3. And then a herald cried aloud said to you it is commanded oh people nations and languages that at what time you hear the sound of the cornet the flute the harp the sack the sultry doulamer all of this music and you fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king set up. Notice verse six. And who soleth not down notice who so fallth not down and worshipeth shall that same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace. Ain't that just like a bully? He uses words and he uses intimidation. I want to just take here just for a moment and show you that words are so powerful. Thoughts are a powerful thing. That's where it begins. But the the the the the words that are spoken have the power to change the atmosphere. You know, the word spoken, not thought of, not pondered upon. That's wonderful. But the word spoken, the Bible says, "Let the redeemed say so." And so there was a power even when we look at in in in Revelations chapter nine and it talks about how that the power was in his tongue. And and and the the Bible says that that the dra the great dragon uh with his tail he drew a third part of the sons of God. You remember that in Revelations chapter nine. And the Bible says that he threw a third he drew a third part of the stars of God. And it was it was the dragon's tail. But a prophet through prophetic insight said, "Notice it was not his tail t a i l, but it was his tail t a l e. It was what he spoke. You see, it was what the devil don't listen friends, the devil don't hate preaching. He's got a lot of preachers himself. He hates what's being preached. Amen. You see, it's the power of the spoken word. And with his tail, he with he drew a third part of the sons of God, which the brother Brandham tells us was the sons of Abraham who crucified Jesus. The angels were given free moral agency to believe the lie of the devil and they believe it and they became demons. That's what a demon is. It's a fallen angel. And they believe the tale or the sermon that Lucifer was speaking. And so the devil, notice this here, the devil is not, we think of some ghoulish, gobbish creature, but the devil is very religious. Brother Brandham said Cain was more religious than Abel was, right? And he says that he that that that there was what the devil spoke. It was the what he pro a false prophet will prophesy people into a tribulation. That's what a prophet said that a false prophet prophesies. It was a prophecy, something that he spoke with his mouth. And this was just like Nebuchadnezzar when he was speaking these words, who so fallth not down, in other words, intimidation. It's what the devil loves to do. He loves to get create fear. An atmosphere of fear will never breed faith. Fear breeds fear. That's why it's important the things that you feed upon, the people that you hang out with, the friends and associates that you have because those words feed you with something and they will either produce faith or they'll produce doubt. That's why brother Brandon made it very simple. There's only two influences you can be influenced by the devil or God. There's only two. And so those words begin to feed them with something and begin to create something, an anointing of using human faith to believe that lie and be damned by it. And so it would be a faith, a word that was spoken by Nebuchadnezzar. Whoever doesn't bow down shall that same hour be cast into the midst. Oh, it was very fearful. A an atmosphere of of fear using images of fear. Listen friends, I'm going to preach here because I feel the Holy Spirit is telling me, you know, sometimes he says go, other times he says break just for a moment here. I think it's so amazing because so many times we don't realize how much the things that we subject oursel to, I'm talking very natural things, influence our life and our atmospheres that we live in. We've had youth camp here at our in our church for a few years now and I've the Lord would give me grace last year and I spoke to my goodness I forget how many you youth camps that there were that we spoke to and just youth speaking to young people and prayer lines and you know it would come over and over and over and over again to the young people that battling depression, battling anxiety, battling fear, battling all these kind of things. I thought, my goodness, this is like it's like the dominating spirit of our age is a is is this anxiety and this pressure that we're constantly under and and and and thoughts of suicide and thoughts of, you know, uh self harm and cutting themselves at thought. My it's like it's like it's the the central demon or the spirit of our age to attack our young people. And I'm I'm just going to go ahead and say it. It's now moved beyond young people because it isn't only young people. Sometimes we criticize so much being addicted to, you know, social media and entertainment and YouTube. I think it's bled on past the young people and now we got full-grown adults and people that spend their time and spend their time. And I'm not I'm not preaching against anything here. I'm just I'm just here to say that we ought to be careful the things that we feed upon. I think it's time that we go back and check on the thing. Did you ever think that it's a it's not a mistake? If you ever look at Facebook or I'm just going to show my age here because I don't know some of the new things my kids pick on me all the time. And uh you know Facebook and Instagram and Tik Tok and and and and I'm just going to stop there because that's the only ones that I know. But they they feed you something. They're giving you something. You ever notice they're called a feed, brother Andrew? Cuz they're feeding you something. And people don't realize the very thing I want free of my anxiety. I want free of my fear. I want free of my depression. Sometimes I got to ask the question, do you realize the very thing that you want freedom from sometimes is the very thing that you are ingesting because you ingest those spirits. Many people died from COVID and and that's a terrible thing and a sorrowful thing. But a lot more people that never got COVID got the fear and ingested the spirit of fear that COVID came with. And it's done more damage to their spirit than he ever did to their body. Because that's the climate that we live in. It's an age of fear, of constant pressure, constant anxiety. You know what's so amazing though, Brother Ron? I've always noticed, never one time have I ever listened to a tape of God's prophet and when it was done, I felt fearful. Never one time have I listened to God's prophet and ever felt anxiety. I've never turned it off and felt I'm so nervous. I've never felt depressed. I've never felt worried. [Applause] I think it's time we shut the door to a dimension of demons and open a door to a dimension from heaven and let God send ministering spirits to encourage you. If there was ever a time for you to hear the voice of vindication of the seventh angel messenger, brother, it's right now. Right now, you ought to be playing tapes. Right now, you ought to be reading your Bible. right now. If there was ever a time we should be in in communion with the Holy Spirit, it's right now. That was free. I don't I don't know where I'm at, but I'm somewhere. And so amazing because we don't realize that the words of this this is the bully that we face. He uses, as David said, he's a whisperer. He whispers, as David said in Psalms 13, in my ear, he whispers his his sayings and the hiss of his tongue of my enemies. What's he trying to do? He's trying to anoint you with that fear. And you get so fearful and he backs you down into a corner. Sort of like Gideon was back down into a corner. You notice Hiden knew that he was a son of Abraham, but he was just hiding there. And if the devil can do anything, he'll get us so intimidated by things. Listen friends, he will put fearful thoughts in your mind. I've realized a long time ago, the devil will never take me to hell because God already went there. I was identified with him and his death, his burial, and his resurrection. And I could never go to hell no more than God can go to hell. But he will try to make my life on earth a living hell by affecting me with fear and anxiety and worry. Listen, sometimes the devil will create thoughts in your mind and you will end up he'll he'll put thoughts in your mind of things that will never happen. They'll never happen. But if he can get you to start to think and dwell on those things, you'll start to live in the reality of something that will never take place in your life. It'll tell you about what's going to happen to your children. It going to tell you what's going to happen to your family. Going to tell you what's happening to your health. You get a little, you know, little pain in your body and your next thing you know, you're googling it and before you know it, you've self- diagnosed yourself with every kind of, you know, diseases that haven't even been uh named yet. And what does it mean when I have acid reflux and a stomach bug and my right ear hurts and then my left shoulder moves? And I guarantee you, type that in, Google will give you a a disease that you probably have. And the devil will try to project an image of a life that you were never called to live. He'll try to false prophesy over your life, but it's a false prophecy. He'll try to tell you he'll you'll lose your children. They're never going to come back. You lose your home. They're never going to come back. You're going to lose your health. You're he'll put all kinds of things and paralyze you. And you will live I've seen people living in the reality of something that will never take place in their life. And so he he gets this fear factor upon them. Oh, if you don't bow down, you shall that very same hour be cast in the midst of a burning fiery furnace. And then notice the intimidation here. I love this. And and he says here, he says, "Who so followth not down shall be cast. Therefore, at that time when all the people heard the sound, here was the music. Here was the atmosphere. Here was the rhythm and everybody's coming. Here comes that moment. and all of the music when they heard the sound of the beat and the cornet and the flute and the harp and all this. The Bible says that when they heard that they fell down and worshiped that image. But he says, "Yet therefore there were certain Chaldans came near and accused the Jews. They spake and said to King Nebuchadnezzar, oh king, live forever. Thou, oh king, made a decree that at what time you hear the sound of the music that you shall fall down and worship." And verse 11 says, "And whoever doesn't fall down, uh, shall that same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace, and there are certain Jews whom thou has set over the affairs of the province of Babylon, Shadrach, Meak, and Abedneo. These men, oh king, God not regarded thee. They serve not thy gods, nor worship the golden image that thouast set up." Then Nebuchadnezzar in his rage and fury commanded to bring these men, Shadrach and Abedneo, Meshach, and they brought them to the king. Notice what happens. Everybody's going a certain way. Everybody bows down, but these three boys are standing up, sticking up like a sore thumb. You know why? Cuz they were different by design. Let me say, you are not them. And God made it that way. I said, "You are not them. We are not them." And I'm not picking on anybody. I'm not making anybody any less. I'm just here to tell you that by the grace of God, you are not of them. So don't try to be like them. We shouldn't preach like them. We shouldn't sing like them. We shouldn't look like them. We shouldn't dress like them. We ought to be different cuz God's family is different by design. Hallelujah. We speak a different language than they speak. And notice here they're sticking up like a sore thumb, not bowing. And then he accuses the he accuses them. Oh, there's certain men here. So he's angry. He brings them forward. The Bible says Nebuchadnezzar raged fury brought them forward. He spoke unto them. Notice here in verse 14 and said, is it true? Is like really guys? Really, you're gonna stick out like a sore thumb. You just don't want to go with the flow. Come on. What's so important about that? I'm going to tell you what's important. Go ahead, brother. Advance to the next slide. I'm going to give you something John Wesley said. He said, "What one generation tolerates, the next generation will embrace." You see, that ground full of lentils might have looked like just lentils. What's the big deal, Shama? Just give an inch. Come on. Just give an inch. You got enough? God's done enough for you. Come on. Is it really important? Come on. Don't Can't we sort of, Brother M, can't we sort of dumb down the message just a little bit? Make it a little bit more palpable for people. Do we got to be so extreme on some of these things? Come on. Just give an inch. Come on, Shama. Come on. Just Just give up the field full of lentils. Let me just say this to you. Small defeats will always lead to large disasters. Small defeats. When you give up the smallest inch to the devil, the smallest thing in your life, and we abandon some of those things that used to be so important to us, the devil will always infest and he will always infiltrate the things that we abandon. He will always fill up those little areas, the little foxes as the Bible says that spoil the vine as to the devil's playhouse. He will take those little inches that you give him and little victories will always lead to big disasters. It might look like nothing to nobody else. And what's the big deal? Sha, come on. Just give a little inch. Everybody else is running. Just give them. We got the rest of the land. What's a what's the big deal if one person get you know come come on can't we just give the devil an inch here? Can't we just allow the devil? I know. Look, we got all of the church. Why go after that one who's struggling? Why go after that one? Come on. Don't we have enough? It hasn't God Come on. It's It's too big, too hard of a battle. Do we really got to stand for it like that? I mean, God's done enough. But to Shama, he knew that this one little thing, just one, just like small defeats lead to massive disasters, small victories lead to Goliath's slain on the ground. Little victories in David's life. Though nobody was watching and nobody was looking out there in the field when he slayed the lion, there was nobody to give him a, you know, to a pep talk. There was no preacher to try to, you know, try to encourage him. But the Bible says that when nobody else was watching and nobody else was there in a little field, there was a shepherd boy who slayed the lion and he slayed the bear. And David when he come before Goliath, he looked back at the little stones. He looked back at the little stepping stones. It would be those victories in private that would lead to a public victory called the slaying of Goliath. And brother, let me tell you, don't you ever despise the day of small things. I'm talking about the little moments when you take a stand for the word of God and say, "I'm not going to compromise. I'm not going to give in to the devil. I'm going to stay on my knees. I'm going to stay in my prayer closet. I'm going to stay worshiping the Lord in spite of what the what it looks like in my circumstance. Little victories, private victories lead to public success." Notice here at what time he says and is it true? Is it true? Really guys, in other words, do you not serve my gods? Worship verse 14. The golden image. Now, if you be ready, go ahead, boys. Play it again. These guys just made an honest mistake. Go ahead. if you be ready. Shamosh, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo. Come on, boys. Play the music again. These guys just made an honest mistake. I know they didn't mean to. They're going to bow this time. He says, "If you be ready, and you hear the sound of the flute, the harp, all of this." He says, "But, but but if you worship not, you shall be cast down that same hour into the midst of a burning fiery furnace." And then he says, "And who who is that God? that shall deliver you out of my hand. Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo answered and said to the king, "Oh Nebuchadnezzar," I love this. We are not careful to answer thee in this matter. In other words, let me give you my generation what they would say. Talk to the hand, devil, cuz you ain't worth my time. You ain't worth my attention. You don't deserve an answer. I ain't here to talk to you, Satan. You ain't worth any of my energy. You ain't worth my attention. I'm a believer. I'm a son of Abraham. And it doesn't matter what you come against me with. Hallelujah. We're not careful to answer that. You ought to tell that to the devil sometimes. Satan, you ain't worth the time a day for me to negotiate and talk to you about this. The God whom I serve is able to deliver me out of the hands of the fiery burning fiery furnace. Notice verse 17. If so be our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace and he will deliver us out of thy hand. Oh king. I love a lot of people can have verse 17 faith. That's easy. But can you go on further to verse 18? Can you live in verse 18? You see God, the God of the impossible only shows up when you meet verse 18 kind of faith. Verse 18 verse 17 said God's able. Our God whom we serve can. But verse 18, notice it says, "But if not, hold on. Do you know what you're saying, Shadrach? But if if if not, that means if you burn, that means if you go." And he doesn't. But if not, I want to show you the kind of resolve of a mighty man of God. You see, to a mighty man of God, it's not about the results of the prayer. To a mighty man of God, it's not about the substantive things that happen or don't happen. To a man of God, it's about the principle. It's about the standard of the word of God. Shadrach, Meach said, "I want to let you know, devil, the God whom I'm served is able. But I want you to also know, hear my voice, that even if he doesn't, I still won't bow to your image. I still won't bow down. I still won't compromise. It doesn't matter if God doesn't save, that don't mean he's not a savior. It doesn't mean it doesn't matter if God don't deliver. That changes nothing. My God whom I'm served is a healer whether he heals or not. He's a savior whether he saves or not. Oh, can you preach with me tonight? a a church, the God whom we serve. It was that kind of faith that produced the fourth man. Can I go a little further? You see, it's that kind of faith that's so missing in the generation that we have today. It's that kind of faith, that kind of attitude of real men, mighty men of God who stand for a principle. As brother Mandam says, stood for a principle. Where's our John Quincy Adams? He said, men of principle, men of courage, men who take a stand in spite of what happens, in spite of what it will cost them, in spite of their reputation. Men who stand. Oh, men who it doesn't matter to them what it costs them. Men who will take a stand. As John Wesley said, what we live in in the age, the age of tolerance. And if we ever needed men to stand, if we ever needed the real identity of true sons manifested sons of God, I believe it's right now, church, we live in a generation where a man don't know what a man is. Doesn't know what a can't define what a woman is. Come on. It's in our schools. It's in our politics. It's in our education systems. It's an anointing that's came upon this age. Oh, well, we've got Trump in the office. Thank God for that. But let me just tell you, friends, don't be fooled. Don't fall into the deception of this world. The in Revelations 13, the same America who spoke like a lamb one day will speak like a a dragon. It's in I men don't know what a man is. Don't know how to take a stand. Don't know how to stand for anything. Everybody's so careful about stepping or hurting somebody's feelings or saying the wrong thing. And you got to correctly say it. And you know, we got to we got to be careful, brother Matt, how we how we say things. We got to be careful, you know, how we uh illustrate things because we sort of live in that age, you know, and everybody's so walking around eggshells like walking around everybody's feelings. And you know what the problem with that is? You know what the problem is when you don't speak the truth is that the truth is the only thing that will set someone free. I said the truth spoken the way it was written. I'm going to stop right there. I just go ahead and say it. We don't need to doctor up this message. We don't need to try to modernize this message. We don't need to try to make it more appealable to somebody. I say we ought to say it the way a prophet said it and let the truth break the chains of the enemy. We are so careful. This is how the devil wants us. So careful how we say it. So careful, you know, they don't know what a man is. Don't know what a woman is. Live with people that, you know, I'll tell you what, you say, "Well, that's a, you know, that's just because of, you know, the the the, you know, the woke agenda." I'm going to tell you what, friends. You can call it what you want. I'll tell you what I believe. I believe in the fifth vision that brother Brandham of the seven visions he had seen the transgender movement. He seen the movement of men not knowing what a man is and a woman not knowing what a woman is. He said I prophesied and I seen that a woman took the man's place to vote and he he pointed to to I love Lucy and said it was the dumbing down of the man. Nothing. He said what's wrong with I love Lucy? What's wrong with you know brother Matt seems so harmless? you know, seems so, you know, so innocent. Yeah. Yeah. Well, the problem is is that a prophet is like a watchman on a wall. You know what the watchman's job was to do? The watchman's job was not to stand on the wall and look down when an enemy was putting ladders on the wall and say, "Hey, boys, we got a problem." That wasn't the watchman's job. Anybody could do that. Anybody could identify the enemy that's invading the church. But it took a watchman who could look and see far off way before the enemy was there and he could identify not the fruit but he could identify the seed. Now you see why brother Brandon preached against things like staying home on a Wednesday night to watch I Love Lucy because he was a watchman who was anybody could look at a fruit and say if I gave you an orange here's an orange here's an apple but if I gave you the seeds of those could you identify what they are. So I'm so thankful today that we had a watchman who was on the wall who identified the enemy long before he ever showed up on our walls. He identified the enemy and said, "I prophesy to you in the name of the Lord, the world will go completely insane." It's an age of neurotics, an age of neurosis to where men have lost their minds. They've lost what it means to be a man, lost what it means to be a woman. Everybody's out of their place and everybody's so afraid to hurt each other's feelings. I got a good friend back home, Brother Travis, and he came up with a statement. I used it. I'll use it here again tonight. He said, "F, let me tell you what I believe. Feelings are overrated." Go ahead, write that down. It's powerful. Feelings are overrated. Put that on a t-shirt and wear it. Because we gotten so careful about how we dance around feelings, how we say it. But do you know that when you water the word down, it dilutes it and you lose the effect. You lose the effect that it can have. You abort its effect. If you hybrid it, you abort its effect. If you water it down, you abort its effect. I think I just want to say it this way. Preach it the way God spoke it and it will bring the results that he promised it would bring. Say it the way he said it. Oh, I believe it's time we have men and women of God who say, "Preach it to me, preacher. Preach it the same way God spoke it. Don't dance around my feelings. Don't try to walk around it. Just tell me the way that it is, brother. Speak it the way that the Bible wrote it. But the devil gets us into such a tolerance. He's a bully gets into such a tolerance to where we tolerate things and we tolerate things and then what starts off, you know, so small then eventually invades and gets larger and it gets larger and it gets larger. Oh, but I could hear the words of a prophet. I love this so much. He says be he says, "Dear God, I pray." And he says, "Oh," he says, "Uh, oh, wait, let me just find my place here." He says, "Oh, God, that's like the pull pit. Where is man?" Man, that's man that stands for a principle. Where's women that stands for a principle? Where's a church that stands for a principle? Principle principle. He says, "I ain't got a nickels worth of time for a wishy-washy give in compromising spirit. A woman is a woman, let her be a lady. If a man is a man, let him be a man. If he's a president, where's our John Quincy Adams? Where's our Abraham Lincoln's men of principle? Where's our Patrick Henry that said, "Give me liberty or give me death." Where's a man that stands for what's right? Where's a man that's not afraid to speak out regardless? The whole world's against him. speak out for what's right and stand for it and die for it. Where's our Arnold von Winker? He says again today, where is men of integrity? Whereas men with a spirit, they're so wishy-washy, gummed up until they don't know where they stand. There was ever an identity of this age, it's that quote right there. But can I tell you about men who stood No matter what it cost them, I think of what it how important it was for the Bible says that Peter stood up. He stood up. I'm going to tell you something. We've you think of Acts two and sometimes if you're not careful, you you create an imaginary scene that's not real. It wasn't. Acts two is not about a massive group of people and the whole crowds are just cheering and chanting and everybody's just happy. Listen, the Bible says that Acts two, Peter's sermon was in the face of mockers and scoffers. That's right. And critics. I tell you what, a true move of God will always produce two people. It'll always produce those who come under the effects of that revival. And it will also produce critics of that revival. A real move of God will always produce murmuring and complaining and critics. And they said, "Oh, who are these people?" you know, full of new wine. They're it's they're just drunk on new wine. Listen, you know what the Bible says that Peter stood up with the 11. Oh, I I start I was studying this message and this sermon and I just wrote it in my notes. I said, I I hope this don't sound weird, but I am so glad that I'm a preacher. Hallelujah. I am so happy if there was ever a time I said, "God, thank you that you called me to preach the gospel because if I didn't, I don't know what I would do. I'd be like fire, like Jeremiah said, shut up in my bones." I'm so glad that I can have a chance to use my voice to speak against the bully of this age. I'm so glad God has given me a weapon called the word of God and I can stand against the enemy. I'm so glad that in an age of cowards, we got some men of God who will stand for the word of God and use their voice to preach it with all of their heart. I read that and Peter stood up. I said, "God, thank you that I can stand with the 11." Thank you that you've given me the cho the opportunity to stand for the word of God. Men like Joshua, men like uh you you even read it there as the Bible says they stood up like Stephen. The Bible says Stephen being stoned. He stood up and he declared what did he do? He was taking a stand for the word of God. You take men like like in in in in Joshua chapter 3 when they were going to cross over the Jordan and the Bible says that those high priests I love this example so much brother Ron because notice here here was the Jordan River and it was it represented what? Death represented, brother Adam said, represented death, represented sin, the crossing over. And the Bible says that Joshua was commanded to take 12 men, one out of each tribe to represent. These were Levites, Levitical priesthood men who were going to represent all of Israel. And the scripture says that he says, "Take a man, every one of you." He says, "Take one for each tribe." And he says, "And I want you I want you to I want you to see the significance of standing for the word of God." The Bible says that he told them, Joshua, have the priest put their foot in the Jordan. Now remember, Jordan represents death, it represents sin, right? And the scripture says that when the priest feet, not when they think about it now, not when they're trying to muster up the courage to do it, but it says when they actually put their foot in the Jordan, then the water will part. Now, not the whole Jordan, just that portion where he's standing. And so the first priest steps in, the next he puts his other foot down, and then the water parts. And then the next priest stands in, and then the water parts a little bit more. And then the next priest, Gad and Ruben and Manasseh and and Nefali and all of these Levites who were representing, notice, they were representing the whole nation. that behind their ministry was represented families and fathers and mothers, thousands of people, but they had a representative who stood for them. And he put his foot in the Jordan. And notice the Bible says that as they put their foot, footsteps mean possession. And sometimes God's waiting for you to take that risk and put your foot in there before that water will part. And the Bible says that he lines them up this way and he says all of the priests when all all 12 of them are there then Jordan you'll have a tunnel going through the middle that'll lead from this side to that side. Oh glory. And the Bible says that the people shall pass between the priests and the people will pass through them. Notice this here. I hate to do it to you brothers but come up here you too brother Matthew. Even with a bro I won't say a broken arm but a arm and a cast. Come on. Come on. Stand up here. Could Could you brothers could you stand for me? Just line up facing each other. Brother Matthew, you here? Just face each other just that way. I want you to notice that these were this is the order that God has them to cross over into Canaan. And he says that as their feet, as they stand in the water, do you now see how important it is that they stand in the Jordan for the word of God, that they're not ashamed, that they're not fearful, that they're not intimidated by the devil, but they stand no matter what it costs them, no matter what it what kind of what they Listen, friends, these men will go through things that you will never go through. They will endure battles that you will never understand. But I want to tell you they are representing your families and your fathers and your mothers and your young people. They're stand for the word of God. And notice the Bible says that as the people pass through the Jordan, they cross to the other side. Do you now see how important it is? What would happen if one of these brothers took their feet out of the Jordan? Do you realize what would happen, brother, if we would stop preaching? Come on, somebody. Do you realize what happened if we compromised for the word of God? Do you realize what would happen if these brothers bow down to your feelings? What would happen if preachers put their Bibles down? What would happen if preachers stopped preaching the word of God? Jordan sin would flood our churches. It'd flood our youth groups. It'd flood our music. It'd flood our homes. Oh, you ought to thank God for a ministry that'll stand for the word of God. Oh, hallelujah. Do we have a church that says, "Preach it, Brother Ron. Preach it, Brother William. Preach it, Brother Andrew. Keep preaching the message over the hour. Don't compromise. Don't water it down. Say it the way a prophet said it. [Applause] Hallelujah. Thank you, brothers. But now Joshua says, I want you, notice how important their stand is. I want you to take a stone from each place where they stood. Go read your Bible. Firm. the place where they planted their foot down. I'm going to tell you what, it was a firm stand. It was a firm stand. They stood for the word of God. They stood for the message of the hour. They stood for the truth of God's word. Tell you a little testimony. I use that same exact example in a church. I won't say where, but it was a church in another country. And I had no idea when I went into that church. The brother didn't tell me nothing. I had no way of knowing. Went to multiple churches. And God inspired my heart so much. And I was praying about what to preach before I went out for just driving there. Said, "Lord, give me what? Not just something good. Give me something that's right. Give me something that is for right now, right at this time, right at this moment." And I was just struggling over what to preach. And then the voice of the Lord just spoke to my heart and so confirmed it. And I said, "I know exactly what I'm going to preach." And the interpreter, the pastor who had brought me there as his as his guest, and he said, "Brother Mann," he said, "do you have a a title for tonight? Do you know what you're going to preach?" And I told him, I said, and I gave you my title, standing for the word of God. And he said, "John 3." He quotes my scriptures, the chapter, and the verse. He said, "You'll read from here. You read from here." And I thought, "My goodness, how did he know exactly what I was going to read?" And he didn't tell me nothing. After the service, he told me, he said, 'Brother Matt, this morning, he said, 'I went, He's a school teacher. He said, 'I went to work. And he said, the audible voice spoke to my heart and said, 'Go to brother Matt's church and get on their website and listen. Out of all the sermons I could have ever preached, he found that one from a year, I think it was a year before that. And he said, "God told me, listen to this sermon today." And he was going to interpret that sermon tonight. Brother, you want to talk about an anointed interpreter? He preached it better than I preached it. He knew what I was going to say before I could even say it. Before a while, I mean this uh before long, he was here and I was over here looked like the interpreter. And little did I know that there was the that church was in great turmoil because the pastor who had stood for the message for years and years and years had had got dementia and he and it sort of you know it just uh they they felt to you know he couldn't preach. So these men who were deacons of the church and and and officers of the church had taken over and I had no no idea about anything. He told me this all afterwards. Thank God. It's a church, a massive church, several hundred believers. And and and little did I know that these men were trying to slowly lead the people out of the message. And they they had been preaching things not to my not to my knowledge at all about how how we don't need a prophet. We don't need to quote what a prophet said. We don't need to say brother Brandham said. How could you ever get to that place to where you say we don't need to say that's what a brother a man claims to believe the message try to tell me brother Matt come on do we you always say brother Brandham said and brother Brandham don't you know what people think when they come in church they hear you say brother Brandon brother Brandon brother Brandon brother Brandon brother Brandham you got to say brother Brandham brother Matt come on when are we ever going to get past saying uh brother Brandham said I said brother I want to let you know right now I will never get past saying brother Brandham said I will never get past saying this is what God's prophet said I said I tell you what, I also give you some scripture. Jesus said that it might be fulfilled the word spoken by Isaiah the prophet. John said that it might be fulfilled the word spoken of Malachi the prophet. Paul said that it might be fulfilled the word spoken by Jeremiah the prophet. I say if Paul could quote a prophet, if Jesus could quote a prophet. If John Oh, help me preach tonight. We ought to say what a prophet said. I will not apologize. Hallelujah. In fact, I will be identified by the voice of that prophet one day because he preached what Paul preached. That's what these men were trying to say. Why do we got to say what brother Brandon said? Brother is brother and and and I didn't know know any of this. Didn't know all of it. Didn't know any any bit of it. He said they're trying they were solely trying to lead the church out of the message and believe the whole, you know, thing here to disbelieve. And little did I know any of that. So I'd used the same exact example that I just used and I called every single one of those men individually out of the audience to stand there. And when they were standing there representing the 12 tribes, I said, "Do you realize what would happen if these men started saying we don't need to say what brother Brandon said?" Do you realize what would happen if these men started compromising the message of the hour? That church came on fire. I didn't realize what I was saying. I couldn't even finish my words. The building about exploded when I said that. That brother told me said, "Brother Matt, you use the very same men." I want to tell you a testimony. That brother told me about six months later, he said, "Brother Matt, God has turned the whole situation around. They have ran those men out of the church and they are standing for the word of God today." Oh, hallelujah. That's my God. He'll defend his own word. Hallelujah. It's many will stand for a principle. Stand. Stand for a principle. Siri says, "I got three minutes. Can I have them?" God, let me stand. Brother Brandham says, "God, let me stand with the principles of one man, the word of Jesus Christ. For heaven and earth shall pass away, but this word will never pass away. And on this rock, I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. Brother, I got to tell you something here as the Lord inspired me to say it. It is our commission. We are not asked. I want to preach this. We are not asked. We are not suggested. We have actually been commanded to preach the word of God. Paul said, Timothy, I charge you by the living God who shall judge the quick and the dead. Preach the word of God. Be instant in season, out of season. We have been commissioned. And I want to go further than that. It is the commission of the bride to prophesy again. Amen. I want to say it was the commission of Moses to take the very thoughts of God and write them down on the tablets of stone. He was commissioned commanded to do that. It would then be the Apostle Paul. Can I preach you this here for a moment? It was then the commission and the charge to Paul to write the New Testament and express the hidden wisdom and the deep mysteries of God. It was then the commission and the charge to the seventh angel to declare the mysteries of God that were given by the apostle Paul and to unveil the mighty God before us as declared in Revelations 10:7. And then it would be these divinely revealed truths, preach with me, that will literally turn the hearts of the children back to the faith of the apostolic fathers. Oh, but can we not stop there? It is now the commission of the bride of Jesus Christ to eat the book. And you must you must what is it? It's a charge. You must prophesy again to many nations, tongues, tongues, people. So you must recognize that just as Moses was commissioned and anointed, just as Paul was commissioned and anointed, just as you say, just as brother Matt, just as the seventh angel was commissioned, this bride speaking, thus saith the Lord under her messenger will be the final voice to the final age. Brother Brandham says, "As that headstone nears the body, those in the true church will be so much like Christ. They will be in his very image." As the headstone nears the body, the dynamics of this church will be a refilling of the baptism of the Holy Ghost of which we have worked in a small measure. But as the headstone nears the body, the full power of the Holy Ghost will be given to her in so much that even the dead that's been dead for hundreds of years will come up out of the grave. It is your commission. It is not an option. It is not an option. Friends, can you preach with me here tonight? It is not an option. It's our commission. And he says here, notice this. Okay, Siri, I got you. Can we go into overtime? We must eat the book. And can I just say just as every listen I can hear brother Brandham say it. I love it so much how he shows that in countdown and he shows that there was ever out of every age he says notice as as science advanced it was only the sign or indication of where God was at in history. Right? the horse and buggy. And brother Brandham says, "Notice the automobile. What was it?" It was man inventing. They thought they were inventing, but he says they were only taking the resources that was always in the earth. And then what brother Adam random said, he said, John, he said, listen that when they discovered the automobile, you know, John Henry Ford didn't discover something new. It had been there since the days of Adam. Thank God he discovered it. Cuz I wouldn't have wanted to come here on a horse and a buggy, brother Andrew. And you know, can I go further than that? And brother Brandham says just about the time that the Wright brothers, he says, we're discovering flight, there was a little group in Isuza Street, in a dingy, dark down street in a building nobody thought anything about. He says, "Just as the Wright brothers were coming off the ground, there was a church getting off the ground. And thank God they discovered the jet aircraft. I could be here in an hour." But you know what's so powerful? What Brother Brandham said? He said that. Notice the materials were already in the earth. They didn't discover them. They didn't create them. Sorry. They discovered because of what, brother Matt? because they excavated. Oh, because they dug. Because they didn't stop with what people said was impossible. They didn't listen to the bullies who said just leave it alone and he got to be a weirdo. They didn't stop with all the critics. They kept believing. You know why Christopher Columbus discovered the new world when everybody thought he was a quack. Couldn't get no money from any king. But history records that Columbus was determined. He believed there was something more beyond what was on the horizon. History records he actually went blind. Christopher Columbus because he gazed so much at the horizon. Because even after discovering the new world, he said, "I'm determined." Went to the king of of Spain and said, "I'm determined that there's more to be discovered." Oh, I think that ought to be the commission of the church of the living God. We ain't going to settle looking back to yesterday. There's more to be discovered. There's something waiting. God having left something better for us. You know what the history of course about the Wright brothers? The Wilbur and Orville Reich, North Carolina. And they discovered flight. You know, it wasn't a popular thing to believe in flying in the 18 early 1800 early 1900s. Wasn't popular, man. You were called a weirdo. You were called a quack. Come on. Flying. It was impossible. It was impossible. They they they they you know they they they lost their reputation. Couldn't get no funding. You know what the schools did? A college school funded by the government spent thousands at that time would have been thousands of dollars. But scientists, researchers, men of college education. Wilbur didn't have no college education. Orville was just a North Carolina boy. Didn't have no kind of financing behind him. Didn't even I don't think graduated. Might have graduated high school. I don't know. Had no formal education. But he had a belief. He had a belief that man had came past the horse and buggy. He came past the automobile. But there's more to be discovered. And he was rejected. You know what though? I just read a letter. Let me read it to you. I think I pulled it up here. He finally at the end of it all wrote a letter to some men. If I got it here. He he wrote a letter to Octavius Shenoot. And this is in the early 1900s when he's laughed at. He's ridiculed. He says, "It's impossible, man." What will they You know what that for forgive me. They They spent thousands of dollars from that college. And you know what they discovered? Man can't fly. It's impossible. It'll never be done. It'll never be done. We've already spent the research. We've already scientifically looked at it. We can already tell you, Wilbur, you're out of your mind. They'll never fly. We've got men of redee men of education, men with degrees. Listen, you ain't got no education. All of our doctors of divinity, all of our doctors of science have said it's impossible. Man will never fly. He'll never get up off the ground. Wilbur finally pinned a letter and he says, "For some years," this is his letter, "for some years, I want to tell you, I have been afflicted with the belief that flight is possible to land. My disease has increased in severity, and I feel that it will soon cost me an increased amount of money, if not my life. I've been trying to arrange my affairs in such a way that I can devote my entire time for a few months to experiment in this field." What was it? He was afflicted. Oh, if he could be afflicted with the belief that man will fly and the material was already there. Can I just preach to you and say that the body change and the rapture of the church. [Applause] The material is already here. And I am afflicted with a belief. I am afflicted with a disease that we shall be changed in the moment, in the twinkling of an eye. I am afflicted with a belief that there will be somebody who takes a stand against the enemy. There'd be words that would anoint and attire. Can I go just a few more minutes? Man, I feel like preaching. It would be men. It would be actually revelations 9 would prophesy of it of th,200 million demon spirits bound at the river Euphrates that tigress the Nile and the Euphrates flowed out of Eden. Abraham's from Mesopotamia means he's between from between the two rivers. You go look at Euphrates on a map. You'll find that what's on the other side of Euphrates was is Israel, Judea, the land of Israel. And the Bible says that they were bound there until a certain day. Come on. Revelations 9 until a certain hour. In other words, this was specific that these 200 million demon, brother Brandham says that they were they feast of the trumpets. He says they were not literal beasts. They were not physical horsemen, but these were spiritual chargers. This was a spiritual army. Brother, you can go ahead and display it here. I hope this don't scare the liver out of you, but you can display that next one. I I display this at a youth camp. realized I had to give the young people a minute to catch their breath before I kept preaching. They looked at that picture. I asked good old chat GPT. I love it when he does good things. People use them for dumb things. I said, "Create me an image of what Revelations 9, the chargers of Revelations 9 would look like." My goodness. But I'm going to tell you what they were. They were supernatural demon chargers. that brother Brandham says was loosed spiritually, not physically, not demon swords of Jassith and Jasper and all of these kind of things breathing fire out of their nose, but they were bound. But the prophet of God picks this up. It's so powerful. And he says, notice they were bound at the river Euphrates wanting to go over to uh persecute the Jews. And he says, "But they were bound there, but under the sixth trumpet, they were when a seventh angel messenger starts to declare those demon that those spirits would be released upon the the Jews." Brother Brandham says it was the old pagan empire, old Roman Empire, sorry. He says that was that was revived. And the prophet of God said, if you believe what a prophet said, he says that spirit that was released under that sixth trumpet, got on men like Stalin, Hitler, Ikeman, Mussolini. Imagine that. Here's was that spirit that was released. It was into the atmosphere. You say, "What atmosphere?" The fourth dimension where brother Brandon says is the dimension of science. It's the traveling dimension. Remember, it's the communication. It's where he said prophets operate, see visions and dreams is in that fourth dimension. It's where diseases exist. It's that dimension of science. Notice you got a phone here and on that phone is it pulling into the dimension. Brother, I'm going to say it this way. There's in this room right now there's the voices of picture radio and he says murder, all kinds of terrible things happening, but you can't see it. You don't hear it, but yet it's here right now. And he says, "All you need is a receiver that can tune into that dimension and it will begin to pull down what was already there." And brother Brandham says that notice here that that that that in the in the in the sixth seal as we know which brother Brandham says the tribulation seal. But but brother Brandon says in the sixth seal that that spirit released a he calls it a pre-tribulation. He says that that the Jews under Hitler went through an amateur tribulation. Right? Come on, somebody. So, in other words, under the releasing of that sick seal, there was an anointing that came. And he says, what was that? Another place, brother Brandham says this, and I think three places. He says, God cannot destroy the earth until the people get in the spirit of destruction first. Right? And he says, "You got to get into the re spirit of a revival. Before you can have a revival, spirit of a healing service, we're ready to have a healing service." And he says, "And before God can pour out his wrath, the people have to first get in the spirit of wrath. They have to get Don't you realize that's what's happening today in our school? some of these professors standing with Hamas. You'd never be able to explain how thousands of soldiers of Hamas could go and cross over the border and slay babies and slay mothers and slay innocent people outside of a pre-tribulation anointing of destruction. And they have lost their minds. They've went insane. And then you got teachers in America and professors in America who will stand for that. Come on, friends. It's no wonder. You say, "How did it happen?" It was because of Biden. It was because of Hillary. It was because of And we've named so many people. I'm going to tell you why. Because a book that they have kicked out of their schools. A book that they have rejected prophesied. And a prophet said, "I prophesy to you in the name of the Lord, the world will go completely insane." And they didn't realize it. But they're under a pre-tribulation six seal anointing that causes them to come under destruction. And listen friends, America will fall under it. Zechariah 12 says that all the nations of the earth, a gentile army will surround and encompass Jerusalem to destroy it. Oh, but when you mess with Israel, you mess with the apple of God's eye. When you mess with the family of God, you are messing with the wife of Jehovah himself. And when you pick on Israel, you are picking on the apple of his eye. God says, "In that day, I will come down to fight for Israel. And I will pour out my spirit of grace and supplication." And notice this here. They fell under a pre-tribulation anointing of destruction. Well, I just happen to believe, brother Ron, that if there was a pre-tribulation anointing that anoints an entire people and prophesies them into the mark of the beast and the tribulation, then there must be a seventh seal anointing that was released at the coming of the Lord. Oh, h, somebody help me preach tonight. And if they can use an anointing to go insane, I believe I have an anointing that I could come under to believe every word, to declare every promise, to stand for everything God gave me. We're under that anointing right now. And one day it'll change our bodies. Say, "What is the body change, brother Matt?" It is only my body receiving what my soul has already received. And they didn't know they were under that anointing. Hitler didn't know it when he started preaching his sermons cuz really that's what they were. What they were. You can go to the next one. When Hitler stood behind a microphone, notice voices, words, words. These were words he spoke and it anointed people's faith to believe. Did you know Hitler? Go look me up. You can Google me if you want. You'll find it's true. Hitler believed he was a prophet. In fact, he said, "I'm like one of the old prophets of Israel, the prophets of the Old Testament." He actually prophesied that he would become the chancellor of Germany. And you can go back and and you can listen. They've now taken artificial intelligence and tooken his very words and they have digitized them in such a way to hear it in English but with the same voice that he had. And boy, I tell you what, he was a preacher and he preached with words. You say, "How could people how, brother Matt, you go to I've been to Burkan. I've been to Ashawitz. I've been to Dao and it doesn't make sense. How How does it make sense? This is not years ago. This is not a 100 years ago. This is the 1940s. How does people not not just Hitler, go to the next slide. Young people, an entire generation of youth, in fact, after the war, there was an entire program for 13 years called deprogramming the Hitler Youth. Cuz they You say, "How did that happen, brother Matt?" They listened to a preacher preach a sermon under an anointing. It was an anointing of the sixth seal. And brother Brandon said that anointing fell on Stalin, Hitler, Ikeman, Mussolini. And he said to persecute. It was those 200 million demons that crossed the river Euphrates to attack the Jews. It was the same spirit that was on the Hamas fighters. And it's the same spirit that's in our world today. And one day, it will be the same spirit that leads an entire gentile United Nations army to try to destroy Israel. You see, people don't realize it's the words that they're feeding upon that will change them and they fed upon it so much. Hitler's voice and his words begin to ring out. And he prophesied and said, "I prophesy to you." He gets up before the the the before the invasion of of Poland. And he gets up behind a microphone. He takes a microphone and starts to preach his sermon and said, "I prophesy to you that if this leads to a world war, he said, I prophesy, you go listen to it, that it will end with the extermination of the Jewish people." Well, I got news for you, Hitler. You're a false prophet. And I got news for the devil tonight. There's already another prophecy over my life. There's already a prophecy over my children. And you can't have them. You can't have my home. You can't have my children. You can't have my mind. Prophesy all you want, but I've already got a prophecy over my life. Hallelujah. And he prophesies those words that he says, I prophesied it will end with the extermination of the entire Jewish race. You know what he does? He changes the Bible. He takes the Bible and he rewrites it to an Aryan Bible. He removed every reference of the Jewish people in that Bible and he forced his preachers to preach it in their churches. I'm telling you real history. Say, "Brother Matt, what is the significance?" I'm going to tell you the significance. He's trying to do the same thing today by watering down the word and changing the meaning of the word and watering it down and deleted diluting it with all kinds of opinions of men and all kinds of hybrid of men. And they believed that word so much that it anointed an entire generation of people to hate the Jews so much. You know what it was? It was the devil. You say it was Hitler. It was the devil anointing him. Say, why, brother Matt? Why does God Why does the devil hate the Jews so much? Is it the Hebrew language? No. Is it their dress code? Does he hate that? No. Is it the color of their skin? No. That's not why he hates them so much. I'm going to give you one reason why he hates the Jews so much. Cuz God loves them above everybody else in the whole world. He tells through Isaiah, I think it was, you are my peculiar treasure. I've chosen you above. I know people don't like that word. It's not fair. We're above. I'm going to tell you what God said. I've chosen you above all the peoples of the earth. It's not about fair or unfair. It's election. It's not fair uh that that that that my son is my son. It's not about fair that other boys are not my son. He became my son because he came from me. Election is not fair or unfair. I came from God. I'll go back to God. I was never in the mind of Satan. So I can never be in his path. I'll always be in the plan of God because I came from God. He hates them because God loves them so much. That's why he hates you. That's why he tries to destroy you. And they didn't know that they were listening to the words of a bully. And he bullied them and bullied them and bullied them. Invaded Poland. And he takes over Poland. Then he invades France and takes over France. And it just looks like the bully's going to get everything, man. He's just marching through, marching through and marching through. And then he comes to Great Britain. But I want to tell you something. There was a little man. Hitler had a microphone, but there was another man who took a microphone. A little man named Winston Churchill. I want to tell you what Churchill was. He was a man who stood up to the bully. You know what John F. Kennedy said about this little man. He said Winston Churchill didn't have no army. He didn't have no army. He didn't have no tanks. He didn't have no air. Nothing that could all of Germany was invaded Poland, invaded France. Looked like the next thing he would just steamroll the the the the the entire world, entire European world. And here was Winston Churchill. And JFK said he didn't have an army. He didn't have tanks. He didn't have an army to fight them. So, you know what Churchill did? John F. K said Churchill took a microphone and he says and he took words and he weaponized words and he sent them into battle. Oh, you could preach that right there, brother. He took words and he sent them into battle. And here was families, mothers, children, dads, moms, business owners, gathered up, bullied by the devil, thinking it was their last last chance. You know that they they were there gathered with in their homes, everybody afraid, everybody scared. But Winston Churchill took a microphone, got on a radio. I'm going to read you. I know you you might have heard it before, but I'm going to read you some of his words. He began to preach and he said even though large tracks of Europe and many old and famous states have fallen or may fall into the grip of the Gustapo. Oh, I feel the anointing of the Holy Ghost. Let me say that even though some have walked away from this message, even though some have declared it unholy, even though some have taken pastors who stood for this word have walked away, preachers who stood for this word have said it ain't worth fighting for. I'm here to give you the word of God tonight. Even though others have fallen and have fallen to the grip of the escapo, we shall not fail. We shall go on to the end. We shall fight in France. We shall fight in the seas and the oceans. We shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air. I love this. We shall defend our island whatever the cost may be. We shall fight on the beach. We shall fight on the landing grounds. We shall fight in the fields and in the streets. We shall fight on the hills. But we shall never surrender. And even if which I do not for a moment believe this island or a large part of it were subjugated and starving that our empire by the seas guarded by the flitterish freak would carry on the struggle until in God's good time the new world with all of its power and might steps forth to rescue the liberation of the old. What was it here? Churchill said I want you I want you to hear my voice. Hitler we shall I want you to know this. You might have had a lot of victory. You might have had a lot of success and it may look like you got other churches. It may look like you m you you might even have got me to fall sometimes. But I want to give you my resolve. I will never quit. I will never back down. If you knock me down, I'm going to get back up. We shall never never. I will never back down to cancer. I will never back down to TB. I will never back down to to to depression and anxiety. You ought to let the devil know, I will never surrender my children. I will never surrender them. Doesn't matter what it looks like, Satan. What did he do with his voice? He began to anoint the faith of a generation to fight. Oh, I'm glad for a man named Winston Churchill who took a microphone. But can I tell you who I'm even more glad about? I'm glad about the next slide of a seventh angel messenger who took a microphone. [Applause] I'm talking about a preacher when the when the grip of the enemy came against the church and the spirit of God was bound for thousands of years. Brother Adam said the Holy Ghost was bound. But he began to declare he is not coming. He is not on his way. He is here. Hallelujah. I'm glad that there's a seventh angel messenger and I've heard the voice. [Applause] Oh, stand to your feet with me and rejoice this evening. I'm so glad I have heard the message of Malachi. Oh, give him a praise offering everybody. Hallelujah. And you don't got to back down to that bully. You don't got to fight to find yourself in a corner somewhere. You don't have to compromise. You don't have to negotiate with him. He's already, let me give you the words of brother Bham. He's already been defeated. He's just a bluff. He's just a bluff. As the man says, every time he would say boo, he said, I back up. He said that little devil would get a little bit bigger and he'd say, "Boo's voice became a get a little bit louder." And and the man, Brother Brandon said, "The man would back up even more." He said, "I noticed every time I'd back up, he'd get bigger." And he said, "You know what I did? I said, "Boo back." And he said, "Every time I said boo, he'd get smaller." And every time I said boo, he'd get smaller. I tell you what you ought to do to the devil tonight. You ought to stop letting him have the microphone. Take the microphone from his hand and say, "You've done enough talking. You've done enough accusing Satan. You've done enough criticizing. It's time for you to hear my voice. I am a son of God. I am a seed of Abraham. And the gates, the seed of Abraham shall possess the gates of the enemy. I am bloodbought, washed in his blood, sanctified by his blood. And one day I'll go out of this dimension, Satan. One day you won't be able to attack me anymore. You can't attack my home, my family, my mind, my body. One day, Satan, I'll rid you completely out of my life. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, I've been changed. Oh, somebody say, "I'm free." Oh, deliver. Say, "I found joy." I found joy. Oh. Oh, [Music] peace. Oh, grace and mercy. I've been changed. Well, I've been changed in the presence of the Lord. I've been [Music] here. Oh, I'm free. Oh, deliver. Oh, I found joy. Oh, [Music] peace. I found his grace and favor. And right now and right now is the moment. Today I've been changed. I've been changed. I've been changed. And I waited. And I waited for this moment to come. and I won't let it pass. So I say I won't go back. I can't go back to the way you used to be for your presence. [Music] Oh, I won't go back. I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be. Before your presence came and changed me. Oh my [Music] sh Oh my s they've been forgi no more shame. Tell that bully no more. Tell the boys my pass. Hallelujah. It is over right now and right now is the moment. Today the day I've been changed. I've been changed. I've been changed. I can't wait. I can't wait for this morning to come to my pass. So I say I came back to you the way it used to be before your [Music] resurre I can't go back to the way you to be before your presence came and changed me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many's going to stand up that bullying? Come on, somebody. Who's going to stand up that bullying? You know good and well he's trying to bully you around but ain't nothing but empty gestures and empty empty lies. He has prophesied false things over top of you and they ain't coming to pass because we had a true prophet stand in this generation and said you would be the final voice of the final generation in this age. That's who I am. I'm an overcomer. I'm an overcomer by the blood of the lamb and by the word of my testimony overcomer. [Music] I'm an overcomer by the blood of the lamb and by the word of my testimony he saved me. He resedued me. He delivered me and he set me free. And ever since I've been changed, I can lift my hands. I can lift my hands. Oh, come on, somebody. Thank you. Thank you for your grace. Overcomer. I'm an overcomer. By the blood of the lamb and by the word of my testimony, overcome more than a conqueror. I'm a winner. The joy of the Lord is my strength. I have to and I walk in for a wash in the blood. I kept by his blood. I feel with his spirit and by his stripes I I Jesus victory over [Music] Ir say I'm an overcomer [Music] Overcome I overcome by the way and by the word of my testimony overcome more than a conqueror my way. The joy of the Lord is my strength. I have been and I walk in. I've been washing the floor. I by his [Music] I Jesus name. Somebody say God more than a conqueror. I'm the way. The joy of the Lord is my strength. I have a minion and I walk in for a [Music] Come on, somebody shout it out. Shout it out. Come on. Jesus came my wash in the blood. I'm by his love. I feel with his spirit and by his stripes I'm healed. I come on somebody by the blood. I'm fil by his love. I'm fil with his spirit. And by his stripes I heal. I am free. Jesus gave me the victory. Oh, I've been overcome by the blood of the lamb and by the word of my testimony. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many wants to thank the Lord? So you got a hold of some faith to stand up to the enemy that's been bullying you around. He's been trying to tell you he's going to take your health, but you got a faith to say, "I'm going to stand up for that devil." He's been trying to say he's going to steal your joy, but you got a faith to stand up through that devil. He's been trying to say he'll steal your church, but you got a faith now to stand up to that devil. You got some men on your side that are willing to stand up for you. These men of God are willing to stand up for you. And now you got a faith to go on and press the battle no matter what he says. It ain't going to be easy, but somebody's going to stand up. And this message is everything you have need of to stand up to that bully. Hallelujah. Tell that devil he's a liar. Hallelujah. He never promised. He never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to climb. And he never offer victory without fighting. He would come in time. Just remember when you're standing in the [Music] valley and the atmosphere for he says oh just our will and he will take you through the fire of [Music] So many times I question for certain certain things for things I cannot [Music] understand. Oh my tri. Oh my weakness. My vision my first wish they kiss out of pain I [Music] ever been forsen I'll never have to say the test it's in those Hallelujah it's in those times The spirit of the living God rises over me. My weakness is made strong. He will [Music] pro. Come on, somebody sing it. You know you been there a victory without fighting. He said I'll be there. I'll be there. Just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the ses oh just hold on my soul and he will take Give the Lord praise tonight. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Is there anybody here that's thankful for a voice that took a microphone and stood in this generation. Blessed be the name of the Lord. What a service. My my my God bless you, brother Matt. My didn't you enjoy the word of the Lord tonight? Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord G. Amen. We're going to let you be dismissed tonight. Go in the name of the Lord. Where would I be? God only [Music] knows. I'm glad you see through eyes of love a hopeless place an empty place. If not for grace, where would I be you all? I'm glad you see through eyes of love a hopeless case and empty face. [Music] If not for grace,
