################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - "From the Surface to the Depths" - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on  May 11th, 2025 - Timothy Pruitt - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-11
Title:   "From the Surface to the Depths" - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on  May 11th, 2025
Speaker: Timothy Pruitt
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QZHR8Tv2odE
========================================

[Music] Do you know? [Music] [Music] [Music] are Heat. Heat. [Music] a child of [Music] God. Well, I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God from my mother's womb. You have chosen me. Oh, your love has called my name. But life been born again into a family. Oh, your blood flows through my face. I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, I am a child. Let's sing that first verse. You unravel me. You unravel [Music] me with a meloy. Oh, you surround me with a song of deliverance from my enies. Oh, till long my feet are covered. Oh, I'm no longer blame to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no [Music] longer the slave to fear. I am the child. Oh, let's sing it again. And I'm no longer Oh, I'm no longer sl to the child of God. Well, I'm no longer the same. to me. [Music] Oh, the child of God. Amen. Aren't you glad you're his this morning? Amen. Let's sing a song. It's your breath in my lungs. So we'll pour out our praise. [Music] Pray in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. Pour out our It's your prayer in our lives. So we pour out our morning. Great. [Music] Oh, you give life. You give light. You are love. You bring light to the dark. You give hope. You restore every heart that is broken. and praise are you [Music] Lord. It's your breath in our love. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lives. Soon we pour out our praise. Holy glory. Great are you. And all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will fall. Oh yes. [Music] mighty all of the world and will shout your heart will guide. His bones will sing and praise sing [Music] again. Oh, we shout your praise. our lives receive our pray. So we pour out our praise and pour out our praise. It's your bre. So we pour out our praise [Music] holy Lord. Great. We serve a great God, don't we? I trust in God. Let's sing a E. Yeah, let's try [Music] that. Jesus is mine. He's been my fourth man in the fire time after time. born of his spirit. Oh, washed in his blood. And what he did for me for Calary is more than he knows. Will I trust in God? Oh my savior, the one who will never f [Music] Perfect [Music] submission. All is great. I know the author of tomorrow is the last day. So this is my [Music] story and this is my [Music] song and praising my rising king and savior all the day long. I trust in God. Oh my savior who will never f [Music] Will I trust in God? Oh my savior, the one who will never [Music] fail. He will never fail. I saw the Lord and he heard and he answer. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answer I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I saw the Lord and he heard and the answer. I saw the Lord and he heard and the answer. I saw the Lord and he heard and heard. That's why I trusted. That's Let's sing that one more time. I saw the Lord. Oh, has he answered your prayers this morning? Amen. And he answered, I saw the Lord. And he heard Ander. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust him. God. Oh my savior. The one who will [Music] never f [Music] I trust in God. Amen. Aren't you so thankful that we can put our trust in him this morning that he would meet our every need? Amen. I want to go to the prayer requests this morning. Want to be praying for our brother Timothy Puit as he was bring the word of life to us again this morning. What a wonderful service we had last night. I tell you, just tremendous. But we're expecting greater things even again this morning, aren't we? Amen. Want to continue to just remember all of our elderly can't make it to service, the one streaming in by the way of the internet. We want to pray for each and every one of them. Want to continue to remember our pastor that God would touch him. Got a great report this week from the biopsy. There's no cancer on the kidneys. So, we thank the Lord for that this week. Amen. We serve an awesome [Music] [Applause] God. Amen. And that's why I trust in God. Amen. I trust in God in all of our situations. Amen. So, I want to continue to remember him that God would just strengthen him in his body. just drive out all the cancer in his body. Amen. I want to pray for sister Donna Ber that uh God would touch her body and strengthen her as brother Tom Ber's wife there in Kentucky. I want to pray for brother Andrew and brother Timothy as they go there next weekend and they will have services there for brother Tom. So just pray for their travels. Want to remember the McClord's Christian Mlard got married yesterday. Uh him and Sister Madison there in Pennsylvania. So I want to pray for them their travels back home and congratulate them if you know them see them and just uh brother Matthew might not be able to walk through the door now. So he's just I'm sure he's walking on cloud nine to have a an extension to the family there. So I want to pray for them. Want to pray for brother Bill and sister Teresa Delaney. Uh, brother Bill has a procedure on his heart for Aphib on May the 20th and Sister Teresa will have surgery June the 9th at UVA. So pray for both of them. Our brother Kyle Props is sick this morning. Also, Brother Jimmy Props needs a touch from the Lord. I want to continue to lift up sister Lorie Snow. God would touch her. I want to ask prayer for Titus, my son, this week, that God would just be with him. He has another knee surgery to remove a cyst and uh for a meniscus repair. I tell you, I'm I'm sick and tired of that devil trying to rage war on my son, my children. So, believe with me this week that God will just heal him in a supernatural way. And this will be the last surgery that he will ever have to have. As a young man, he's been through a lot already. This will be his fifth surgery. And uh young boy shouldn't have to go through all that. So, we're going to wage war on the devil this weekend. And we're believing believing for brother Titus there. How many to have an unspoken request? Say, "The Lord just pass by my way this morning." Amen. And I'm going to ask your brother William Bolivan just come lead us to the throne of [Music] grace. Amen. Let's go to our Lord in prayer. Dear gracious kind heavenly father, Lord, we bow humbly before you in prayer. Lord, we lift up your name, Father. Lord, a name that is above every name. A name that every knee shall bow and every tongue shall confess that you are Lord. But Father, we're going to confess that right now. We're going to bow to you right now, Lord. Lord, we know that you're Lord of all circumstances, oh God. You're Lord of our lives, Lord. We don't just want you as our savior to save us, to save us from hell, but Lord, we want you as our Lord and Savior. Lead us and guide us, Lord. This life is so full of testings and trials and tribulations. It's all part of life because, Father, you're after character. You're after something, Lord Jesus. The Peter would look and say that the trials of our faith is worth more to us than precious gold. Because the gold and the monetary things of life have an end, but oh God, the character that comes out of our trials. May you help us, Lord, to look at our trials a little different, Lord, and just give us a different perspective, Lord, to just walk in faith, oh God, and know that you're greater than everything we come against. And Lord, there were trials, Father. Lord, prayer requests from trials that was read this morning and hands that were slipped up to you, a God that knows all things. We just ask, oh God, that in the name of Jesus Christ that you brood over every single prayer request, be with each one, Lord, those that are due for surgeries, Lord, and doctor appointments and those that may be beyond doctor's reach and human care. We just pray, oh God, that may the great physicians step into the room and step into their lives. Pray that you give them a divine touch. Grant it, Lord. We ask you forgive us of our sins. Lord, if there's anyone here, Lord God, in this in this sanctuary that don't know you, Lord, may they not leave not knowing you. Lord, when your presence comes down, Lord, and your word comes forth, you make yourself known and available each and every service. Lord, may a hand of faith reach out, Lord, and grab a hold of you, Lord, and they'll never be the same. Lord, we just pray you draw us closer to you, Father, this morning, we ask a special blessing on our mothers, Lord, they'd be even called by the prophet of God, the fifth gospel. Many times out of sight, Lord, and many times just preaching that fifth gospel, Lord, to the children in their homes. We just pray special blessings upon them. Strengthen them, Lord. And we thank you, Lord, when the enemy is attacking motherhood like never before. what real women are. We have real ladies of God, oh God, that stand in their place and in their position, faithful. You will not forget them. But Lord, you'll do more than that. Lord, you'll bless them in a special way. Commit this service into your hands and pray for Brother Timothy as he brings forth the word. Bless them, Lord, now and just speak to our hearts. Change our lives, Father. Lord, we pray that soon you change our bodies. We love you. We thank you. We know you will in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. This time we're going to receive this morning's offering. You give as God's blessed you as you're given. Let's sing that song. I got this army in due time. Gotten this army. I don't know what key there. Well, I'm so glad. Well, I'm so glad. I'm so glad that I got this army into time. Well, I'm so glad. Well, I'm so glad. I'm so glad that I got this army due time. Well, I couldn't walk right till I got this army. No, I couldn't talk right till I got this army. Got this. Oh, well, I'm so glad. Hallelujah. I'm so glad we're alive. So glad that I got this song through time. No, I couldn't stay right till I got some heat. Oh dear. Well, I couldn't pray right till I got this army. Oh well, I'm so glad. Hallelujah. I'm so glad. Amen. I'm so glad that I got the saw me due time. Well, Jesus Christ is my captain. And the word of God is my [Music] weapon. And the sword of the spirit will protect [Music] us. And that Holy Ghost will direct us. Oh yes. Now I'm so glad. Hallelujah. I'm so glad. Amen. I'm so glad that I got this. Oh, sing it with me now. Say, I'm so glad. Well, I'm so glad. I'm so glad that I got the song one more time. I said, I'm so glad. Hallelujah. I'm so glad. I'm so glad that I got in due time. Won't you turn to your neighbor, say, "I'm glad I got in this army in due time." Amen. And I'm thankful for that this morning. Amen. You can be seated this morning. I'm going to have brother Tim Wyers if he'd come sing for us. Amen. He was a blessing to us last night. We're going to let him sing a couple more to hear today. God bless y'all. [Music] God Jehovah, Jehovah, you're my healer. You and you alone. I will trust you. Jehovah, you're my healer. You and you alone. Y'all sing that with me. God Jehovah. Jehovah ala, you're our healer. You and you alone. I will trust you. Jehovah forever. You're my healer. you and you alone. In the middle of our doubts, in the thick of sorrow, you say, "Look up to where our help comes from." If everything around us Just say serious. No hope. I'm never going to let go. The hymn of your own God. [Music] Jehovah. Jehovah. You're our healer. you and you alone. I will trust you, Jehovah and Father, for you're my healer. You and you alone. We're standing on your [Music] promise, the foundation of your word, where everyone is healed, who believes on you, Lord. We're leaning on your power. You'll do what can't be done. Either now or forever, we know it's going to come. God Jehovah, Jehovah, forever. Oh, you're our healer. You and you alone. Oh, we will trust you. [Music] Jehovah, you're our healer. You and you alone. [Music] all [Music] depression and every wory, every sickness. Lord, you heal all [Music] addictiction and every family. Lord, every heartbreak we know you [Music] here. You're going to do it. Lord, you're going to do it. [Music] Jehovah, we know you will for all [Applause] depression and every worry. Lord, every sickness we know you here for all addictiction and every family. Lord, every heartbreak you're going to heal. Oh, you're going to do it, Lord. You're going to do it. your overall. We know you will. Oh, you're going to do it, Lord. You're going to do it. Jehovah, we know you. [Music] You're going to do it, Lord. You're going to do it, Jehovah forever. We know you [Music] will, God. Jehovah, Jehovah. up. You're our healer. You and you alone for I will trust you. [Music] Jehovah, you're my healer. you and you alone. For Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe that all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe that all things are possible. For Lord, I believe. Just make that personal now and sing it again. Oh Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe that all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe that all things are possible. Oh Lord, I [Music] believe we're standing on the promise. It's the foundation of your [Music] word where everyone is here who believes on you, Lord. I'm leaning on your [Music] power. You'll do what can't be done. Either now or forever. I know it's going to come. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many believers do we have in the house of the Lord this morning? Glory to God. Thank you, brother Tim. What a powerful, powerful song, my goodness. What a song. The Lord, the angel of the Lord comes near. the prophet taught us when those words are sung from a believer's heart. My happy mother's day. God bless you mothers. We certainly respect and honor you today and want to just wish you a very happy Mother's Day to all that are with us and all that have maybe gone gone on uh beon be on the veil of tears. We realize that their prayers are still being made manifest even in this room. and those that aren't mothers yet. We know that we have many that are expecting to be mothers. And we just want to say God bless you. And this message speaks very uh great volumes about mothers. And many would think about our prophet that he was a woman hater, but he spoke very highly of women, mothers and ladies of grace that had the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Now, he didn't say too much about the ones that pretended like they got the Holy Ghost and and tried to act like a woman, but he really respected he really respected the mother and her gift that she had. Brother Brandon would say over and over again that she is the fifth gospel. We had Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. He said, "But we have mother. She's the very first one that begins to teach and guide them." And I was reading this morning and brother Brandham said this in the invasion of the United States. And brother Brandham says some very powerful statements about mothers in that subject. And you go and study it out and you'll begin to hear brother Brandham. He says he said now to you little mothers here this morning that's been real mothers. I know there's many of you and I think every one of you let me tell you something. God bless you. You're the fifth fifth gospel. He said remember when Moses was a little boy. It was a mother who gave him instruction. It was a godly mother who took little Moses on her knees and said, "Moses," and taught him all. He She was his teacher under Pharaoh and said, "Now these things said, Moses, someday you're going to deliver the children of Israel. You're the boy that's called. Keep yourself pure, unspotted from the world, for you're the one. You are the one." He said, "There's no other place we do know where he went to any seminary or any teaching at all that he ever got. He stayed right in Pharaoh's palace, which was a heathen. But his mother taught him. That's a real mother. She taught him the precepts of the Lord. She told him how he must be holy. She told him how we must live and how what God must do, what who what God would do for him. And it stuck with Moses all the days of his life. And any good, true, loyal mother that'll take her little babies instead of send them to picture shows and dances and so forth like that, she'll put them on her lap and teach them about the Lord Jesus Christ. Brother Brandon would say over and over again, he said the spirit of the United States, he said the backbone of it is our motherhood. He said the United States was broke when they broke motherhood. We just want to honor our sisters and say and we just want to give you a hand today and say God bless you mothers. Amen. Amen. God richly bless you. We love you. Amen. [Applause] Amen. We have we have something for our our mothers uh at the end of the service today. don't leave and get it now, but at the end of the service, we have something for for all of our mothers there. And uh we just want to we cannot say it enough that we appreciate you. I appreciate the the women in my life, the my mom and my grandma and my teenie and my mother-in-law, my sister Debbie. And I just tell you, I' I've been blessed to have some godly figures in my life. And I know that you feel the same way this morning. Did you enjoy the word of the Lord last night? My just stirred our hearts, didn't it? Amen. And brother Timothy is a very special unique gift to the body of Jesus Christ and he can just begin to preach and it just seems it just seems like the spirit of the Lord he's just he's just settling in and all of a sudden the spirit of the Lord just drops into the building. It's like a bomb goes off and all of a sudden the atmosphere completely changes. And I so love brother Timothy's gift and we're honored to have him here this Mother's Day weekend and we're just going to invite him to come at this time and make himself feel right at home here. He's he's no stranger to us here at Full Gospel Lighthouse. And we love we love his ministry, don't we? Amen. We appreciate Brother Tim Winters coming and his family to be a part of this weekend as well. Amen. Let's have a key of G. Let's sing that. Let's start singing that song. I know a name. Amen. Amen. I know a name that can sence roaring waves. And I know a name that can outer grave. I know a [Applause] name. It's the only name that saves and it's worthy of all praise. Oh, I call you Jesus. Oh, I call you. I call you healer. Risen and reigning in power. Well, something comes out of the grave. Every time I call you Jesus. Oh, I call you. I call you savior. Worthy of glory forever. Well, something comes out of the grave every time I call your name. Well, I have key with dominion over death and he holds [Music] keys in his holy nails. scarred hands and he is the heal that has crushed the serpent's head. I resurrected great I am. So I call you Jesus. Oh I call you. I call you healer. risen and raining in power. Well, something comes out of the grave. Every time I call you Jesus. Oh, I call you. I call you savior of glory forever. Something comes out of the grave. Every time I call your name, change break. Drive bones awake. Oh, every time I call your name, the gates of hell shake. Every time I call your name, chains break. Dry bones wake. Every time I call your name, the gates of hell shake. Every time I call your name. Oh, every time I call your name. And where all death is now your strength? And where, oh great, your victory. And where? Oh, death is now your strength. And when Oh, great. Your victory. And where death is now your sing your victory. Dead things come alive. Dead things come alive. Dead things come alive. In the name of Jesus, dead things come alive. Dead things come alive. Dead things come alive. In the name of Jesus, dead things come alive. Dead things come alive. Dead things come alive. In the name of Jesus. Oh, dead things come alive. Dead things come alive. Dead things come alive in the name of Jesus. I call you Jesus. I call you. I call you healer. Oh, hallelujah. Aren't you thankful to know that he's a risen savior? Come on, somebody. Aren't you thankful to know every time I call you Jesus, I call you. I call you. Oh, worthy. Glory [Music] forever. Come on, somebody. Let's say it one more time. I call you. So I call you Jesus. Oh, I call you. I call you. healer risen and reigning in power. Something comes out of the grave. Every time I call your name, how many wants to give the name of Jesus Christ a hand clap of praise? Hallelujah. The name of Jesus Christ is worthy of it all. [Applause] Hallelujah. Every time I call you Jesus. Oh, I call you. I call you. The earth risen and reigning in power. Something comes out of the grave. Every time I call your name and Jesus is mine. Oh Jesus is mine. Oh everywhere I go. Oh everywhere I'll be. Oh Jesus is mine. Oh Jesus, he is mine. Oh Jesus is mine. Oh everywhere I go. Oh everywhere I be. Oh Jesus is mine. I say call him up. Call him up. Tell me what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. I said call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the way now. Oh, if you need your healing, tell him what you want. If you need your healing, tell him what you want. And I say if you need your healing, tell me what you want. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. And Jesus is mine. Come on, shout it from the top of your mouth. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Just give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just bow our hearts to him in prayer today. How many would say, "Lord, I have a need. I just ask you to come by and minister to me and touch me today by your grace." Father, we come to you once again, Father, just to submit ourselves to you and ask Lord that you would speak and you would touch each heart, each life. See the hands lifted. You know the needs, you know the situations. Lord, you know, Father, even where we're at today and where we're standing, Lord, we just submit our hearts to you and our life to you, our will to you, Lord, to give it for your glory and for your honor, Lord. We love you with all of our hearts. May just give us a real special time today in your presence. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you today. Let's turn to First Corinthians 2. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord and Amen. Just thankful for all that God's done for us. Of course, bring you greetings from our home church and our pastor, brother Timuit, and got a we evening light tabernacle has a lot of love for you and and we uh sure appreciate each and every one of you. Amen. It's just good to be in his house and and to be his people. Amen. To be called by his name. Amen. I I uh actually um was uh going in a total different direction this morning, but just begin to read over some things in the back and things begin to just speak to my heart. And so I trust that'll be all right today. You know, I I don't even know. I may have preached this here before, but it just what I feel led to do. So, amen. I I um kind of pushed it back and pushed it back and but here we are. So, we're just going to follow where we feel to go and just ask the Lord to take control today. 1 Corinthians 2 and verse 7 says, "But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom which God ordained before the world unto our glory, which none of the princes of this world knew. For had they known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory. But as it is written, eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, near e, neither have entered into the heart of men the things which God has prepared for them that love him. But God hath revealed them to us by his spirit. For the spirit searches all things, yay, the deep things of God. For what man knoweth the things of a man, say the spirit of man which is in him? Even so, the things of God knoweth no man, but the spirit of God. Now we have received not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God, that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God. Amen. We'll let you be seated today. Amen. just want to look at this scripture that we've read and um my title is going to be from the surface to the depths. Amen. I I believe God wants us to be more than just surface Christians. Amen. Just on the surface or Amen. and just dwelling there. Because, you know, he actually spoke about the seed and the so sewer and how that the sewer went out to sew and some fell upon rocky soil and and because they fell or rocky places and because of that they had no depth that when trials came and and and sorrows came, they withered away. He said, "But those that fell in a soil that was prepared or good soil, brother Brown, we talk about that's prepared soil that was prepared by God." Amen. Then those seeds came to life. And and this is what Paul is even speaking about. He says the Lord of glory came and he was crucified because the princes of that world didn't know who he was on, you know, they were surface Christians. They they had the dress of a Christian. They they had the uh uh the the talk of a Christian. They they could do all of that. But when it came to the revealed word that stood before them, they didn't even realize who he was. But they looked at him with that surface mentality and looked at him and said, "Well, he's just an illegitimate child or he's just the son of Mary and Joseph." And they didn't realize who was really standing behind the skin there standing before them. And he said if they would have known that, they would not have crucified him. Amen. But he goes on, he said, "Now you, God has come to reveal the deep things of God." And he says we can only know that if we have the spirit of God. Amen. That's why I believe that this message is not something that can be handed down generation to generation. You know, as we've said it before, Brother Brandham says it. He says, "God doesn't have grandchildren." Amen. He has children. So, amen. Us as sons or mothers, I mean, mothers here this morning, how many would love, Amen, just to hand this truth on to the next generation or hand this life on to the next generation? But every one of us has to have our own experience with God. Every one of us has to come face to face to God and face to face with that pillar of fire. Amen. To have that experience or otherwise, amen, we don't we can't even understand the things of God. And and this is what brother Brandon would talk about in the church age book. He said when one regards a verse superficially, he comes up with a superficial understanding. Now superficial means to existing or occurring at or on the surface. We're not deep. We're not complete. not having or showing any depth of character or understanding. So the only way that this Bible can be revealed is if you have the spirit of this Bible living on the inside of you. Amen. If you can get Amen. If you could pick up the spirit, amen, of the author that writes a book or the spirit of the artist who who paints a picture, then you can have a deeper understanding of why they painted it, why they done it that way, why they wrote it that way because something happened on the inside of them or through their life that caused them, amen, to do what they done. So, amen. To understand the Bible, to understand the message of the hour, you must receive the spirit of this message. And the spirit of this message is the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. Therefore, this is not a learned religion or a learn behavior or or an acc or just assimilating to an idea or assimilating to a dress code or assimilating to some kind of idea that's passed on. Amen. By a preacher or a bishop, but this is only given by the spirit of almighty God. Amen. And this is what he said. He brother would talk about this. He said by day and day entering back and meeting to meet I see a great need. Amen. a great need of a of a filling of a consecration of a deeper life and a closer walk with God. How how many would desire that? I don't I don't care how long you've been serving God. We could all get closer to him. Amen. He said, "Oh Lord," I said, "I thank you that every year," he said, "I'm ashamed of many things that I've done that's wrong. I pray you forgive me and the one regret I have, Lord, that I didn't serve you when I was a little boy. Help me, Lord." Lord, he said, "Oh Lord, if I found grace in thy sight, strengthen this feeble body. Renew my strength. Renew my youthful strength as you do the eagles. Put my head higher, Lord, that my heart may my and my heart low as I may walk, Lord, yet and manifest your love to the people. Give me a deeper love, a more consecration, a deeper and a fuller life that I might serve you better." Well, I believe if the prophet of God can have that attitude, I believe we ought to all have that attitude. Amen. That no matter how long I've been serving the Lord, no matter how long I've been in this message, I want a deeper walk with him. I want a closer, more consecrated life. Amen. Given unto God. See, this ain't a shallow affair. It isn't something Brother said, I heard on a broadcast, every person that believe has been filled with the Holy Spirit. No, he said, "I'm not disagreeing with that minister, but he just probably didn't understand the scriptures." Paul in the Acts the 19th chapter asked the people had they received the Holy Ghost since they believed. Come on, somebody. Not when you believe, since you believed. Amen. The Holy Ghost is a gift of God after you believe. It's God's gift to you for believing. Hallelujah. But you can believe Jesus being son of God. You can accept him as your personal savior. Amen. You can believe this message is right. You can believe the dress and you can believe all kinds of things. But if you have not accepted him and and receive the Holy Ghost, Amen. The gift of the Holy Ghost is a personal gift to the believer. Amen. You're saved because you believe. You're filled with the Holy Ghost when God's gift comes on the inside of you. So, it's not a shallow affair. It's something deeper than that. We He said we're not babes anymore. We're men and women. The church should be in the con in that condition. Not shallow but deep in God. Hallelujah. Amen. But amen. And when Jesus was here on earth, he met a woman in this condition. He we can look at in John chapter 4 and verse four. He goes to he had must needs to go through Samaria. And he cometh to the city of Samaria, which is called Saikar, near a parcel ground that Jacob gave to his son Joseph. And there was a well there. And there was a woman and he was sitting there waiting on her. And she come to bring to come draw water. And Jesus said to her, "Give me a drink." And and because the disciples had gone into the city and this woman looked at him very superficially. She looked at him just on the outside and said, "You know why? You're you're a Jew. Why would you ask me a woman of Samaria?" You know, it became a race thing very quickly. Amen. If it's all about race to you, you're nothing but a superficial Christian. Amen. Cuz this message didn't come to a certain Amen. color or certain person. It came to the bride of Jesus Christ. It doesn't matter what color you are, what creed you are, what race you are. Amen. Amen. So Jesus said, "Look," he said, "if you knew the gift of God and who it is that's talking to you, you would ask me of a drink." And she was still very superficial, you know. She said, "Well, what do you mean ask you of a drink? You don't have a water pot. I got one." This is what she's concentrating on. What do you mean? This This is drawing. This well is deep and you ain't got nothing to draw with. Win, win, win. Well, how do you got some kind of living? What are you talking about? Said, "Art thou greater than our father Jacob that gave us this well and and his children and his cattle?" And Jesus answered and said, "Well, whosoever drink this water is going to thirst again." Yeah. You drink this, you're going to get thirsty again the next hour or the next Monday or whatever. Amen. You're going to run out of water and you're going to have to come back again. But the water that I can give you, let's go down a little deeper than that well there. Let's go down more than 30 feet or 40 feet. The water that I can give you, you'll never thirst again. Amen. Brother Brandon would bring that out and thirst. He said, "The reason people smoke and the reason people do things of the world and the reason why they cuz they're thirsty." He said, "But if you can ever get a drink of the everlasting spring of life, you'll never thirst again." Amen. You say, "Well, I'm a Christian, brother. Yet you still got that stuff in your life." No, you're still thirsty. You still need a drink. You still need to come and get a drink of the everlasting fountain. Well, sir, give me this. She said, "Well, wait a minute. Maybe we're talking. Give me this water that I thirst not, neither come or hear the draw. She's still She's thinking he's got a different well somewhere. He did, but not the well, not the kind she's thinking about. He said, "Well, uh, go call thy husband." Uh-oh. He going to take her a little deeper than what she came for that morning. He said, "Well, I have no husband." He said, 'You said, 'Well, you have no husband, for thou has had five husband husbands, and who thou hast is not thy husband. for you have told the truth. Now she's realizing somebody's different than just a Jew. She said, "Well, sir, I perceive you're a prophet." It's good to recognize that, but it goes deeper than that. Amen. I perceive you're a prophet. Amen. Our fathers worshiping this mountain. You know, look how religious you got. Oh, you're a prophet. Well, I'm a worshshiper, too. and I I go over here and my fathers go over here and the Jews go over here. That's not what he was talking about. He said, "But woman, believe me, the hour cometh, you shall never neither in this mountain nor Jerusalem worship the Father. You worship ye know what you know not." Amen. You, we know what we worship for salvation of the Jews. But the hour cometh, and now is, when true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and truth. For the Father is seeking such to worship him. God is a spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and truth. Oh, something's going on here. I know that my the Messiah cometh. And this is going beyond what a prophet and go, I know the Messiah cometh. And Jesus looked at said, be called the Christ, and when he comes, he'll tell us all things. and said, Jesus said, "I am he that speaks to you." Oh, glory to God. And I want you to understand in verse 28, the woman then left her water pot. All of a sudden, it wasn't important to her no more. Something at the beginning of this conversation was very important. Amen. It was very important to her and her her pet peeve or whatever that she had. I got a water pot. You don't have one. But at the end of this conversation, Amen. Jesus took her into the depths and she realized this water pot's not what's important. I have found a man who told me all things. He told me of my past mistakes. Come on, somebody. You'll get to the place when you find this, you'll realize religion ain't important. What I think ain't important. What somebody else thinks ain't important. I have found somebody who told me who I am. You'll leave that religion. You'll leave that water pot. You'll leave what you think's important. Amen. Amen. How many longs for a deeper walk with God? Well, there's a deeper walk somewhere or you wouldn't have a thirst for it. Well, hallelujah. Someone has created in you a desire to walk close. Something has created in you a desire to walk closer to God. Something has created you a desire to be healed by God. Before there could be a create be created in your body and your spirit, there had to be a creator of that. That creator is the Holy Spirit. That's why you're here is because the Holy Spirit has led you here. Hallelujah. That's why you're here because the Holy Spirit has led you here. How many believes that? He has led you to this place. You're not here by accident. I I want to drive this home for a moment. You are not here by accident. You are pre-planned by God. God does not have accidents. It was not an accident he was sitting on that well that morning. It's not an accident that he changed my thought this morning. Come on, somebody. Your birth was no accident. Your life was no accident. Listen, your parents may not have planned for you to be born, but God planned for you to be born. God planned for you. And if he planned for you, he'll not give up on you. Long before you were conceived by your parents, you were conceived in the mind of God. He thought of you first. This is not fate. This is not chance. This is not by luck. This is not coincidence that you're breathing at this very moment. You're alive because God created you. He prescribed every detail of your body. He chose your race. He chose your color. He chose your hair. He chose every feature about you. I'm I'm whooping that devil because the devil wants to come and say, "Well, God don't even love you." Well, he loved you so much he thought of you before the foundation of the world and he prepared you a body to be born in. He custom made your body just the way he wanted it. He also determined the natural talents that you would possess and the uniqueness of your personality. It's Bible. Psalms 139 says it. I'll read a different translation if that's okay. Lord, you know everything there is to know about me. Hallelujah. You perceive every moment of my heart and soul. You understand my every thought before it even enters my mind. Glory to God. Come on, somebody. You're so intimately aware of me, Lord. You read my heart like an open book. You know all the words I'm about to speak before I even start a sentence. You know every step I will take before my journey even begins. You've gone into my future to prepare my way. Listen, that's some shouting ground right there. He's gone into my future to prepare my way in kindness. you follow behind me and to spare me from the harm of my past. Hallelujah. This God is going before you and this God is standing behind you. Amen. He's already watching out before you for you before you ever get there. Brother Ron, he knew this was coming before you even got the first doctor's report. But he said, "I'll put I'll not put more on you than you can stand, but I will make a way of escape." And that devil is trying to sneak up and he's trying to sneak up, but God is standing before behind and before. [Applause] You have laid your hand on me. Oh, this is so wonderful and deep and sometimes incomp incomprehensible. Your understanding of me brings me wonder and strength. Where could I go from your spirit? Where can I run and hide from your face if I go to the heavens? You're there. If I go to the realm of the dead, you're there. If I fly with wings of the shining dawn, you're there. If I fly into the sunset, you're there. Wherever I go, your hand will guide me. Your strength will empower me. It's impossible to disappear from you. to ask the darkness to hide me or for your presence is everywhere bringing light into my night. There's no such a thing as darkness with you. The night to you is as bright as the day. There's no difference between the two. You formed my innermost being. You shaped my delicate inside, my intricate outside, and wo them together in my mother's womb. I thank you God for making me so mysteriously complex. Everything you do is marvelously breathtaking. It simply amazes me to think about it how thoroughly you know me Lord. You have formed every bone in my body. You have created me in the secret place. Carefully, skillfully, you shaped me from nothing into something. You saw who you created me to be before I became me. Because I'd never seen the light of day. Before I'd ever seen the light of day, you numbered the days you planned for me and they're already recorded in your book. Every single moment you're thinking about me. How precious and wonderful to consider that you cherish me constantly in every thought. Oh God, your desires toward me are more than the grains of the sands of the shore. Even every morning I wake, you're still with me because you made me God for a reason. He also decided, you also decided when I would be born and how long I would live. You have planned the days of my life in advance. You chose the exact time of my birth and the exact moment I'll leave here. God left no detail to chance. He planned it all for his purpose. Well, well, wait a minute. What? I wanted to be born over here. Uh listen, Acts 17:26 that he made every he made from one one man every nation of mankind to live on the face of the earth having appointed or determined their appointed times and the boundaries of their lands and territories. So God chose you to be who you are. That ought to take the worry out of things really. You know why he did that? The next verse explains it. so that they would seek God. He knew exactly where to put you so that you'd be born of a certain dirt. You'd be sporn of a certain way and a certain mo mold that it would cause you to start seeking after him. It was God that did that. God put something on the inside of you before the foundation of the world. Listen, it wasn't you that just got up one morning and said, "I want God." No, it was something on the inside of you. There was a deep that callth to the deep. It wasn't this flesh that brought you to God. It was something on the inside of you. There was eternal seging of God placed inside of you before the foundation of the world. Therefore, he wasn't satisfied with just religion. There's some of you that's suffering with a complex because your father rejected you or your mother rejected you or your families have rejected you. But let me give you assurance this morning. God has not rejected you. But he has made you accepted in the [Applause] beloved. He put you that way so you would seek after him. Nothing in your life is by random choice or a whim. It's all for a purpose. Yeah. All everything's for a purpose. God will use even things that the Satan tries to put upon you and he tried to scar your life and he tried to tear you apart. But God will use that for his glory. I've seen it happen. Now you have a choice in that. You can either allow that thing to tear you down and take you down or you can allow God to mold it. And remake you and take that complex off of you. Listen, you don't have to bearish things that man have done to you. Sure, men do some evil things. Amen. I know men that'll molest their children. They'll do all kind of ungodly things and think they're and they'll dress holy, act holy, and everything on the outside. Look, that's just a surface relationship with God. But on the inside, you're the cage of every unclean and hateful bird. That's not what this message produces. I tell you what does produce that. False doctrines. False doctrines will put a dress code on you. Oh yeah. The Roman Catholics, they'll dress and they'll look so holy, but on the inside, the Bible says they're the cage of every unclean and hateful bird. I've seen it right on the very edges of the realms of the message. False doctrines that gather around and they and they're so so unclean in their lives and there's molesters in there and child abusers and there's all kinds of stuff. Why? because they received a word from a man and not a word of God. This message is not a dictation from man. It's not a seventh grade educated man's ideas. It's a It came from the throne of Almighty God. And there's a life that goes with it. And it'll take you beyond the surface to the depths. It'll clean your life out. [Applause] Amen. God's amazing. He He decided how you would be born, what family you would be born in. It's his choosing. You didn't choose it. Your parents couldn't even choose it. Because parents or or men, you know, men, whether it be husbands, wives, or husbands, or their women be wives or or fathers or pastors, they can choose you and unchoose you. Men can change their mind about you. You can be their friend one day and be their enemy the next. Come on. But God can't change his mind. It doesn't matter whether your parents were good, bad, or indifferent. God knew that these two individ individuals possessed exactly the right gen genetic makeup to create a custom you he had in mind. Woo! I'm whooping some devil's heads right now. I can feel it. The DNA God wanted to make you. God purpose God's purpose took into account human error. It took into account even sin. But God never makes a mistake. It's never an accident. He has a reason for everything he creates. He didn't create a tree just to see if he could do it. He didn't create a blade of grass or a flower, a bird. He had a reason in his mind. Neither did he create you just to see if he could do it. The reason he does it is for a purpose. But we find we find though that if it's on just a surface relationship with God. So we switch back over. He tells about in second Timothy 3 and verse one. Know also the last days perilous time shall come. For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful and holy without natural affection. Hello. truth breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despiser of those that are good, traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God, having a form of godliness, a form, an outward address, an outward appearance, but denying the power thereof from such turn away. A form is an outward appearance, but there's no depths to the inside. It's on the outside looks like God, but on the inside it's the cage of every unclean and hateful bird. Even individuals on the outside, they can talk the message, they can tell all the scriptures, they can talk the quotes, but on the inside they're shallow and hollow. This modern loving age could have done no better leader than when they got Satan, a perverter of the word of God. Like he started off in the Garden of Eden. very religious though rely but relying on his own understanding but Proverbs 3:5 says we lean not to our own understanding it must be that unmovable unshakable revelation from God because I want you to understand this is something here eternal life is not something somebody can talk you into or dictate to you or hand down to you eternal life can only come by one way you die to yourself. You die to your own ideas and what you think or what's been p pushed down your throat for generations. You die to all of that. The god of this world has become knowledge and science. Brother Brandham talks about he talk I've been reading of course some of the quotes about the pope and different things that's happened just in the news in the last few days and people have been sending things and he he makes it very clear that that church that church of Satan is going to be a church of science science is going to be their leader and that's and that's that's this new pope he following right in the steps of the next one of of glo of the global climate and global warming and how we can how we can make climate change. It's a It's a church of science. I'm ready to change climates. All right, but it ain't going from 97 degrees down to 79 degrees. That's nice sometime, but that ain't what I'm talking about. That's just temporary, but I'm about to change climates. Amen. If I could get you more interested in a real climate change this morning, that you're going to change from being a sinner into a son of God. That you're going to change from this old dimension into a new dimension. You're going to change from this old body into a new body. That's the climate we're worried about changing. So, how are we going to do that? How are we is the rapture just going to happen and all these things just f you know there's a man one time my dad was talking to and he said he believed he's smoking one cigarette after another. He said,"Tim, I'm just as saved." He said, 'I believe the Lord Jesus Christ is my savior. I'm saved. I believe when the rapture happened, I'll just drop down this cigarette and I'll go on to heaven. Well, if you think heaven don't want you smoking, why you think heaven want you smoking here? Why all of a sudden is it all of a sudden going to become no smoking? I don't understand the understanding, but that's what been passed down. It's a learned theology. It's a learned idea. It's a learn religion. We're not interested in that. Come on. We're not interested in passing down theologies that's been given down through generations. Amen. We're in the message of restoration. It's not a message of reformation. It's a message of restoration. We're not interested in just reforming somebody to a new idea or a new theology or a new way of life. That's not what this is about. We're are we're interested in a life being changed till it's no longer them that liveth but Jesus Christ that lives on the inside. Hope this is all right. Second Peter 2 talks about there were in verse one said but there were false prophets also among the people even as there shall be false teachers among you who privately shall bring in damnable heresies even denying the Lord that brought them and bring upon themselves swift destruction and many shall follow their pernitious ways by reason of whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of. Well, that's happening. It sure is. Through covenant shall they with fain words make merchandise of you. Whose judgment now of a long time lingerth not and their damnation slumberth not. But of God, spared not the angels that sin, and cast them down into hell, and delivered them the chains of darkness to be reserved for judgment, and spared not the old world, but saved Noah, the eighth person, the preacher of righteousness, bringing the flood upon the world of the ungodly, and turning the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah to ashes, and but delivered just Lot, vexed with filthy conversation of the wicked, wicked, for that righteous man dwelling among them, and seeing and hearing, vex his righteous soul. The Lord knoweth how to deliver the godly out of temptations, and to reserve the unjust unto the day of judgment, to be punished, but chiefly them that walk after the flesh in the lust of uncleanness, and despise government. Well, I tell you what, I hate our go. What he said, what he's speaking about is despise lordship. Hello. He not talking about us being a bunch of patriots. He's talking about us despising God's leadership and oh, we want him to be God, but do we want him to be Lord? We want to worship him as a God, but God wants to be your Lord. He wants to be your leader. He wants to be your guide. Amen. Presumptions are the self-will. They are not afraid to speak evil of dignities. He's not talking about, Amen. President Trump. He's talking about God's glory. Whereas angels which are greater in power and might bring not rail and accusations against them before the Lord. But these are natural brute beasts made to be taken and destroyed. Speak evil of the things they understand not. And shall utterly perish in their own corruption and shall receive the reward of the unrighteous as they count it pleasure to write in the daytime. Spots they are and blemishes sporting themselves in their own deceased while they feast with you. Oh man, we're not even talking about people in the world now. We're talking about people that's sitting at the same table. Help us, Lord. I was really wanting to preach a shouting sermon this morning, feast at the same table, but having eyes full of adultery that cannot cease from sin, beguiling unstable souls, a heart they have exercised with covetous practice cursed children. Boy, we might not like Brother Peter as our pastor, would we? which have forsaken the right way, and gone astray, following the way of Balam the son of Azor, who loved the wages of unrighteousness, but was rebuked for his iniquity. The dumbass speaking with man's voice forbade the madness of the prophet. These are wells without water. Clouds are carried away with a tempest to whom the midst of the darkness are reserved forever. For when they speak great swelling words of vanity, they allure through the lust of the flesh. Though much wantness as those they that are were clean escape from them with who live in error. While they promised them liberty, they themselves are the servants of corruption. Of whom a man is overcome and of the same he's brought into bondage. For if after they have escaped the pollutions of the world through the knowledge of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, they are again tangled therein and overcome. Latter end is worse for them than the beginning. For it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness than after they have known it, turn away from the holy commandment delivered unto them. But it's happened to them according to the true proverb. The dog has turned to his own vomit again. And the s that was washed to a wall in the mire. Listen, brother Brown would take that. He he would say you take a you can take a hog and you could wash him up. You could clean him up, but he's still a hog. You can have him spit shine and he look he can dress the part. He can look the part and he can make honk talk the part. But if you let him go one time, you can bring him into your house if you want to. Some people do. I don't understand that. But some people do. They bring these guinea pigs or whatever and they But if you let him go one time, he's going to go right back to the mud. Why? because he's still a hog. A dog is a dog. You can't help it. He's just a dog. I know some I'm getting into some stuff right now, but some people make dogs humans. They ain't no humans. They dogs. Listen, I'm sorry. I I haven't understood anything. Anybody wants to be called a dog mom? Amen. The scriptures talks about it. They'll worship the creator more the creation more than the creator. I'll preach over this way for a little while. Oh, sure. They can be a companion. They can be a friend. But they're not a human being. This is what this world is doing. They're worshiping the creation. Amen. They don't want you eating the meat. I don't understand that either. I'm sorry. If you believe that, you can believe it if you want to. I don't believe it. The Bible says, "Slay and eat." He ain't talking about no carrot or no broccoli. He's talking about a a piece of meat. [Applause] For some reason, I don't know why. Amen. Listen, that's not what we've been called to. If you want to live that way, you can live that way if you want to. But that ain't for me in my house. We eat meat. Hallelujah. Anyhow, see what you got me into. Brother Ram talked about in the God of this evil age. He said, "Their God, little G, their God makes them just what they want. They lust after the flesh. He'll make them a god of the flesh, a little G." He'll put, he said, they'll want to wear bikinis and let them wear it. They want to wear shorts, they'll wear it. Yeah. You know, I'm here. I'm sorry. I'm Well, I ain't sorry. I'm here. I had this young man one time come and ask me, you know, what's wrong with wearing shorts? I'm a man. I'm a I'm a young boy. He said they're below my knee. What's wrong with them? I said, "Well, the prophet of God talked about not wearing them." I said, "I don't know what else to tell you." Said, "Go study what he said." So, he come back and he had all kind of ideas, you know. Well, they used to be way up here when they when he was talking about them and now they're way down here. I said, "Well, shorts are shorts are shorts are short short. I don't care how short how long how they're still shorts. preach. And so I I said, "Well, I I let me pray about this because I I don't want to just give you some answer off the top of my head. Let me talk to the Lord about this." So I began to talk to the Lord about it. And and and because he he he began to use these words. He said, "Well, I believe that was just, you know, maybe an opinion." Well, I'd be careful with that word. So I was praying about it, Brother Andrew. And while I was praying, the Lord spoke to my heart, and you said, "You ask him what influences his opinion. So I went back to him. I said, "Let me ask you something. You said that was brother Brandon's opinion. Well, the other side is just your opinion. So what influencing your opinion?" I said, "I can tell you what influenced, if you want to call an opinion, I can tell you what influenced the prophet's opinion. It was the angel of God that came into his room." So what's influencing you? Is it Hollywood or or is it something on the online you're saying? What is your influence? People get all tore up. They said, "Well, that's just a preacher's opinion." You better be careful with that. Got to be real careful with that. I'm not going to say it's all 100% God. I mean, because we are men. I'm not going I'm not going to make that because I'm not thus sayeth the Lord. I I'm not deity. But we got to be very careful how we look at things and realize that might be just more than a man because they looked at Jesus and said, "Well, that's just your opinion." And they took his opinion to the cross and hung it. Their opinion overcame. Mercy Jesus. But where he says, "Look, look how we're progressing civilization and knowledge." He said, "All that does is pervert God's word to suit their own taste." Every denomination does the same thing. Satan then preaches his own gospel of knowledge in his own church. He said there's only two classes of people. The children of God and the children of the devil. Amen. Ephesians 2, they were called the children of disobedience. Like Eve disobedient to God's word. The children of obedience and the children of disobedience have nothing in common. Hello. Have nothing in common. Then how can the bride of Christ associate with the denomination? Amen. How can one be the word and the other one the perverted word? One a prostitute, one a clean woman. Walk together in agreement. You cannot do it. He said come out from among them. But it'll take the individual person that can see God and look at his word and believe it belong to no organization but live for God. Not his own organization. But the intellectual wisdom of the intellectual wisdom of some bishop or something that's been taught. But the children of disobedience and the children of obedience have nothing in common. One is of the light and the other is of darkness. That's right. Amen. They can go and do things. Maybe they go they go play cards. They go to night clubs. They go to dances and belong to a church. That's okay with their God. Little G. That's okay with their God. Hey, don't condemn them. Nothing. By the way, don't condemn me to cut my hair. That's okay with your God. You said, "Well, brother Timothy, why do we got to have this? What why we got this message? Why? Why? Why is this why is this message important? Cuz it's a revelation of Jesus Christ in this day. There's 40,000 different denominations out there and every one of them got their own version of what Jesus believes or what Jesus says or what Jesus desires. Every one of them. They got a Jesus of their own making. Amen. Well, it don't condemn me to cut my hair. Well, listen. It may not. You know why I don't? Because you ain't got the spirit of God on the inside of you. Plain and simple. You know, we had a sister one time that was she's passed on now, but she was she was a she was a con a saved former hairdresser. And so she got up one Sunday morning and she said, 'You know, she said, 'I my hair is growing out and I got these split split ends. I need to trim them off so my hair grow better. I never understood that, but that's what they say. But anyway, I I need to trim these off so my hair grow better. And so her husband's like, "Now honey, you know what? We we believe the message of the hour and we come give our heart to the Lord and we know the teachings in the Bible and he's trying to" She said, "Well, I just don't think God cares about that anymore. I I just don't think that's really important to him anymore. And he said, "Well, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. If he cared about it then, he cares about it now." That's a good good thing to live by right there. If God hated sin one time, he still hates it today. He doesn't get used to it. He doesn't get, you know, it ain't go, it don't become more normal to him. Listen, it's so normal now that a woman can be a crossdresser and we don't think nothing about it. But a man come out in a dress, we're like, "Oh, God have mercy." It won't be very many years and we'll be like, "Ah, this happens." Just the way it is. Here she is. And she said, "Well, I tell you what, she said he was going to work that morning and Sunday morning. He had to go to work." And she said, "I'm gonna go to church." church and brother Tim says, "Anything about cutting hair, I'll know that God still doesn't like that and I won't cut it. But if he don't, then I know God don't really care." He says, "Okay." So he goes and he goes to work and he's praying about it and asking God to intervene. Brother Tim comes out and he's preaching on so I don't years ago. So I don't know exactly what he's preaching, but it wasn't about hair. And he's just preaching along and all of a sudden he stops. He goes, "Sister Mary, He said, "Just like when you gave your heart to the Lord and I told you no more snippy snip snip, that still goes today." So maybe somebody need to hear that this morning. It still goes today. It's still the word today. He's still the same today. What you need is a heart change. You need to go from the surface to the depths. You need to go deeper with God and have a real birth in your life. Then God can change that old nature. Or otherwise, you're like a dog back to his vomit or a hog back to a waller. The Pharisees, as far as the surface, they looked like they had it going on. They could read, they studied, they the word stepped off, but the word stepped off paper one day and they missed it. You know, they said about them that they could roll the scrolls up and they could stick a needle through there and tell you every letter it touched. That's I just But it that all of a sudden that scroll that been read I don't know telling how many times. Behold a virgin shall conceive. He steps off a paper and he comes walking down the road. I heard about that guy. He's trying to make himself somebody. He He ain't nothing but an illegitimate child. Yeah. They were able to get a head knowledge of what God was or you know what he used to be. But when God come walking down the street, they missed it. This is why it's important that we don't just have a head knowledge of what God used to be and think it was only used to be 50 or 60 years ago, but when God comes walking in this building and he comes in this service that we recognize him. We must be more than just surface scratchers. We must not be satisfied with just a covering. Amen. It's not just a regulation or a rule book that's handed down to us. There must be a revelation of who God really is and where he is and what he's doing today. Brother Brandon would go in into and visit a woman who's actually was in an emergency room. She was a she was in a psychopathic ward. went in there said or went into visit she was he said it was a beautiful young woman about 20 20 25 years old said how do you do and so I saw her said I said I didn't realize it she was one of the patients and he said she said how do you do and I said well it's hard to know which way to start and she said if you don't mind sir will you start with me and I said well you said yes sir I said you're not a patient or she said yes I am I said you seem to be in your right mind she said I wonder could you listen to my story she started talking about how she was raised up in a good home and her mother taught me not to be wrong to do wrong and shun evil and embrace the right life and the right things and I lived that kind of life for a number of years but I got mixed up with a young man and it caused a disgrace to me and I threw myself away and I became an alcoholic then she picked me up and sent me to a Catholic institution the good called the good shepherd's home and where I was under correction for a number of years and they released me and soon as I got out I went right back to drinking again and then I served a year or two at the woman state prison then I changed changed from Protestant to Catholic and back to Protestant again, from a chaplain talking to me. And I came out and I tried again. I ran right back into prostitution and drinking. I said, "What a boy, where's your mother?" And said, "She's dead. Your father's dead. What do you think? What do What do I" I said, "What do you think they would think about you now?" And she said, "Oh, if I could only go back there again." And I said, "Oh." I said, "Oh, lovely young woman like you. Don't you desire to be married and have babies like my all mothers do?" doing it. She said, "Oh, I'd love to, sir, but look at me. What I got to offer?" I said, "You ain't got but one thing to offer." She said, "What's that?" I said, "Your soul to Jesus Christ." Said, "Sir, he wouldn't receive it." I said, "Oh, yes, he would." How do you know? How you know? I've tried. He said, "You've only just turned pages. You only just turn page." You know how easy it is in a book to turn the page back again? go right back again if you just turn over a new leaf. That's what he said. How can you take I said he I said he can take you back to the time you was an innocent girl. The blood of Jesus Christ is sufficient and powerful to transform the violent sinner into a bloodwash saint guiltless before God. She said, "I tried that so many times." He said, "I want to tell you I believe your case has never been diagnosed right. You don't know." He said, "You don't want to." I said, "You don't want to be like that." She said, "Certainly, I just what you mentioned. I want to be a mother. I want to have a husband. I want to have babies. Someone to love. Someone that loves me. I I never I never spoil a man's life like I have. I said, "You don't have to." I said, "This may sound oldfashioned, sister, but it's a truth nonetheless. It's the devil that's done that to you." Amen. Let's put the blame on where it really belongs. It's the devil that's done that to you. It's the devil that's done that to you. It's the devil that's got you in that position. It's the devil that's got a hold of you driving you to do things you don't want to do. She said, "I always believed that was a truth." I said, "Now, will you kneel here with me?" She said, "Now, now they tell me I'm a mental case." I He said, "You are, but Jesus Christ restores the right mind. There's nothing too great for him." I said, "Do you think he would do that for me?" Certainly. But we got to get the devil out of there before he can. where he entered you when you was a young girl. He'll go out and he'll come right back to that place again, seven times worse. And he said, but she got down on her knees. And I asked her to pray. She prayed a few moments. She looked over at me. She said, "Brother Brandon, I'm going home to make a new start." Still scratching on the surface. Not going to the depths until God until she loses her past and she gets a new future. That's what you got to do. Amen. She said, I said, "Sis, that won't do you one bit of good. You're going back to be exactly on the same road you already walked down. That won't work. I She said, "I mean it with my heart. I know you do. But the devil's stronger than your mental power." That's the reason I don't believe in an intellectual religion. I believe a man's got to be born again of the spirit of God. It's got to be deeper than you're thinking. It has to be an experience. Well, I think I got the Holy Ghost and I think I got this. It got to be deeper than that. It's got to be a revelation. what must I do? I said, "Stay right there." We prayed and prayed and I went around and prayed with more people and I came back. She was still praying. Going back and prayed for some more people. Come back. She was getting deeper in sincerity. Few moments later, I walked over there and she raised up with tears running down the tree her cheek. She's looked at me in the face. She said, "Brother Brandom, something's happened." I said, "You don't have to turn no new pages now." That's right. You don't have to new turn no new pages now. The woman's married and got a family, a lovely, sweet, born again, Holy Spiritfilled saint. God, cuz God would take her back to the place where she started to do wrong. That's his goodness. And from that time, she was a changed woman. From that time, she was a young girl. Amen. Changed back to where she was. He says, "How how can you do it when you're still thirsting and want to be like the world say that you got the Holy Ghost?" How can you do it when sin is still in your life? I'm not saying a Christian won't make fault have faults and have failures or fall down. But a Christian doesn't practice sin. Amen. We we allow things to stay in our life and we want to cover it up and act like, you know, we're okay. Covered up with a little dirt, you know, and a little smile or a little a little this, whatever. covered up. But down on the inside, we know there's a hollowess there. There's a there's a longing. There's a desire. We know the inner parts of our life. Listen, how he said, "How can you do it when you're you're still eating and longing for the garlic and the flesh pots of Egypt?" He said, "Just keep walking with Joshua, Jesus. Keep walking with him." That's right. Get the new grapes, that Pentecostal wine. Get drunk on it. You know, I I I known some drunks and they ain't interested in just one drink. Nope. They're not interested in just tasting the liquor. He wants to consume it to the last drop. Listen, I don't understand anybody that said, "Well, I received the Holy Ghost a long time ago and that's all there." It ain't all there is to it. There's times of refreshing. There's renewings. Come on, somebody. Amen. It ought to be our hearts dry cry this morning. Lord, I want to take another drink. If you haven't ever got your first drink, I Lord, I want to take a drink this morning. Be something that's real. I'm tired of being a fake. I'm tired of being a fake message believer or a fake uh Christian husband or a fake Christian wife. I want to be something that's real. Amen. I don't want to be a bunch of put on and I got to dress a certain way to be feel right or I got to do that ain't what it's all about. Sure, if you got the Holy Ghost, you will dress right. You will act right. You will live right. You will walk right. You will talk right. But it will not do you any good to dress right, try to act right, try to live right without the spirit of God on the inside. So this morning, I invite you to a well We ought to be our hearts cry. God, let me have another tree. Let me go into the depths of the word. I'm not satisfied with a surface superficial religion. I want all that God has for me, brother. He said if you you get there, you won't even look to the world anymore. Something will happen. Amen. And well, remember he says God told Joshua every place the souls of your footsteps steps are that's possession brother them footsteps mean possession. Let's just keep walking in the promised land not looking back to see what will happen back there or what somebody else is doing. Keep our eyes on Jesus. Just keep moving to the deeper depths and higher heights until we're possessing everything that God promised we would in his word. Elisha was visited by two kings one time and Ahab and Jehoshaphat. And be honest with you, he wasn't no happy mood about it. Bible said he was angry. He said, "Matter of fact, if it wasn't for Jehoshaphat, I wouldn't even talk to you." He said, "But bring me a minstrel." He knew he had to get the atmospheres changed. So they brought him a minstrel and he started to sing. And brother Braman you can read about that so wonderful some of those things. He said see he said they started the atmosphere started changing and so a prophecy came forth. He said you go out in that desert and you dig down and you dig down and you dig down and then I will give you water full of ditch or ditches full of water. Now that was kind of unbelievable that they would go in a desert to dig for water. But brother said that's the spirit's message. We'll start digging or we'll start perishing. We'll start digging things out of our life or or we'll perish with those things. He said, "You got to get it cleaned out. The deeper you dig, the better off you're going to be." Come on, somebody. The deeper you dig, the better off you're going to be. Some of us has dug enough to get justified. Some of us dug enough to get sanctified. But he wants you to dig all the way that you can be adopted by the power of almighty God. Amen. He got more for you than just a superficial. Amen. On the surface religion, he got so much for you, more than you could ever think. More than you could even contain. The blessings of God can pour out upon you. I say this morning, I hope you didn't bring your shovel, amen, to dig and throw it on somebody else. Say, "Well, that was so and so. That was for so and so." I hope you got a shovel this morning that you'll dig out every unbelief. You'll dig out every root of bitterness. You'll dig out that old sinful nature. And you say, "I'd rather die than live another day like [Applause] that." They dug down. They'd hit a log. He said, "Just keep digging. Pull it out. Keep digging. Pull it out." You'll hit people that you'll hit things that say, "Well, days a miracle. Just throw that aside." What happened? What happens? People gets clogged up with their own self-made ma made ideas. He said, "But I can tell you Jesus promises his last days. He'll show these signs that you'll see done. The spirit of God would come into the church, show, show visions and so forth as he is doing." And you try to disprove it one time and find out where you at. Some people as soon as they become Christians, they become arrogant and indifferent. Wow. Ain't that a paradox? Look who I am. I have you to know I'm the chosen. I have you to know I have my doubts. Hallelujah. But the more you can get yourself out, the more room there is for the Holy Ghost. That's what we desire. That's what we need. That's what we desire. It's what he said in Matthew 5 and verse 6. Blessed are they which do hunger, which means to seek eagerly and thirst. Those who are said to have a thirst so painful and eagerly longed for that thing that the soul can be refreshed and supported and strengthened, they shall be filled. Listen, if you ain't thirsty for more and God of more of God, I don't care how long you've been a Christian. If you're not still thirsty for more of God or hungry for more of God, I would be scared to death. That's right. All of eternity is not going to reveal all of God. And how do we expect to get all of him in our short little blip? No. No. He's got more for you if you want more. And if you're wanting more this morning, it shows you there's more to be had. It's a deep that calls to the deep. From the surface to the depths. Let's bow our hearts. could say a lot more things. Some of you need to quit hiding behind a religion and get into Christ. Some need to quit hiding by on their hiding or resting on their past escapades and how they used to be or what you God used to do in their lives and say, "God, I want another drink. I want more. I want more." How many has that desire this morning? I want more. I want more. He's here to fulfill that desire. He's here to touch your heart and your needs. I don't know. He changed my thought just right right at the very end. I I was on a direct other path and I just happened to come across these notes. Just be to speak to me, move through me. It's like the room lit up. I know he wants to talk to somebody today in a real special way. [Music] Maybe just this morning want to say, "Lord, I I want I'm I want more dedication in my life, more sincerity. I want more of you, Jesus." [Music] Maybe some of you just needed that complex broke off of you of what your parents done to you or that your devil's been telling you you was just a mistake and nobody loves your cares. But you found out this morning he planned you. He placed you in a certain family for a certain reason to make you a certain way and that was so you could desire [Music] him. God's in control of your life, church. [Music] Some of us are so, you know, you got them signs say Jesus is my co-pilot. No, he ain't no co-pilot in my plane. He's the pilot. He's the one that's leading and guiding. I I don't have a clue what I'm doing. He's He's the one that knows what I have need of and who I who I'm going to be and how it's going to happen. I just want to submit my heart to him and allow him to work in my life richly and deeply. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Father seen the hands were lifted all over this building. Lord God, we all desire that this morning, Lord. We don't want to be just superficial Christians and surface dwellers. Lord, we we're called to deeper depths and and higher heights. Oh God, I pray, Father, that your spirit just begin to woo over hearts today. Maybe they can examine themselves and they can see a real lacking in their lives and they can see where they haven't died out to those sin nature or died out to things and this morning they just want to lay it upon your altar and say, "Lord, take this sacrifice. I give myself to you, Lord. Lord, for whatever reason, you want to just kind of continue on this thought of Lord, to just allowing ourselves to just die out to things, allowing ourselves to come clean before you. Lord, if there be anybody, Lord, that on the inside they know they've been the cage of every unclean and hateful bird and done some awful things in their lives, but today Lord, they've heard about the forgiveness of God and they want to experience. May they find that today. I pray, Lord, they can really come clean with their life and true be a true son or daughter of God. We ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. about Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord. You think I It's all about you. All about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for thing I made. But it's all about you. [Music] Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul come my heart and make me whole. Oh, I need you now. Pour your spirit [Music] out. Oh Lord, I seek you. Oh, help me find you. Oh, how I need your touch. I want you to search your hearts this morning. Oh, find my drying. Oh, broken [Music] places. Oh, thirsty for your love. [Music] Oh Lord, forgive me if I wonder. Oh, far away from you. [Music] All I ever need. Oh, come and make me new. Oh, pour your spirit out on me and fall just like the rain. [Music] Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. Oh, I need you now. Just pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out. Just pour your spirit out on me and fall like the rain. will saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Make me I need you now. Holy Spirit, the more I seek you, the more I seek you. [Music] Oh, the more I find you. Oh, the more I find you. Oh, the more I love you. [Music] I want to sit at your feet, drink from the cup in your bed, lay back against you and breathe and feel your heartbeat. All this love is so deep. It's more than I can stand. I'm melting in your peace. It's overwhelm me. The more I seek you, oh the more I find you. Oh, the more I find you, oh, the more I love. How many just wants to lay back on you? I want to sit at your feet, drink from the cup in your hand, lay back against you and breathe. Oh, feel your heartbeat. Oh, this love is so deep. Oh, it's more than I can stand. I'm holding your peace and overwhelm me. [Music] Oh, the more I seek [Music] you. Oh, the more I find you. Hallelujah. Why don't you just guide him right there where you are the spirit of the Lord is moving through this place this morning. The pillar of fire is here to touch every heart to take us into deep waters. Let him come and brew over your life. Consecrate every part of your life to him. Let him take you beyond the surface this morning. begin to seek after him with all of your [Music] heart. It's more than I can say in your peace. It's overwhelm me. Brother Jim, sister Charlene, if you wouldn't mind maybe holding Brother Enoch right now. I'm going to invite Sister Gabrielle, Sister Rebecca to come like for them to sing that song. Gratitude if you wouldn't mind by the help of the Lord. We just want to find the mind of the Lord this morning. Very grateful for what he's done in this moment. God is doing something very very special. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. All my words fall short. I've got nothing new. How could I [Music] express all my gratitude? I could sing these songs, as I often do. But every song must [Music] end, and you never do. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart sing. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. I've got one response. I've got just one move. With my arms stretched wide, I will worship you. So I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelu hallelu. And I know it's not much. I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelu. Hallelu. So come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. So come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. So come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy or you lift up your soul cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. So come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] [Music] So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. And I know it's not much. I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a horse singing [Music] hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. So come on my soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul. If you've got a lion inside of those, get up and praise the Lord. So come on, my soul. Lord, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. You got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and pray for the Lord. Get up. Get up. Get up. My soul. Oh, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your souls cuz you got a lighting inside of those arms. Get up and praise the Lord. So come on my soul. Oh don't you let your soul loose in it. You've got a lion inside of those bombs. Get up and praise the [Music] Lord. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. [Applause] There there is a blood that cost the life that paid my way. Earth. Oh, when he fall down from the cross, my sins are gone. My sins forgot. There is a grave that tried to hide. This precious blood that gave me life. Oh, in three [Applause] days he breathed the king and [Music] ro in mighty face. So I come oh to tell you he's alive. Oh, to tell you that he drives. Oh, we tear that fall. So I come. Oh, so I come. Oh, to tell you that he saves. Oh, to shout and to proclaim that he's coming back for you. There is a blood that sides the blind that heals the sick. The lonely fights. It has the power to free the bound as chains they fall upon the grave. Don't pour it out to cleanse my soul and let his liquid. Oh, glory flow. Because he lives to make me whole. I owe my love. I love I so I come. Oh to tell you he's alive. Oh to tell you've had it dry. Oh, every tear that falls. So I come, so I come. Oh, to tell you that he saves. Oh, to shout and to proclaim that he's coming [Applause] back. So I come. And so I come oh to tell you he's alive. Oh to tell you that he tries. Oh the tear that falls. And what can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. And what can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of [Music] Jesus. Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful for the blood of Jesus this morning? Today we have some candidates for baptism. if they wouldn't mind just coming at this time. Amen. We want to welcome these new converts into the kingdom of God as we make ready for the baptismal service. Brother Matthew, if you wouldn't mind just singing at this time. Those that are desiring to be baptized, if you wouldn't mind just coming at this time. Amen. [Music] welcome. I was lost me. Oh, his love for me. Oh, his love for me. Who the sun sets free. Oh, he's free indeed. I'm the child of God. Yes, I am. In my father's house, there's a place for me. I'm a child of God. Yes, I am free at last. He has ransome for his grave runs deep. While I was a slave to Jesus died for me, you see for me who the son says free for is free indeed. I'm the child of God. Yes, I am. In my father's house, there's a place for me. I'm a child of God. Yes, I am. Who the sun the sun set free is free. I'm a child of God. Yes, I am. In my father's house, there's a place for me. I'm a child of God. Yes, I am. Are you chosen? [Music] I am chosen, not forsaken. Oh, I am who you say I am. You are for me, not against me. I am who you say I am. I am chosen, not forsaken. Well, I am who you say I am. You are for me, not against me. I am who you say I am. Who the sun sets free. Oh, is free. I'm a child of God. Yes, I [Music] am. In my father's house, there's a place for me. I'm a child. [Music] Yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. Well, I'm a child of the king. Oh, his ro your blood. Oh, now flows through my veins. And I whose red and poor now can sing. Oh, praise God. Oh, praise God. Will I'm a child of Oh, let's sing that again. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Oh, Lamb, a child of the king. Oh, his ro your blood. Oh, now flows through my face and I whose red and poor thou can see. Praise God. Oh, praise God. I'm a child. You can be seated this time. Uh, Brother Chester's sister here with us, Sister Cynthia. She's come to take on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ today, be buried with him in baptism. She realizes what the scripture says and how important that Jesus Christ left to her this commandment to be baptized in his name. She's commit she has completely confessed of her sins and repented of them and come to take on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We know that by the scripture that God is obligated to give you the Holy Ghost if we truly repent. So sister prepare for your blessing. Father, we come to you today in a very sacred moment Lord Jesus. Our brother Timothy has come all the way from Louisiana, Father, and he spoke directly some very special things, Lord Jesus, to our congregation this weekend. Lord, we watch what you have witnessed by the preaching of the word today, Father, to our souls. How that you are taking us from the surface to the depths. Father, that explains, Lord Jesus, how you take a seed, Father, and begin to plant it and watch it grow. Father, I pray Lord as Sister Cynthia comes today, she's repented of her sins, as she's completely turned away from the old the old man, the old woman. And now we pray God that as we would baptize her in this watery grave, that you would fill her with the Holy Ghost like never before. Now the water doesn't change us, Father. It's the washing of the word that makes the difference in our life. And I pray, Lord, that you would just baptize her into the kingdom of God. that everyone around her, Father, though the things that she may have done in her past were made her guilty, Father, but the blood of Jesus Christ makes us innocent, Father. So, Father, according to thy word, I baptize our sister Cynthia in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's stand. Let's all go down to the river. Well, there's a man who walking on the water. Well, come along with me. Well, if you want to see this man walking over the water, well, let's all go down to the river. There's a man walking on the water. Well, come along with me if you want to see that man walking on the water. Well, Jesus, he's that man at the river and he's washing all people sins away. Well, he can save your soul if you give him control. Be ready for that judgement day. Oh, well, let's all go down to the river. Oh, there's a man walking on water. will come along with me if you want to see that man walking. God bless you. You're dismissed this morning from the grave. Change the water and turn it into wine. Well, he can make the lame home. He can make that D. Open all the blind eyes to see. Oh well, let's all go down to the river. There's a man walking on the water. Well, come along with me. If you want to see that man walking on the water, oh Jesus is that man at the for heat.
