################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-14 - Let My People Go - Bro. Andrew Spencer on June 14th, 2025 - Andrew Spencer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-14
Title:    "Let My People Go" - Bro. Andrew Spencer on June 14th, 2025
Speaker:  Andrew Spencer
Church:   Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 52m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1E97QQdbpNE
========================================

Description:
If these messages have blessed you, please consider supporting our ministry.
We are very thankful for the help God sends us through praying saints.
Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle is a Non-Profit Christian Ministry and is wholly funded by the tax-deductible donations of our supporters. Please visit our website if you like to support Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. https://www.fullgospellighthousetabernacle.com/live-stream/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Down you. old. [Music] Thank you. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] Happy [Music] heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] You know, [Music] there are [Music] sing. to thank him for so long to praise him for your sin. He's been so good to me. [Music] As I think of what he's done and where he brought me from, I've got so much to break him for. When I look around and see the good things he's just for me, I know I'm unworthy of them all. And his blessings he freely gives I hope. my life to him. I've got so much to thank him for. And I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. [Music] And sometimes while on this way, I'll stop just to kneel and say thank you, Lord, for all you've done for me. [Music] And one day I'll reach heaven shore. Oh, please just let me kneel once more. I've got so much to thank him for. Let's thank. I've got so much to thank him for. I've got so much I want to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. [Music] of what he's done and where he's brought me from. I've got so much to thank him for. [Music] And when I think of what he's done and where he brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. [Music] Amen. That's why we've come this evening to thank him for his goodness in our life. Isn't it good to be in the house of the Lord with each one of you here this evening? Master of my boat life sails on the troubled sea. Ever there's a wind in my sail. But my heavenly father, he watches over me when the breeze turns into again. And I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. [Music] I know the master of the wind. [Music] Sometimes I soar like an eagle to the high. Above the peaks my soul can be found. But an unexpected storm may drive me from the heights. It may bring me low, but it can never bring me down. Cuz I know I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm and make the sun shine again. I know the master of the wind. I know the master. Yes, I know the master of the wind. [Music] I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Amen. Here. Sometimes my load is so hard to carry. And it seems my cross. I cannot bear. And I tried so hard and I being such a failure. Whatever I do, whatever I say, keep me sanified now. Keep me sanified. in the storm clouds gather. When the battle gets rough and my way seems so hard, Lord, I tried so hard and I've been such a failure. Whatever I do, whatever I say, keep me sanified. [Music] Well, the messengers came [Music] to old Joe one evening and they told him that all [Music] all his children had died. I can hear Job say. Though God slay me, I will trust him. Job lost everything he ever had gained. But he stayed sanified. Now keep me sanified when the storm clouds gather. When the battle gets rough and the way seems so hard, when I tried so hard, but I be such a failure. Whatever I do, whatever I say, keep me sanctified. But when my work down here on this earth has ended, I'll rest forever by my savior's side. I'm going to praise his name forever and ever. Here we go. for the way that he always stood by me and kept me sanctified. Lord, keep me sanified when my storm clouds gather [Music] when the road seems so hard. [Music] [Applause] Lord, I tried so hard, but I've been such a failure. Whatever I do, whatever I say, keep me sanified, Lord. Keep me sanified. wind if storm clouds gather. When the battle gets run and the way seems so hard, when I tried so hard and I've been such a failure. Whatever I do, whatever I say, Lord, keep me sanctified. Amen. Lord, keep us sanctified. [Music] Leaning on the everlasting arms. No better arms to be leaning on this evening. What a fellowship. What a joy divine leaning on the everlasting arms. What a blessedness. What a peace of mind. Leaning on the everlasting arms. I'm bleeding, [Music] leading safe and secure from all along. I'm leaning. I'm leaning leaning on the everlasting arm. Oh, how sweet you fall in this building. Leaning on the everlasting arm. Oh, how bright the path grows from day to day. Leaning on the everlasting arms. I believe [Music] and secure from all along I'm leaning leaning leaning on the everlasting arms. What have I to dread? What have I defeated? Leaning on the everlasting arm. I have blessing peace with my Lord. [Music] Amen. I'm leaning leaning leaning leaning ever. I'm leaning I'm leaning leaning on the everlasting arms. Oh, how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way, leaning on the everlasting [Music] on. Oh, how bright the path grows from day to day, leaning on the everlasting arm. I'm leading [Music] be [Music] and secure from all along. I'm leaning leaning [Music] leaning on the everlasting arm. What have I betrayed? What have I been leaning on the everlasting arm? I have blessed peace with my Lord saying leaning on the everlasting arm. I'm leaving [Music] safe and secure from all along. I'm leaning, [Music] leaning, leaning on the everlasting arm. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise. I'm so glad that we can lean in them everlasting arms. The King's Highway. It's a highway to heaven. None can walk up there. But the pure heart, it's a highway [Music] to heaven. I'm walking up the king highway. My way is brighter. My load is lighter. Walking up the king's highway, [Music] there's joy in knowing with him I'm going walking up the king's highway. Well, it's a highway [Music] to heaven. None can walk away. But the pure heart, it's a highway to heaven. I'm walking up the highway. You don't have to worry. Don't have to hurry. Walking up the king's highway. Christ is inside me. Angels here to guide me. Walking up the king's highway. There is a highway to heaven. [Music] It's a highway to heaven. Walking up the highway. [Music] If you're not walking, start while I'm talking. Walking up the king highway. There'll be a blessing you'll be possessing walking up the king highway and it's a highway to heaven. [Music] It's a highway to heaven. Walking up the king highway. [Music] Will my way gets brighter, my lord gets lighter. Walking up the highway, [Music] there's joy in knowing that with him I'm going walking up the king's highway. Well, it's a highway to heaven. [Music] It's a highway to heaven. [Music] I'm walking up the highway [Music] and amen. I'm so glad I'm walking up that highway. Amen. And I once was walking a different road, but mercy and grace come and got me and got me on a good paved road. Some say it's a tough road. I tell you, it's been the easiest one I've been on since I let him have control. That road I was on, buddy. You I don't know what a man would want to walk down that road for. That just goes to show something ain't right. Thank you, Lord, for the mercy and grace. Ain't he good to us? He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. [Music] He's got it all in control. He put that reassur way down in my soul. He's got it all in control. [Music] I put my life in his hands. I put my life in his hands. So every road I walk down, I know it's in his plan. I've put my life in his hands. My father knows what I need. [Music] In everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. [Music] He's got it all in control. Do you believe that tonight? He's got it all in control. He put that reassur way down in my soul. [Music] He's got it all in control. I've put my life in his hands. I've put my life in his hands. [Music] I've put my life in his hands. So every road I walk down, I know it's in his plan. I put my life in his hand. [Music] My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. In everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. Maybe just play that softly as we go through the prayer request. Sister, I want to continue to remember Sister Teresa and brother Bill Delaney. See, Sister Teresa, we got a report she's doing well. We just want to continue to lift her up. Pray for her for strength for her and brother Bill. We have a request here for brother Jeff Breeden. It's brother Davey and brother Jerry's dad. He's very sick. We want to be remembering him tonight. And praying that God would just come on the scene for brother Jeff and a sister Stephanie Lacier from back in Kentucky. Uh, having back issues. That's a Stephen, isn't it? Stephen Lacader. I'm sorry about that. Brother Steven Lassader from Kentucky having back issues. We want to be lifting him up in prayer as well. And Sister Adaniah wants to lift up her teacher, Miss Bryley. She's not doing too well. She's hurt. So, Adaniah wants us to remember her sister in prayer here tonight. [Music] Please remember David. He's very sick with possible pneumonia. And Gabriel is not feeling well today. Sister Christina Pierce. Want to continue to remember our pastor, Brother Ron. The Lord touch him. Sister Donna Ber and those that are fighting cancer. All those maybe you got a need on your heart here tonight that's unspoken but you know the Lord knows every one of them. There's not a secret we can keep on our heart and he cares about the small ones to the great ones. That's what kind of God we serve. That's how he wins our hearts over. Sometimes we don't say a word and he'll answer that prayer and you know that he's just he's just rich in love and full of mercy and grace. Would you come and take them to here? Thank you, brother. God bless you. Let's just bow our heads. Father, we need you, Lord. We need you to come by our way, Lord. You're in the building, Father. We We just want to tell you we love you, Lord. God, we see the signs of the time as we look around, Lord, Israel and all the things that are going on. But Father, our focus is making a rapture, Lord. And Lord, we've come together tonight, Lord God, to give you praise and worship, Lord, and to hear the word of the Lord. And Father, we're expecting, Lord God, great things, Father. God, I pray that you just come right now. Each one of us has a need, Father. A spiritual need, God, a natural need, God. Whatever that need may be, Father, you know the need, Lord. And God, maybe it not just happened in this service, but maybe faith would anchor down, Lord. May there be a word spoken, God, that we know we're going to make it through. It's going to be all right. The answer's on the way, Father. God, I pray for healing over every one of these prayer requests, Lord. God, the Bible said, "Ask and you shall receive." There's no distance that's too far. There's no cancer that's too great. There's no sickness that's too great, Father. So God, we pray in the name of Jesus Christ. And we believe God, you hear our prayer. And Lord, we just ask that you'd come, Lord. Have unknown way, Lord. Lord, I pray for Brother Andrew right now, God. He's studied. He's looked at it, Lord. He's put every human ability there. But Father, I pray may a supernatural present anointing of the uncction of God would come, Lord, and take that gift, Lord God. Move that man out of the way, God. And may you minister the word of the Lord, God. And we'll be very careful, Lord God, to give you praise and glory. Have thine no way in this service, God. We commit it all to you, Lord. Bless each need. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. As we prepare to take up this evening's tithes, we brother Randle, you got a special you'd like to sing for us after. Brother Randall, I believe sister Tracy and Heather, Sister Caitlyn have a That's good. Sometimes I fall [Music] to my knees and pray. Come Jesus, come. Let today be the day [Music] that sometimes I feel [Music] like I'm going to break, but I'm holding on to a hope that won't fade. [Music] So come Jesus come. [Music] We've been waiting so long for the day you return to heal every hurt. You write every wrong. We need you right now. come and turn this around. And deep down I know this world isn't home. So come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. Well, there'll be no war and there'll be no chains. [Music] When Jesus comes, let today be the day. He'll come for the weak and the strong just the same. [Music] and I will believe in the power of his name. Oh, come Jesus, come. [Music] We've been waiting so long for the day you return. You heal every hurt. You'll write every wrong. We need you right now. Oh, come and turn this around. And deep down I know this world isn't home. Well come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. One day he'll come and we'll stand face to face. [Music] Come and lay it all down. Cuz it might be today. The time is right now. Oh, there's no need to wait. Your path will be washed by rivers of grace. [Music] Oh, come Jesus, come. Oh, we've been waiting so long for the day you return. You heal every hurt and write every wrong. We need you right now. Oh, come and turn this around. [Music] Oh, deep down I know this world isn't home. So come Jesus, come. Come Jesus come. [Music] [Applause] [Music] There are moments nothing when heaven and earth meet face to face. When a broken heart begins to change, word takes on flesh and a soul finds faith. Where the unfulfilled are satisfied [Music] and the unknown scars are reconiled. There's an open door to a brand new life. Up close in the presence of the Savior. I just want to be in the room. Want to be in the room when you move. And I'm not leaving. Not leaving till you do. [Music] I just want to be in the room. Want to be in the room when you move. And I'm not leaving. I'm leaving till you do. [Music] I want to see the blind, receive their sight. [Music] Hear the praise of the voiceless start to rise. [Music] Every child of God baptized with fire right here in the presence of the healer. Oh, I just want to be in the room. I want to be in the room when you move. And I'm not leaving. Not leaving till you do. Oh, I don't want to miss it. I just want to be in the room. Want to be in the room when you move. And I'm not leaving. Not leaving till you do. [Music] Tear off the roof. Throw me down. Whatever it takes to give me to you. [Music] Tear off the roof and lower me down. Whatever it takes to get me to you. Oh, give me you. Tear off the roof and lower me down. Whatever it takes to get me to you. Roll every stone. Push through the crowd. But I want to see you break through. Tear off the roof. Lower me down. Whatever it takes to get me to you. Roll every stone and push through the ground. God, I want to see you break through. [Applause] [Music] God, I want to see you break through. [Music] I just want to be in the room. Want to be in the room when you move and I'm not leaving. Not leaving till you do. Oh, I don't want to miss it. I just want to be in the room. Want to be in the room. When you move, then I'll leave it. Not even until you do. Tear off the roof and lower me down. Whatever it takes to get me to you. Roll every stone. Push through the crowd. But I want to see you break through. Tear off the roof. Lower me down. Whatever it takes to get me to you. Roll every stone and push through the crowd. God, I want to see you break through. Oh, I just want to be in the room. Want to be in the room when you move. And I'm not leaving. Not leaving till you do. Oh, I don't want to miss it. I just want to be in the room. Want to be in the room when you move. And I'm not leaving. Not leaving till you do. [Applause] May we all stand as we prepare to invite our brother Andrew out with the word. I tell you, just one moment in the room with him when he comes. That's all it takes. One moment. One moment in the room with the Lord and you'll never be the same again. Amen. Pour your spirit out on me. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. [Music] Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Pour your spirit out on me. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirst be so fall fresh on me. Fill my cup again. [Music] Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Oh, your spirit. [Music] Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. [Music] Find my dry air, broken places, thirsty for your love, [Music] Lord. Forgive me if I wonder [Music] far away from you. [Music] You are all I ever needed. Come and make me new. [Applause] Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. And you my mercy come fall aresh on me. Feel my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. Oh. Oh, I need you now. Just pour your spirit. Let's sing that chorus one more time. Pour your spirit out on me. Just pour your spirit out on me. All like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall fresh on me and fill my cup again. Oh, heal my heart and make me new. Oh, I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Amen. Amen. That's what we truly need is more of him. Amen. God bless you. It's good to be in the house of the Lord and hopefully you had a wonderful week. Amen. Amen. We're We made it another week and and um here we are. So, we showed up here just to prove the devil he was wrong. Amen. I just like to uh I got this note from Brother Tom Ber and I'd like to uh share this with you. I got this earlier this week. Um I believe it was Wednesday. He said, "Uh, Brother Ron, Brother Andrew, we want to give you an update on Sister Donna's progress with the cancer. We had a PET scan and a CAT scan done several weeks ago and a doctor called us had a phone conference with Donna yesterday and we have had we have some really marvelous news. He told us that the cancer spots that were on her lungs aren't in there anymore and also her lymph nodes have no more activity of cancer. Amen. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. said the first doctor had said that she had more cancerous lymph nodes than he could count. He said it just seems to be gone. Also, the cancer on her bones he believes is also gone. And what's showing is that her bones are healing where the cancer was. Also, he said the size of the cancer on her breast was significantly decreased. She is feeling good doing getting to do all the activi activities that she wants to do every day. And we want to thank you, brother Ron, and your church for all your prayers. So, praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Isn't our Lord wonderful? Amen. Amen. Our God is tremendous, isn't he? Amen. If you have your Bibles today, we'd like to just look in the book of Exodus chapter 4. Exodus chapter 4 and verse 20. And then Exodus chapter 5. Just wanted to say we again appreciated brother Aaron being here last weekend. He he blessed our hearts tremendously. And um brother Doug uh Bowman uh took some of us out, took brother Aaron out and was able to show him uh a few things where the Louisiana Tigers fought actually 163 years ago on that on that day where Louisiana the Louisiana Tigers fought right here in the Shannidoa Valley. And it was pretty special to have some Louisiana people there on the mountain. And uh it it was just special time and I just want to thank you, brother Doug. He did a wonderful job. I don't know exactly what the fee is on that. I haven't got that bill yet, but if you if you're needing a good Civil War guide, I I I recommend him highly. So, Amen. Amen. We just love the Lord with all of our heart, don't we? Amen. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer tonight and just commit this service unto him. Heavenly Father, we come before you, Lord, as your children. Lord, what an honor it is for us to call on your name, Father. Lord, we are mortal human beings, Father. And Lord, we realize, Lord, that we we need your Holy Spirit, Father, to come and manifest his glory right here amongst us. And Lord, tonight, we just ask that you would just come and take your way in this service. Let the Holy Spirit get into the scripture, Father. Lord, we know your word's already anointed. But I pray, Father, that you would anoint us to get into the channel, Father, where you could bless us by the reading of the word, Father, and by the by the power of the Holy Ghost that you can minister to people's needs, Lord, and their wants, their desires, Father, that they have in you, Father, not in man, but in you. And we just invite you, Lord, to take the pull pit, Lord. We invite you to come and take every situation of this day, Lord, of our lives, God. We commit it unto you and we're so honored and to give you praise and glory for all the things you are doing amongst us in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Exodus 4 and verse 20. And the Bible said that Moses took his wife and his sons and set them upon an ass and he returned to the land of Egypt. And Moses took the rod of God in his hand. And the Lord said unto Moses, "When thou goest, return into Egypt, see that thou do all those wonders before Pharaoh, which I have put in thine hand, but I will harden his heart, that he shall not let the people go, and thou shalt say unto Pharaoh, thus saith the Lord, Israel is my son, even my firstborn. And I say unto thee, let my son go, that he may serve me. And if thou refuse to let him go, behold, I will slay thy son, even thy firstborn. Exodus chapter 5 and verse one. Mother Brandham takes from that text there in Exodus chapter 4. He said that was a one-man invasion. Moses riding down there on the backside of that mule going down through there. I would like to just say it like this that what we have witnessed in this hour is a son of man invasion. In this hour, we have watched the very word of life come and manifest its power right here in the bride coming of Christ. Exodus chapter 5 and verse one says, "And after Moses and Aaron went in and told Pharaoh, thus saith the Lord God of Israel, let my people go that they may hold a feast unto me in the wilderness." May God bless his word. You may be seated tonight here in the presence of the Lord. and just like to take a little thought this evening on let my people go. Let my people go. And brother Brandham says something very powerful. It's not very it's not very large in context, but he says something very powerful in the message I have heard but now I see. He said when he moves, he moves. When he moves, he moves. And I I absolutely love to be able to watch back and look throughout history and look back throughout the the Bible and to be able to see where the trail of the Holy Ghost and where you begin to watch when God would begin to lead up to the supernatural or to a place where he is going to perform his word. And we realize that the the cogs of God's prophecy that they they run sure and sometimes they run slow, but they are absolutely perfectly on time. And we realize that he may not move exactly way the way that we want him to move, but he moves he moves exactly according to his word. And it's never out of cater and it's never out of God's time. And we realize that when when God would go throughout the Old Testament, he would he would appear to the prophets and he would appear to the believers of that day. He would appear to them in different way and how that he would contact them. And you begin to watch after the fall there and the in the when when fellowship was broken there in Eden, you would begin to watch how that God would set in motion different things and different ways and how a process of uh uh being able to maintain and a a contact a personal contact with the people and you would begin to watch as God would come and he would show himself in a in and appear in different ways. He would appear I he would appear in dreams in dealing with Abraham and Isaac. And he would appear in visions to his prophets. He would show up as a pillar of fire. He would show up as a whirlwind or a cloud or a burning bush. He would he would even come in the form of a prophet. And we'd realize that that prophet was portraying Christ. He was not the man, but he was portraying Christ. And we watch Christ in in Elijah. We watch Christ in Moses. We watch Christ in Noah. We watch Christ in Abraham. But in the fullness of time, we would watch and witness that he would come and he he would he would veil himself in the body, the fullness of himself. He would dwell in the body called Jesus Christ. And we realize that he would come and he would reveal his word. He would reveal his power. But even right now, we could say and identify that he is appearing unto us by the revelation of his word. That he is beginning to show himself as he truly is. And there's nothing that is held back to the body of Jesus Christ. And I believe that it it is a firm it is a firm confirmation that we recognize that the the same one that was there on the on the banks of the Jordan River is the same one that is in this room that has been guiding you and comforting you and ministering to you. It is the same one that is here to make sure that you find your position as the body of Jesus Christ and as a believer. You see, when Moses was standing in his position, when he comes to the fullness of it, he doesn't realize his position as of yet, even though it's been told to him by his mother and the people that are around him, but he doesn't fully recognize until he comes to a position on the back side of a desert that he is in a place of a position that he is the physical revelation of what Abraham saw. Abraham saw his children. He saw his seed so journeying by a promise. He heard by the word of the Lord that his seed was going to sojourn in a strange land for over 400 years. But Moses was not a promise. Moses was the reality of the promise that was given to Abraham. And I believe that it's very pertinent that we must realize that we are the people of the promise of the hour. Now in Exodus 3 and:e 13 it said that Moses said unto God, behold when I come unto the children of Israel and shall say unto them, the God of your fathers hath sent me unto you, and they shall say to me, what is his name? And what shall I say unto them? No, Moses is asking a question. And God answers him and said said unto Moses said, I am that I am. He said, "Thus thou shalt say unto the children of Israel, that the I am have sent me unto you." Now, Moses has has a good reason in asking this question because 40 years ago, he is remembered as the as the prince of Egypt. He is known as a man that is a murderer of an Egyptian. He's got a past. He's he he's got he's got he's goties. He's got he's got idolatry there. He's got intellectualism there. And he's asking this question because Moses realizes that he's not going to be able to do this on his own. So, I'm going to have to tell them somebody bigger than me is going to do the task that has been laid out here. Because brother Brandham said it in one time that there had been many impersonations that had raised up that had come under Moses under that under the under the hour when Israel was down there in Egypt. There they were down there. He said, "But there was all kinds of people that had rose up. But Moses wanted something different. He wanted to have an identification of his confirmation of his commission that he could point back and say, "This is who sent me." Now notice in Exodus 6 and verse one, then the Lord said unto Moses, "Now shalt thou see what I will do to Pharaoh." Now, I want you to notice the the the personal pronoun here how many times God says, "I." He said, "I will do to Pharaoh, for with a strong hand shall he let them go, and with a strong hand shall he drive them out of this land." And God spake unto Moses, and said unto him, I am the Lord. And I appeared unto Abram, unto Isaac, unto Jacob, by the name of God Almighty, that we realize is El Shadi, the Almighty El Shadi. But by my name Jehovah, was I not known to them. And I have also established my covenant with them to give them the land of Canaan, the land of their pilgrimage, wherein they were strangers. And I have also heard the groaning of the children of Israel, whom the Egyptians came in bondage. And I have remembered my covenant. I think it's powerful when God gets to remember what he said. Even though you might be in a crisis, but God remembers what he said. Wherefore I say unto the children of Israel, I am the Lord, and I will bring you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians, and I will rid you out of their bondage, and I will redeem you with a stretched out arm, with a great judgment, and I will take you to me for a people. Hallelujah. Moses wasn't doing this for Moses. Moses was being led by the I am. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. that I will take you unto myself for a people, and I will be to you a God, and you shall know that I am the Lord your God, which bringeth you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians, and I will bring you under the land concerning the which I did swear to give unto Abraham, and to Isaac, and to Jacob, and I will give it to you for inheritance. I am the Lord." So God is showing that he that he has expressed himself as the almighty God that he is that he is both old and new testament. He shows himself that he can that Abraham could lean on the bosom of El Shadi. And at 99 years old, you can go to read in Genesis chapter 17. You can find that Abraham leaned on the bosom of El Shadi. You can see where where Isaac is there in Genesis 28. And you watch as Isaac begins to bless El Shadi is blessing the next generation. And when you look at Genesis 35, you will see there that God confirms Jacob's destiny. But he is showing himself as El Shadi in these moments. But he's declaring he said, "Now look, I have shown myself as the almighty God that I am El Shadi. I am I am the breasted God. I have the abilities." He was showing to them that I'm a promise maker. I'm a promise preserver and I'm a promise fulfiller. But what he was getting ready to do is that he was getting ready to show himself by the name of Jehovah by which Abraham didn't know him that way. Isaac didn't know him that way. Jacob didn't know him that way. But Moses was getting ready to stand out there and identify that our God is God Jehovah. He what does it mean? It means that he was getting ready to show to them that in Jehovah lays everything that you have meat of. He was Jehovah Rafa to them. He was his their healer. He was Jehovah Shalom, their peace. He was Jehovah Tisanu. And he was going to show himself as Jehovah deliverer in which he'd never showed himself. He was telling Moses, "Tell Israel to get ready. I'm getting ready to declare myself." Now the prophet would teach us that the angel of the Lord accompanies the message always. He accompanies the message always. And I think it's something that we need to keep in our mind. David would say that I I have set the Lord always before me that I might not sin against him. How can you sin against the Lord when you've set him right before you? Are you with me? The angel of the Lord accompanies the message always in taking on the whole armor of God. He said that's what we need today is a man that'll take God's word with the power of the Holy Ghost behind him to press it out there and to watch it come to pass. He said that is God's army, his word of fire. His army is dressed with the ever presence of himself in there going with us. I'll go with you. I'll be in you. Not you that speaketh, but the father that dwelleth in you. He doeth the works. So the army of God is dressed in the presence of the I am and the presence of Jehovah. You are dressed in it. Hallelujah. I tell you that's shout material right there is realize that he said I'm never going to leave you and I'm never going to forsake you. You might walk through trials. You might walk through Egyptians. You might walk through diseases. You might walk through plagues. You might walk through criticism. You might walk through people that don't want to go all the way. But nevertheless, Moses, I'm going to be your God. And I'm going to be sure that I get my seed exactly to the destination that I've destined them to be. Whether they want to go or whether they don't want to go. What was Moses watching? He was watching an explosion of revelation strike him. I say the same thing has struck this generation. When William Brandham stood here in the ministry from 1947 to 65, we witnessed an explosion of revelation. William Brandham wasn't teaching himself. William Brandon wasn't talking about himself. William Brandon wasn't teaching his ideas. He was teaching Bible. When he moves, he moves. You watch Luther, you lo you watch it and God used Luther to move in a certain way. He used Wesley to move in a certain way. He used the Isuza Pentecost of the restoration of gifts to move in a certain way. But this is a different movement. This is a movement that will not die. There's going to be a lot of people that that die in a message movement, but this angelic message, this angelic message cannot die. Hallelujah. That's why brother Brandon would say, "We're in a rapturing age." He said, "Ain't going to get no better." He said, "But it's going to get worse." He said, he said, "Things are moving right now." He said, "But let me say this. The move is on for the bride that is thus sayaith the Lord. And when God when God his intention and his purpose in this message is to simply bring the people to his presence, that's what William Brandham's motives was was to never bring them to himself, but was simply to bring the people into a position over an atmosphere where they could witness the Holy Ghost, where they could witness Christ for themselves. It wasn't to bring him to himself. And you watch when Moses got there, he realized he couldn't do it on his own. He tried it on his own. He tried an intellectualism all on his own. He had a good idea what he was born to do. He survived. He survived when all other kids didn't survive because the angel Gabriel had been watching over at little Moses when he was in a bull rush and he was going down a Nile River. And God said, "Gabriel, you stand there and you make sure that no crocodile gets him." What was it? Moses was destined. Moses was sent. And Moses took it intellectually. He took it intellectually and he killed one man and they run him out of the city. But when he comes back, when he comes back, he drowns all the Egyptians out there and nobody said anything. The difference was he was under commission. That's why brother Man would say that Moses was better equipped in five minutes. Hallelujah. He was better equipped in five minutes and all the schooling and all the theologian and all the learning that he could ever do down there in Egypt. He was a smart man, but that didn't teach him how to deliver them. Moses said, I love what Moses said in Exodus 33 and 15. He said, "Lord, if your presence doesn't go up before me, don't take me up there." And that's the way you've got to be. If your presence ain't with me, I don't want to go there. If your presence ain't destined for me to be here, then I don't want to go there, but his presence has destined me to a position of a message. And I say the land is sweet. I say it's time you come over into this land and feel feast off of it. I say it like the prophet said it. Come on in. The water's fine. If you don't know about his presence, I say come on in. The water's fine. If you don't know about this baptism of the Holy Ghost, I say come on in. The water's fine. If you don't know about the deliverance power of Jesus Christ, I say come on in. The water's fine. His presence is what makes the difference between us and the rest of the world. Brother Manam said, "The church without the presence of the Holy Spirit is simply just another building with the name of Jesus Christ tacked over it." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The world we live in, I I don't think you have to, you don't have to imagination loose very much to realize that our world is a very cruel, vile, wicked world full of people that can become demonpossessed. It's Satan's objective to contaminate the believer and separate him from God's divine presence. That's Satan's objective and his motive is to simply keep you away. And I say this that if Satan could keep you away from this message, he'd have you whipped, but he ain't been able to. So I would take great courage in that God has got a purpose in your life. That almighty God has got something over your top of your life. Predestination looks back to election. Almighty God chose you to run this this message. And the believer's resolve is like Paul's resolve in Romans 8:38. I am persuaded that neither death nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor death, nor any other creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus. That is my resolve. Let hell come and let high water come. My resolve is that Christ is my soldier. that Christ is my defender, that Christ is my healer, that Christ is my protector, that no matter what comes, there's going to be nothing that separates me. So I say, Satan, let God's people go. [Applause] You begin to read in Exodus chapter 1 verse 13, you begin to see, just grab a picture of the the the slavery that they were under. The Egyptians made the children of Israel to serve them with rigor. It means to break apart. It means to fracture. It means cruelty and severity. And they made their lives bitter with hard bondage in mortar and in brick and all manner of service in the field. And their service wherein they made them serve was with rigor. I I just begin to just try to get into the mindset of where these brothers and sisters were. And I I begin to study out some uh some of the Rhabenic traditions. And they would talk about the brutal labor that these Jewish people were under. And they would say that it wasn't just typical work. They said that it was intentionally assigned to be meaningless. That it was exhausting. It was humiliating. And sometimes without a purpose, men doing women's work and women doing men's work, they put them under a systematic oppression where Pharaoh began to fear the population. When you read in Exodus 1 and 9 and 10, he begin to say that the people of these Hebrews is more mightier than ourselves. And they begin to look at it and they begin to strategize how that they could oppress them. And all of a sudden they began they begin to get this intent of creating a genocide against these against these Israelites and they trying to kill them out. They they kid out the Hebrew babies and they they had got the Israelites had got to a spot where they were building didn't even know what they were building and a lot of times it was without purpose. It was simply to break them of who they were. They were trying to break their identity. They was trying to break them of of who what they really were. They were not simply just working them. They were trying to beat their identity right out of them. They were trying to make them forget that Abraham would give them a promise. If Pharaoh could forget Joseph just in a short little time, he was going to try to beat that there was an angel that there was a God that had promised that there was going to come out and they were going to try to beat this promise right out of them. He was going to try to break them. They lost all hope and identity. When you go to read in Psalms 137, you begin to capture in the first one through four verses, you begin to capture the mindset of where they were, they hung their harps upon the willow tree. And they said, "We cannot sing the song of joy in a strange land. They had been broken. They had been beaten. They had been criticized. They had been mocked." lay much different than today. The way sin does people, it beats them. It destroys them. Alcohol comes in and robs their family. Runs them down in a ditch. It makes them look at things they shouldn't be looking at. It makes them run where they shouldn't be running. What is sin wanting to do? It is wanting to control them. Control their faith. Control them and bring in unbelief. He wants to keep the promise for you believers, for you Christians, and say it's for another day and make it seem impossible. He tries to tell you that that you can't control your mind no more. That the things that you're battling are always going to be there. I want you to remember my title, let my people go. He tries to control you with oppression, and depression constantly attacks your humanity with sickness and diseases. kind of sounds like he's trying to break you. Because if you can recognize your identity, you can recognize that no matter what strange land I'm in, I can sing that he is hosana. I can sing he is Jehovah God Almighty. No matter what I'm going through, I can sing the Lord is my shepherd. I can say the Lord is my light. I can say like Daniel said, "No matter what I go through, I will not bow down to that down to that image." The hebrew children said, "I'm not going to bow down to that." Daniel said, "I'm going to pray even if you try to stop me praying." What was it Daniel and the Hebrew children and Moses and the Israelites had a resolve. And Satan is trying to break the resolve right out of the Christian believers of this day. He always does it when he thinks he's got the upper hand on God's children. When you look at the space of time, I had a I had a nice picture drawn out and I I I didn't bring it because I figured y'all get lost at it. And and I basically it showed the timeline from when God gives the promise to when Moses brings them out in the Exodus. And there's 645 years. In that time, Abraham has Isaac and Jacob, and Joseph is born, and Joseph is sold into slavery, and he goes down to Egypt. And it goes on, but here they were for 645 years, and this promise was still their promise. There was somebody that didn't look like it, but it was still a promise. And when Satan gets the upper hand on you, he tries to make you think that you're never going to see it fulfilled. It's kind of like Saul and a bunch of chickens over there on that hillside and they was being mocked and made fun of because nobody would go out there and fight this pre prehistoric giant. But he thought that he had everybody up there on that hill in complete cowardness and he got them all cowed down. You see, Satan will never make a challenge like that if he knows that there's real genuine faith. But when he sees when he sees there's a spot of weakness, he'll come in there and torment and try to beat it out. But little did Satan recognize there was a little bitty old David that had a faith that was born on the inside of him that his father that his father Jesse didn't give him. And I say this, Samuel didn't give it to him, but it was born on the inside of him. He God said that's a man that's born after my own heart. Hallelujah. What are you saying? I'm saying you don't have to stay in sin. You don't have to stay in bondage any longer. Even if you're not living a sinful life, you don't have to live in the bondage of putting up with dirty, nasty devils. I love the scriptures. because God makes it so personal. And I love I I love Moses. I I've tried never to I enjoy studying Moses. Let me just say it like that. But in the in the books, the first five books of the Bible, you begin to see that Moses is a man that God uses. He takes him all the way back to Adam and Eve in the garden, and he allows him to have this authority to be able to write all these things down. And I love when when he begins to write that God said, "I've heard the cry of my people." This wasn't just William Brandham's people, but these was this was God's people. And I I I love this that that that William Brandom didn't just call me bride, but somebody else And I I love how that God says it over 231 times in the in the King James version. He says that these are my people. I want you to notice that the Bible declares that you are called, you are chosen, you are elected, you are set aside, you are purchased, you are his kindred. Therefore, you could be redeemed by a kinsman redeemer. that he says that you are my people. Let me just point this out very very I think it's very elementary but I think it's powerful. The reason why Pharaoh couldn't have them was because they wasn't his. And the reason why the devil's never been able to get a hold of you is because you wasn't his. You never was his. Even though you look like it at one spot and even though you you did things that look like it, you never was his. So the reason why Pharaoh couldn't keep them locked up down there in Egypt even though he wanted to was because they didn't belong to him. They belonged to Jehovah. That's why God could say, "Let my people go. They're mine. I ordained them. I called them. I chose them. They're mine. And if God's got you, let the world do what it's going to do. Let the world say what it's going to say. Let Satan try to stop you and tempt you, but I am bought with a prize. The Bible said in Hebrews 1:1 that God who had sund dry times and diverse manner spake in times passing of the fathers by the prophets. He would he would use and speak through the prophets. And I I just want to say that the message came to Israel at the right time. And the message came to this bride at the right time. They begin to watch that these that Moses in his characteristics that he had the habits of Jehovah. He moved like Jehovah. He picked up dust like Jehovah just like he did when he was walking down there on them streets with when when he was going to Abraham. They watch Moses do the same thing and he would take it and he would speak flies and fleas. What was it? It was the characteristics of God that was in Moses and that it was the same characteristics that was in William Plum. It was the attributes or the habits of Jehovah. And I would say that that you and I have never been in physical bondage like the children of Israel was. But I I want you to know that we were in a spiritual bondage where we're under denominational ideas and we were in a season where God was going to have to break the hold of creeds and dogmas of of ideologies and Christianity off the people. So God sent a prophet. I I remember my my my teenie my my grandmother Christine, she she would tell me when they first got the message, they were just young young people and they grabbed a hold of the message and Tiny was in uh she was in the she was in a denomination. I don't I don't recall the denomination at this moment. But anyways, what was it? She was in the Methodist movement and and she at an early age she had signed her name to the church book and and she was just she was just very she was very moved by the message and she'd heard brother Brandham said never put your name on on a church book and those things and she wanted to get her name off of it and and so she didn't know what was going to happen. She wanted her name off that book. And so here she is. It's a little bit old teenage girl, probably somebody they didn't want to pick on. But anyways, they they they she said that they all these elders came and they set her in a circle and there they completely surround her. You can imagine the intimidation that that this denominational idea is trying to use on this little bitty girl, tell her all kinds of things, saying if you do this, you're going to take you're going to be completely damned to hell and all intimidating her. That little teenage girl stood there and said, "I don't care what you do. Take my name off the book. I don't need my name on your book." He already put it on his message had to come to break the bondage. [Applause] What was it? Moses had to meet the same one that William Brandham had to meet. What was it? Moses, there's always two ways of looking at everything. And Moses looked out the same window that Pharaoh looked out of. He looks out there. And Moses was was led to to watch by faith. And Pharaoh was led to watch by unbelief. He was led to watch what I love Moses. He was led not to watch what was, but he was going to watch what was going to be. He wasn't going to watch He wasn't going to watch He wasn't going to watch yesterday, but he was going to watch today and tomorrow. He wasn't going to look He wasn't going to look at the people, and he wasn't going to look at the circumstance, but he was going to look at the promise. And Moses, hallelujah, he valued the future reward greater than the present comfort of setting in Egypt as a king. I love what Paul wrote in Hebrews 11:8. By faith, Abraham, when he was called to go out into a place which he should have to receive for an inheritance, obeyed, and he went out, not knowing whether he went, by faith, he sjourned in the land of the promise, as in a strange land, dwelling in the tabernacle with tabernacles with Isaac and Jacob with heirs with him of the same promise. For he looked for a city which had foundations, whose builder and maker was God. So Abraham left everything that was familiar to pursue a promise that he didn't yet see. So Abraham lived like a stranger because he believed like a son. I think that's the way I want to live. And God speaks to him said, "Now look, I've heard their cry. I've heard their cry. I've heard what you're going through, but tell them I'm coming. I'm so thankful to to read Revelations 10 to recognize Christ is right here in the midst of the seven church ages and he's standing right here and we realize that the mighty angel's here. He said tell them I'm coming. You tell him I'm coming. It matters. It matters who's coming. Is that right? I got in I got a few fights when I was younger. I didn't get in too many. But the ones I did get into, I remember I always had a big brother on my side. And I I never did figure out I did figure it out, but I never did. I never did. I don't I ain't getting into all that tonight, but I was just thankful I had big brother. Let me just say it like that. And there's a lot of things he got me out of and I didn't even know I was getting involved in. But you realize that there was somebody that got you out of the mess you was in. You didn't know you was getting in it. He said, "Tell him, I'm coming. I'm coming. And all of heaven is coming with me. I got the power. I got the authority. And I'm going to tell Pharaoh he can do all he wants to. But three million people are leaving with this one man. No matter what kind of hold Satan has got on you, he's got to let you go. Just like in the beginning and the earth was formed and it was without void and it was darkness upon it. Darkness had a hold of it and God said let there be light and all of a sudden darkness had to let go of it. I say the darkness in your life has got to let go. I say the sin in your life has got to let go. Let my people go. Sin's got to let go. Depression's got to let go. Anxiety's got to let go. Pain's got to let go. Hurts got to let go. Unbelief has got to let go. Take your hands. Israel was in Egypt and they had chains, but they had a promise. But there was a voice that was greater than their chains. Humanity was in chains. and they needed to die. But God said, "Let them go. My mercyy's making a way for them. Let them let them go." No matter where you are, you know that there are things that are holding you back from your true worship. And I ain't talking about I'm not talking about here in service, but I'm talking about in your own life. You know that there are things that are holding you back, trying to keep you from worshiping the Lord. And this was the intent of Jehovah. It was not just to get them out, but it was to get them in. Well, he didn't want to just go up there and say, "Look, let him go." But he had a purpose behind it. and a purpose that I mean honestly God had a great purpose. You know what his purpose was? To come out here and serve me. They've been serving you and you ain't got no power to feed them. You ain't got no power to heal them. You ain't got no power to keep them. But let them come out here and serve me. You know that every demon has got to bow to the name of Jesus Christ. You know that the devil does not have to mind me, but he's got to mind the one that I represent. You know, you and I as Christian believers are like the Roman centurion in Matthew chapter 8 when he would stand there said, "Look, I've got a man that's in my in my house." And he said he's sick with a pausy. He said, "I'm a man that is under authority." He said, "And I I realize this that you are the son of God. You don't have to come and pray for him because I recognize the authority that you have. If you'll just speak the word, my servant will be healed." He recognized that the son of God had authority over every devil over Satan himself. So he recognized that every demon below Satan had to bow. That's why when William Brandham is standing there in the paradox and he starts talking about that mamba, he said, "You've been given power to bind him or anything below him." That means you've got power to bind Satan and depression. You've got power to bind Satan and sickness. You as a body of believers have the ability to break out of it to go worship God. Another man said, you know, wrestlers, he said they practice on breaking toe holes and things. He said, if you don't break these toe holes, no. Could you imagine a wrestler coming out? This is one of my favorite quotes. He said, 'Could you imagine a wrestler coming out now with with his fingernails polished and his trunks on with kind of gold beads around it? Look like a pretty good wrestler. He said, "But that's only intellectual. If he hasn't got any hidden strength there, that then what the enemy gets a tow hold on him, then he can pull out of it." Hallelujah. His intellectual beads all around him make everything don't make too much of a difference. So all of our intellectual means nothing if there isn't a hidden power of the Holy Spirit to break the hold of the devil. He said, "But we're in a wrestling match. We're in a wrestling match not with fine dressed intellectual psychology, but we're wrestling with a power and the promise of God which can break any hold on any devil at any time." So God was telling them, "Let my people go." Yeah. You study Exodus chapter 7. I know I'm I'm giving I'm cramming a lot of this in in just a short time, but you you study you study it out and I brother Jonathan was one of the first ones that point this out to me and I studied it years ago and it's very powerful that these plagues were these plagues were not just haphazardly, but they were intentional that when God turned the water into turned the water to blood, almost said wine there. Thank God he didn't. been a bunch of drunk Egyptians, wouldn't it? Yeah, I'm back home. He turned the water to blood. Wow. I'm sorry. That's too much. I'm sorry. But you know, when he turned the water to blood, he attacked the god of the Nile. The I can't say these words right, but they were attacking. God was attacking. They are Egyptian god called happy. Then he he comes in and he he opens a plague of frogs. It was to target the the Egyptian god Hiket which was the froged goddess of fertility and birth. When he releases the gnats in Exodus 8 and las it is attacking the god of the earth. When he when he uh attacks in a plague of flies he is targeting the the god Kefrey the god of creation. And these are Egyptians gods that is depleted with a flies head. When he attacks Hthor, when he attacks in the plague of livestock disease, he is attacking Ahor and her uppies, which is the cow gods in Egypt. When he attacks with boils, he is attacking the Egyptian god Smit, the goddess of healing. When he attacks with hail and fire, he attacks the sky goddess Orsis, the crop fertility. and set the god of storms. When he attacks with locust in Exodus 10, he attacks the god Sarapi, which is the goddest of agriculture. And I love this. And the god that protects from locust. [Laughter] And God said, "You ain't got enough to stop it." [Applause] Amen. That's that's good. when he attacks in the the plague of darkness, he attacks the main god of Egypt, which is the son god, the Egyptian deities. And when he strikes the death of the firstborn, he is striking Pharaoh himself that is considered a divine son of the god of darkness or the god of the sun. And Moses stood there in all of this and Pharaoh threatened him and Pharaoh threw down sticks just like he threw down a stick. But every single time Moses came out prevailing because there was an authority. There was nothing phony about it. There was nothing phony about Moses. He didn't go by his confirmation down at some 10- cent store. But he met a God like William Brham met a God like David met a God like Isaac met a God like I met a God. And he had the authority to stand up there said you ain't got no right. Let him go. Let him go. Turn him loose. Let him go. I want to say this that the longer we stay here the less Satan has a hold of you. He doesn't have a The only thing he's got left on this bride is gravity. But one of these mornings, gravity is going to lose its hold. Let him go. It's time for a rapture. It's time for a body change. Hallelujah. Let him go. Let him go. Let the musicians come. Hallelujah. Brother Brown said, "Come, lady. You believe with all your heart as you're coming. Would you like to eat again? Have a good full dinner like you used to. You believe me to be going to prophet?" Then I rebuke that stomach trouble in the name of Jesus Christ and it leaves you. Satan can't hold where God's standing. Go eat your supper and do whatever you want to. God makes you well. Satan lost his hold. All right. Come, sir. Do you now believe every believer? Everybody believe. Do you love him with all your heart? Do you believe me to be God's prophet? I'm just a man. But he's just using this we I see something sitting in a bottle. It's blood. There's 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 bottles of blood. You've had 17 blood transfusion. I'd say that this was more than a man. What was it? It was a sign of this generation. You can't hold them. You can't hold them there. This ain't This is There's never been a There's never been a re representation. There's never been anybody outside of our Lord Jesus Christ that can operate this way. You can study it all out. Nobody ever said they met an angel like William Brandon met an angel and then they had the authority to come out there and tell them exactly where they lived at. You live in apartment 946 a half and a B. And I see the apartment has this kind of door. You got these shades on there. You just met with a doctor that's got dark rimmed glasses on. What was this? It was Melzdc. And Melzdc showed up to Abraham's tent, said, "You can't hold his body no longer. It's time to produce Isaac." I say that Melzdc has showed up by this message. And it's saying to you, you can't hold them no longer. Satan, let them go. They know who they are. They know in whom they hath believed. They've got rights to enforce it. [Applause] A believer has a right. If you take his authority, if you take his properties, he's got the right to enforce it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I don't know what key we singing in. That song keeps bubbling in my heart. Everybody will be happy over there. Hallelujah. How could you not be happy? I'm I'll be honest with you. Serving Jesus is the best thing I ever did. It's the best thing. Anybody else got anything better than serving Jesus? All hands went down real quick, didn't they? How many loves serving Jesus? If you don't get your hand up, we coming by. Tell Satan, "Let my people go. Let's sing it. I give me give me some words cuz I don't even know it. I know it, but I don't have it in my mind at the moment. Well, there's a happy land, a promise over in the great beyond where the saved of earth shall soon glory share. Where the souls of men shall enter and live on forever more. Everybody will be happy over there. Everything will be happy. Oh, we'll be happy. Oh, we will shout at the overlay. Oh, everybody will be happy, will be happy over there. We will shout and sing God's praise. Everybody will be happy over there. Well, I said everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. We will shout and sing God's praise today. Everybody will be happy over there where glory glory. Hallelujah. Since I lay my burdens down, well, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Since I laid my burdens down, well, I'm on my Well, I'm on my way to heaven since I laid my bird. Who's going with me? Well, I'm on my way to heaven since I laid my burden down. Glory. Hallelujah. Since I laid my burden down with glory, glory. Hallelujah. Since I laid my burdens down and some glad morning when this life is over my way, I cover my way. Oh, my way. Oh, glory of my way. [Music] Just a few more days. Just a few more weary days. in there. Oh, how many's ready? Hey, make my way to a land where choice never end. Sing it now. Oh, my way. Your glory. I'll fly away. I can die in a rapture by and by [Music] my way. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. How many's ready to go? Amen. Let's worship him right before we leave. Let's say, I love you, Lord. I love and I lift my voice. Let's sing in moments like these. Kiss, sister. I believe I could be wrong. It might sing in moments like these. Let's just take a moment. Say, "Thank you, Lord. Thank you for letting me hear. There isn't anything that can hold me. Thank you, Lord, for sending this message. Lord, let me hear it loud and clear every day. Lord, every day. Don't let me forget, Lord. Don't let me forget, Lord Jesus. Don't let me get weary. Don't let me start murmuring and complaining. Hallelujah. Sing it now. In moment [Music] I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to my Jesus. In moment like this, I lift up my hands. I lift up with all your hearts. Now tell him you love him. [Music] singing high [Music] singing I [Music] love you Lord [Applause] singing I you my Lord. [Music] Amen. You're dismissed. We sing it again. In moments like this. [Music] always like I [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Christ. [Music]
