################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-17 - Communing With The Master - Bro. Matt Spencer on May 17th, 2025 - Matt Spencer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-17
Title:    "Communing With The Master" - Bro. Matt Spencer on May 17th, 2025
Speaker:  Matt Spencer
Church:   Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 9m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCYG-YBdAtA
========================================

Description:
If these messages have blessed you, please consider supporting our ministry.
We are very thankful for the help God sends us through praying saints.
Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle is a Non-Profit Christian Ministry and is wholly funded by the tax-deductible donations of our supporters. Please visit our website if you like to support Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. https://www.fullgospellighthousetabernacle.com/live-stream/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Every praise, every praise to our God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our [Music] God. God my [Music] savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God, my savior. God my heer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship is one accord. Every praise. Every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior. God my heer. God my deliverer. Yes he is. Yes he is. [Music] Every word of worship, one of every praise, every praise is to our God. Amen. Have you come to worship the Lord this evening? Yes, Lord. I say we let the glory of the Lord rise. That's right. Let the glory of the Lord rise among us. Let the glory of the Lord rise among us. Let the praises of our king rise among us. Let it rise. Let it rise. Let the song of the Lord rise among us. Let the songs of our Lord rise among us. Let the joy of the king rise upon us. Let it rise. Let it rise. Oh, we're going to let it rise. Oh, let it rise. Let the glory of the Lord rise among us. Let the glory of our Lord rise among us. Let the praises of our King rise among us. Let it rise. We're going to let it rise. Let the song of our Lord rise among us. Let the songs of our Lord rise upon us. Let the joy of our king rise among us. Let it rise. Going to let it rise. Oh, we're going to let it ride. Going to let it ride. Oh, going to let it ride. Going to let it ride. Let the shout of the Lord rise among us. Let the shout of our Lord rise among us. Let the shout of the King rise among us. Let it rise. Going to let it rise. [Music] Oh, we're going to let it rise. Let it [Music] ride. [Music] Amen. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every [Music] Those who love me are rad. They never be ashamed. They never be ashamed. [Music] is your cry and the Lord me and save me from my head. [Music] The son of God surrounds his name. He [Music] live. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. [Music] Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name forever. ever. Oh, taste and see. Amen. That the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he. [Music] Fear you say he gave you everything. He gave you [Music] everything. Oh magnify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name together glorify the Lord with me. [Music] Exalt his name [Music] forever. Let us bless the Lord. Every day, never ending praise. We are in Christ. Let us bless the Lord every day now. Ever grab [Music] [Applause] will magnify the [Music] Lord. Oh come exalt his name [Music] together glorify the Lord. [Music] Oh come exalt his name forever. Oh magnify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name together. Oh glorify the Lord with me. [Music] Exalt his name [Music] forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is [Music] he who hides in me. Oh, fear. Oh, all you say he give you everything. He give you everything. Amen. You believe that this evening? Amen. My trbled soul, why so weigh down? You were not made to bear this heavy load. Cast all your burdens upon the Lord. Cuz Jesus cares. He cares for you. Jesus [Applause] cares. He cares. cares for you and all your worry won't help you make it through. cast on our road and trust in him in the promise of his love. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. Praise the Lord, the lifter of my hands. And I will praise the rock of my salvation all my days are in his faithful name. Myious heart. My son trials come out so easily for him. Cast all your words upon the Lord. [Applause] Jesus cares. He cares for [Music] you. Jesus cares. He cares for you. And all your worries, he won't help you make it through. Cast on your Lord. Trust me in the promise of his love. And I will praise the mighty name of Jesus. We praise the Lord. I will praise the rock of my sales. [Music] Amen. No better hands can we be resting in than the Lord. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Has he been good to you this week? I hear you. I believe he watered our tomatoes. Amen. This song's been on my heart for a little bit. I've been singing it. It's the first time I'm going to sing it, but it's an old song, but y'all uh jump in and help me here. It just spoke to my heart. Your cries have awoken the master. Crossing the calm sea with Jesus, the disciples were getting concerned. Oh, the wind started violently blowing, but he was asleep at the stern. Oh, does he not care that we helpless and we're so afraid? Jesus went and he said to them, "Where is your faith? Because you prayed all night and you held all with all your heart. Shout your crying master. Oh, he knows your lift your hands. It's time to rejoice. Shout your power. Have a look. [Music] Last hit you without any warning. The storm of your life had begun. Oh, see no hope in the distance. You're frightened and nowhere to run. And by now your vessels, you're thinking that you'll surely. Oh, you cried out for help from and you know that you can't give up now because you pray all night and you held on with all your [Music] [Applause] Sh your voice. Lift your hands now and [Music] rejo. You're up there worrying, but he's fast asleep. And the winds are so deadly, the waters so deep. Just try to be patient, cuz soon he'll bring peace. Just one word from his voice and it all must cease because you've prayed all night. And you held on with all your might shout your last. Oh, he knows her voice. Right. Lift your hands. It's [Music] time. Your cry have awoken the [Music] master. Yes. You've prayed all night and you held on with all your might. The child of your cry have awoken the master. Amen. That's the kind of God we serve. Though his children may be many, you know, we can fall on our knees and call on him and still he hears us. He's a personal God, he knows our every need. There's not one need that he doesn't know of. He says before we call on him, he already knows it. And before we can ask, he'll answer it. That's the kind of God we serve. Brother Steve, he's a good God. Hallelujah. Can you say amen tonight to knowing he's a good God? Let's give him another hand clap of praise. Just because we love him, say amen. Let us go to these prayers here. Dear church family, please pray for these people with cancer. My cousin Scotty Arnold and my friend Alina Kesler. Please pray for me Monday where I have a medical procedure. Thank you, Sister Deborah Watson. I want to be remembering Brother Bill and Sister Teresa Delaney. Brother Bill has a procedure on the heart for the AIB on May 20th and Sister Teresa has a surgery June the 9th at UVA. I want to be writing that down and remembering our brother and sister. Sister Donna Ber want to be remembering her fighting that cancer. Want to be remembering our pastor, brother Ron, lifting him up that God would just touch and continue to strengthen Brother Ron in this battle that he fights. Want to be remembering our brother Andrew Spencer there speaking at brother Tom Berser's this weekend that the Lord do many good things there for those people. And may he use brother Andrew in a special way. Maybe you have a special need here tonight on your heart. You'd like to lift your hand up to the Lord. Maybe brother Chris would maybe come this way and take these prayers to the Lord for us this [Music] evening. Amen. Let's all just pray and believe together. our gracious father as we just come to you Lord. And Father, the cry of a righteous man avaleth much. And Father, I I just believe there's so many righteous men in here and women, Father, that stands, Lord, on your word and believes your word. And father, as a request was made known, Lord, of cancers, of sicknesses in the body, our pastor, Father, we just pray you can just come and just visit him tonight, Lord. And Father, you're a mighty God. We don't put you in a box, but Father, you're the world can see by the shape it's in, things can't last much longer. And father, we as the bride believe that your healing power, your grace is still with us. But Father, one day, Father, one day we just pray that Lord, as the sicknesses are come, sicknesses will go. And father, if one's in here that lord don't have the Holy Ghost or or maybe there's a doubt in their heart that they have it, Father, may they settle the question. And Lord, if there's sickness in their life, whatever it is, Father, we just pray you just come tonight. Lord, tomorrow might be too late. Come tonight, Father. We need you. Be with our pastor. touch him tonight, Lord. The cancers, touch them tonight, Lord. Tomorrow, we don't we ain't got a promise of tomorrow. So, Father, we commit the service in your hands. Bless the spirit, we pray, and we love you and appreciate you. Thank you for your grace and mercy in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. As we prepare to take up this evening's offerings, I believe the Martin family has a special force. They would like to come. And after the Martin family, Sister Sarah Robinson and Sister Tracy, after you've given, you may be seated. [Music] He became sin who knew no sin. He humbled that we might become his rightous. He humbled himself and carried the cross. Oh, so amazing. Love so amazing. Jesus Messiah. [Music] name above all names. Blessed redeemer, the rescue for sinners. The ransom from heaven. Jesus Messiah, Lord of all. His body the bread, his blood the wine broken and poured out. Oh for love, the whole earth have trebled and the veil was torn. Love so [Music] amazing. Love so amazing. Jesus Messiah. [Music] Blessed redeemer [Music] manual. The rescue for sinners. The ransom from heaven. Jesus Messiah, Lord of all. All our hope is in you. All our hope All is in you. All the glory to you, God. Light of the world. Our hope is in you. All our hope is in you. All the glory is in you, God. Fight of the Lord. Jesus, Messiah, name above [Music] all, blessed redeemer. Amen. Manuel, the rescue for sins, ransom from [Music] heaven, Jesus, [Music] Messiah, Lord Ever Jesus Messiah, Lord of all. [Music] [Applause] Even though my spirit is low and it seems hard, but still I see victory. Many times I'm walking by faith and I can't see what lies before me, but still I see victory. And I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his [Music] blood. You may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Because remember, you can't cross the blood [Music] line. Sometimes our battles get hot and it seems we're fighting a lot. Oh, but I remember I'm standing on the rock. Oh, Satan, if I were you, will I turn around and give up to cause I do believe you are bound to lose. And I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline. because I'm covered by his blood. You may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Cuz remember, you can't cross the blood line. [Music] Sometimes our battles get hot and it seems that we're fighting a lot. Oh, but I remember I'm standing on the rock. No Satan, if I were you, I'd turn around and give up to Cuz I do believe you are bound to [Music] lose. And I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline. because I'm covered by his blood. You may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Cause [Music] remember, you can't cross the bloodline. Oh, and I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. And you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Because remember, you can't cross the [Music] bloodline. Oh, you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Cuz remember, you can't cross the bloodline. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I'm kind of homeick or country to which I've never been before. No s Goodbye. Will every day be spoken? And time won't matter anymore. You land longing for you. And someday on thee I'll [Music] stand there. My hope shall be eternal. Buler land, sweet land. [Music] I'm looking now across the river right where my face. We all live inside. is just [Music] you [Music] labor. Then I will take my heavenly flight. rule the [Music] land. I'm longing for you. And someday only I'll stand there. My hope shall be eternal. No land, sweet [Music] land. Sweet mand. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Let us stand here tonight together as we prepare to invite brother Matt. Are you ready for the word this evening? Amen. I am too. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right [Music] now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. Right now. We lift our hands, bow our knees, and worship at your throne. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right [Music] now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We lift our hands and bow our knees and worship at your throne. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. Oh, we need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right [Music] now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. Right now. We lift our hands, bow our knees, and worship at your throne. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. And Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all. The Kingoms of my heart. [Music] Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all. Jesus be the Lord of all the king of my heart. And Jesus I surrender all. Jesus I surrender all. Jesus I surrender all the kingoms of my heart. And Jesus I surrender all. Jesus I surrender all. Jesus, I surrender all the kingoms of my heart. And Jesus draw me close. Closer Lord to thee. [Music] Let the world around me, let it fade [Music] away. And Jesus, draw me [Music] close, closer, Lord, to thee. For I desire to worship and obey again as we bring brother Matthew and Jesus draw me close closer to thee. Let the world around me, let it fade away. When Jesus [Music] draw Lord to thee for I desire to worship and obey. Sing out one more time. Jesus draw me close. Oh, when Jesus draw me [Music] close to thee. Oh, let the world around me. Let it fade away. And Jesus draws me glory. Close the Lord to thee. I desire to worship. Amen. Do you desire to worship him this evening? Let's sing us all. How great our God. How great is our God. The splendor of the King clothed in mesty. All the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He rises in love. Darkness tries to hide and trembles at his word. Trembles at his word. How great is our God. Oh, sing to me. How great is our God and going to see how great how great is our [Music] God is beginning and the end. getting at the end. Oh [Music] God, by the spirit son, lion, lion and the lamb. How great is our God. Oh, sly. How great is our God. And oh see how great how great is our God. Oh he's a name above name and he is worthy of all praise. My heart will see how great. Oh, let's sing it again. For he's the name of the holy name. And he is worthy of our praise in my heart to sing. How great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Well, sing with me. How great is our God and all see how great is our God. Amen. We serve a great God, don't we? Amen. So good to be in the house of the Lord this evening, isn't it? Amen. Amen. My what I tell you what a wonderful time of the Lord we had last weekend with brother Timothy and uh he he just ministered straight to our hearts. Amen. And I was so thankful for that him being here with us and but it's good to be in the house of the Lord this evening again. Amen. Amen. Being with home folk and and uh as brother Timothy said this Timothy Batton said this week we got home cooking this weekend. So you got me. I don't know if that's what you was expecting home cooking. Maybe I'll be little chicken noodle soup or something like that. It's good for the soul every now and then. Amen. So, thank you musicians. I appreciate it. So, but yes, it's so good to be in the house of the Lord this evening and continue to pray for brother Andrew as they're speaking there. Brother Tom Ballers this weekend and him, brother Timothy there and then the Mclards are with them as well joining in in fellowship there. So I want to pray for them. Also want to be just remembering dad this evening. Uh brother Ron there is he's not been feeling well the past two days and so uh he's planning on being here with us in the morning and bring the word of life to us but we just pray that God will heal him this evening as he's there. So he is streaming in by the way of internet. So we say God bless you brother Ron. Appreciate you this evening. Amen. If you would turn with me in your Bibles this evening to Revelations 3 and 20. Revelations 3 and 20. While you're turning there in your scriptures this evening, I'd like to uh speak to you on a thought of communing with the master. Amen. Communing with the master this evening. I had uh intended to go a different route, but the Lord uh seen better. And so, uh, just pray for me that this comes as it came to me. And so, we just, uh, we pray that God will just allow that for us this evening. Revelations 3 and 20 and said, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock. And if any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will suck with him and he with me." Then I'd like to turn over to Dut Deuteronomy 4 and verse 29. But if from thence thou shalt seek the Lord thy God, thou shalt find him. If thou seek him with all thy heart and with all thy soul. Amen. Let's just pray over these words this evening. Maybe you have a need upon your heart you'd like to say just Lord pass by my way. Our dear most heavenly father, Lord, we thank you for being with us here this evening. Lord, for you said where two or three are gathered in my name, there I be also. Oh God, we have many gathered here, many tuning in. And I ask you that you'll just minister to us this evening. Lord, as we speak on this thought, communing with the master, Lord, your Lord, you're the reason why we're here, Lord, to worship you, to just enter in with you in praise and thanksgiving, God. Lord, we love you so much. Now, God, I ask you that you'll just let me step aside. You step in this vessel and you speak what you'd have need. In Jesus name, we pray these things. Amen. Amen. You can have your seats. As I said this evening, I'd like to take the the thought of communing with the master and our main thought uh behind Revelations 3 and 20. Behold, I stand at the door and knock in a spiritual context. And I'd like to lay a foundation here. Uh the difference between communion and communion becomes even more meaningful. communing with God. This refers to a personal ongoing act of fellowship with God. It's often private involving prayer, worship, meditation, or simply being in God's presence. Oftent times we will draw away to ourselves and we will commune with him. communing and an emphasis on experiencing and an intimacy of a relationship. It's a dynamic moment by moment and hearttoheart communion with God or with others. A spiritual communion refers to the state of being united with God with fellow believers. It also refers to the Lord's supper, a sacred ordinance remembering Christ's death and our union with him. Communion is also corporate, shared in community of believers. It reflects a deeper spiritual unity. So, as we think on these two things this evening with a strong commitment to being more intimate with him in our time with him, communing and communion with others. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. He is there. He is wanting to enter in with you. Communion with Jesus Christ is entering into an intimate fellowship with him where my heart speaks to his and his heart whispers truth, love, peace into my soul. Brother Brandon would say it like this in a hidden life. See the sinner comes in faith cometh by hearing and hearing of the word. He comes and eats the word. Then he's baptized into faith and accepts Christ as his personal savior. Brings him into then communion with God. But then he moves on into the bedroom. The still quietness of God where all things of the world is shut out. Amen. And that's where God wants to be with you. Where all things of the world is shut out. and that you can commune with him in a deeper connection in an in an my word in an intimate relationship with him. It's a sacred connection with li with the living Christ beyond mere words and awareness of his presence that brings comfort, conviction, and companionship. It'd be like sitting at a table with him and breaking bread through prayer, scriptures, worship, sharing your deepest burdens, your thoughts, but by his mercy. It's also a transformative relationship. It's an ongoing transformative relationship where his love shapes your desires, his word renews your mind, and his spirit empowers your life. Communing with the master brings intimacy, reverency, and transformative. Brother Brandham would say it like this in thirst. It says, "When I was a little boy, I remember I was raised in a real poor family. And I remember many times I would go out with the fellas and I couldn't dress like to go out to a decent place." I don't know. But there was something about the people that I liked. I like getting with them. But I was more or less what they called the black sheep. But when I got saved and I found something in me, that thirst for a friend, somebody that would be a buddy to me, somebody that I could trust, somebody that you can sit down and talk your troubles over with, I found that real true satisfaction when I found Jesus Christ. That real true satisfier that takes away all and quenches all that thirst that gives you something that just looks like this or that, but it he takes the place of all of that. He's your buddy. He wants to be your buddy. Have you found him as your buddy? As the one that you can go to in a time of trouble? That's right. And he can quench the thirsts of your life, that desire of the world that would be there. He is the real true satisfaction. Amen. Yes, sir. As he stands at the door and knocks, he wants to commune. He wants to come in and enter with you. As brother Brandham would tell this story of the painter that had painted a a picture, the artist is William Hunt and he would paint the picture the light of the world. And as brother Brandham would say that that painting, it had to go through a certain hall of critics. And when it went through the hall of critics, there's the artist and the painting and the critic would come and and he would look at the painting and he would tell the artist, "It's a wonderful picture, wonderful picture of Christ, but you missed something. you forgot to put a handle on the outside of the door where God can enter in with you. And he says, "Oh, but that's the beauty of the painting." That's right. The latch is on the inside and it's your part to open the door to let him in with you. Amen. So, as he's standing there knocking gently, he's not pounding like SWAT coming on your door, but he's knocking gently, wanting to come in and enter with you. That's right. As the painting would represent, there's weeds all around, darkness all around, but there he is holding a lantern. He's the light in darkness. He's the light in your dark time. When your life has been grown up around, that's what the weeds would represent in the painting. All of that that nature and everything that would come in and choke out life, he's wanting to come in with you. He's wanting to bring light into your situation. He's wanting to commune with you. It's a great depiction of it. The door symbolizes the humano human heart often neglected or shut off by divine influence. No handle signifies that Christ will not force entry. That's it. He awaits and your willing acceptance. The lantern represents the light of truth and salvation that Christ brings. The nighttime setting suggests the world or a soul in darkness without Christ. And Jesus's posture in the painting, gentle, patient, suggesting love and longsuffering because that's what he is to you in all of that. He wants to commune with you in all of your life. He wants to be part of you. He wants to fellowship with you. Amen. That's why he came to be with us. I can just imagine it as Adam and God would walk through the garden in the cool of the day talking, communing together. There was no Bible but the stars and there they were the cool of the evening. The where we're heading to. That's right. Where we are going to a true communion with him. Amen. as they would walk through the garden in the cool of the day and Adam would just tell him some of the thoughts of the animals that he was about to name. But there was a longing for something more. Even Adam wanted something more in himself something to love. And he pulled it out of his side. He will pull something out of your side. He will bring a helpmate to you. Someone that you can even commune with. Amen. Amen. You can have that intimate relationship with a time of communing with each other, a time of fellowship with each other. But as God walking with Adam, fellowshipping with Adam, my what a wonderful time that would have been. But see, we're going back to that. That's where I plan on hitting. One of these mornings, you're going to find me over in the valley somewhere, and you're going to be, I wonder where Brother Matthew's at. As brother Brandon would say, you'll hear me whistling, maybe coming up the hill and there I'll be I might be with a whitetail buck as he's walking up the along the way. I'll be like, "No, I hunt it with against you down here on the earth." But here, we're communing. You're beautiful. That that's the type of relationship that we're going to have there. A type of just quietness. You can enter into that communion state with God. Like to take a couple of examples through the Bible that where Jesus would would commune maybe and I don't want to make this a an eating sermon where there's many meals and you get you all hungry and everything, but that's in the Bible. That's where a lot of Jesus's communion was was around the tables. And that's where we all gather a lot too. Amen. Maybe too much. We went through the creek bid this evening. I told the kids, I said, "I might not should have ate the extra piece of cake. I I think I overweighted the Jedha and it sunk a little lower into the creek." But in the Bible, we read in Matthew n 9 and 10, and Jesus would be there walking through the streets and he would call a certain man, Matthew the tax collector. Nobody would have thought that he would call the tax collector. Nobody liked him. Nobody wanted to fellowship with him. But one day as he walked along the way, he said, "Follow me. Follow me. And I could just imagine Matthew's feeling as he's sitting there in his tax booth and and many of you might have watched The Chosen, but you know, it's just that feeling of he's calling you to follow me. Just real simple. Follow me. He wants to commune with you. And as they would walk along the way, Matthew would then maybe suggest, "I have a table that's all set. I've been lonely. I have had no one to eat with, but I have all of this food that's prepared. Maybe you you and your friends will come and and sit at my table this evening. And he would just enter in there. But you see, even the Pharisees would then Oh, look at this man. He dwells with drunkers, harlots, people like this tax collector. But see, he was looking for someone that wanted to commune with him as well. They just wanted a form of religion. But Matthew was seeking something more on the inside than just a form of religion. He was seeking a communion with him. He was seeking a drawing, a closer as Jesus would then say, "The sick don't need a doctor, but this is who I've come to. these right here is who I've come to. As he would just sit there at those tables and and he would break bread with each and every one of them teaching them along the way. Don't you just want to follow him? Amen. Amen. In first John 1 and 7 and it says, "But if you walk in the light as he is the light, that's it. We have fellowship one with another. And the blood of Jesus Christ, his son, cleanses us from all sins. And I'd like to place an emphasis on fellowship, one with the other. The word fellowship and commune in the Bible is in a Greek word is cornonia which meaning fellowship, sharing, participation, communion and close relationship. It's used to describe the intimate spiritual connection both between believers and between believers God and Christ. In Philippians 3:10 it says that I may know him and in the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his sufferings being made conformable unto his death. So we talk so when we're talking about communion with the master we're really talking about enter into cornonia a deep shared participation in his life his love and his presence that's where we can find fellowship is through him brother Brandon would preach a sermon called fellowship and I I believe it was 1962 and I adore you to go listen to that that's where I draw a lot of this from this evening is fellowship under the blood of Jesus Christ. But that's where us as believers can draw fellowship. There's no other way as believers that we can go but by the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. And he and brother Brandon would go down through Numbers 19 and he would show how that that red heer that they would bring that red on red in scientifically matters. It would say red on red. You'd look through it and it would be white. Representing that blood of Jesus Christ washes away all your sins and they would go and they would take and take that blood of that heer and they would sprinkle it there and then the waters of separation and they would take you in. But that's where we are is then we take that waters of washing of the word by the washing of the word that's where we can find the blood of Jesus Christ upon our life. Amen. And we can fellowship with him as as the story tells of the king that would throw a banquet and the bridegroom there for the banquet there would be given garments to each and everyone that would enter in. And no one could enter in except through him. But then there come a man that was maybe a beggar that was maybe fellowshipping around the banquet and table, but he didn't have the garment from the bridegroom. That's right. He came in another way. But see, there's only one way that you can come into fellowship with Jesus, and that's through the blood of Jesus Christ. There's no other way. That's right. None. know the way that you can enter in and then you're fit for garments of praise. Amen. And he'd say it in an Old Testament and I'm sorry to be so ready this evening and uh forgive me. In the Old Testament when a believer came to up to worship and he had done something wrong, he could not unless he came by the blood. What did he do? He brought his lamb, walked it up to the priest. The priest examined the lamb to see if it was a good lamb, perfect. Then he'd lay his hands upon the lamb and confess his sins. And then his sins would transfer from him to the lamb. The lamb must die because he's not a sinner anymore. But the lamb, they cut his throat, the blood ran out, the sprinkling thereon, and burned it on the fire. All right. Notice now that would be good enough. But why why didn't that work? It was showing that there was coming something greater because the blood of the goat and the sheep could not atone for sin. It could only cover it, but it couldn't divorce it. Why? The spirit, that's the life, that's the blood cell in that chemistry. The blood of that life, the blood cell was in that sheep's life and the sheep that died. And that sheep's life could not come back upon the worshipper. Therefore, it could not work. But when we come by the way of Calvary by the faith, by faith lay your hands upon the lamb of God, and his blood cell was broke, which was not neither Jew nor Gentile. He was God. And we on the unadulterated blood, not by sex, but by a creative act of Jehovah himself, who created the blood cell in the womb of the virgin and brought forth the son of God. He was not he was not no son of Mary. No, you Catholics call her the mother of God. He didn't even call her mother one time. He called her woman. And that's what she was. She was the incubator of God that God used just like that that he could use any other person. She was no mother of God. God has no mother. He was God alone. In him dwelt fullness of godhead bodily. And I want you to catch this part right here real good. Here it says when we lay our hands upon there and confess that we that he is our savior, our god and when we lay our hands upon him by faith and the blood that was shed there on Calvary, we are brought into a fellowship. There you go. And the Holy Spirit that was the blood cell returns back to the believer. That's why it had to be Calvary. making him a son or a daughter of God, then we have fellowship. And if the Holy Ghost wrote the Bible, how can the Holy Ghost under the blood that you've accepted ever come back and deny the word? So when you've accepted that blood on your situation, it cannot come back on you. It can't deny the word. And there's the fellowship under the blood. Give the Lord praise because that's where you can find fellowship under that blood of Jesus Christ. You can go around the world and find believers around the world that's following the same message and they're shed and they're underneath the shed blood of Jesus Christ. I've I've had the opportunity to go to many churches, many message churches around the world here. And every single time you go in and you fellowship with them, it's like you've known them forever. Thank you, Lord. And maybe I don't even know their names. Maybe I don't even know their faces, but when you get to talking to them, when you get to fellowshipping with them, you find there is a re a representation there. It's that shed blood and you have something in common. Amen. So that's where believers can fellowship is underneath that shed blood and it's by revelation. Revelation is what draws us here. Revelation is what brings us here to this point. By revelation, not by education. It's by revelation. Abel saw that it wasn't bananas, apples that Eve ate. He offered the blood. God accepted it, revealed that to him. See, there's that revelation that Abel was able to find. And he was slain by his brother Cain. And Jesus would ask the disciples said, "Who do you say I am?" Some say Moses, some say Elijah, and so forth. The supernatural stirs such things. But Peter said, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." And he said, "Blessed art thou, Simon, thy son of Jonas. Flesh and blood did not reveal this to you. Neither learned in a se seminary. It wasn't just a word altogether, but the father which was in heaven revealed that to you." Amen. See, it's by revelation of the word, the washing of the word, and communion with him. Yes, sir. Amen. Forgive me. In another instance, we see Jesus longing fellowship with another man by the name of Zakius. And Zakius was desiring something as well. and he heard all the stir in the city, everything that would go around. So maybe help me dramatize this a little bit this evening as as Zakius would maybe hear him coming down the street little in stature and he wanted to see him but nobody wanted to have nothing to do with Zakius as well because he was a tax collector as well. must have been something about accountant. And Zakius wanted to see Jesus along the way. He had heard the stories. Maybe he had seen some of the miracles, but he said, "I want to get closer." And he would climb up a tree and get up in there and brother Brandon would say maybe he fell down the trash can. Trash got all over him. Got all nasty looking. But he's there in the tree and here comes Jesus walking by and he looks up. Now what are you doing up there? Zakius, you come down from there today. I'm going to your house. Amen. And I can just picture Zakius in his heart thinking me? Why? Why me? Nobody wants to have nothing to do with me. But see, he wanted fellowship with him. Amen. And a lot of us along our way, we had a lot of garbage on us. We had a lot of things, a lot of baggage in our life that we thought there's no way that we could ever come in underneath that fellowship with like believers. Amen. And Zakius would hurry down, scuffle down, and and he would run with Jesus. maybe not run, but the now with the crowd and all of them pressing towards Zakius's house and he opens the door and says, "Rebecca, guess who I have now?" She was a believer and she was praying for Zakius. And she said, "I know who it is. Oh, it's Jesus." And as they begin to eat, he didn't preach a sermon to him. Right. And as he was there, his presence changed him. Not a word. And he said, "All that I have, I'll give to the poor. If I've done anyone wrong, I'm going to I'll I'll take it back. I want to do all of this for you. For you." And that's why Jesus come to his house. That's why Jesus come to dwell with him. Even his presence alone will change your life. Amen. That's why when we go into power of prayer, when we seek after him, when you're just wanting a more of a relationship with Jesus Christ, he's drawing on you. And it's just that presence that can change your life. Amen. Brother Brandon would tell a story of an older gentleman and a preacher that would go hunting and his name was Gabriel and they would call him Gabe for short. And they would go hunting out together and he was not a believer. But as they would go out hunting this day, they they killed a lot of game, a lot of rabbits, a lot of squirrels, and they're packing it back. And and as they're packing it back, there's there's Gabe and and he just kind of stops and he's looking and and and the minister stops and turns and and Gabe turns and says, "Pastor, I'm not going to miss another Sunday service." Amen. Well, well, why, Gabe? Why? Why would you say this? What changed your heart, Gabe? For years, I've been trying to get you to come to church. For years, your wife has been trying to get you to come to church. He said, "Well, pastor, you see all this game?" Said, "I'm a terrible shot, and you see the sun setting over there, and I got to thinking, the sun is setting in my life." Oh, yeah. And God's been real good to me. He's been a lot better to me than I've been to him. And you see, he gave me all this gain because I'm a horrible shot. No way could I have ever have done this. And I got to thinking what all God did for me. Tears rolling down his face. And the pastor said, "Well, well, maybe was it one of my sermons that I preached that maybe somebody told you about? Or was it something that the choir sang that was so beautiful?" We said, "No, no, it was his presence that came and entered in my life." Amen. Amen. I just, you know, I I find it amazing so many times that in a lot of people's life, the presence of God comes when you don't even expect it. Many of us sitting here tonight, we didn't we didn't come to the Lord maybe to an altar, maybe in a church service. Amen. But it's that time when God speaks to you and you catch it. Amen. And the light comes on and his presence fills you so much. Thank you, Lord. Until everything that's laying there on the inside of you is gone. Amen. You don't have a desire for it no more. Thank you, Lord. And God just in a moment, hallelujah, thirsts for things of the world, gone. That's why when you find the Holy Ghost, that's what we're praying for our youth is that when you find that Holy Ghost, I don't care where you're at. That's right. You just be ready and willing for when he comes, you accept it. And say that's his presence. That's what they've been talking about. So maybe you can go to a a post and say right here, this is where it happened. This is how it happened. Same way with Zakius. He didn't think it would ever happen to him. But his life changed completely because of fellowship that Jesus was communing with him that day. Amen. In that time, sir. And we go on to another little lady in the in the scriptures. And this evening, I'd like to take this lady that went to Simon the Pharisees house, and I'd like to name her. She's not named in the Bible, but I would like to name her maybe Leah this evening, but she's tendered. And I'd like you to bear with me here because the religious leaders of that day did not want to have nothing to do with her. So, as Leah would hear Jesus going to Simon's house and she would just take her bottle alabaster of special ointment and she wanted something from Jesus. She desired something more than anyone could ever have given her. Although her life was all tattered, all torn, she could hear the whispers, she could see the eyes, but she pressed through Simon's gate and she found Jesus. When Simon wouldn't greet him, wouldn't wash his feet. That's right. Wouldn't give him a garment, wouldn't give him a kiss and welcome him, here she come. pressed through it all. And Simon thought, if he only knew who she was, who she really was, he wouldn't let this lady be here. And I can see her as she begins to have fellowship with him. Tears are flowing so abundantly out of her, she can't stop washing the dung and the dust the mar off of his feet. And she does one of the most unthinkable things and undoes her hair. And as she's crying, wipes his feet. She's worshiping, fellowshipping with him. Amen. wiping his feet as her hair just brushed across his feet. She then takes out the alabaster box, costly perfume that had cost so much, but yet this was nothing compared to what was about to happen in her life. And she would pour out all of her perfume on his feet. And there they sit, sneering, snarling, thinking, "Leah, nobody wants you. Nobody desires you." But she didn't care. She knew she had a purpose. That's some of us. Some of us, the religious world did not want any of us. They don't want any of us. But he does. And he chose to come by your way, come by your house to draw you to him to fellowship. Thank you, Lord. And Simon would sit there and he'd say, "Simon, if there was two people, one had great debt and the other had little and both were forgiven, who do you think would love him more?" And he said, "Probably the one that was forgiven great." And he'd said, "Rightfully so." And see now, little Leah, one that nobody wanted, but I'm going to draw through you a lineage. I'm going to take from you somebody that's going to worship me, a bride through you, that'll give him praise, that'll worship him, that'll wash his feet. Amen. By the watering water of the word, that'll wash Yes, sir. Wash and cleanse yourself within. Your sins, your sins are forgiven. Can you imagine? I'm sure you can. All of us have sins in our lives. But as she's sitting there, she might take that little bottle now empty, now feeling a little lighter, happier, not a care in the world, who even seen her, what she looks like, how she came, just crying. And I can see her maybe go back to her house and set that little owl baster box there on the shelf. Maybe as a little trophy she can look to every now and then she's setting Eden dinner or something and she'll look at it and she that's when my first time I had fellowship with him. There it is that time and she remembers every little detail of her fellowship. the first time she ever fellowshipped with him. All of us can say, "I remember that first time I fellowship with him." One of my greatest times that I ever remember was at brother Tim Puit's youth services and receiving the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Now I can take that just as she took and set that there and I can look back to that moment that time when I have a down time when I have something on the inside and it's like you just really don't but I can take it back to that time that's right say Satan you gone I found fellowship with him amen Yeah. Don't you just love him? Amen. As she's sitting there washing his feet, sins being forgiven, all gone. Go in peace. I can just just imagine her there. Another little lady in the scriptures that desired fellowship. Little lady called Mary. Little Mary. Mary and Martha there. Jesus would enter into the house and and Martha busy all busy about trying to do everything, make everything just perfect for Jesus, getting everything ready. And there he was opening scriptures and telling stories. Amen. talking about maybe some of his past travels and Mary sitting attentive at the feet of Jesus listening and Martha busy about the house doing things going to and from in the house and then she'd come and she would want to bring something to Jesus and and Jesus please tell my sister Mary tell her to get up and help me tell her I I need some help. She's just wanting to listen to your stories. That's just the way she is. Lord, a lot of us in our life. We can identify with Martha. Amen. We're busy and we're going now. Jesus, why don't come why don't you just come over here? Tell tell them to help me. But he say amen. Mary is doing the greater part. Martha Mary is sitting listening and soaking in what I have for her. See, I'm not always going to be here like this. So, she's going to have to draw this. She's going to have to go back and fellowship. See, Mary was soaking it all in. Many times that's the way we do. We come to church and and we'll soak it in. Some people soak it in with their eyes closed. Some people don't need to worship and and fellowship like some of the others. They they they have a a spongelike scrub daddy effect. They can take it all in peacefully. many different t types of fellowship. So don't look down on other people's fellowship. Amen. While they're fellowship, but I pray that you stay awake while we fellowship. Not soak it all in. Amen. But Jesus is knocking at your door. He's wanting to enter into your heart in your situation in every moment of your life. He's not just calling preachers, prophets, evangelists, teachers, but he's calling all of us. Each and every one of us. He's calling for a more of commitment of fellowship in your life. Amen. He's inviting you to his table. I came here the other the other morning. I had dropped Titus off and I had to do some things and and I just stood here behind the pull pit and I just thought one of these days I'm going to look around and I'm going to see each and every one of you sitting across from me at a table. Amen. And let me just say I entered into fellowship in that moment there. There was a presence that came. It's almost as if I could see us all sitting there, sitting at that table of fellowship. And I would sit there and I know that that's my place. And that nobody's going to come and take that place from me. You know, it's kind of like when you go into a room of important people and you go to sit down and then they come to you and they tell you, "Hey, now that's not your seat there. You need to come over here." But see, that's not going to happen for you or for me when we get there because he's seen you was going to be there and he's preparing his table for you. We want to be with him. But he wants to be more with us. He wants to be more with you than even you want to be with him. That's why he's knocking on your doors today. That's why he wants you to open up. Let him come in. Let him come into your whole heart. He don't just want just the living room. He wants the whole heart. Amen. He don't just want to be closed off to certain little things, certain little details in your life. He wants you to open up completely in your heart to him. Amen. So that when he walks through, he's given all permission, to clean house, so to say, of everything that's in your closets, everything that's in your past. Amen. See, that shed blood is not just just a little sprinkling of it to get rid of partial sin. It's to get rid of all your sin. And that's where you want to let him in. In John 15:4, it says, "Abide in me and I in you." In Psalms 27 and4 it says, "One thing have I desired of the Lord that I will seek after that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life to behold the beauty of the Lord and to inquire in his temple. For in the time of trouble he shall hide me in his pavilion. In the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me. He shall set me upon the rock." in Acts 4 and13 and it's talking about Peter and John and behold they saw the boldness of Peter and John and perceived that there were unlearned and ignorant men and they marveled and took knowledge of them that they had been with Jesus. That's right. Thank you. Amen. See, even the Pharisees knew the ignorant and unlearned, two disciples sitting here teaching and telling things now had been with Jesus. There's no way that they could have done it any other way. Amen. Your life is the same way. People see you and then they say they've been with Jesus because there's something on the inside that's different. There's something that's changed. Yes, sir. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. I like this story here and I and I'm bringing her down, but I want you to bear with me here on on finding him and the presence of him. Brother Brandham would tell this story. He says, "When I was a boy, I tried to do everything. I'd done everything I was big enough to do and lots of thing that I wasn't big enough to do. I'd love to hunt and I thought that was it." My daddy was a rider and I thought if I could ever get west and break them horses. Oh, brother. One time way back yonder in the mountains of Arizona bringing down a herd of cattle one night I was sitting there and a boy named Slim had an old comb had a piece of paper over it and he was playing another fellow sitting there from Texas with a guitar strumming and they come onto a hymn. I had my saddle off the horse laying down with my head using as a pillow, my bank blanket over me. And there still my boots on, pair of spurs holding me off the ground. And he began to strum, down at the cross where my savior died, down where for cleansing from sin I cried. There to my heart was the blood applied. Glory to his name. I tried to pull the blanket up and stop my ears. I'd look up and the stars hanging low and them whispering pines in the mountains seeming to cry, "Adam, where art thou?" Oh, the cattle raising was just a secondary thing. I wanted to find God way back out there kicked up their pair on them pair of spurs. I said, "Sir, I don't know who you are, but don't punish me until I can find the real thing." Two days after that, down in the city, sitting there after a few days after that, after the roundup, I was sitting there, old park bench, little Spanish girl come by. And when I was sitting there thinking about God, what it could be, old girl come by and just about 18year-old boy, she dropped her handkerchief and walked by. And I said, "Woman, you dropped your handkerchief." Just the thoughts of God had changed my desires. My poor Irish heart was hungering. I wanted something something that satisfied. God has given me the privilege of hunting all over the world. Africa, India, across the mountains, Canada, on some of the greatest trips and caught world records. That's all all right. But there's nothing that'll take the place of the power of the living God descending into your soul. Amen. And that's where the presence of God can come in. As he's sitting there on the back side of the mountains, not wanting it, and there God searching, knocking at his door, wanting to enter in with him. He's knocking church on your door. He's knocking for you to let him in. Amen. He wants to come in and suck with you. Amen. He wants you to have fellowship. Complete communion with the master. Communing with the master is all I want to do. It's all that I'm built for. There's things in this world that I enjoy doing, but there's only one thing that I was built for. That's what we were built for. Amen. It's communing with him. Let's stand. Musicians come Luke 24. He says in 13, maybe you can put it up there for me. Behold, two of them went that same day in a village called Emmas, which was from Jer Jerusalem three score four longs. Next, please. And they talked together on the things that had happened. See, they was walking along the way talking about what all had happened. And then he met him. Amen. He met them and their hearts started to burn within because he began to talk along the way about opening the scriptures of Moses of the prophets. But they didn't realize it until they asked him to stay a little longer. Yes. And when he started breaking bread, they recognized him and he said that was him. That was him that walked with us along the way. That was him that broke bread the same way that he would break it there at the Passover. Church, maybe your heart has been burning this evening. Maybe there's something in your life that says, "I've communed with him. I want to know him more." Can you say that this evening? Lord, I want to know you more than I ever have before. Let's sing that song. The more I seek you, the more I find you. The more I seek you, the more I find you. And the more I find in [Music] you, the more I love you. Oh s drink from the cup for me you bring feel your heart be this love is so it's more and I can stand. I'm helping your peace. It's overwhelming. [Music] For I seek you, the more I find [Music] you, the more I find you. [Music] The more I love you, I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup before. lay back against you and feel your [Music] heartbeat. This love is so deep. It's more than I can stand. I'm your peace. So overwhelm me over I seek you, the more I find you. [Music] The more I find [Music] you, the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet. Dream from the cupboard. Lay back against [Music] you. Feel your heartbeat. His love is so deep. More than I can say. I'm in your peace. [Music] As they play that softly this evening, let's just bow our heads. Our dear most heavenly father, Lord, Lord, we thank you for coming and just communing with us this evening. Lord, that drawing, that longing in our hearts, Lord, we want to be with you, God. Lord, we love you. We love your presence, Lord. Lord, we ask you, God, that you'll just minister to our hearts this evening. Many needs in the building. Many needs along the the way of the web that's tuned in. God, I ask you that you'll just touch him, Lord. Lord, now our pastor, God. Lord, I ask you that you'll just move upon him in a supernatural way this evening, Lord. Touch him from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet. Lord, we pray that you just take away all these seizures, the sugar, this cancer. Lord, you did it in his kidneys and you can do it in his whole body, God. No, I'm praying over these things this evening, God, as he would take the pull pit in the morning. I ask you that you'll just open the word of the Lord, Lord, that you would speak through him. Lord, let us have ears to hear and hearts to receive what it have for us. Lord, we love you, God. I love you so much. We ask you to be with the people here this evening in the g name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. We sing that song way maker moving in our midst. You are here moving in our midst. We worship you. [Music] I worship you and you are here. Oh, working in this place. Oh, I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You are [Music] here moving in. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. [Music] for working in this place. Oh, I worship [Music] you. Oh, I worship you. Oh, recall him. way maker, miracle worker, promise keep light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, we call him way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, my God. That is you. You are. You are here. You are here. You're touching it. Oh, just worship him. Worship him. Oh, I worship you. Oh, I worship you. You are here and you are here. Oh, healing every heart. [Music] I worship you. I worship you. Oh, we call him. Oh, rain is light in the darkness. My God, that is who you [Music] are. We call you way maker, miracle worker, promise keep, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. [Music] Even when I don't see that you're working. Even when I don't feel that you're working, you never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see that you're working. Even when I don't feel that you're working, you never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see that you're working. Even when I don't feel like you're working, you never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you [Music] are. We call you way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you [Music] are. Draw me close to you. [Music] Never let me [Music] go. I'd lay it all down again to hear you say that I'm [Music] afraid. You are my desire. No one else will do cuz nothing else can take your place to feel the warmth of your embrace. [Music] Help me find the way. Bring me back to you. You're all I want. You're all I ever [Music] needed. You're all I want. Help me know you are near. [Music] Draw me close. Draw me close to [Music] you. Never let me go. I lay it all down. down again to hear you say that I'm [Music] afraid. You are my desire. [Music] No one else will [Music] do. Cuz nothing else can take your place. To feel the warmth of your embrace. [Music] Help me find the way. Bring me back to [Music] you and you're all I want. You're all I am ever needing. You're all I [Music] want. Help me know you are near. You're all I [Music] want. You're all I have ever needed. You're all I want. [Music] Help me know you are near. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the [Music] glory. You're worthy of it all. Lift your hands and praise and sing. You're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] All the saints and angels they bow before your throne. All the elves cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing. You're worthy of it all. [Music] Oh, you're worthy of it [Music] all. For from you are all and you are all. You deserve the gloryy. Amen. He deserves it all. All the praise, all the glory. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise this evening. Give Brother Matt a hand clap for the word that he brought to us this evening. How can I keep singing? As we prepare this evening to dismiss, let's sing few choruses of this. How can I keep from singing? There is an inless song echoes in my soul. [Music] And though the storms may come, I am holy to the rock I cling. Oh, how can I keep from singing your praise? How can I ever sing? How amazing is your love? How can I keep from shouting your name? Oh, I am loved by the king and it makes my heart want to sing. for Christmas. I will lift my eyes in the darkest night for I know my Savior lives and I will walk with you know when you'll see me. Sing the song you give. Oh, how can I keep from singing your praise? How can I ever sing? How amazing is your love? How can I keep from shouting your name? I know I am loved by the King and it makes my heart want to [Music] sing. I can sing in the troubled time. I can see when I win.
