################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-12 - Heaven's Embrace - Bro. Nathan Erickson on July 12th, 2025 - Nathan Erickson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-12
Title:    "Heaven's Embrace" - Bro. Nathan Erickson on July 12th, 2025
Speaker:  Nathan Erickson
Church:   Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 14m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PycypoBlTqE
========================================

Description:
If these messages have blessed you, please consider supporting our ministry.
We are very thankful for the help God sends us through praying saints.
Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle is a Non-Profit Christian Ministry and is wholly funded by the tax-deductible donations of our supporters. Please visit our website if you like to support Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. https://www.fullgospellighthousetabernacle.com/live-stream/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hey. [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] day. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Music] Down. I do. Heat. Heat. [Music] Where are you? [Music] Hey there. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Happy birthday. [Music] Heat. [Music] Hey, Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] It's for [Music] Oh, what a blessed to know how deeply I know. And I'm always reminded he will be all I need, all I need. He will be faithful to the end. He will provide time and time again. He will be faithful. faithful to me [Music] and he will be there with all his faith is the stronger than the pain. He will be faithful. So faithful to me. Amen. We're so glad of that that he's always faithful all the way to the end for every single one of our needs, aren't we? &gt;&gt; Amen. God richly bless you. Good to be in the house of the Lord this evening, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Amen. I want you to just turn and greet your neighbor. Welcome. Here I am to worship. [Music] Light of the world, you stepped out into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. Oh, beauty that made this heart adore you. Oh, life speaks with you. And here I am to worship. Oh, here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're mighty God. Oh, you're all together love me. You're all together. [Music] You're all together one for me. [Music] Oh king of all days. Oh so highly joy glorious in heaven above. Oh humbly he came to the earth to create all for love became poor and here I am to worship. Oh here I am to love. Here I am to say, oh that you're my God. Oh, you're all together love. You're all together. [Music] You're all together. Oh, let's sing it one more time. Here I am to worship. Oh, and here I am to worship. Oh, here I am tonight. Here I am to say. Oh, that you're my God. Oh, you're all together. You're all together. [Music] You're all together. [Music] Amen. He's so wonderful to us, isn't he? Let's sing that song, Good Old Gospel Ship. Won't you plan on taking a trip on that good old gospel ship with me? Oh, well, I'm going to take a trip on that good old gospel ship. Well, I'm going far beyond the sky. Well, I'm going to shout and sing until the heavens ring when I be this world goodbye. Well, I have good news to bring and that is why I sing all my joy with you I'll share. [Music] Well, I'm going to take a tree on that good old gospel machine and go sailing through. Oh, let's sing it to now. Well, I'm going to take a trip on that good old gospel sh. Well, I'm going far beyond the sky. [Music] Well, I'm going to shout and sing until the heavens ring when I be this old world goodbye. Well, I can scarcely wait. Well, I know I won't be wait. I'll be spending all my time in pray. Oh, when my ship comes in, I'm going to leave this whole world to see and go sail me through. Yeah. Well, I'm going to take a trip home on that good old go. Well, I'm going far beyond the sky. Well, I'm going to shout and sing until the heavens ring when I be this old world goodbye. Well, if you're ashamed of me, well, you have no right to be for with I [Music] Well, too much for you to buy. Well, you'll surely be left behind while I'm s I'm going to take a drink on that good tree. Well, I'm going to bring far the sky. Well, I'm going to shout and sing until the heavens re when I be this old. Oh, let's sing it again to him. Well, I'm going to take a trip on that good old gospel sh. Well, I'm going far beyond the sky. Well, I'm going to shout and sing people until the heavens free when I be this world goodbye. [Music] Amen. Goodbye world, goodbye. That's what we're going to be waving, singing. Goodbye world, goodbye. Nothing can hold me here. I'm heading home. Well, some seek for real town here. Some look for faith. Well, I look for Jesus. With him my way. Well, I'm just a pilgrim here. Soon I'll be gone. Oh, nothing can hold me. Well, I'm headed home. I said nothing to hold me here. Well, I'm headed home. Ever the gates are near [Music] till I'm upon streets of gold singing around go nothing can hold me while I'm headed home. Well if I should have died down here before that trumpet sound. Oh, when they lay this body in that cold ground, I don't want nobody crying with old singing, old sad song. Nothing can hold me in. I'm headed home. I said nothing going to hold me in. Well, I'm headed home. Heaven the gates are near and it won't be long till I'm walking. Oh streets are gold singing around the snow. Nothing can hold me here. I'm headed home. I said nothing's going to hold me. Well, I'm headed home. Heaven the gates are near and it won't be long till I'm walking old streets of gold singing around my sto I'm headed home. Amen. Is that your plan? &gt;&gt; Amen. When he reached down his hand for me. Amen. Who wants my soul waters a straight from the head and was rich and th as could be But my s your gave me peace, joy in love. Oh when he reach his hand for me. Oh, when he reach down his face for him. [Music] Oh, when he reached [Music] for me. Oh, I was lost [Music] without God for his son. Oh, he reach down his hand for me. Oh, how my heart doth rejoice. Oh, how my heart and I rejoice [Music] him. Oh, from pro to him now I flee. [Music] Oh, now I leave all his arms. I secure from my heart. Who says he reach down his name? Oh, since the Lord gave me peace. [Music] Oh, since the Lord, he gave me peace. Heavenly joy never cease. Oh Lord, I came all my life unto thee. [Music] Oh god my feet, hold my hand with me that I may sing with [Music] the singing when he reached out. Oh, he brings out his hand. Oh, he reach down for me. [Music] Glory son. [Music] Glor. &gt;&gt; Amen. As we go to the prayer requests this evening, we want to remember each and every one of our elderly. Uh, Sister Evelyn and Sister Joyce Nicholson. Ask us to remember them in our prayers as well as Sister June Shifflet. We want to remember Brother Clarence, Sister Betty Morris, as well as Brother Roger, Sister Anne Sailor. I want to pray for Sister Sarah Gooden and Sister Teresa Gooden, the needs in their bodies there. Want to remember all the ones that are fighting cancer and battling continuously. We want to pray for our pastor, brother Ron Spencer. God will touch him. Sister Terresa Delaney. I want to remember Sister Wanda Hinkle as each one of them are continuing therapy, chemotherapy. I want to pray for brother Jeff Breeden. He had biopsy on his liver this week that came back clear. No cancer on the liver. So we thank the Lord for that. Amen. [Applause] That's a that's a huge victory right there. We also want to continue to remember as he will start chemotherapy this week for the cancer on his pancreas there. Uh want to remember sister Mary Morris uh this evening she was she was in a bike bicycle accident. Uh she's had six staples uh placed in her head for a cut. uh she will be having surgery to remove gravel from her elbow uh tonight and in the morning and they will be doing a scan on her pelvis uh as well. So we'll remember our sister Chris her sister Mary and we want to pray for our brother Chris through all of this that God would just touch him, strengthen him mentally through all of that. There brother Josh Jones has asked us to remember uh Bobby Smith. He has brain tumor and he will be having surgery on Tuesday. So remember that brother there. Amen. How many would have an unspoken request say Lord just pass by my way whenever God can just move on these don't we? Amen. I'm going to ask brother William if he's come just pray over these needs for us. Amen. Let's go to our father in prayer. The gracious heavenly Lord Jesus we come before you in prayer. Lord, we bow our heads and our hearts, oh God, and humility, Lord. And we just humble ourselves before you, Lord, in your presence. And Lord, we just want to give you all the praise, honor, and glory that's due to your name. And we just want to wash your feet and tell you how much we love you, Lord, and how much we appreciate you, Lord, and how much we love your word. Lord, thank you that you've given us a word in this end time, Lord, and this dark and evil day, Lord. You've Lord, you've shined a light on our path that shows us, Lord, how to walk and how to please you, Lord. and you've given us the very mind of Christ. Lord, your prophet would say that she knows what he once done with the word. Lord, what a testimony this bride has that's pure and spotless. Lord, maybe not in our own sight, but Lord, our own sight don't matter. It's how you see us and you see us through the blood of Jesus Christ and how we glorify you for that and how we thank you. Lord, we thank you, Father, for your blessings. Thank you for bringing us through another week. We thank you that for the strength that you give us, Lord. And you are our strength. You are our shelter in a time of storms. And Lord, storms can just come upon life in such a sudden unexpected way that that may catch us off guard. But Lord, it never catches you off guard. And many times when we don't think we can go on, Lord, you're there. You are our strength. We may not see you. We may not even feel you, but Lord, it's your strength that's behind us. It's your strength that's pressing us on. And we just thank you for it. Lord, you heard each and every request that was read. Lord, each one is so important. Lord, we just take them all and lay them at your feet. We thank you for the wonderful report we heard, oh God, for our brother. We just pray that you continue to strengthen him and bless him. Lord, for sister Wanda, Lord, and for brother Ron, Lord, we just for sister Teresa, Lord, all these requests, Lord, we just lift him up to you. For brother Josh Jones's cousin, Lord, we just lift him up to you. Pray that you have mercy. for Sister Mary. Lord, we just Lord, thank you that it wasn't even that it wasn't any worse. We just pray that you just guide the surgeon's hand and take care of this situation and strengthen and settle Brother Chris, Lord, and have your way in each and every one of our lives. Lord, for every hand that was raised in every life here, we just pray you have your way in our lives. We submit to you now in the name of Jesus Christ. We ask, Father, Lord, that may the kingdom of Satan be defeated this evening. Lord, bless Brother Nathan as he preaches the word, Lord, the word that you've inspired to him. May you just quicken it to our hearts, Lord. And may Satan be defeated. May you bind every wicked and evil spirit that would try and hinder the service, that would try and hinder any person from receiving what you have for them. We love you. We commit this service into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. At this time, we're going to receive this evening's offering. you give as God's blessed you. Got uh Sister Rihanna, will you be with us in the morning? You will be. Maybe you can prepare for one for in the morning if you don't mind. That'd be great. Amen. This evening we'll have brother Shannon sing for us if you would. We'll have sister India after them. After you've uh given, you can be seated this evening. God bless you. Amen. Isn't the Lord good? &gt;&gt; Amen. I've been held by the Savior. I felt fire from above. [Music] I've been down to that river. I ain't the same prodal return. And all my hope is in Jesus. Thank God my yesterday is gone. And all my sins are forgiven. Well, I've been washed by the blood. [Music] I'm no stranger to the prison. I've worn shackles and chains, but I've been freed and forgiven. Yes, I have. I'm not going back. I'll never be the same. That's why I sing. All my hope is in Jesus. Thank God my yesterday [Music] is gone. [Applause] And all my sins are forgiven. [Music] Yes, I've been washed by the blood. There's a kind of thing that just breaks a man. [Music] Break him down to his knees. [Music] God, you know I've been broken more than a time or two. Yes, Lord. But you picked me up and showed me what it means to be a man. Come on and sing. All my hope is in Jesus. [Music] Thank God my yesterday is gone. And all of my sins are forgiven. Yes, I've been washed by the blood. Yes. All my hope is in Jesus. Thank God that my yesterday is gone. and all my sins are forgiven. Yes, I've been washed by the blood. [Music] [Applause] [Music] How great the chasm that lay between us. How high the mountain I could not climb. In desperation, I turn to heaven and spoke your name into the night. And through the darkness, your loving kindness tore through the shadows of my soul. The work is finished. The end is written. Jesus Christ my livinging hope. Who could imagine so great a mercy? What heart could fathom [Music] such boundless grace? The God of aes step down from gloryy to wear my sin and bear my shame. The cross has spoken. [Music] I am forgiven. The King of Kings calls me his own. Beautiful Savior, I'm yours forever. Jesus Christ my living. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain. their salvation in your name, Jesus Christ, my living hope. Then came the morning that sealed the promise. [Music] Your buried body began to breathe. And out of the silence, the roaring lion declared, "The grave has no claim on me." And then came the morning that sealed the promise. Your buried body began to breathe. And out of the silence, the roaring lion declared the grave has no claim on me. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ, my livinging hope. [Music] Jesus Christ, my livinging hope. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Ain't it wonderful to be a Christian? &gt;&gt; Ain't it wonderful to be a Christian? &gt;&gt; A living hope. &gt;&gt; A hope that cannot die and a hope that cannot fade away. What a what a blessing it is to be a Christian. &gt;&gt; I heard the prophet say it this evening. He said he said if I wasn't a Christian, he said, "I'd be a suicidal case." &gt;&gt; You think about the world that we're living in. If a prophet was saying that in 1960 and he was in a nervous condition, can you imagine where we would be at right now? Thank God to be a Christian. So I'm going ask you, how many's happy to be a Christian tonight? Are you thankful to be Christlike? to have the mind of Christ, to be separated from the world. Come on, somebody. Praise God. Won't you thank the Lord that he saved you from the rest of this old world and made you a Christian to fall in love with him more and more every single day. Hallelujah. I think we got something to praise the Lord for. Hallelujah. All my hope is in Jesus and he's my living hope. We got something to testify to the world about. My goodness. We're so excited to have our brother Nathan Ericson here with us this evening. We're just looking under the Lord that I believe God's got something that he wants to say to us tonight. So, I want you to pull on the gift of God as brother Nathan comes tonight. You just you just make your heart ready for the word of the Lord and the word will discern the very thoughts of your heart and it'll come right there where you are. You just pull on the gift of God tonight and I guarantee you that God will come and meet every single one of your needs. How many's here expecting tonight? Amen. Maybe Kia see that song worshiping you as brother Nathan prepares to come. Worshiping you. Oh, worshiping you. [Music] Oh, there's nothing else that I would rather do. I love you, Lord. Worshiping you. Woriing you. Oh, you make it easy, Lord. Cuz I'm so in love with you. you. Oh, I long for those moments when just you and I. I get lost in your presence and lose track of time. When I'm overwhelmed by your glorified and I'm left with only one thing to do, worshiping you. worshiping you. Oh, there's nothing else that I would rather do. I love you, Lord. Worshiping you. [Music] Oh, worshiping you. And you make it easy, Lord, cuz I'm so in love with you. Oh, I long for those moments when just you and I, I get lost in your presence and lose track of time. When I'm overwhelmed by your glory divine and I'm left with only one thing to do, worshiping you. [Music] Worship me. Worship me. [Music] Amen. How many in love with the Lord tonight? Let's just give him some praise tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. He's worthy of all of our praise. Just want to say it's a real honor to be with you uh once again and just uh just been so looking forward to coming back down and and being a part of uh of your church here for for a weekend once again. And we love you all. We want to bring greetings from back home from brother Wayne Lawson, your good friend, and and all the saints there at True Word Tabernacle. Some of them tuning in tonight. And so, uh, there's just nothing like the family of God. Amen. And so, we, uh, we, we, this church, this family is very special to us. Been thinking on the drive down here just back through, uh, over 30 years of memories of Brother Ron coming up and preaching for us and ministering the word, hearing him different places. He was just uh so he's been so instrumental in my life. Words words can't uh I know I happen to know a lot of words but there are no words for for what brother Ron means to to me and and uh to our assembly there and the whole Spencer family. Amen. And and uh we love him very much and and we love you and uh I've been just so looking forward to being back with you. This is my third time I believe here with you and uh you just have treated me so well. I just feel right at home tonight and just looking forward to what the Lord has in store. I just want to be a help and encouragement to this church. We we're just fellow laborers for the kingdom of God. And so we're just trusting the Lord will just come on the scene. Amen. And bring some inspiration that'll that'll help and and encourage and uplift and uh we're certainly behind you 100%. Amen. We support you. We love you. Amen. We just want to we just want to say God bless you. As we turn to the word of God, we'll go to Isaiah the 40th chapter. Isaiah 40, we'll just read verses 10 and 11 here. I still hear those pages turning. If you have it, say, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Behold, the Lord God will come with strong hand, and his arms shall rule for him. Behold, his reward is with him, and his work before him. He shall feed his flock like a shepherd. He shall gather the lambs with his arm and carry them in his bosom and shall gently lead. Oh my, gently lead those that are with young. If you'd turn with me also to John chapter 10, we'll read verses 24 to 30 there of John 10. Of course, uh this is a very significant moment in the scripture, very significant m moment in the ministry of Jesus Christ. Then came the Jews round about him and said unto him, "How long does thou make us to doubt?" Isn't that funny? They were accusing him of being the reason for their unbelief. How long does thou make us to doubt? If thou be the Christ, tell us plainly. Jesus answered them, I told you, and you believe not. The works that I do in my Father's name, they bear witness of me. But you believe not, because you are not of my sheep, as I said unto you. My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me, and I give unto them eternal life, and they shall never perish. Neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand. My father which gave them me is greater than all and no man is able to pluck them out of my father's hand. And he says the great words, I and my father are one. Amen. It's a beautiful scripture here. This little passage of scripture. It it identifies you as the sheep who hear his voice and it also positions you as in the hands of God. How many glad to be in his arms tonight? Amen. That's that's our position. And it assures us it assures us that we are safe from all harm. Uh I'd like to I'd like to uh preach to you tonight. I'll title it heaven's embrace. Maybe a little bit of an unusual title, but um but uh we just want to speak a little bit on heaven's embrace. Shall we have a word of prayer? Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you, Lord, for that embrace. Lord, we we where would we be, Father, as brother Andrew was was testifying a moment ago, Lord, if you hadn't reached down your hand and picked us up, Lord. Lord, we thank you for your mercy. Lord, uh where would we be tonight without Lord you reaching down your hand, Father, I pray that tonight would not just be a church service, Lord, and just an observation of tradition. Lord, may you just take this meeting in your hands tonight. I pray you take this thought, these notes, Lord, this speaker, Lord, to this audience. And Lord, do something miraculous, Lord, with Lord, let let the heavenly Lord take over the earthly. And I just pray, Father, that somehow someway you would have your will tonight, Lord. Uh your will would be done, Father, that you would speak, Lord, to hearts tonight, Lord. There's there's great needs amongst us, Lord. Everybody here, Lord, has a need, Father. But it would just take one touch from that mighty arm. if you would Lord see fit to reach down Lord and and Lord and cover all of our insufficiencies with your blood tonight Lord and reach out your arm of grace I pray minister to your people Father have your way let your spirit move amongst us tonight Lord as we as we consider your word Father as we worship you Lord as we enjoy the truths Lord of of of Lord your grace grant it father let it be so we pray in the name of Jesus Christ amend bless you could be seated tonight. Amen. Uh uh speaking tonight on on heaven's embrace and you know uh the the the the way it is for me uh when preaching I just uh I sometimes I just I feel like I need to I almost stumble around a little bit and we might just kind of we might look around here kind of set up a little foundation and and and try to paint a little bit of a picture and then all of a sudden we'll just fall into that channel and then we'll we'll go. Okay. So, how many would just help me preach tonight? Amen. And I I uh uh appreciate your welcome spirit. Let's just let's just look at this. This may be a little bit of an unusual uh title as we say on heaven's embrace. But this comes from this comes from uh something that brother Brandham preached and it was the way that he would refer to to a very amazing moment in time when Jesus would come into the river and be baptized by John the Baptist. Amen. And how many know the story of how how how Jesus came and at that time nobody knew him as the Christ? Nobody recognized uh who he was or what he was there to do. But but but in that moment there was a there was a a a vindication. There was a sign. There was a light that came down in the form of a dove and and rested over the head of Christ. And and uh of course you know uh the Bible would say it's not that everybody saw that dove. Not everybody saw that light, but John the Baptist saw it and he's the one who witnessed of it. And we believe the report, don't we? Amen. and and uh and and so uh brother Brandon would would refer to the revelation of Jesus Christ in this way as this embrace. He he said that man was made in the image of God and then God came down in the image of man to redeem man and that brought man and God together. Heaven and earth he said hugged and kissed each other. God and man embraced each other as fatherhood and sunship when the logos became flesh and dwelt among us. What a what a powerful moment. Amen. Now, now we speak about the logos and and uh it's a theological term that we all know. But uh you know the logos is that word we know which was with God in the beginning. In the beginning was God and and the word was God. Amen. And and uh and and but the word we might say is the the word is that part of God. It's not a different God or a different person, but it's the part of the person of God which has been revealed to us. That would be the simple way to see it to say it. Amen. Amen. Because you know, God is he's beyond us. He's above us. He's uh he's outside of our grasp. He's uh he's God. He's the creator. He's a supernatural being. Amen. And so uh our only contact with God, the only way the the only way we could know God is as much as he would see fit to reveal himself to us. Amen. So otherwise there's no hope in a man or a woman. We're just uh you know, we'd still be scraping out a beastly existence down on this earth if it hadn't been God that would reach down his hand. Amen. And come and and begin to reveal himself to the human race. Amen. We we were fallen. We were lost. We were without hope. Amen. But God did not want it to stay that way. Amen. Our God uh our God, you know, after the fall in the Garden of Eden, God was untouchable to man. He he he was above us. He was beyond us. Amen. But in God's heart, we know today he there was a desire for fellowship with his sons and with his daughters. And because of that desire for fellowship, God began a great journey, amen, of coming down and humbling himself. And he began to condescend. He came through prophets and he came through messengers and he came through church ages and he amen. He time after time he would come and he would do things amongst the human race which would reveal to us who he is and Amen. and and and and and what he is and and how he thinks about us. Amen. And amen. And so there but there was a time when when even God as he began to he began to uh begin this process of self-revelation, there was a time when uh uh when when maybe we could see him but we couldn't touch him because he hadn't come all the way. Amen. That was the way it was for the children of Israel. Remember on Mount Si, Amen. They could look up and they could see God without question. They knew that God was over them. God was with them. God was dealing with them because they recognized a pillar of fire. Amen. But that pillar of fire represented a God that was so holy, a God that was so unattainable, a God that was so perfect that not only was it uh not only couldn't they touch that God, they couldn't even touch the mountain that he was on. And not even an insect could touch that mountain. Any beast that would touch that holy mountain, Amen, would have to be slain because of the awesome presence of a holy God. Now, that's a powerful God. That's a wonderful God. That's a Amen. That's a very impressive God. But but it's a but it's tragic to think of a God that would be that great and that majestic, but we could not touch him and we could not speak to him and we could not really lay our eyes upon him. Even Moses couldn't look at him. Amen. He could see the pillar of fire, but Amen. when uh when that logos passed before Moses, his eyes, he couldn't even look him in the face. All he could see was the hinder parts of a man. Amen. That great untouchable God. But but but but by the New Testament, we know that we are not come today to an untouchable mountain. Amen. Uh uh but Paul said, "You're not come to an untouchable mountain." Amen. You you come to Mount Zion and you have come to Jesus. Amen. Who is the mediator between God and man. So Amen. So when Jesus came on the earth and when Jesus came to the river and that anointing of the Holy Spirit came down and made contact with a perfect lamb of God, Amen. That was a very significant moment, friends, because that's when an untouchable God, amen, became touchable. He became visible. He became audible. He became a God that we could get in contact with. Amen. It wasn't that we went up to where God was, but God came down to where we were. Amen. And brought us to Mount Zion. Amen. Did a great work of mediation. Amen. And brother Brandham said when that happened, Amen. There was an embrace that took place. Amen. because Heavenly reached his arms down and took hold of earthly and God and man came into contact. Amen. When they've been separated ever since the fall. To me, it's a beautiful picture. I hope you Amen. I hope you could enjoy that tonight. Amen. As we begin to uh just look into this. Amen. You see, uh uh the Bible said in John chapter 1, it speaks of that father, that mysterious God. He said that no man knew the father at any time. Amen. God, the God, the God who created the universe, the God that created man, the God who holds all time and space and matter in his hands and everything exists for his purpose and for his pleasure. That was an untouchable God. Amen. But listen, Amen. When John writes these words, he says, "No man ever knew the father, but he said the logos declared him." Amen. The logos, the word that was with God in the beginning. Amen. He said, "Come into this day. He's come to the human race and he has declared the invisible father. Amen. And you can hear the passion in the words of John here at the beginning of the New Testament, John chapter 1. Amen. When he says, "No man ever knew the father but the logos declared him and our eyes beheld him." Amen. That God that was invisible, that God that was beyond us, that God that was untouchable came down. Amen. Amen. And John said, "And my eyes saw him and my hands touched him and I sat down and I had communion, amen, with my God." That's what happened. Amen. When Jesus came down in the river, Amen. Heaven, amen, took up earth in its embrace and God and man came back together in a great embrace of love. What a beautiful thing, friends. Now, I want you to realize now, now this will reveal to us what is in the heart of God. Amen. Because a God that great and a God that holy, Amen. an untouchable God. Amen. If we Amen. had the privilege that he would come down and take on flesh. Amen. And he would he would uh be sick like we are sick. Amen. He would pitch his tent with us. Brother Brandham said he'd be sad like we're sad. He'd feel pain like we feel pain. Amen. For God to do that and come in a way where he would be touchable. The only way that he would do something like that is if he wanted to be touched. Amen. And we are serving a God today. Amen. We're serving the Lord Jesus Christ. He's not a separated God. He's not just out in the universe somewhere. He's a God that took on flesh, and he came down and he lived with us, spoke with us, talked to us, touched us. Amen. So that we would know if you need something from the Lord tonight, God is a God who wants to be touched. And if you got faith in your heart tonight to reach out, Amen. Amen. And and cry out for your need, your faith can touch him. And only the hem of his garment is all that it would take. Amen. For you to be healed. Amen. For you to be set free, for you to be delivered. Amen. For your family to be restored. All it would take is a touch of the hem of his garment. Amen. But God didn't just give us a little corner of his cloak. Amen. God came down, amen, and reached out his arms and he gathered the human race up in an embrace. And God has pulled us back to the very heart of God, which Jesus Christ is. It's a It's a powerful thing to think. Amen. That God wanted us to be able to touch him. Amen. That's why that holy, sacred, untouchable fire that was over the heads of the children of Israel, that very same fire came down on the day of Pentecost. And he ca and he took a step lower. Amen. And a God that it was impossible to touch. Amen. Brother Brandham said he literally broke himself up into pieces and he took little licks off that pillar of fire. Amen. And he put it over the heads of all of his disciples. Amen. That's what God wants from the human race. Amen. He didn't send Jesus to start a church. And he didn't send a message to start another church. Amen. He sends the Holy Ghost. He sends the light, amen, that came off the logos before the foundation of the world. And he puts it in the individual. Amen. So that you don't have to go to church. Amen. Just to meet God. You don't have to touch a man. Amen. Or hear his words to meet God. Amen. God, Amen. wants to come and reside with you. Amen. He wants Amen. And he wants you to know him in a way where you can speak to him. You can touch him. You can see him. Amen. You can experience him. You can even feel him. Amen. That's the kind of God we're serving. Amen. A personal God. Amen. And that's a pattern that he said on the day of Pentecost. Amen. Is that his sons and daughters would not have to know him by a by a religious theory. Amen. By a mental exercise. Amen. But that every son or daughter of God must come, amen, to that pillar of fire and receive God by a personal contact. Amen. Amen. A personal contact. That's what is required. That's what the baptism of the Holy Ghost is. Brother Bram said that's the revelation of Jesus personally to you. Amen. So it's not a logos that we read about in the Bible, but it's a logos that has touched your life with a lick of fire. Amen. And got in contact with you. Amen. In other words, you touched the invisible God. How many got the Holy Ghost tonight? Amen. And then think of the privilege to know, Amen, that you have touched the untouchable God. You got a revelation, a vision of an un of an unseeable, amen, mysterious being. The logos himself revealed it to you. He revealed himself to you and now you're in heaven's embrace. And by his revelation, now you can touch the untouchable God. Brother Brandham said, he said, "We shouldn't even He said we really shouldn't even say I've got the Holy Ghost." He said, "You should say the Holy Ghost has got me." Oh, friends. Amen. What do you got a hold of tonight? But more importantly to know, Amen. What's got a hold of you? Amen. That Holy Ghost that he gave you, Amen. That's that's not just an emotion. That's not just a that's not just a tingle to run up and down your spine. It's not a it's not a church membership. It's not a feeling. Amen. It is the touch of God. Amen. It is the arm of God that reached down and got a hold of your life and crowned you with a lick off that pillar of fire to make you his son and make you his daughter. Amen. Brother Brandon would say when God came into the river there when Jesus was baptized and the dove came down, he said that's when God and man became one. We're building a foundation here. Stay with me now. That's when heaven and earth embraced each other. Hallelujah. That's when God was made flesh and brought it. And that's when God came down from the spirit form and was made a man and dwelt among us. He said, "That's when all eternities embraced each other." That's when the human fallen race of Adam's people and Jehovah God and every angel come together when God and man was made one on that great memorial day when John baptized Jesus. Now, I want you to notice the power of this picture. Now, Brother Brandham, when he begins to explain this, he's going to put great emphasis on something. Amen. That it was a lamb and it was a dove. And the dove, he said, could only come down on a lamb because they both have a compatible nature. Amen. The dove couldn't come down. He I I if Jesus had had the nature of a wolf, Amen. the the dove could have never touched him. If Jesus had had the nature of a lion, the dove could have never touched him. Amen. But it was because Jesus was there in the form of a lamb. He was humble. He was weak. He was simple. Amen. It was the meekness of the lamb. Brother Bram said that's why the Holy Spirit could come and touch him because a dove and a lamb both have that gentle nature. Amen. Amen. And so there has to be a compatibility there. Amen. For that touch. Now, now that's the thing about it, friends, is that human beings there there's been so many proud men. There's been so many great men and great minds and and great people. Think of it now. Great intellectual philosophers and great religious leaders and rulers of men and rich men and famous men and Amen. Uh great great people. Amen. Many of them have tried to climb up the mountain to try to find God. Amen. Some of you maybe have done that in your life. You at some point you you you went up the mountain literally or metaphorically. Amen. You tried to climb up. Amen. And and look for God and you didn't find him there. And they never find him there. The reason is when man goes climbing to meet God. Amen. He passes him halfway. Amen. Because God, amen, did not require man, amen, to climb up to where he was. It was God that came down, amen, and the greater you try to make yourself. And the more of a great person you're trying to be, the farther away you are from God. But that's good news to somebody who's got a lot of weakness tonight. That's good news to somebody who's humble, somebody who's lowly, somebody your the world gave up on you. Amen. Because God, Amen, is looking for somebody like that. Amen. When God came down, he didn't want to be touched by kings and popes and priests and religious leaders. He wanted to be touched by the lowest of the low. Amen. Grace came all the way down. It went after drunkards. It went after drug addicts. It went after prostitutes. It went after the lowest wretched Amen. most filthy people of the world. Amen. Why? So that you and I wouldn't glory in who we are. Amen. But if this dove that I'm talking about can find a lamb somewhere. Amen. Maybe maybe it's legs have been broken. Amen. Maybe it's been lost and wandered. Amen. But if he can get a hold of your life, friends, amen, there are arms tonight. Amen. Which can reach out, Amen. into the lowest, most wretched condition and pull you out and pull you into an embrace of love like you never imagined. Hallelujah. Oh my. He already came down. So they get up there on the mountain. Amen. and they're a great bishop and they're a great theologian, great leaders, great men, great women. Amen. But they don't find God because God left the mountain and came down to where we were. &gt;&gt; Heaven didn't come looking for heavenly for this embrace. He was looking for earthly. Heavenly was looking for earthly. That's what the message all about. Friends, some people think the message was sent so that the most super duper uh uh most advanced, most intellectual, most religious, spiritual people, amen, could get the message and do something with it. That's not what the message is for. Amen. The message came down so the most weak, wretched, ridiculous, unlikely, overlooked, rejected, Amen. Uh backsliden, sinful, Amen. The lowest people of the world, God sent a message. Amen. And when the churches kicked you out, Jesus came knocking on your door. Amen. Amen. Friends, look, if you if you're looking at this message tonight and you're thinking, "Well, I believe it. I think it's amazing. I think it's powerful, but I I it could never be for me because I am weak and because I am meek and because I struggle with things and because I came out of a certain background and because I came out of certain conditions, well, then the message must not be for me." I like the way brother Isaac preached it and it was in New Zealand actually. Amen. I heard brother Isaac Hatfield preach it this way one time. I love it. He said there's a lot of people that think they're too weak for the message. No. He said the reality is there's a lot of people too strong for the message of the hour. But you can never be too weak. Amen. That the arms of God can reach down by this end time revelation. Amen. And get a hold of your life. Amen. And unlock a potential in you. It'll surprise you. Amen. and what you can do if you could ever get in his arms. That's who the message is for. It's to the lowly. The Bible 1 Corinthians 1 says, "You see your calling, brethren. Not many mighty men after the flesh are called. Not many noble and not oh, not many educated, not many popular, not many talented, not many Amen. No, it's not the great people of the world that God reached down for." Amen. It said he took the weak things of the world, Amen. to overthrow the strong. Amen. And he takes the foolish things of the world to confound the wise. Amen. That and friends, I'm that foolishness of God tonight. Amen. I'm that foolishness. Amen. But the thing is, Amen. I have touched that untouchable God. Amen. The Bible says, "To whom is the arm of the Lord revealed?" See there, he said, "He hath no form." Jesus said, he said, "When Jesus comes, he'll have no form or comeliness." Amen. And when we'll see him, there's no beauty that we should desire him. Amen. Think of when Jesus came, he came so humble. He looked so weak. He looked so he looked so human and so frail. Amen. That the great men of his day could not receive him because he didn't impress him enough. Amen. But when he began to go down the the the highways and the byways and when he would go down amongst the Amen. the real the real people. Amen. The Amen. with their struggles and with their sins and Amen. and with all of the things that they were dealing with and Amen. and their addictions and their and their fornications and their cursing and all that and all those things. Amen. The ter he found them in that terrible condition. Amen. But because these people were weak and because these people were meek, because they were lowly, they could receive the revelation of God. Amen. That's what heaven came looking for. Heaven didn't come down to get heavenly into his embrace. Amen. But this embrace is between heaven and earth. You say, "Brother Nathan, I'm so human. I'm so frail. I'm so weak." That's what God's looking for. Amen. But let him get his arms around you one time. Amen. He said, "My strength is made perfect in what?" In weakness. Amen. You say, You say, "I'm weak, brother Nathan." Good. You're a good candidate for the strength of God to display itself. When you can't do it, when you can't figure it out, Amen. That's when the strength of God can really be glorified. Amen. That's what he's looking for. Amen. And if you meet him in that humility, that's where you'll find him. That's where you'll find him. Amen. When in that human now look, never He's such a gentle savior. But never mistake gentleness for weakness. &gt;&gt; Never mistake gentleness for weakness. No sir, it's not the same thing. Amen. But the scripture would say in Isaiah 42 would speak of of Christ and when he would come and it's a judgment scripture. It's a scripture about him bringing judgment. Amen. But I love the words that uh my son is named after my son Reed. He's named after this scripture. He says a bru when he comes now Isaiah says a bruised reed he will not break. In other words like a reed or a cattail or something. It's been bruised. It's been it's been bent and bruised. Amen. But he'll come by and when he passes by that bruised reed, he'll come so gentle with his judgment. Amen. The Bible said he won't break it off. &gt;&gt; Amen. And even a and even he said a smoking flax. Amen. He will not quench. Flax is just about the most fragile little fiber of a plant. Amen. And he but when he passes it by, Amen. He wouldn't even blow out a candle. He wouldn't even put out a little a little ember on a smoking flax. Amen. And he says uh he says, "But he shall bring forth judgment unto truth." I'm talking about a gentle savior. Friends, I know we've heard a lot of sermons preached about sinners in the hands of an angry god. Let me tell you something about sons and daughters in the hands of a gracious father. Amen. You see, his arms when he gets a hold of one of his children, they're very gentle arms. You might be bruised tonight. You might have been mistreated. I don't know your background. You might have been hurt. Amen. Maybe people have hurt you. Churches have hurt you. You think the message has hurt you. Amen. But the message, the real message is Christ. And Christ has never hurt one of his own. Amen. No, he's gentle. Friends, you've been bruised in your life. I tell you what, this message won't break you. Amen. But Christ, Amen, will reach his gentle hand. Amen. And he can fix you. Amen. If you're ill, I know our flame gets real fragile sometimes. And we feel like just the littlest puff of air, just a heart, just a little one harsh word is all it would take. Amen. To kill our flame, Amen. and and just snuff us out. Amen. But my gentle savior, he knows what to do with weak Christians. He knows what to do with a weak flame. He knows how to bring the revival fire. Amen. And fan it up in your life again. Amen. He won't snuff you out. Amen. And oh, you say, "Oh, and brother Nathan, I'm backslid." The prophet said, "We backslide every day." Amen. But the point is, there's a gentle savior. Amen. Who reached down his hand and he's got a hold on your life. He didn't save you yesterday to lose you today. But his with his gentle hands, he knows how to work with us. He knows how to work with our weakness. Oh, it's good to be in the arms of God. Hallelujah. I know. You know, we go through things as Christians. We have disappointments. We have hard trials. That's called the tender hand of Jehovah. And the day will come, the day will come when you look back, no matter how horrible what you've been through, you look back and say, "But I can see the tender hand of God that was guiding me all the way." Amen. He was Amen. Oh, the gentle hands of the Savior. See, the world is full of better men, more religious men, better people, a better class. Amen. But God sent a humble message today to put it in the hands of a humble bride. And God is going to take a humble little bride that the world didn't hold out hope for. Amen. And he is going to do the miraculous. He's going to put her in a rapture. She's going to do the greater works. She's going to do mighty things. Not by her own strength, but by his strength. Amen. Amen. He put the message in your hands. Well, of course, we would think about Simeon. How many know the story about Simeon in the temple? Amen. When they took Jesus on, Amen. down to the temple to be dedicated, there was a man there named Simeon. I love the way brother Brown talks about him. Simeon. Now, he wasn't an important person there. He wasn't maybe an official. He wasn't the high priest. He might not He might have had a rank or a position. It was just Simeon. And I I'm not a great storyteller. I let brother Brandham do it. He's so good at it. Brother Brandham would say, "Let's say it's Monday morning. Hundreds of babies are born every day. Amen. But it's Monday morning. It's all busy all around the temple. Think of how bit, you know, just elbow to elbow, people moving around and milling around and just chaos everywhere. And he said, "And Caiaphas, the high priest, he's sitting back with his fan as a judge." Amen. Knowing nothing about it. He said, "The priests are on their their regular routine. They're arguing about what kind of buttons they should wear on their shirt." Amen. And and there's an old man now by the name of Simeon. He's sitting in the prayer room, maybe reading Isaiah. Amen. And brother Br would say that that old Simeon there, he's sitting in the temple amidst all the hustle and bustle. Amen. And he said, but the Holy Ghost had made a promise to Simeon. Amen. And promised him, he said, Simeon, before you die, you're going to lay eyes, Amen. on the Messiah. Amen. You're not going to leave this world until you get a personal vision of my redeemer. Amen. And so, but I love what brother Bam said. He said, "Now, and the same Holy Ghost that promised he would see the Messiah, the same Holy Ghost led him to him." Oh, I'm thinking of my life today. Amen. How how that you know, I was raised in the message. I've got the pedigree. I cut my teeth on a pew like many of the young people sitting here. That didn't get me any closer to God. might as well been on a bar stool. Amen. But there was something the Lord did. He put a desire down in this heart. Amen. That said, I want to know God. I want to know re something real. I want real. I want reality. I want meaning. I want purpose. I'm desiring that. Amen. And one day, how many remember, Amen, the first time the Lord put that in your heart? Something waken on the inside. Said, I'm desiring after the things of God. Amen. I want to know him. I don't want to just read about him. I want to know him. Oh, hallelujah. It was the Holy Ghost that gave you that desire. Amen. But one day, amen, you came across this message. Amen. And the light flashed across your eyes. And in that moment, the same Holy Ghost that put the desire in you led you right to the answer. That's what the message is, friends. It's the answer to the heart's cry. There's a deep call in a man or a woman, a deep call for something real, for something true. Amen. But when this message came forth, deep responded. &gt;&gt; Amen. God reached out his arm to bring a bride into his embrace. Oh, the same Holy Ghost that promised. And now look at Simeon. Now think of where he's standing now in the temple. Amen. Can you give me a little more on the monitors, brothers? Amen. He's standing there in the temple. Amen. And he's holding a little baby in his arms. Oh my. Amen. And of all the people in Israel, of all the priests, the high priests, the princes, Herod, Caesar, of all the people in the world, here's Simeon, and he's holding in his hands a little baby, and he's got him cradled in his arms. Amen. And it's the very child that will save the world. &gt;&gt; Oh, and Simeon would say, "My eyes have seen thy salvation." That's what happens when a man or woman's born again. Amen. The world doesn't change. Politics doesn't change. Amen. The economy doesn't change. The world goes on like nothing ever happened. Amen. But blessed are your eyes. And because the invisible God has become visible to you. And now to think we're holding in our arms a message. Oh. Amen. Mine eyes have seen that salvation. Oh, if you only knew what you got a hold of tonight. Amen. You say, "I'm a message believer, Brother Nath. I believe God sent a prophet." Amen. But if you only knew what you're clinging to. Oh yeah. Simeon said this will be a sign that's spoken against. Oh yeah. Anytime God does anything, it's criticized. It's disbelieved. Amen. Not the world will never see what God does cuz he doesn't send it to the great big world. He sends it to little small people. Oh. Amen. But look. Amen. We've had a sign that was spoken against. Amen. How many times in prayer lines, Brother Van would reach hell. Amen. He would begin to discern hearts. Amen. the miracles would happen. All those kind of things would take place. Amen. Brother Bam said, "What are they touching?" He said, "They're not touching me. They're touching the high priest. They're touching Jesus Christ in the Holy Ghost." He said, "It's the same one that led Simeon." Amen. Now, now I know people criticize, Amen. with that gift that was in Brother Brandham. People called him a fortune teller. They called it uh mental telepathy. They called it cold reading. They they considered all those kind of things. When brother Bran would stand in a pulpit, he would begin to speak people. He would say, he would say, "Your name is this. You come from here. Amen. Here's what you're praying for. This is what you're thinking in your heart." And yeah, people would criticize that. But what about the one it happened to? &gt;&gt; What about the one it happened to? Amen. For that one, it was different. Amen. Because they realized they'd made contact with a God. Amen. Who knew everything about him. Amen. A God that was imaginary a moment before. Now he became tangible. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. What would Brother Bram say? Many times, Amen. Somebody would recognize, Amen, that it wasn't a man speaking to them, but they were hearing the voice of God. Oh, and they would cut loose and they would begin to just they would begin to cry out. They'd be affected by the experience. And Brother Anne would say, what would he say? He'd say, "Now, what did she touch? Now, what did he touch?" Oh, friends, what did you touch? Amen. The first time you came across this message, Amen. and you heard, Amen, what you thought was the words of a man. But as you listened, amen, you began to realize there was deity speaking to you. There was something, amen, there was a voice behind the voice. Amen. And that knew who you were and knew what you were thinking and knew what you desired down in the deepest places of your heart. Amen. What did you touch, friends? Amen. I'm talking to a people, amen, who have touched God. Amen. this bride. Amen. She may be criticized. Amen. She may be made fun of. She may not be she may be uh she may not be a great class of people. Amen. But she's a people who has touched God. She has touched the untouchable God. Amen. Because the logos has revealed himself in a very personal way by the message of the hour. Oh yeah. Simeon said now, "Oh, some will rise, some will fall." He said, "This this this baby is going to turn the world upside down." There's some people because of this baby are going to come from the lowest position all the way to the heavenly. And there's others that are going to come from a high position all the way down to a place of shame. Amen. It's going to turn the tables on everything. Amen. When this baby, Amen. When this baby, Amen, comes and manifests itself. Now, think of Simeon. Now, he's holding a baby, the Christ child. And you want to talk about cradling potential. &gt;&gt; Cradling potential. Now he's holding a little baby there. Didn't look like much. All the priests are going around. Amen. The high priest is doing his thing. He's too busy being important. But there's Simeon with a little baby. Hallelujah. Amen. Just a little baby. Now, that little baby he was holding had never healed a sick person. That little baby that he's holding, Amen. had never discerned a heart. That little baby had never hung on a cross. That baby had never performed a miracle. That little baby had never preached a sermon. But just as sure as Simeon's holding that baby, he's cradling potential. He's cradling the very life. Amen. That would bring his old Amen. Simeon would die someday. But he's cradling the very thing that would bring his body out of the ground. Amen. Potential friends. That's what you got in your hands tonight. That's what this message is. It's not a bunch of doctrine. Amen. You're cradling a Christ child. You say, "Brother Nathan, I've never seen a miracle." Then keep holding on to this message. I've never seen the supernatural. I've never had the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Get a hold of this word. And you begin to rock it. Amen. Oh, it'll surprise you one day. Hallelujah, friends. Amen. That's where I want to be standing. I want to know that I got this message not just on my hands. I want to have it in my heart. I want to cradle it in my arms. I know a bunch of preachers are out here and they're still arguing about what kind of buttons to have and how we should dress and a whole bunch of legalism. Amen. But I want to get a hold of God. I want to get a hold of Christ. I want to touch him. I want to know him. I want to feel his arms around me. I want to know the love of God. And that's what the message was sent for. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm not going to get too important. Amen. You know, I we got a ministry. We got a position in the church. All those things are wonderful. Amen. But look, we're not going to take that. Amen. And then leave Christ over here. Amen. I'd rather hold on to Christ. Amen. And strip everything else away from me. Amen. I'd rather lose my home. I'd rather lose my family. I'd rather lose my church. Amen. And not lose my soul. Amen. I want to get I want to know Christ and him crucified. Hallelujah. There's something in you, friends. Amen. That's crying out for that. It's in your lap. It's in your lap. Think of what this message is. It's not Amen. It's not a bunch of rules and regulations. It's Christ. Christ revealing himself to the church. And he's come and he's set it right in your lap. What are you going to do with it? Oh, we know how Brother Brham would preach that challenging message. What shall we do with this man called Jesus? What shall we do with Jesus the Christ? Amen. He would preach and he would be he would paint a a dire picture. He said, "Now look, he's either going to be on your hands or he's going to be in your heart." Amen. You can't now you you come too far now. Amen. You know God is real. You know there's a reality. You know there's a real baptism of the Holy Ghost. You know there's real Christianity. Amen. Oh. Amen. Well then, friends, are you going to just lay it there in your lap or are you going to gather up this message and pull it into your heart? Amen. Young man, young woman, are you going to let this message just be the church that you belong to? Is it just going to be the way you were raised? Is it the lifestyle of your home? Amen. Or is it something in your heart? Amen. Is it an experience? Amen. That you know you got a hold of God. And much more importantly, you know God has got a hold of you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Cuz the message, Amen, is his arm reached down. Amen. To take a hold of his elect in his day. Now listen friends. when he began to preach that message, that message wasn't just about accountability. It was also about identification. Amen. Cuz there's a lot of people that would be like Pilate, they'll try to wash their hands of this word. Amen. They don't want to preach it cuz it's not popular. They don't want to they don't want to talk about it cuz it Amen. It'll interfere with the way they want to live their life. But there is a class of people. Amen. There is a group of people say, "God, though you slay me, I want to get a hold of this word." Amen. God, even if it hurts, even if I got to, even if it changes me, even if it changes the way I dress, changes the thing I do. Amen. I want to get a hold of you, God. Amen. And when you and that desire in you now is identifying that you're the one it was sent for. &gt;&gt; Now, if you could just go now, wherever your if your mind is in your failures, if your mind is in your mistakes, I want you to go down a level deeper than that, down to the desire of your heart. And that desire down in there that says, "God, there's something in me crying out for you." Amen. I wanna I want to know you. I want to be a real Christian. I wanna I want to have a real experience with you. I want that real reality. Amen. That identifies you as one of his sheep. Amen. Because see, he said, "My sheep know my voice and they come, they follow me." Hallelujah. Brother Bam said, "The anointed word of God, when it's vindicated before any man that's born to be a son of God with the predestinated germ in him for this hour, he will see God's message as sure as there's a God in heaven." He will see God's message as sure as there a God in heaven. Martin Luther saw it for his. Wesley saw it for his. The Pentecostals saw it for his. He said, "Now, what about you?" And then he quotes this scripture. My sheep know my voice and a stranger they'll not follow. Oh friends. Amen. That that cry in your heart. Amen. Oh, you say, "Brother Nathan, am I ever going to understand all these mysteries?" Amen. The preachers are talking about the seventh seal and the third pole and all these things and I I find it very intimidating because I'm a very simple kind of person and I'm not very educated and I just got a very humble mind. Amen. You say, "Do I really have a chance, Brother Nathan?" Amen. Is the message really for me? Could I ever really get a hold of it? My sheep know my voice. My sheep know my voice. Don't you worry. That predestinated seed on the inside of you that qualifies you more than any doctor of divinity, more than any theologian, more than the most intellectual men of this world. Amen. You'll see this message. Don't be afraid of it. Amen. Don't think it's a bunch of mysteries that are held back from you. A mystery is a truth that used to be hidden, but now it's not. Amen. Because the hand of God reached down and broke the seals off of the word. &gt;&gt; It's your message. It belongs to you. Just begin to gather it up in your arms and pull it up close to your chest. You begin to feed on the message of the hour. Don't be afraid of it. Don't think it's too deep. You'll see the message. You'll get the picture. &gt;&gt; Amen. Cuz it's for you. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, you you know because you're a son. Because you're a daughter of God. It's like that prodigal son. You know, for a while he thought for a while he was out in the world and then but then he he he he wanted to get his life right. He said, "Well, you know, I I need to I need to get my life right. I need to turn over New Leaf. I'm going to go back to I'm going to go back to Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle this Sunday. I'm going to come in the church and and I I I've been I haven't I just my life hasn't been right, but I'm going to I'm going to take a step. I'm going to go back. I'm going to see if God will let me serve him. That's what the prodigal thought. He thought, well, I'll go back to church. I'll just do my best. You know, I don't know if I'll ever if I'll really get anything, but I I just I feel I got to I got to make a step. I got to I'm just going to go I'm going to be a servant. I'm going to come I'm going to sit in the back row. I'm going to leave right after the, you know, I'm going to read read leave right after the prayer and I'm just going to slip in. I'm going to, you know, I need a little religion in my life. I need a little bit of God, but I I I probably I I probably can't go all the way cuz I've tried it before and it didn't work out. Amen. And so, you come down to church and Amen. You thought you thought, "Well, I'll just be a servant." But you never were a servant. The prodigal never was a servant. He said, "I'll go back to my father's house. I'll see if he'll just let me work for him. I'll see if he'll let me live there. He don't have to treat me like a son. I'll just be a servant. Amen. But he wasn't a servant. He was a son. And being backslid didn't keep him from being a son. Amen. Weakness didn't make him a not a son. Amen. Struggles didn't make him not a son. Amen. No friends, he was a son. And so when he came back to the father's house, Amen. There was a loving father, amen, who didn't wait for him, amen, to climb up the hill to where he was. He came running down the road with his arms outstretched. Amen. That's what he did for you friends. You said, "I'll be a servant." He said, "No, you're my son." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You thought, "Oh, I don't." You had an idea about what this message was, but it treated you better than you thought you deserved. Why? Because you were elected to believe it &gt;&gt; cuz you're a son or a daughter of God. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. You're one of his thoughts. Brother Ram said, 'If God was thinking about you in the beginning, he's still thinking about you now. He'll still be thinking about you tomorrow because God don't think thoughts today and forget them tomorrow. God's thoughts are eternal. Brother Brandham said, "God is omnisient. He's never had a new thought about anything." Because all his thoughts he always had and he always will have. And he knows the end from the beginning because he's God. He said, "Thus the thoughts of God are real and they are eternal." &gt;&gt; That's you. Amen. Say, "What am I, brother Nathan? You're eternal and you are real." Look now, Brother Brand would say, "They're not just like a man with a blueprint." Amen. That he's drawn up and one day it'll be translated into substance and form. He said, "The thoughts of God are already real. They're already eternal and they're part of God." Oh, I know. You know, you know when you're building a house, you draw up a bunch of blueprints and you got it all drawn out just exactly how you hope it'll be and every detail is just right. Then what happens when you move in? Well, you know, they were sold out of the cabinets you wanted and you couldn't get quite the right shade of paint. And you know, they had to they had to kind of move the trim around to amen to make the plumber happy and the plumber had to move the pipes to make the electrician happy and and you end up with something that's pretty close to what you drew up, but it's not just exactly right. That's not how God fore orained his children. Amen. He didn't have an idea of you, you know, in his mind that was a perfect form of you. And then when you came in the world, Amen. And you came into substance, God looked at you and he thought, "Close enough." No, friends. Amen. The message will tell you, Amen. that he picked out the color eyes you would have. He chose the color of hair you would have. Amen. He knew exactly how tall you would be. He knew what you'd be good at. He knew what you'd be not good at. He knew the struggles you would face. You were designed on purpose. Amen. By a God. Amen. But I'll tell you what. Amen. There. Amen. As much as it pleased him to think of you, what really pleases God, Amen. was to bring you forth as a spoken word, child. Amen. So he could come running down that dusty road and get his arms around you and have a real relationship with the thought that once was a mystery in his mind, but now it's a living, breathing person that can touch God and be touched back. Oh, how precious are thy thoughts unto me, oh God. How great is the sum of them. Amen. David said, "If I should count them, they're more in number than the sand." You can't Amen. You can't in your mind. Amen. conceive. Amen. Of how perfect God's thoughts are of you. Amen. That can I take you to Sunday school for a minute? I'm I'm I'm just a little different kind of a guy, so just indulge me tonight. I'd like you to close your eyes if you have to. But you have a special ability in your mind as a human being. It separates you from all the animals. Amen. I want you to in your mind, in your mind's eye, and close your eyes if you got to, I want you to picture an apple. Make it a red apple, but it's got one, it's got a little stem sticking out the top. It's got one leaf on it. Can you see it? Now, you can you that's an amazing ability you have as a human to contain that apple in your mind. And you can turn it around. You could even you could even do two apples. Maybe uh maybe one's red and the other one's green and the green one's got two leaves instead of one. See, you're already losing it, aren't you? You're Some of you maybe got a sharp mind. You could keep up with me there. Now, here's what I want you to do tonight. I want you to picture in your mind exactly 172 apples. Anybody got it? No, you can't. Because our minds have limitations and we can imagine so much. We can visualize so much. But then, you know, it just gets outside of our grasp as a human. That's why we invented numbers. We got 172 and it represents something we cannot number in our minds. But listen friends, that's not God's thoughts toward you. That's not his mind toward you, friends. Amen. No, he he we are serving a God. He counts every grain of sand in the world. He knows every star that's in the sky. He knows every hair that's on your head. Amen. I'm talking about a God that numbers you and he's able to contain you in his mind. You're not a You're not a vague idea of a person to him. He's got you. He's got a hold of you. You're in his mind. Amen. How many sleepless nights? Amen. We lay awake and we cry and we feel like God's not listening and the heavens are shut and you weep and tears run down your eyes and you thank God you're not even aware of me. But the Bible says God has a bottle and he took that bottle and he catches every tear you ever cried. One day it'll all be poured out. Amen. God's got a purpose in your life. Listen, friends, you're not just on his list. You're in his mind. He numbers you. He knows you. Amen. And he's got his arms around you. And you're so precious to him, he can't lose one of those thoughts. If he lost one of those thoughts, he would no longer be God. You want to talk about security, friends? I'll tell you something about security. Amen. Amen. Paul said, "One day we're going to know as we are known." I'm talking about a God that knows you. You know, now when I find out about a God that knows me like that, Amen. Something wells up in my heart, Brother Andrew, I want to know him back. I want to know a God like that. A God that would care about me. A God that would number me. A God that designed me on purpose. Well, I want to find out what that purpose is. I want to know what it means to be Nathan Ericson. The thought of God. I want to I know what I want to know what it is to do what Nathan Ericson, the thought of it of of God is supposed to do. I want to know him. Amen. Because he knows me and he's got me cradled up safe in his arms. He's not going to lose me. I'm one of his thoughts. Amen. That's what he said. He said, "My sheep are mine and I know them and no man shall pluck them out of my hand." Now, I thought about that. I was thinking one time, Brother William, I was I thought it was curious wording there in the King James how it says, "No man shall pluck them." And I thought, "Why wonder why that is?" And I oh my I started, you know how preachers do I start going down and I started I started just working on a little sermon there, you know, and I'm thinking about, oh, you know, uh it's about influences of men and you know, God uses men, so the devil uses men, too. And so, you know, that's where that greatest battle ever fought is. And it's different men's influences and things like that. And so, we got to watch and man, we got to stick with the word or somebody will turn us astray and all. Oh, I had a real idea in my mind of the nuance of that statement. And then I thought, I better go check that in the Greek or Aramaic or whatever it is. And uh and you know uh you know uh quoting the Greek or Aramaic that don't make you real fancy. You know, it's free on the internet. It's called Strong's concordance. So, you're you're not deep cuz you can look up the Greek. All right. But I I looked it up and I thought I thought well I thought I want to know really I want to make sure I really got the meaning of that. It don't say nothing about a man at all. It said the word is dunami which means power. Amen. In other words, there is no power that is able to pluck you out of his hands. It don't matter if it's a man. It don't matter if it's a devil. It don't matter if it's a sickness. It don't matter if it's a temptation. It doesn't matter what it is, friends. There's no power, no dunami. There's nothing that ever was. There's nothing that is. There's nothing that ever will be that is capable. Amen. Of taking one of God's thoughts and ripping it out of his hands. No. When he got a hold of you, he got a hold of you for good. No power. There's nothing that exists. You say, "But brother Nathan, it's not other powers I'm worried about. I want to know if I have the power. I'm worried whether I have the power. I know God's got a hold of me, but I'm afraid I'm going to let go of him. And I'm afraid I'm going to go too far in my mistakes and failures. Amen. And I'm going to slip out of his grasp. So, I'm not worried about other power. I'm worried about my power." Brother Nathan, well, yeah, you got power. You got a very You got a power of something called uh free moral agency. You got the power to make decisions and they're your decisions. You got the power, amen, to make the wrong decision and then you got to bear the consequences of that decision. Amen. And when with your decision, you have the power to get off into something called the permissive will of God. Amen. That's quite an amazing power that God gave you. But there's something else Brother Brandham said. He said, "But the permissive will of God must always come back to glorify the perfect will of God." What are you telling me, brother Nathan? I'm telling you, Amen. God is a sovereign God, and he's sovereign in his grace. You lack the power in all of your weakness to wrigle out of the grasp of a gracious God. Amen. He reached down to take a hold of you, and he's not letting anything take you out. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I know we make mistakes. I know we bear consequences. I know sometimes we need correction. Amen. We need restoration. Amen. But God never lost you for a moment. He won't lose one of his thoughts. I'm talking about security, friends. Hey, brother Nathan, you can't be preaching all the election like that. You'll cause loose living. Not to the bride of Christ. &gt;&gt; No, sir. That's who she is. Amen. She's those true sheep. She knows his voice. She knows what's right. And there's something heart she wants to do right. But sometimes she does wrong. But when the bride does wrong, it doesn't make her less bride. When a son or daughter of God falls, they get back up again and they stay in the path of duty and it all ends up in God's perfect will in the end. Cuz God's arms are strong. He's got strong arms tonight. I tell you what Jesus said, I got a hold of them and they will never perish. They will never perish. What are we afraid of tonight? What are you afraid of? Death can't touch you. The first death, it can't harm you. All it can do is change your dwelling place. Death is a doorway into the presence of God. Amen. But there's a second death. Amen. Which is annihilation. And that don't have nothing to do with you. That's for the devil and his angels. Amen. So when the devil comes to talk to you about failures and talk to you about your past. I know it's cliche, but don't forget to remind him of his future. Cuz the devil's got an end, but a thought of God. A son or daughter of God is as eternal as God is eternal. You're not saved today to be lost tomorrow. &gt;&gt; You're elected, predestinated. Amen. If Satan could, he already would. &gt;&gt; He already would. You trust the hand of the Lord. Isaiah said, "Behold, the Lord's hand is not shorten that it cannot saved." Amen. The same hands that delivered you at birth, they also deliver you from all your troubles. When Moses made that personal contact with God at the burning bush, you know, when he left that burning bush, he didn't get down the street and have and get into trouble and have to run back to the bush. No. Cuz when Moses left the bush, the fire left the bush. Amen. And and somebody who's really Amen. Somebody who's really made a personal contact with God. Amen. When you make a mistake or a failure, you don't got to run back to youth camp to get another experience. No, friends. Because God left that youth camp and he left and he's with you. He said, "I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. When you struggle, I will strengthen you. When you fail, I will forgive you. Amen. When you when you're sick, I will heal you. When you're bound, I will deliver you." Amen. I am with you and you're in my arms and you're safe. Oh, gentle hands, friends. See, see, it's the same gentle hands. There was a strong hand that went before Joshua. And God said, "I'll reach down my hand before you. And as you go into the land, I'll push everybody back. I'll push your opponents back before you. I'll take my strong hand. I'll sweep the enemy out of your path." But those same strong hands that are so rough on your enemy, they're so gentle with you. Oh, how many know the hands of a gentle savior tonight? Amen. He's so gentle with his children. I Amen. Now, now you know it's just like at home, you know, uh we got a we mama's got a wooden spoon at home. It's not for stirring the cookie batter. Amen. You see, but there there's a spoon and it's got a purpose and it it gets used, but not the hands. Amen. Because that's the way it is with God. God's got a rod of correction, but the hands are for comfort. Amen. And we go through we we we disbelieve. We we we struggle. We we go through all kinds of things. Thomas did, too. Remember Thomas? He got in unbelief and he got the rod, but then he got the hands. Oh, and I'm talking about the hands of a gracious God. Brother Brand told that story. It might as well happen in my house. It'd be something just like my girls would do. He came back from a trip. Uh, little Rebecca climbed up in his lap. Little Sarah comes along. Rebecca says, "Sorry Sarah, you can't have daddy because I've got all a daddy. &gt;&gt; I got all a daddy." Yeah. Some of you come out of churches where you say, "Well, you can't have no revelation. I got all the revelation. You'll never understand this message. You'll never No, no. I got it all. Maybe if you sit under me for 40, 50 years, you might be able to understand it." Sarah had a better revelation than that. She jumped up and she said, "Well," she said, "You might have all of daddy, but daddy's got all of me." Friends, amen. It ain't about how much I know. It ain't about how much I can quote. It ain't about what a great person that I am. I just want to know, Amen, that that daddy's got a hold of me tonight. And I have and through this message, I have come back into personal contact with my father. Hallelujah. You see, God has got you tonight. God has got you. I don't know what you're going through. You know, Christians, I find out Christians don't mind going through a trial. They just want to know, is God considering me? Is he considering me in my trial? Does he know where I'm at? Does he know what I'm You know, Brother Bram said, "The predestinated are the only ones considered in redemption." You say, "Is God thinking about me?" You're the only one he's thinking about. &gt;&gt; This world exists. The universe exists. Kingdoms rise and fall. Presidents come and go, leaders of men, empires crumble and rise and crumble and rise around you. And it all serves one purpose, to bring the bride of Christ back into his arms. Amen. He he he he he he set the sun in the sky to be your light. He said it all speaks of his bride. That's Oh, I don't have time to preach it all tonight, but let me tell you what the message is trying to get across to you. Amen. Is that God has been thinking about you for a very long time. Amen. And he wrote a whole story in the Bible. Amen. I know it talks about Moses. I know it talks about Elijah. It's really about you. Amen. And your connection with God. And now we have come, amen, to the climax of the story. It's a great romantic part where the bridegroom finally comes and he takes the bride in his arms. He say, "Now you see what it was all about. What it was all about. God wrote a book about you. God wrote a book about you. You think he's going to leave you now? When I was a kid, we used to listen to that old uh radio show, The Lone Ranger. I'm not that old. We just ate a Cracker Barrel a lot. You know that Lone Ranger guy, Brother Gabe, he's always getting in trouble. Every episode, he's getting another fix. And you think, I wonder if he's going to make it out of this one. I And as a little kid, I remember I think it was my dad said one time, I said, "Man, I I don't know if he's going to get out of this." He said, "What does it say on the cover of the album?" Oh, it says The Lone Ranger. So, he's the main character. So, if he gets in trouble, I'm preaching now. If he gets in trouble in chapter three, I have a feeling he'll still be around chapter six, &gt;&gt; friends. And we've already read the back of this book. And God's not going to lose a one of his own. So, no matter where you're at, no matter what you're going through, Amen. Whatever would strike your body, your spirit, or your soul, I'm talking about a God who's got his arms around you. You just hold on to him. He'll get you through. Let's all stand tonight. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Bam said when Jesus went down the river, he said that was the greatest event the world had ever seen and will see until. It was the greatest event until Christ and the church have united together again. Friends, there's never been a day like this day. If you don't know God like I'm talking about, God is not a bridegroom who has wrapped his arms around your life. Let me tell you, there's a message who can introduce you to your Isaac. Amen. And if he can never get you in his arms, he'll never let you go. That's what he's looking for tonight as we bow our heads. He said, "As until Christ and the church is united again, when God and Christ, God and man become one, heaven and earth embraced each other, kissed each other, settled the sin question forever." when the dove and the lamb united together. Friends, God's looking for a people today. Not a great people, not a not a special class of people, just somebody who can get in his hands. I I just wonder there'd be a heart here tonight say, "Lord, take me in your arms and use me, Lord. I don't want this message just to be a theory, just to be a a tradition, Lord. I I want to know you in your embrace. I want to know the love of Christ. I want reality." How many got a need in your life tonight? Some of your hearts say, "Lord, I'm so needy, Lord, but if I could just touch you tonight, but if you could just see that we're talking about a God who wants to be touched, a God who's reaching his arm out back to you." Somebody get a hold of him tonight by faith. Say, "God, I I take hold of you tonight for my healing. I I take my deliverance. I take my family. I take my need. I take my provision, Lord. I take it in my arms. And I and I embrace the promise, Lord. I Lord, I want to touch you. Not just the hem of your garment, Lord, but may you take me in your arms tonight, heavenly father. Let it be so. I pray the Holy Spirit now, Lord, would come. The word has been preached, Father. But Lord, now let the let that pillar of fire come and move through these place, Lord. Touch lives, Lord. Touch hearts. I pray you'd move on our needs, Lord. There's great sicknesses among us, Father. But you're a healer, Lord. We know you to be a healer. I pray you'd reach down your mighty hand, Father. Touch every heart. May you meet every need, Lord. Oh, God. We thank you for your grace, Lord. We never could have climbed up to where you were, but Lord, you came running down to us, Father, and took us in your arms, Father. The prodigal returned. Lord, we want to be your sons and your daughters. We want to, Lord, we want to know your love. We want to, Lord, your arms are so securely wrapped around us, Lord. We just want to hold you back, Father. I pray, Lord, you take these people here, Lord. This church, this ministry, Lord. Lord, the the pastors, the ministers, Lord, the people, Father, take them in your hands. Do something with them, Lord Jesus. That's what you're looking for, Lord. That's why you sent a message, Lord. not to stay a million miles away, but to come real close by, Lord. We just welcome your presence, Lord, and we throw everything that we are into your arms. We love you, Jesus. I commit this service to you, Lord. And Lord, the things that were spoken, I pray, Lord, it would just strike the heart right and accomplish, Lord, what you wanted it to do. We pray in Jesus name now. Amen. God bless you tonight. [Music] Oh, something keeps holding me [Music] every day. I see. He's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. Oh, he's guiding me constantly. He's giving me victory. [Music] Oh, it's a reality. [Music] Something keeps holding me. Yes. Something keeps holding me. [Music] Every day I see he's helping me faithfully [Music] to overcome my trials. Oh, he's guiding me constantly. [Music] He's giving me victory. It's a reality cuz something keeps holding me. You enjoy the word of the Lord tonight. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful for the father's embrace? I heard the prophet say it today in the oncoming storm. He said, he said, "Paul was successful in having Stephen stoned." He said, he said, "The message, the messenger didn't affect him." He said, "But the message did." He said, "And the message got a hold of Paul." The message got a hold of Paul. You may have never been around William Brandon, but this message has got a hold of you. &gt;&gt; It's got a hold of your life, and he ain't letting go of you. And I'm so thankful to realize that we have a father that is so strong. Maybe key of B flat. I don't know if it's right or not. He's got the whole world in his hands. He's got the whole world in his hand. He's got the whole world in his hands. He's got the whole world in his hands. Oh, he's got the whole world in his hand. He's got the whole world in his hands. He's got the whole world in his hands. He's got the whole world in his He's got the whole [Music] in his hands. He's got the whole world in his hands. He's got the whole world in his hands. He's got the whole world in his hands. Hallelujah. Wounded and forsen. I was shattered by the fall. did ever forgotten. [Music] Feeling lost and all alone. Oh, summoned by the king [Applause] to the master's court. lifted by the Savior and cradled in his arms. [Music] I was carried to the table. [Music] Oh, seated right where I belong. I was carried to the table. [Music] Oh, swept away by his love. Oh, and I don't feel my brokenness anymore. [Music] When I'm seated at the table of the Lord, I was carried to the table. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, the table of the Lord. Oh, fighting thoughts of fear and wondering why he called my name. Am I good enough? Want to share the scar this world has left me lame. But even in my weakness, the Savior called my name. [Music] In his holy presence I'm feeling unshame. I was carried to the table. [Music] Oh city right where I belong. I was carried to the table. [Music] Oh, swept away by his love. [Music] Oh, and I don't feel my brokenness anymore. [Music] When I'm seated at the table of the Lord, I was carried to the table. [Music] Oh, the table of the Lord. You called the sun to rise [Music] and you laid down to rest. And you hold this heart. Oh my and you my [Music] bra. Such an awesome God who so mighty, who so holy, [Applause] so wonderful, who such an awome God who so selfless, who Oh generous so faithful you are [Music] seated in majesty. [Applause] Oh, raining in holiness. Oh, the table. He said he set me free. For you are the living. Such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful. Such an awesome God who's so selfless, who so generous, so faithful you are. Oh Jesus, the son of God. Hallelujah. You hung on the cross to die. Oh, not even [Music] could hold you down. For you rose to life. Such an awesome God. So mighty. So [Music] wonderful. Such an awesome God. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, so faithful. Such an awesome God. Such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful. Who's such an awesome God? Who's so selfless? Who's so generous? [Music] Jesus the son. Oh Jesus the son. Heaven's embrace right here. Oh, you long a cross to die you thankful. Oh, but not even there could hold you down for you rose to life. was such an awesome God. [Music] I just worship the Lord tonight. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus the son of God [Music] on a cross to die and not Even death [Music] can hold you down for you rose to life. Such an awesome God. [Music] Oh, [Music] such an awesome God. [Music] What a great [Music] [Music] day he came. [Music] Oh, and walked into my life. He pulled me from a life of sin. Oh, to be a part of his pride. [Music] But now there's been a change in me. Now I used to see things one way but now so differently and God is one thing and it still remains the same and it will never change. No, it will never change. [Music] Love still stand. It stands up strong and tall. Oh, like a mighty mountain that will never fall. Oh, held up by the strength of God's own hand. [Music] Love still. [Music] Are you living [Music] a life of sin [Music] and you can't see way out [Music] and you can have that sweet peace within or You can sing and you can shout. You see, there was a day on Mount Calary when he embraced the cross so you can be set free. And God is one thing and it still remains the same and it will never change. No, we will never change. Oh love still say it stands strong and tall. Oh, like a mighty mountain that will never fall. Held by the strength of God's own. Love still s. [Music] Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful? for a God that would embrace you &gt;&gt; when you didn't think that you were worth embracing. &gt;&gt; There come a spot in my life and I was kind of like brother Nathan said tonight. I grew up in church and I I cut my teeth on this message. Cut my teeth on these church pews just like he said. But I got my focus off and I got to looking at people instead of looking at the message. And it I got disillusioned just because of people. And there's great people in this message, but I had my eyes on the wrong thing. And I thought, I don't want anything if that's what the message produces. I don't want anything to do with that. And I I come so close to walking away because of people, not the message. And I remember I remember going through those stages of my life and I was [Music] just thinking how great God is. And I I was just thinking about it and at that moment and I was going through all of them things and a man of God that was was anointed. I I was I I was hearing a church service and I had them things on my heart and I was thinking, how could I get through all of that and I'm still here? How how could how could those those people and how could this happen and how could that happen these trials and all those things and I just had that thought in my mind if it would not been for the grace of God I wouldn't have been here and I was just holding those things and all of a sudden the man of God he just he was completely out of out of cater he was going a completely different re direction he said he said brother he said don't you know that God had you in his hands the whole time he was completely preaching somewhere else. But I was I was thinking about those things. He said, "Brother, don't you know that God had you in his hands the whole time?" So, you couldn't left this message because God had you in his hands the whole time? Don't you realize that where you came from and where you are now that God's had you in his hands the whole time? The road might have been rough how you got here, but God had you in his hands the whole time. And what no man, what no idea, what no trouble, what no devil going to get you out of his hands. Aren't you thankful that the master has still got his hand on you? Hallelujah. I tell you, this message makes me want to shout from the rooftops. Through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. Ah, don't you just enjoy the message of the hour? God bless you, brother Nathan. &gt;&gt; That was that was beautiful. God richly bless you tonight. We're going to let you be dismissed tonight go praying for brother Ron in the morning that God will give him exactly what we have need of. I believe God has has done great things here tonight. Maybe we could just by a raise of hands just say, "God spoke to me." &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. God God bless you. God richly bless you. You're dismissed tonight. Go in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Come expecting in the morning. God bless you. [Music]
