################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - When It Doesn't Make Sense - Bro. Matthew Watkins on April 6th, 2025 - Matthew Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-06
Title:    "When It Doesn't Make Sense" - Bro. Matthew Watkins on April 6th, 2025
Speaker:  Matthew Watkins
Church:   Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 18m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=puQ_n_6hDz4
========================================

Description:
If these messages have blessed you, please consider supporting our ministry.
We are very thankful for the help God sends us through praying saints.
Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle is a Non-Profit Christian Ministry and is wholly funded by the tax-deductible donations of our supporters. Please visit our website if you like to support Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. https://www.fullgospellighthousetabernacle.com/live-stream/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hello. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Is it well with your soul? My soul [Music] He is well. He is well with my soul. [Music] Oh, though Satan should me, though [Music] [Applause] trials should come. Oh, let this [Music] bless us control. Oh, that [Music] Christ has shown for my soul. Oh my [Music] s. Oh [Music] my. Oh the bless of his glorious. [Music] Oh my [Music] soul. Oh, he's there to the cross in my day. [Music] no more. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord, oh my soul. It is well with my soul. Oh, it is well. Oh, with my soul, my soul is well is well with my soul. Aren't you glad it is well with your soul this morning? So good to be in the house of the Lord. Won't you just turn and greet your neighbors, each and every one of them, our visitors. We thank you for being with us this morning. My, what a glorious time of the Lord we had yesterday. We're expecting great things again this morning, aren't we? Amen. Let's sing a song. I go to the rock. I know was able I go to the rock. Aren't you glad you can run to him this morning? Where do I go? There's nobody. You want to try that again? Let's go D. Is that D? Let's go D on that. Oh, where do I go? When there's nobody else to turn to. Who do I talk to? We know how he wants. Who do I lean on? When there's no foundation stable, I go to the rock. I know he's able. I go to the rock. Well, I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone. The build is rejected. I run to the mountains and the mountain stands by [Music] me. Oh, when all the earth is sinking. Oh, Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to sing our first verse. Where do I go when there's nobody else to turn to? And who do I talk to when nobody wants to listen? Who do I lean on? When there's no foundation stable, I go to the rock. I know he's able. Will I go to the Aren't you glad? Will I go to the rock for my salvation? I run to the stone. The build's retracted. I run to the mountains and the mountain stands by me. Oh, all the earth is singing sless rock. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. Oh, where do I go? Oh, where the storms of life are threatening? Who do I turn to? When those winds of sorrow blow there is a refuge in the time of the tribulation. I go to the rock I know he's able like I just run to the rock this morning and I go to the rock for my salvation. I go to the stone. The moon is rejected. I run to the mountains and the mountain stands by me. Oh, the earth is sinking sand on Christ rock. When I need a shelter, any just clap your hands and praise the Lord. Go ahead. [Music] I'm so glad he stands by you this morning. [Music] All I see is the king. Oh, I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the build was rejected. Run to the mountains [Music] and all the earth sinking sand. A Christ the solid rock I stand when I need a shelter. Oh, I want to sing out one more time. I go to that rock. Well, I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the mountain rejected. I run to the mountain that the mountain stands by me. All the earth is sinking sand. On Christ the solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the [Music] rock. Amen. Aren't you glad you can run to the rock this morning? Oh, I shelter in high tower. And when you're in trouble, he can just be there for you. Aren't you glad of that? How great is our God? Let's go. A the splend of the king and gold in majesty laid all the earth. All the earth [Music] jo and trembles at his voice trembles at his voice. How great is our God? Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? Oh, see how great, how great is our God. Oh, rage to rage. [Music] Stay t [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] How great is our God? Oh, sing to me. How great is our God. And don't see how great. How great is our God. For he's a name above all name. He is worthy of. Oh, praise. Oh, my heart will sing. I praise is our God. For he's a name above me and he is worthy of my praise. Oh my heart to sing. How great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And don't see how great, how great is our God. All the sea [Music] for all in [Music] re Oh god. How great is our God for sing how great is our God and see how great how great is our [Music] God our [Music] Masterpiece of Christ is love beyond pray. Oh love beyond pray. I love this verse. Oh he chose himself right. Oh she was taken from his side to rain upon his throne. Oh rain upon his world. How great is our God? Oh, sing to me. How great is our God and don't see how great, how great, oh name above all name, glor. Oh, and he is worthy of it this morning. I just give him praise. My heart will sing. Oh, how great I go. The name of the holy and he is worthy of praise. Oh my heart will sing. I pray one more time the name above all. For is the name above all and he is worthy of all praise. Oh my heart see how great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, see how great how great is our God. Oh, what a great God we serve this morning. Amen. And as they play that softly, maybe we'll just go to the prayer requests this morning. Won't you just love the Lord this morning? Amen. I know you do with all your heart. Amen. We want to be remembering our brother Clarence Morris. That God would just touch him. Our sister Betty Morris as well there. Want to be remembering our brother Roger, Sister Anne Sailors, and then Sister Sarah Gooden that was taken to the hospital this week. She has pneumonia. So, I want to pray for her and her healing there. I want to continue to lift up our pastor, brother Ron. What a great report this week we got. And we're claiming complete healing this morning, aren't we? Amen. Want to continue to lift up our sister Donna Balor, brother Tom Ber's wife, that she can have the same report this week. I want to pray for our brother Bill Delaney that God would just touch him, strengthen him in his body. And then also be remembering uh sister Dorothy Mlard, brother Matthew Mccclard's father-in-law, brother George Buckman. He is still at AMC. Just want to pray for him that God would touch his body. And then we have a request from Sister Brenda Klene, a friend of mine from work. Her daughters uh she had uh her name is Cassie Wyatt. uh after a high-risisk pregnancy, she gave birth but started having severe pain. After the delivery, they believe she has internal bleeding. So, please keep her in prayer and her baby. Amen. How many have an unspoken request you'd like to lift up to the Lord this morning? Say, "Lord, just pass by my way." Amen. So, just reach out this morning as he passes by and he'll meet your need. Amen. And I'm going to ask brother William if he would just come lead us to the throne of grace. Amen. Let's bow our heads and our hearts. Dear sweet kind heavenly father. Lord we thank you Lord Jesus for this opportunity Lord to come and to speak to you our loving savior. Lord truly how deep the father's love is for us. that Lord, while we were yet sinners, Lord, you died for us because, Lord Jesus, we came from God and we're going to go back to God. Lord, how we thank you, Lord, for everything that you've done for us and all your blessings on our lives. Lord, we just want to offer an offering of thanksgiving, Lord. Father, we all have requests and we all have needs in our lives. But Lord, before we even bring those to you, we just want to thank you, Lord, for everything you've already done. Thank you for the miracle of another day, Lord, that we can be here, Father, in your presence to hear your word. Thank you, Lord, for protecting us this week, Lord, and all the many attacks of the enemy, but yet you many of them we may even be so unaware of, but yet in another dimension, your angels are always encamping about us. Lord, the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord. And many times we take paths that we don't understand or don't even know why we're there. But Lord, if we could only lean on the scripture, Lord, that they are ordained of the Lord. Lord, what confidence that gives us and what faith, Lord, in a father that knows all things. Lord, how we love you and we thank you for all that you do for us. We thank you that there's a blood that can cleanse us from all sin. Lord, not only cleanse us from sin, but Father, to heal us, to fill us with your Holy Spirit, Lord, that you just didn't leave it to the ways of man, but you sent your Holy Spirit to come, the very life, the very literal life of Jesus Christ to come to be working in an end time. Lord, when we live in such an age, Lord, of deceit, we live in an age of so many voices and sin all around. Yet, you have a body of believers that lives above sin. a body of believers, a spotless, a sinless bride. Lord, how we thank you, Lord, that we can live above sin, that we can live in perfection, Lord, not in the perfection of our own humanity, that you've made a way. And we thank you, Father. Lord, we lift up every prayer request to you, Lord. Those in the hospitals, Lord, and those in great need of you, Lord. We just lift them up to you, Lord, and ask that you give them a a touch. Send forth your spirit, Lord, and make a way in their situation. Lord, we thank you for the wonderful report, Lord, that we've heard for Brother Ron. And Father God, we're just going to trust you for more. Lord, have you seen each hand that was raised? We just pray that you meet each and every need. Touch the lives, Lord, behind that hand. Lead us and guide us into your word, Father. And we just ask your blessings over this service. Bless Brother Matthew as he brings forth the word. We thank you for the word that we heard last night, but Father, we ask that you anoint them a fresh, Lord, for we need a fresh word this morning. We need more of you, Lord. Lord, and we just ask that you bless him in a special way. Bless this service, Lord, for your honor and your glory. We love you and we commit this service into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Thank you, brother William. Amen. As they receive this morning's offering, we're going to have Sister Faith Miller, as she prepared to come sing for us this morning. And we'll have Sister uh Beth Robinson come sing. Amen. Maybe we sing that song as they're preparing to come receiving the offering this morning. I've decided to take a stand. Tell somebody say I decided to take a stand not believing I might lose my best friend. Oh, but I'd rather Well, I'd rather be right. There he and lift up my eyes. Walk just stay till somebody says sing it again. the line beside it to take a stand. Will he not believe me? I might lose my best friend. Will hide right through. Then you hear lift up my eyes. Oh, God's children just stay. Stay until somebody say you stand. Stand for holy day. Stand before righteousness and beyond that with me and you stay with all your [Music] grace. Oh, listen and stand again. [Music] stand righteousness this morning that should be redeemed and you stay all your friends are going when you're all alone we shall receive [Music] Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. What do you say to someone who feels like they've lost it all over the edge with no one there to break their fall? And what do you say to someone who feels so unloved giving themselves away a little bit every day just to be good enough? [Music] What do you say to a hopeless soul who can't remember their way home and everything is out of their control? There is no valley. There is no darkness. There is no sorrow greater than the grace of Jesus. There is no moment. There is no disance. There is no heartbreak. He can't take you through. So before you think that you're too lost to save, remember there is nothing greater than grace. What do you say to someone whose life is on the line and they're unsure what happens after their last breath? And what do you say to some who's built a wall you can't break through? And it's so hard for them to hear the truth. There is no valley, there is no darkness, there is no sorrow greater than the grace of Jesus. There is no moment. There is no distance. There is no heartbreak. He can't take you through. So before you think that you're too lost to save, remember there is nothing greater than grace. [Music] So don't lose hope and don't let go and don't give up and you are not alone. There is no valley. There is no darkness. There is no sorrow greater than the grace of Jesus. There is no moment. There is no distance. There is no heartbreak. He can take you through. So before you think that you're too lost to [Music] save. So before you think that you're too lost to save, remember there is nothing greater than grace. [Music] [Applause] [Music] In a deep dark cave of trouble, a soul will send in distress. Evil whispered in my ear. You'd be left for dead in the trial of my life. All I could do was cry. Then suddenly God breathed in me a second wind of tri. And I live to tell about it. I live to testify. I live to tell about him. Let God be glorified. Satan's plans to destroy me. Backfired like dynamite. Gave me a testimony. I shall live and not die. For a moment things looked hopeless. I thought I would not survive, but I live to tell about it. Yes, I live to [Music] testify. Say you did not do your homework when you chose me to harass. You see, I was a born again just yesterday. I've been tested in the past and I know just how you work. How all you do is lie. I will not be deceived. I know the way, the truth, the lies. And I live to tell about it. And I live to testify. I live to tell about him. And let God be glorified. Satan's plans to destroy me. Back out like dynamite. He gave me a testimony. I shall live and not die. For a moment things looked hopeless. I thought I would not survive, but I live to tell about it. Yes, I live to testify. saying you did not do your homework when you chose me to harass. You see, I wasn't born again just yesterday. I've been tested in the past and I know just how you work, how all you do is lie. I will not be deceived. I know the way, the truth, the life, and I live to tell about it. And I live to testify. I live to tell about him. Let God be glorified. Satan's plans to destroy me. Blackfire like dynamite. Gave me a testimony. I shall live and not die. For a moment things looked hopeless. I thought I would not survive. But I live to tell about it. Yes, I live to testify. And you live to tell about it. And you live to testify. You live to tell about him. And let God be glorified. Satan's plans to destroy you backfired like dynamite. He gave you a testimony. You shall live and not die. For a moment things looked hopeless. I thought you would not survive. But you've lived to tell about it. Yes, you've lived to testify. [Music] testify. Hallelujah. What a blessing. How about Jesus singing that song? I live to tell about it. I come up out of the grave. My, you know, sometimes a song is just right. But when the person behind it singing the song, if you knew their testimony, [Music] we lived to tell about it, didn't we, sis? Glory be to God. And why don't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Well, blessed be the name of the Lord. What a wonderful Sunday morning the Lord has given us today. Didn't we have a wonderful time in the Lord last night? My the word of the Lord was so rich and it blessed our hearts and we just uh are looking forward to what God has in store for us this morning. And we have brother Matt Watkins here. We're just asking the Lord to use him in a in a supernatural way as we know that he will. And uh we're just looking under the Lord. We want to uh um make mention we got a few uh visitors here, Brother Brian and his family. Brother Brian Walls, we just want to say God bless you. Thank you for being here. And I know this next name I'm probably going to get it wrong, brother, but I believe it's brother Dibwi uh from uh the Congo, South Africa there. So, we just want to say God bless you. You and your family. We thank you for being here today. I wish you bless you. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Let's stand this morning. Let's try to sing that song. I want your glory. I need your glory. Hallelujah. Let's get ready to invite brother Matthew. I want you to prepare your hearts. Amen. I need your glory. I want your [Applause] glory. Oh, less of me and more of you is what I [Applause] need. Show me your glory. Show me your power. Oh, less of me and more of you is what I need. I need your glory. I need your [Music] glory. I need your power. Oh, lest me more of you is what I need. Show me, show me your glory. Show me your power. All I need more is what I need. Well, so many times I stray away, rejecting your love and warm embrace. I realize I need you more and more each day. I need your glory. I need your power. Holy glory is what I need. Show me. Show me your glory. Show me your path. Oh, let's be for you is what I need. Well, so many times I stray away, rejecting your love and warm embrace. I realize I need you more and more each [Applause] day. I need your glory. I need your power. Oh, [Music] me is what I need. Can you say, "Show me. Show me your glory. Come by my way. Show me your power. Oh, me glory. It's what I need. I need I need glory. I want your holy power. Holy for you is what I need. You called the sun to rise. [Music] to rest. You hold this. Oh my. You are my free. Such an awesome God. So mighty. Oh, [Music] so such a s [Music] Jesus, who so faithful you are. Jesus, Jesus, the son. Oh [Music] God to die. Oh [Music] mighty to hold you down. [Music] for you [Music] to such an awesome God. Oh my. [Music] Oh, so such an awesome [Music] so you [Music] Oh, who reigning in [Music] holiness the table is set is set for [Music] For you are the living such a God. [Music] [Applause] Oh [Music] [Applause] yes, so [Music] generous. So thankful you are. Give him a hand for the praise of all. Yes. Isn't he awesome? Isn't he an awesome God? Oh, don't you just love that presence that you feel? My goodness. I just want to say this is what I was made for. This is what I was made to be. And man, you go out there in the world and you got the pressure of life and trouble and struggle and and work and bills and raising and family and but you know what? I don't fit in out there. But when I get in this kind of a presence, I realize this is where I came from because this is when I feel the most at home to say, Lord, if I could dissect like David said, you know, you might seek money and that might be good for you. You might have you might have sought a career and some great education and degree and hey maybe that's what fills you up. But David said one thing have I desired in my whole life and that will I seek after to dwell to live to abide in the presence of the Lord all the days of my oh how many feel that way? Lord there's one thing the world might be chasing but there's one thing I'm chasing this morning to live in that presence all the days of my life. Oh, to to to inquire of the Lord to in his temple. Amen. God bless you. Well, it's just such an honor once again to be here with you and I appreciate so much the just the presence of the Lord that we feel this morning. Amen. Believe that he has something special. Amen. I just I just hope and pray that something was said last night that would encourage you. Amen. And was able to to to to give you faith not just to stand up, but to beat that bully. That's right. Amen. My goodness. I thought if there was ever a man who gets up every single morning and beats that bully up, it's Brother Ron Spencer. Every day of his life, he gives that bully a whapon. Hallelujah. My goodness. Praise the name of the Lord. It's such an honor once again to be here with you and and I just want to say how much I've appreciated all the hospitality and fellowship and my my cup is full. Amen. If anybody's been blessed, Brother Matt has been blessed just to be here. Amen. And I just trust that you came with an empty cup this morning and you just say, "Lord, fill it back up." Amen. The Lord has just so uh stirred me this morning, even from the moment I woke up this morning and just is going to take me a direction that I'll be honest with you, I've never really preached before, preached some of these things before, but just the Lord just grabbed a hold of me. And so, normally that that'd make a preacher nervous, but I I just figure this church has got so much pull and push that I ain't got anything to be nervous about, brother Rod. Amen. So, you just pull out of God. You know, Brother Benham said that about that little woman with that blood issue. I think it's so powerful. He said, you know, that the father had shown Jesus everywhere to go, everything to do, who to heal, where to go. But did you know brother Brandham said that little woman with a blood issue the father didn't show him her? Amen. And he said that's why when she touched him he said who touched me? And the disciple says Lord you know almost Lord what do you mean everybody's touching you? Everybody's pulling on you. You see but there's something everybody can be coming to church. Everybody can come to worship and hear the preaching but there's some who touch him in a way that others can't touch him. And the and brother Brandham says, "Notice, she with her need in her life, she reached out and touched the hymn of the garment." And brother Brandham says it this way. She drew out from God what she needed from the Lord Jesus. And I believe if you've got a need this morning, you could pull out from the gift of God and say, "Lord, I've got a need. I'm going to pull it right out." I believe you you can come and meet me at my expectation this morning. Amen. The Lord can do it that way. God bless you. Uh if you have your Bible, turn to the book of Genesis, chapter 3 and then 1 Corinthians chapter 2. I'm going to preach to you and I'm going to title this sermon today when it doesn't make sense. And to be honest, this sermon don't make a lot of sense. But the Lord, I believe, has something planned. Notice here in Genesis chapter 3, very familiar scripture. And and so we just want to look at it here today and then we'll turn to 1 Corinthians chapter 2. In verse 13 says, "And the Lord God said unto the woman, what is this that thou has done?" And the woman said, "The serpent begoured me, and I did eat." The Lord God said unto the serpent, "Because thou has done this, thou art cursed above all cattle above every beast of the field. Upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shall thou eat all the days of thy life. Now, I want you to notice this is the scripture we want to draw a context from because this is actually going to be a prophecy that he's going to give a prophecy forth that would circle the earth as brother Brandham said, prophecy does, waiting for fulfillment. And he says here, "And I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed, and it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel." Now, that didn't make any sense at all to the devil. But Jesus, what the L Jehovah spoke it and said, "Here's what's going to happen. It shall," notice it again in verse 15, "it shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel." 1 Corinthians chapter 2. Before you're seated, just turn there with me and we're just going to look at what uh here in verseh five we'll begin or verse six will begin 1 Corinthians chapter 2 6. How be it we speak wisdom among them that are perfect yet not the wisdom of this world. Notice nor of the princes of this world that come to not. But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom which God ordained before the world unto our glory. You mean even before the world, our glory was already in the mind of God. The hidden wisdom, Paul says, notice it here. And he says here in verse eight, which none of the princes of this world knew, for had they known it, but he kept it from them. But here's what he says. But had they known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory. But as it is written, I hath not seen nor ear heard, neither hath it entered into the heart of man the things which God hath prepared for them that love him. But God hath revealed them unto us. Aren't you thankful by his spirit? For the spirit searchth all things, yay, the deep things of God, Lord Jesus, we just now, Lord, humble ourselves before you, Lord. And I just at this moment, God, am so aware of my own insufficiency, of my own inability, Lord. God, I'm a man who's full of mistakes and failures and fear and all kinds of things, Lord. Subject to anything that anybody in this building would be. Maybe that's why you called it the foolishness of preaching, Lord, that you would take a man who was just like anybody else, Lord. But if I could yield and surrender myself in such a way, Lord, and these people could look beyond that that veil of flesh, Lord, and they could hear from you, then Lord, there would be edification to the very heart and soul of people. I pray, God, that you would take the words of my mouth, Lord, as I just become subservient now to your spirit. I ask you, God, just simply to take complete control of this service. We pray. Grant it, Lord. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And you can be seated. You just bear with me as I try to find my place here and and and just begin to just pour my heart out as I'm ministering today on when it doesn't make sense. You know, you could we'll come back to this here in just a moment, but many times you read uh in the Bible of many men and their life, it didn't always make sense to everybody. In fact, most of the time, Brother Brandon said that real true men of God are some of the most misunderstood men in the whole world. Brother Brandon said that about his own ministry and said, "I will be one of the most under under misunderstood person. One of the most misunder misunderstood people sometimes is the family of God because many times God gives us a promise and it's never the struggle with us is never the promise that God gives us and believing what he said but the struggle comes sometimes when we look in the mirror and we see our own self and then we look at the promise and we think Lord this ain't matching up too well. I know what you said about me. I know what you've promised me Lord. I know what you said in your word and I want to say, Lord, I'm a believer with all of my heart. I believe every word of it, God. But sometimes I'm looking at my own incapability and my own insufficiency. And be honest with you, sometimes some of the struggles that that you have. And you know, one day you just feel like you're on top of the world and you you you're serving God and you're on fire. And man, sometimes if you'd be honest, you can get so low in your life and you're questioning if you were ever even called in the first place. And I believe for every believer, this is the struggle that we all live in in our own life. That we know beyond a shadow of a doubt that we have passed from death unto life. We know beyond a shadow of a doubt that God's word is true, that God is real, that God's a keeper of his word. But sometimes we face circumstances in our life and situations and it just doesn't make a lot of sense. Doesn't make a lot of sense. You think of I think of men like Joseph and here God gives him a dream and you know here was this dream and you could think my has this coat of many colors and and you can see the you know the wheat that was bowing to all of those things that God had given him. Now here was the promise here was the vision. Here's what God was bringing him to. But yet now he's thrown into a pit. He's forsaken by his own brothers. And you could think that God even if you look at Joseph's life from the moment that God makes the promise. Now if you look at the beginning, you've got the promise. If you look at the end, you got Joseph who's who's who's exalted on the throne. But it wasn't the struggle wasn't what going to be the middle or the beginning of the dream or the ending of the finality. But the struggle would come in what happens in the middle. And you see the greatest struggle of our life will never be believing the word of God. Friends, we won't struggle at all on that day of translation when our bodies are changed. But the struggle comes not with how much we believe the word of God. Not how much of we believe that we're a believer, but when we look at our own self and we look at our own mistakes and we I I wish somebody be honest with me here today. When we look at our own self and then we look at the word and we say, "Lord, I got to be honest. I don't I don't always line up. I don't always match up. It doesn't always make sense." But you see, this is the way that God ordained it from the very beginning of time. I want to take just a moment, and it may seem mixed up, and I'm just trusting the Lord to put it together, but it's amazing because this is actually the way that God intended it from the very beginning that God was going to take fallen, this was what was in his in his mind the entire time, that God was going to bring strength out of weakness. He was going to bring beauty out of ashes. He was going to bring splendor from the ruins. And God would need it to get to such a ruined state and destroyed state before he can bring restoration. Sometimes things got to get worse before it can ever get better. And sometimes it gets so dark and so so so so uh hopeless in your own life that you look and think, I think it's just impossible. I'll never make it. I I'll never get there. And you think of how many times you could think of this story, but this is the way that God ordained it that he would take our own humanity. And it was in his desire. It begins with he begins here and he says, I I want there to be a I want he tells Moses, I want you to make a house. I he says so that I may dwell among them. You see, this was the condition of Eden. Eden was a Eden was man's perfect environment. It was a place that was without trouble. Listen, Adam never had any depression. He didn't even know what it was about. In fact, he didn't even know what it was what what it meant to be fearful until he until he fell into sin. Then he says, "I was afraid, so I hid myself." But I want you to notice here that that condition of Eden actually was and I just want to say something this morning. I want you to think of Eden as not so much a place, though we know it was, but it was actually more than that. It was a condition that brother Brandham referred to in Christ as the mystery of God revealed of the three-fold purpose that God would eventually have a restored Eden. But it would it mean that we would go back to a literal place somewhere in Africa, Egypt, or wherever they say that it is? No, my brother, my sister. But it was actually God was going to create Eden which was I just want to say this for a moment was was an atmosphere. Eden was an environment. It's what God created man to live in. Oh, I I know you know this all too well, but every single time that God would create a creation, anything he would make, he would first make the environment for that creation to live in. Right? Before he made the fish, he first made the water because the water was not going the fish was not going to be for the water, but the water was going to be for the fish. And so every time before God ever made the creation, he would first make the environment that that creation was going to live in the water. Notice before he makes the plants, he makes first the soil for the plant to live in. Because before God planted the plant, it first had to have the condition or the atmosphere for that plant to live in. Is that simple enough for you? And so the plant, the earth was not the the plant was not made for the earth, but the earth was made for the plant. When he was creating stars, before he ever created the first star, he first made the firmament because the firmament was going to be what held the star. Can I say it this way? It would be the firmament that would allow the star to be a star. And so if he didn't have the firmament, he could never shine. The fish couldn't be the fish without the water. The plant could not be the plant. I hope you're catching it here today. God put so much emphasis on the atmosphere or the environment that he said without the atmosphere or the environment that creation can never live. Let me say it this way to you, my brother, my sister. Fish must have the water in order to live. Plants must have the soil in order to bloom or to blossom. Stars must have the firmament. And man must have Eden. Right. It was the atmosphere for man to be who God really created him to be in the original mind of God. Who man really was the perfect image of Jo. That's what Adam was, the perfect man image of God. But do you know what happens when you take the fish out of the water? He might breathe for a little while and his gills might move for a little while and he looks like he's flopping around in the boat like the crapp he was the other day. But if you keep him out of the water long enough, he'll eventually die. And what happens to the plants when you remove him from the earth? It might you might put it in a vase, sister, that brother got you. And you might put it on the window seal, but after a while, removed from the soil, eventually those pedals begin to fall and those arms begin to lower and that plant eventually dies. Why? It's nothing wrong with the abna. It's nothing wrong with God, nothing wrong with his program, but you've now removed that plant from his created intended position. And now he can't live anymore. What happens to the star when you remove him from the firmament, brother? He becomes a falling star or a comet, a meteor and he just literally destroys himself. And can I just say what happens to men? And women of God when you take them out of the presence of God, the atmosphere they were originally made to live in. Right? They might have they might have big muscles and they might have a big boisterous voice, but if they don't live in Eden in the presence of God, they become nothing more than a destroyer. They'll destroy a home. They'll destroy a marriage. They'll destroy a family. Because when you take that man out of how he was created to be in Eden, he becomes a falling star, a destroyer. When you remove him from the atmosphere that he was created to live in, which was the presence of God, he short circuits. He malfunctions because he was made to live in the environment of God because man was created to be the inhabitor or the house of God to live in. Right? And so notice this here because this was originally uh in the plan of God for man to be the temple of God. You know, brother Brandon says that actually that man was created to be he why did it have to be this Ephesian age? I know you know the quote so well. Why did it have to be so? Why was it that the seed of the serpent must come this way? Because man was created for God. Man, listen to this. Was to be the temple of God. The place of God's rest. He says, "What house will you build me and what will be the place of my rest?" And so, notice this is what the vision was. It was what God was working towards that man was to be the temple. It's what brother Adam says. I believe that God in the Garden of Eden before the Garden of Eden, I believe God knew the end from the beginning. Aren't you glad to know that? I believe he's not aimlessly making it up. He's not there just as he goes and, you know, ringing his hands out and oh, COVID happened. What am I going to do now? What's the next disease going to come? You know, just listen friends. God is not r God is not aimlessly trying to figure this thing out. He's not just waited and watched. I wonder I'll try this and see what happens. If that don't work, I'll I'll go to plan B. And if there's no plan B, listen, I want you to go ahead and put it in your mind. There ain't no plan B. There ain't no plan C. There ain't no plan D. There's a plan A. And you're part of that plan. And God will perform that plan in your life the very same way. He's seen it before you ever breathe your first breath. It doesn't matter what happens in the middle. God will get you from the beginning because my Bible says he is not just the author, he is the finisher. And he will finish what he starts. I'm so glad to know that there's been so many times in my life when it didn't make a lot of sense. When when God's plan for my own life wasn't adding up to me. I'll be honest with you. God's servants don't always have it all figured out. Go ahead and let the cat out of the bag and we don't always understand it. God's prophets don't even understand everything all the time. Many times you go through things and battles in your life and it just doesn't make sense. I was telling brother Andrew and the Lord just inspired me to to to to give this here in 2013 in August. Never forget the day I woke up in the middle of the night to use the restroom sometime in the morning. Wee hours of the morning, not sure what time it was. Got up out of bed and the only way I can say it is the next thing I know I thought I was out of bed, but I was on the ground. I could feel the carpet and I was trying to come to myself and not realizing what what what's happened? Why am I on the ground? And I I remember I'll never forget I turned over and I just looked up in the room and and I seen the whole room was just spinning just like a like a merrygoround. Everything was going round and around and I thought I thought for a moment started crying out to the Lord. I thought I was having a heart attack. Thought I was dying. I couldn't speak and it just paralyzed me and and I it became so strong I I blacked out. Just blacked out from it. Not really know what was going on. And I remember I woke up and I was just in a sweat all over my body and I and I just crawled around and I kept looking and the room was still spinning. I crawled off to the couch and I uh I laid there and I just passed out just blacked out and and and I woke up the next morning and and and it was and I remember opening my eyes and and my wife coming to the couch there and and she's asking, "Why are you on the couch?" And I just I just had and I opened my eyes and everything was moving. I could hear in my right ear just a rush just like you put your ear in a in a in a sea shell and you could just hear the roar of the ocean. That's all it was was just a roar. And I thought my and I told her I said I don't know what's happening. I got you know some kind of ear infection or something in my in my ear. I I can't I'm dizzy. I can't hardly walk. And I could I mean couldn't even hardly get my balance and tried to stand up and I fell right back down. And so we just begin to call the doctor there at our church, brother, and he's talking to me. I know you probably got, you know, all kinds of, you know, he named all kinds of things it could be. And man, I first thing I did was I'd heard all about those ear candles. And man, I went and got me one. And buddy, let me tell you, things came out of my ear I never would have imagined. How could that possibly fit in that ear? Don't mean to gross you out, just telling you the truth. And I and I was trying everything to get that ear, you know, to just to to fix. I couldn't figure it out. And the brother came over, looked at me, he says, "Yeah, your boy, your ear is clean." I said, "Yeah, I know." He said, "Man, that's whistly clean." And and so he says, "Well, brother Matt, it's probably nothing. You know, you just uh" he said, "It's probably ear infection and some kind." And so, but as the day went on, it was got worse. And it was that weekend that we was having their special meetings with brother Donnie Reagan there at our church. And it was a meeting was supposed to start that night. And I remember I the next day had woken up. And man, it just seemed like it went from bad to worse. And and I just I just there in that moment couldn't hardly get up. And and I and I tried standing up and I couldn't. Tried to walk couldn't. But I wanted to go to church so bad. I thought I'm not going to miss out on these meetings. So my my dad, my brothers, I think it was, came over and picked me up and I had had to be helped and put me in the car and and took me to church and laid me down in the back sound booth where nobody could see me. I just wanted to be in church so bad. Remember going up to that the end of that service and they took me up there and and laid hands on me. Brother Donnie prayed for me and and the brothers there and and and I just remember, you know, that Monday going to the doctor and and it just it seemed like, man, it went from bad to worse. And and that Monday morning, I went to the ENT to find out what's what's really going on. And so he brings me into the aiologist said, "First thing we're going to do is a hearing test on you." And and he and he takes me into that room. If you ever had a hearing test before and you got that little clicker, how many's ever had one of those? And uh Okay, good. We got some got some people know what I'm talking about. And uh and so he so he you know they bring you in in the left ear and I'm clicking clicking click and click and you hear the click click click and he says we're going to test your right ear now and came into my right ear. Nothing nothing or nothing. I thought he didn't start it. He opened the door and he he just had a real somber look. He said you didn't you didn't hear none of that. I said no sir. He said all right I'm going to go loud loud as I can. Let's do it again. Did it again. nothing. And uh he came back and he said, "All right, Mr. Watkins, let's come with me. Follow me. We'll go to the office." Took me back there and I'll never forget when that Dr. Christian walked in and he said he said, "Mr. Watkins, I got good news and I got bad news. Which one you want first?" I said, "Give me the bad." And he said, "Well," he said, "you have what affects 6,000 US citizens every single year. It's an idiopathic disease. Idiopathic. Think of the word ignorant because that's what it means. That they're ignorant of why it happens. don't know, don't have a clue. They theorize what it might be. And he said, "It's an idiopathic disease called sudden sensurial hearing loss, sudden deafness." And he said, and he said, "The bad news is," he says that some people can re can we can actually give them steroids and you could you could get your hearing back. And and he said, "But you're you're I want to tell you." He said, "You're" He said, "The the the problem is," he says, "we don't know why, but whenever there's more than 40 dB of loss," and he said, "Whenever there's more than 40 dB and vertigo associated with it," he said, "there ain't there ain't nobody that's ever got their hearing back. None at all." He said, "There's no," in his words, he said, "there was no statistic for a recovery." He said, "I hate to tell you, he said, your hearing is more than 80 dB loss. You have no hearing. you're bilaterally deaf and you will be the rest of your life. And he said, and he said, "And that's a terrible news." And he said, "You you'll struggle socially to be in places where people are talking in loud environments." And and he said, "You know, life will be in it'll be a big adjustment for you." He said, "You you can do rehabilitation to to for your walking and your vertigo." And I had what they call benign positional vertigo. And and he said, "That will that'll go away." And he says, 'But probably the tenitus you'll have for, you know, and and he said, 'Th that's all you'll have. You won't have no hearing. He said, 'I just want to be straight with you and tell you.' And he said, 'But people can live a mostly normal life, that's the good news, you know, with bilateral hearing. He said, if you ever feel sorry for yourself, just come to my office. I'll show you people that ain't got no hearing at all. Amazing to feel sorry for yourself till you see somebody worse. And and he said, "And I hate to tell you that." He said, "But I ain't got no no better news, nothing I can do to help you." He said, "You know, we'd give you a hearing aid, but there ain't nothing to amplify." He said, "I'm sorry to tell you that." He said, "You'll never get any hearing back." He said, "For 30 days, we'll discharge you. We can put you on a course of steroids if you want, but really," he said, "there's nothing we can do. You know, we'll be be back in checkup for," and I think it was in three weeks. Boy, I tell you what, life can change like that. And you won't believe the attack of the devil, the enemy in my mind. I'll never forget the nights that I I I'd laid there on the couch with the vertigo so bad, couldn't walk and couldn't hear anything. And I'd go into rooms and and he said, "One of the things you'll lose is sound localization. It takes two ears to be able to locate sound." and my phone could ring right beside me, but if I my eyes didn't see it, I could have been in two rooms. I didn't know where it was. I have to come into the house and Rachel, she'd have to tell me what room she's in when she'd talk because I couldn't tell. I just heard a voice. And and I tell you what, friends, sometimes it don't make sense. Sometimes it don't make sense at all. You think, why? Well, Lord, what did I do? Why did this happen? What's taking place in my life? And what? And you start to go back over all your steps and you turn over every stone and Lord, where why where did I miss you? What did I do? Why is this happening? Why? You know why? Why, Lord? Why? Why? You know what's so sad is that so many people, they ask the question why? And there's nothing wrong with asking the question why. But a lot of people, let me say it this way, they die in the why. And they never go beyond the why. And I let me say this friends, I have watched people go through the very same thing, the very same uh problem, the very same sickness, the very same disease. And I have watched people who have went through the same exact battles. And I've watched one that has gotten better. And I've watched one who's gotten bitter. It is not what happens. You cannot control what comes to your life. You can You don't ask for it. You don't sign up for it. There's only one thing you have the decision to make is what will you do with the trials and troubles and struggles that come in your life. You will either go up or you will go down. And I had a choice to make. What am I going to do with this in my life? I remember laying there on the couch and and and it was just such a struggle and couldn't hear. tried to go and went with my family somewhere to eat and and just got so discouraged with my with my brothers, my mom and dad. I just to take me home. I couldn't hear anything anybody was saying and if we was any kind of room where people would talk, I couldn't hear nothing and try to people would speak to me and I didn't know who it was talking to me. I'd have to look eye I I I and make see who's looking at me to know who was speaking to me. It's just horrible. And I tell you what, it was it was such a I I I never forget that moment of laying there and I and but yet something inside of me I I just I just I just be begin just very very very very small. Wasn't very large. On the outside it was a lot of fear, a lot of doubt, a lot of worry, a lot of struggle. But way down deep on the inside there was just a belief. Oh yeah. And sometimes all you got is just something so small. And we had meetings later and Brother Tim, Brother Timothy actually came through and preached for us and and and laid hands on me and prayed for me. And I'll never forget about one week later actually it was two days later after that service. I just began to conf I was laying on my couch. It was on a Tuesday. It was on a Wednesday night. I couldn't go to church and I I was laying there and a brother had had called had had called me and and I'd helped them their church used to do this years and years ago help churches with some streaming they were trying to do and so I'd helped them set up some things for their little church to have some stream and that brother had texted me not knowing what I went through and he said, "Brother Maddie said, I'm not sure. You're probably in church. We're having an issue. Is there any way you'd get on our our stream and and try to figure out what's going on?" I was not at church. I was at home and so so I'm trying to pull it up and I'm laying there and I friends I'll just be honest with you. I was so low. I was so down. I I I just was I just couldn't hardly be encouraged at all. And and I just turned on that that service. And right when I turned it on, the pastor was already at the pull pit and he and his first words he says he says, "Now you all know the brother." And he named the brother in his church. And he said, "You know that brother really well." And he said, you know, he's not apt to be a, you know, uh, fanatical about things. And he said he he had given me a piece of paper and he said about a month ago and he said it was written something that the Lord had given him and just supernaturally and and he and he said and he and he just gave it to me and said, "Brother, I just Lord gave me this inspired told me to give it to you." And he said, "So I read it about a month ago and he said, "I didn't know what it meant and Lord, I don't know what it who's it for. Is it for me?" sort of thinking it was maybe for me somewhere it makes sense in my life. And he says, "But this evening that brother came to my office and said, "Brother," he said, "that's not for you. The Lord told me you've got to read that note and you got to read it tonight in this service." And he said, "So whoever you are, listen up because it's for you, buddy." My one ear was listening really good. And I never forget the words he said to so take this from the Lord. And he said, "Just take it from God." He began to read something that means so much to me. I don't have it here. I could quote the whole thing, but he began to say and it and it said, "When you don't understand the Lord's," and he said, "When you don't understand the Lord's path for your life and it doesn't make sense to you and when it doesn't add up to you and you want to give up and you want to give in and you want to run away, just wait. Be patient. Don't doubt. Don't fret. God is moving. Only wait." That's right. And that may sound like nothing to you, but buddy, let me tell you something. That stirred my heart from the deepest part in the part of my soul. I said, "Lord, I believe that was from you. I'm going to take it. I My wife got home and I was balling." And she said, "What's wrong and what happened?" I said, "No, no, the I said, "I'm happy." I said, and I told her, "Oh, what happened?" And she said, "I I don't even have words to describe this." She said, "Do you know that that's the very same almost identical verbatim?" She said, "I put that on the refrigerator about a week ago, and the Lord told me it was going to be for somebody." And she began to read it. And it was like reading back. That man didn't read that. But God had so lined up the two thoughts and the inspiration to say, "God is moving. God is moving. Don't move. Just be still. Only wait." And it doesn't always make sense, but sometimes that's what God's wanting us to do is just wait. Don't get in a hurry. God's not in a hurry. And I laid there on that couch and I I woke up the next day and something had changed. Wasn't sure what it was, but I thought something's a little different. I knew something had came back. Now, they had already told me, "You'd never hear again. you're going to be bilaterally deaf the rest of your life. My follow-up visit was about 3 days later and every single day I knew it was getting better. And I begin to testify to our church. I testified to my family. I said, "I don't know what God's doing. I don't know. I Here's what I know. He's doing something. I may not be able to understand it all, but I do know this. He's busy whether I see him. He's working whether I feel him. He's moving. Whether I hear from him. Hallelujah. And I went back to that doctor, same exact doctor, Dr. Christian. I walked in there and I'll never forget that that lady the look on that lady's face. She says, "Now, Mr. Watkins, I'm sorry. We have to do another test on." I said, "No, no, no, no. I want to do the test." She said, "Okay. Oh, well, you come right in." And she took me into that aiologist and he said, "No, it's procedure we got." I said, "No, no, no. I I want to do it." He said, "Okay, okay. Go on in." And he had my test results from before left ear is clicking, clicking, clicking. And I'll never forget sitting there waiting. I said, "Lord, now I believe with all of my heart that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever." And when doctors say it's impossible, Lord, I believe that all things as you told Abraham is anything too hard for the Lord. And he said, "Mr. Watkins, we're going to test your right ear now." I said, "Okay, go ahead." And it wasn't like the left ear, but I heard it. Beep click beep click beep click beep click. That guy opened that door. He said you heard that. I said yes sir. He said that was dead accurate. He said I'm I'm going to do that again. Can we I want to test your He says I want to tell you. They do a test. It's called your discrim. And he said I want to give you 20 words. He said he said Mr. Watkins if you can hear any of them. And he said, "Even if you don't get the word right, say whatever you hear." I got out of 20 words, 18 of 20 I got right. [Applause] Glory. Hallelujah. I walked back and he he came into the room. He busted in. He said, "You got to come with me. Dr. Christian ain't going to know." He said, "I just want to tell you right now." He said, "He ain't going to know what to say." I said, "All right." I came back to that room. I'll never forget when he opened that door, he had his clipboard, he threw it on the table. He said, "Buddy," he said, "Mr. Watkins," he said, "I just want to tell you, you prove me wrong. You prove the whole world wrong." He said, "I don't have a word to to make sense out of this." And he says, "But I I Hallelujah." He said, "I can't describe what's happened. and all I can tell you is that you've got 40 dB back in your right ear than you had when you came here 3 weeks ago. And he said, you know, he said, I don't want to give you false hope. You know, your your right ear ain't like your left ear. I said, I want to say you didn't give me any hope. He said, I could put a hearing aid in you right now. You'd hear like anybody else. Let me tell you something, my brother and my sister. I believe that God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. What he starts, he will finish. [Applause] Hallelujah. I went maybe a month later. It was about six months later in Phoenix. I was doing free aiologist test there for a in a Cabela. I was in Cabelas looking for some stuff and they had a hearing and the lady looked at me said you're too young to have hearing loss. I said no. I I told her what I had. So she said, "Why do you want to retest?" I said, "Well, I believe my hearings got better." And she looked at me so crooked. She said, "A hear a sudden sension of hearing loss? You don't get hearing back?" I said, "Well, I just want to tell you I believe it's gotten us six months later." I said, "I believe it's I got 40 dB dB back." She said, "You did?" I said, "Yeah, I could tell she didn't believe me." So, he said, "All right, come in the booth." So, she starts testing me and she's testing and she came on there. She opened that door. She said, "Mr. Watkins, show me your last hearing. Where was your last hearing result at?" I told her where the the right ear, the low frequenc. She says, "There's about 25 more decimals than you're saying you had the last time. What's impossible with man is possible with God. Glory. But I tell you what, in the midst of that, in the middle of that, now I my hearing ain't perfect on my right ear, but I want to tell you, I believe that God's not a starter. He's a finisher of what he started. I believe God is going to give me back 100% of my hearing in my right ear. You believe that with me? Glory. But I tell you that it didn't make sense in the middle of that trial, going through that struggle. It didn't make sense to me. Lord, why is this happening? What's what's taking place in my life? I don't understand. You begin to question everything, Lord. What did I do? Why did Why did this happen? Lord, you know, that's the first thing we always do with suffering. We don't understand. Why does it happen? Why am I going through this, Lord? Why must I suffer? And we so quickly forget what brother Brandham taught us in the Samian church age. And I'll give you the words of a prophet. He said, "The church that isn't struggling. The church that doesn't have problems. The church that doesn't have trouble hasn't got it. It isn't even of God." So my brother, my sister, let me tell you, don't you question when you have struggles and you have trials and you have suffering. It is the proof that God is with you. It is the proof that God has put his sign of approval upon your life. Sometimes the very things you think disqualify you are the very things that qualify you to be a son or daughter of God. Your failure in your life is not final. I said your mistake in your life is not the end of the story. But God has put something in you. Hallelujah. [Applause] And we struggle with this question. Why must I suffer this way? Brother Brandham says he's left a measure of suffering for every age. No age is exempt. Because character is not a a a gift, but character is a victory. And there can't be a victory without a battle. And so God ordained it this way. It was the very way. Even, you know, you even look at, you know, Job in the Bible. Look at the Apostle Paul. Can I just take a moment here? Just the Lord just led me this way. And so, Lord, I'm going to I'm going to go that way. Is that all right? Can I just say, and I hope you don't misunderstand me. Can I say to you today that I believe that there's a Holy Ghost school school? Yeah. I believe there's a Holy Ghost school with a curriculum, with a principal of dean, you want to call it that. I believe there's a Holy Ghost school and it consists of saints down through the ages who have suffered greatly in their life, tossed to and fro, tempted, tested, tried, mistreated. The Bible speaks of this in the book of Philippians. It says that Paul says that I may know him in the power of his resurrection. Oh, and a thousand hands went up and said that I may know him in the power. But can you keep going? And in the fellowship of his sufferings. I like that, brother Ron. You know, a fellowship sort of sounds like a school, like a club you're part of. Man, I'm in a fellowship of what? of suffering. That's what Paul said. The fellowship of his sufferings to be made conformable unto his death. It's a fellowship of suffering, deep, mysterious, unfathomable, sometimes trials, sometimes testing. And let me say that to you today that this is a school that Jesus himself set up. and he made the curriculum. And let me say to you that Jesus proved it is possible to go through the very gates of hell in your life and come out on the other side more than a conqueror in Christ Jesus. He proved that you too can graduate as an overcomer of this world. Jesus suffered, let me say it to you this way. Jesus suffered, you think, oh, he suffered on a cross. Yes, he did. But let me go further than that. He suffered mental anguish. He suffered physical pain. He was rejected. He was to He knew what rejection felt like. I tell you what, that's a powerful That's a powerful emotion that Satan can afflict you and wound you in your life is rejection. And you may say, "I don't deal with that. I I don't even know what that." Well, you might not, but let me tell you something. That's what they deal with, and they can't fight your battles, and you can't fight their battle. So, don't try to compare your trial with somebody else. So, I can't relate to that person who struggles with that or struggles with this cuz I don't struggle. But let me tell you something, brother. You can't be me and I can't be you. And I've got to be who God ordained me with because let me say it this way. You will never slay your Goliath using another man's slingshot. God gave you a slingshot to slay the enemy that he put in your life. And your test and your trial may be totally different than mine. But I say in the words of a prophet, be who you are. Be who God made you and we'll all score the touchdown and we'll go home after a while. I can't live your life and you can't live mine. And I've realized a long time ago there will be people who go through things that I cannot relate with. But I'll go through things they have no way of relating to. But I want to tell you who can. Brother Brandham said, "And how do I overcome?" Jesus suffered every temptation man could suffer. Everything you could ever go through, he suffered it in his human body. Think of anything. Put anything in that bucket of suffering. You can call it any temptation. I don't care what it is. I don't care how low. I don't care how grievous you think. My goodness, could a a person good, you go that low and you, brother Matt, you know what they did? You know what they you know what they struggled with? I mean, goodness gracious, how could they be a, you know, a son of God or daughter of God? Let me give you the words of the Apostle Paul. Of such were some of you, but you hath he cleansed, but you hath he washed. I think if we've received grace, how much more should we give grace to others? that brother, I may not understand it, but I want to tell you the same God who brought me through my trial and me through my test will bring you on the other side of that trial victorious. He suffered mental anguish. He was distrusted. He was abused. He was laughed at. He was mocked. He knew what it felt to be lonely. He knew what it felt to be hungry. Do you know Jesus felt the pain that we some of you will never feel hunger but he was hungry? He was lonely. He was unloved. He was shamed. He was he was made fun of. He was called a liar. He was called a fraud. He knew what it meant to be talked about and be ridiculed. And God allowed him to not open his mouth to defend himself. Can I preach to you here just for a moment? He knew what it was like for his most to trusted friends. Even his own family misunderstood his life. You know Jesus had brothers. And you know that none of his family and his earthly ministry accepted his ministry until he was crucified on the cross until God revealed his glory in him. His own family, his own family, his mother said, "What? You know, where are you? Don't you know we've been looking for you? He knew what it was like to to have his most trusted friends lose faith in him. His own disciples forsook him and fled. Even one denied that he knew him. And finally, you say, "How much did the suffering go that far?" Finally, they spat on him. Could you imagine being spit upon? They spit on him. They slapped him. They pulled at his beard. Oh, they they they they mocked him. And you know what they did? Then they murdered him. So brother Bam says there they there the most religious city of that day. They the most holy people, religious people, crucified the most awful death him the most precious gift of life God ever gave. But you know what? God announced beforehand by the mouth of the prophets that Jesus should suffer in Acts 3:1 18. So Jesus could sympathize with every suffering, with every hurt because he went through it himself. For we do not have a high priest, the Bible says, who cannot be touched by the feelings. We have a high priest who cannot sympathize with our weakness. But we have one who has been tempted in all ways and all manners. And he's a he is a high priest who can be touched by the feelings of our infirmities. Aren't you thankful for that? Even the apostle Paul suffered in such a way and he feared that they would misunderstand it. He writes letters through Timothy and and even in the the the book the book of Acts, he tells the Bible says, "For he's a chosen vessel unto me to bear my name before the Gentiles and the kings and the children of Israel. for I will show unto him great things that he must suffer for my name's sake you think of men like Job didn't make any sense to him you know why would it happen in the way here was Job a man who feared God a shooty evil lived for the Lord making sacrifice for his children God gave him seven beautiful children a wife a home cattle sheep oxen lands his manner and c very very uh prosperous man and here was Job just going about his normal life. He He didn't He wasn't forewarned. Uh he he wasn't God didn't Let me tell you what you will never find in your Bible. You will never find God coming to Job and saying, "Hey, Job, listen up. I just want to warn you. You're about to go through things, buddy, that you are not going to understand. I'm going to have to take you through some things. You're going to lose your children, going to lose your house, going to lose your wife, lose everything that's going to boils come over all of your body. But I just want you to know, Joe, before it ever happens, just make sure you know it's me. It's me, Job. Don't worry. Don't fret. I've got a plan. I'm the one doing it. You won't find that in your Bible. But the Bible says Job was just going about his normal everyday life, just serving the Lord, living for the Lord. And little did he know in another dimension that he couldn't see, that he couldn't hear, that he couldn't feel, that he had no connection with, his name came up before the throne of God. And God was so proud of Job. He was so proud of him. Satan says going, "Where you been? Going to and fro seeking, you know, going into all the earth." And God says, "Have you considered my servant Job?" Oh yeah, Job. Job's just like anybody else. You know, they'll serve you as long as things are going good and long as they got money in the bank. As long as there's no sickness in the home and long as their children are all right, man, they'll serve you. You got to hedge around them. But, but you take that thing away. I I got Job will curse you to your face. God says, "All right, go ahead." Notice, I want you to realize this. Job was never forewarned. He was never told. He wasn't privy to the conversation. You see in life sometimes all we get is one side of the story. But I want to tell you there is always, brother Brandham said, no matter how thin you slice it, there is always two sides to every story. But in Job's life, he never got the other side. He only had one side. It's sort of like a phone call that you hear and you only hear one side of the conversation. You don't know what's going on, but you hear one side of the conversation, you know. Uh hello. Uh yeah. Oh, congratulations. Congratulations. How much does it weigh? Oh, is it beautiful? Do you love it? Oh my. Is it diesel or fuel injected? You see, you only in life sometimes get one side of the story. And hearing only one side, you can have a complete mystery. and guess what it is, think what it is. And sometimes that's how our life is. We wonder why has it happened? It must be because of this, must be because of that. And yet God has a purpose in all of it. Let me say it again. God has a purpose in every part of your life. Everything that happens in the middle, he has a part that has been ordained for you to play out. That's why then in John chapter nine, the disciples looked at that man who was born blind and said the first thing they said, "Oh Lord, why was this man born blind?" The first thing they go to wasn't his daddy. His daddy sinned, right? No, his mother, his mama. Surely there couldn't be. They could the Jews couldn't understand how could a man who was a man of God, called of God, chosen of God, suffer in such a way. And the first thing their carnal mind goes to is sin. Why was he born blind? Was it his mother? Was it his father? I love the words and the answer to Jesus. Jesus said, "Neither was it his mother or his father." That's not why he was born blind. But here's why he was born blind. That the works of God might be made manifest in his life. You know what that tells me? There is nothing you can go through in your life. There is nothing you can suffer in your life that doesn't have this one purpose that the work of God. The glory of God might be made manifest in your life. You ought to take thanks to God and say nothing I can go through. It's all for one purpose for the glory of God in my life. Job didn't know. I can imagine his life. He didn't know. His friends come to him. They said, "Job, why is it happening?" You imagine. And one day, trouble starts coming. Seven children dead, tornado dead. Imagine how bitter that mother must have become. Can sympathize with her in some ways. He didn't know. And here he comes. And there's these friends. You know, sometimes some of those friends, they ain't friends at all. And for 30 chapters, come on, Job. What'd you do? Come on, fess up, Job. Come on, Job. Tell us what happened. We'll still love you. It'll be okay. Go ahead. Spill it out. Go ahead, Job. Surely no man of God could ever go through these kind of things, man. Look at you. your your children's dead. Uh uh your your wife to you know has has told you to forsake God and curse God and die. You call yourself a pastor. Can't even have your own family in order. Look at your children. Look at your wife. So amazing how quickly people go to the carnal things and they think that that disqualifies you because of that. Sometimes some of the most qualified people, let me say it this way, you ought to hang out with people, not people who have all the better roses and everything's went good in their life and they've just had it all. Some of the best people you could put yourself around are people who have went through some of the darkest test and trials and struggles and troubles, but have came out on the other side with a testimony and a faith still in their heart to serve God. How? Come on, Job. Tell us what happened. Come on, Job. 30 chapters they go on the circle. You know what the problem was? Is that Job didn't know why. He couldn't give him an answer. Because to even to him, he didn't understand it. Why is it taking place? He could search his heart. He could search his life and he didn't understand, Lord, why is this taking place? He didn't have an answer. And he got to such a place you could go read the words of Job. He got to such a place to where he don't sound much like a believer. Job 18, he starts to say, "Why was I even born? It had been better for me to never breathe the first breath. Why must I come into this world?" That suffering had got to such a place in his life. And let me just say it this way. It wasn't making sense to Job. Wasn't making sense. How could I? How could that happen? Lord, he gets to such a spiritual amnesia in his own life. He's saying, "God, am I your enemy? You charge me with your bow. You attack me, Lord. You You come at me." He says, "As a warrior comes at his enemy." And he's all in a mess. And he doesn't know. He didn't know that in another dimension there was a challenge that was made over his life. He didn't know that all the while all the suffering that God was working out something in his life that God was putting something in him that would be used as a weapon and as a tool later on in his life because my Bible says that he lived I think 140 years and the Bible says he had grandchildren after this is after his his suffering. You imagine how many times brother Ron Job sat down for 140 years. I wonder if he ever dealt with families who had went through loss, had lost children. Wonder if he had ever went through mothers. I wonder how many times he could sit down and testify and tell them about the troubles that he had in his own life and be his life be an encouragement to those who were struggling and suffering. God took 140 years and he used that testimony to tear the lies of the devil's kingdom down in people's life. He took the very thing that God meant to destroy him. He took the very thing he meant to be his wiping out and he used it for 140 years to testify about a living God, a God, a redeemer who is still alive. But now notice he's he's he's struggling. Lord, why? You know what God does? So powerful. I want you to notice this here in in Job. If you got your Bible, turn to Job chapter 40. Job chapter 40. Don't you worry. I am watching my clock close. Sister Sirius ain't much of a sister. She ain't much of a good one. Job gets to such a place in his life, it's not making sense. And so God says, "All right, Job." Angels are saying, "Lord, you got to do something. You got to do something. Look at him, Lord. I mean, come on. C can he go much further? Can you push him much further? How much further can he go? Lord, it's been years and years. Look at all the struggling." You know, I could imagine the angels are almost wondering, goodness, isn't this isn't this far enough? I mean, God says, "Okay, I got this. I'm I'm going to talk to him. I'm going to talk to him." You know what God does? God does something that doesn't make any sense at all. He sits Job down. And I want to I want to show you something maybe you never read in your Bible. I know I hadn't read it before I studied this. Didn't even know it was in my Bible. I want to read you something I guarantee you most of you didn't even know was there. He tells Job, he says, "Job," here's Job in all, he's all in a struggle in a cloud over his life. He says, "Job, I want you to think about something, okay, God?" And he says here in in in chap Job chapter 40, and God is going to give him two animals that he wants him to consider. A hippopotamus. Did you say that right, Brother Matt? Yeah. a hippo. He says he gives him a hippopotamus and a crocodile. Now, these are not just your normal hippopotamus or your crocodile, but actually, if you go look this up, these were like prehistoric dinosaurs is what you'd call them a dinosaur. Wasn't a normal hippo. But the Bible calls him in verse 15, look at it together, a bohemoth. He says, "Behold now, Bohemoth." Bohemoth. God, what are you angels got to be thinking? What? Where are you going with this? A a a hippopotonomous. Just hold on, guys. Hold on. Stay with me. Behold now the hippo bohemoth. Think about him. Job. Think about him. He eateth grass as an ox. Lo, now his strength is in his loins, and his forth is in the navl of his belly. He moveth his tail like a cedar. The senur of his stones are wrapped together. His bones are as strong pieces of brass. His bones are like bars of iron. He is the chief of the ways of God. He that made him can make his sword to approach unto him. Surely the mountains, notice verse 21, he lith under the shady tree, and the covert of the reeds, the shady trees cover him with their shadow, with the willowbrooks can pass him. Behold, he drinkketh up a river and hates us not. He trusted he could draw up the Jordan into his mouth. Notice this here. He's showing the power, the brute might, the force of this monster. He's saying, "Job, I want you to think about this monster." And he says, "Okay, I'm not done there. Go to Job chapter 41. I want you to consider now Leviathan like a prehistoric crocodile." Have you thought about the Leviathan, Job, here for a moment? And he says, "Can you draw I got a question for you, Job. Can you draw out Leviathan with a hook or his tongue with a cord which thou let us down? Can you put a hook through his nose and bore his jaw through with a thorn? Will he make you think God can't be sarcastic? I got it right here in Job chapter 41. Can you put a hook in his nose? Will he make supplications unto you? Will he speak soft words unto you? Will he make a covenant with you? Well, thou take him for a servant. Come on, somebody. Go put your hand on that crocodile. Go ahead. Go try it. Put your hand on that hippopotamus. The hippopotamus kills more people in Africa than any lion ever could. And that crocodile, he says, go ahead, Job. Let me ask you, he says in verse five, I got it further. Will you play with him as with a bird? Or will you bind him for thy maidens? Shall the companions make a banquet of him? Shall they part him among the merchants? Can you fill his skin with barbed irons or his head with fish spears? And then he says, "Lay thy hand upon him. Remember the battle." What's he trying to get Job to see? Job, I want to tell you that there are monsters that will come in your life. And if you try to wrestle with the monster, it will destroy you. Job, you will die in the Y. If you try to tangle with that behemoth, I want you to know Job, he says, I will not notice here in in verse in verse 8, behold the hope of him is in vain. Shall not one be cast down even at the sight of him so fierce. Who can discover verse 13 the face of his garment? Who can open verse 14 the face of his door? His teeth are terrible. His scales are his pride shut up together as with a close seal. One is so near to another that no air can come between them. They are joined one to another. What's God doing? He's detailing this that Job, this is a monster. You will face a monster in your life. And Job, I want to tell you like many other people who have tried to wrestle and wrestle. Why must I go through this? Why did this happen to me? And Job, I want you to know, if you try to fight him on your own, he will he will eat you up. He will spit you out. He'll leave you bitter. Come on, somebody. He'll leave you broke. He'll leave you angry. He'll leave you with malice. He'll make your heart so hateful if you try to wrestle. But I got news for you, Job. I created the alligator. I created the hippopotamus. And I want you to know today, Job. I am the God of your monsters. And you can't fight him, Job. But I am the God who can put a hook in the nose of Leviathan. I can put a cord upon his neck. I can make him obey me. Hallelujah. I'm the God of your monsters, Job. And when it doesn't make sense, I've always got a plan for your life. Why does God let troubles come? God puts pits in his mouth, makes it obey him. And those trials make us closer to the Lord Jesus. Satan doesn't realize this that everything he attacks us with in the plan of God only brings us closer to the purpose that God had in our life. Doesn't always make sense. Can I go to five more minutes? Doesn't always make sense. Okay, Siri, what you got to say? Okay, thank you. Got a little bit more time. Even she says I do. Doesn't always make sense to jump. Why did it happen? You know, this is what Satan couldn't understand. You find this in the Bible. Every time God's family, you will always find one principle. God's army was always outnumbered. All right. They was always out, always outsourced, always out want more swords to go to battle, they always was less. God was always moving them towards something. You think even the temple that he moves them towards. And the first, if you could go to the first slide, the first here's a tabernacle of great beauty. And God says, Moses, build me a house, a tabernacle. Look at how grand it is. Look at how large it is with the inner court, the outer court, the holiest place. And God says, this is this isn't my vision. Now I want you to notice that's a wonderful thing. But I want God I want you to know God's saying this is not my final thought. This is not my final mature. This is not my final step. But this is a step in the right direction because prior heaven had been closed. Man had been cut off. So God creates this house and he's moving towards something called a temple. Jews are looking for it today the third temple to be restored. But here was the first. And notice it's grand. It's granduous. says splendor. But God says Moses created and now God starts that connection. But then he moves from that connection and he goes and we know that that temple doesn't stay there. But David desired to build a house for the Lord. But God says you can't. You're a man of war. So uh that he he gives him the next temple and that's Solomon's temple. You could advance it. That's Solom this is this is Solomon's temple. I want to make sure I pull it up here correctly. And notice this here. This was a of great glory, of great splendor. Go to I think it's the Let me Let me make sure before you advance it here. I got it right on my side. Yes. Go to the next one. This is just a modern-day rendition of it. Beauty, glory. You could think of the grandeur, but I want you to notice one important attribute. It was smaller. It had gotten a little bit smaller, but the beauty and the glory of Solomon's house was like none other, the Bible says. So though it was smaller, the glory yet was greater. It was further a further step towards his original plan. And Solomon's beauties, you know, the prayer there that Solomon prays and says, "God, come and come and fill this house." And the Bible says that the Holy Ghost, the presence of God, the shakina came down and and filled up the house. And but let me just let me just say this, my brother, my sister, that that might be beautiful. And you might think, all the splendor and all the glory and all the gold and man, all the all the all the splendor and the the the, you know, the colors and the ruby and the carbuncle and the onyx and the sapphire and the barrel and all of the emerald and all of the curtains and all of the scarlet and all of the linen. Man, it was just so beautiful on the outside. But can I ask you a question? What was the real beauty of the temple? Let me ask you it in a different way. If you removed the presence of God, then what beauty was it really? Do you realize what we would have if you'd have all of the all of this all of the signets and all of the gold and all of the all of the, you know, onx and barrel and the pillars and the outer? If you took the shikina glory out of the midst of the inner court, then what did you have? You had a good dress code. You had good rules of dos and don'ts. You had a good outward picture. Listen friends, do we realize when we remove the presence of God, as brother Brandham said that Israel, if you remove the presence of God from Israel, they were just like any other nation. You took the presence and the anointing of God out of Samson, he was like any other man. And brother Brandham says, "And if you remove the presence of God from the church, it is just a name of a church with the name of God attached to it." I say we ought to have the presence of the living God moving amongst us. That is the glory of God. That is the splendor. That is the glory. Some people might call a, you know, success, you know, oh wow, the outward beauty. Some people say, "Oh, a successful man is a man who's got $10,000 in his in his savings account. He's got the greatest house and largest home." And you know, that's so amazing to me. I've always found with people, they will always chase after what they call success, but it's all what you deem successful. And I've watched people who think, oh, you know, a good dad, a successful dad is a dad who raises his kids to be doctors and lawyers. Hey, I'm not picking on any of that, man. But, you know, a good successful, you know, I've seen it in pride in men. You know, I'm a successful, you know, when my wife has a 10 karat diamond ring on her hand, somehow that's a reflection of the man's worth or his self by the ring that she has. I'm not against a big ring, sister. Don't you worry. But some people call that the success. They think that a successful home is a big great big home with, you know, all kinds of, you know, uh, uh, you know, splendor and grandeur and the nicest neighborhood and gated communities and, you know, success is when I'm driving that whatever you call it that that I won't even start to name cars, but you know, that that that nice vehicle and, you know, I got 10 of them and man, I I'll really be successful then. You know, they chase after that. You got churches who they think success is when they're, you know, they're breaking down the walls and building all kinds of great big buildings and they got all kinds of programs and oh boy, we've really hit it when we got a coffee shop and the vestibule and we got coffee better than Starbucks. And hey, listen friends, sometimes I don't feel sorry for them cuz sometimes the coffee is better than the sermon. And sometimes if all they can get is a good donut and good coffee, then hey, more power to them. But that's what some people call success. You know, successful church is a church where, you know, we we got a great big old praise band and everybody's got mohawks and hoes with jeans with holes in them and and you know, a preacher who can so eloquent graduated with, you know, from Dallas Theological Seminarian, man, he can quote the Greek and you know, six languages and he's a scholar. Hey, they call that successful. That's what they look at as the outward appearance of success. And so you know what they do? They create programs. They create culture. They create a church. They pick the ve the best man, the finest speaker, the best music, the best musicians. I mean, some of them playing in a rock band on Friday night and in the church band on Sunday morning. It don't matter. So long as you can perform. And that's what they call successful. Oh, but can I just tell you that that's not what I call successful? Can I tell you that I believe a successful father and mother is when my children know the Lord Jesus. And when I serve him, I could say, "What do I call a successful home?" Is a home with the presence of God. When I come home, I may not have much. I may not have great splendor things, but I've got an atmosphere of the Holy Ghost in my home. I call a successful home, a home that has peace and unity and love and harmony and love one with another. [Applause] And I say a successful church ain't a church with the best of the best, but it's got the presence of God moving in the seats, moving in the aisles, the liberty of the Holy Ghost, the power of God to back up his word. That's a successful church. You might only have a tambourine, but if you got the presence of God, brother, you may not be able to sing. You may not be able to make all you can do is make a joyful noise. But let the redeemed of the Lord say so this morning. God was moving towards his vision. He's moving towards his purpose. Notice it gets smaller even beyond that. Go to the next slide. Here was Haggi's temple. You know this story very well in Babylon. And they come back. But I want you to notice it gets so small that even the old time the old folks sorry to call them that but the previous generation they look at that temple and say you call that a temple. You call that a revival man you should have seen it in my days. you should have seen we was in church six days a week and morning Sunday and they always looked back to yesterday and then they started you go read your Bible they started criticizing the the the the church the temple because it was smaller but what they couldn't see it wasn't making sense to them but though it was smaller yet it was greater and Hagi comes to them and says don't despise the day of small things for the glory of this latter house shall be greater than the former. And I want you to know that's a promise of God that it may look like more people. You say, "Oh, brother Matt, this message people have walking away and they're walking away. We're smaller than we've ever been." Yeah, brother. But let me tell you something. The glory, the quantity may not be greater, but the quality of the atmosphere, the quality of faith, the quality when you get all the unbelievers out of the room, then Jesus can do something special. And the glory of God is greater. The building may be smaller, but the power is greater than it's ever been before. The glory of this house shall be greater than the former. [Music] Hallelujah. He's moving towards something. He moves on down to Herod's temple. And oh, it looks great. God's taking another step to the next temple. And the whole time the devil's watching this, you remember that? He's not understanding. It's a temple. It's a house. It's a It's a It's a dwelling place. It's a tabernacle. It's a sanctuary. He's trying to figure this out. What's God doing here? Shine of Glory's dwelling, moving. He doesn't know it because it's getting smaller. Doesn't look as pretty. Doesn't look as nice, not as splendorous. He doesn't know it, but the glory is getting greater and greater as God's taking another step towards his plan. And he moves all the way down until he comes to the next temple. Hallelujah. And Jesus says, "I tell you that in this place there is one greater than the temple." Because now what was it? The Bible says there was no beauty that we should desire him. He was calmly, meek, lonely. The devil don't make no sense. Move from here to here to here. And now he comes to fallen humanity. That Jesus would literally become sin. The devil couldn't understand this. It was a mystery to him. Because we remember we read about it. Had the princes of this world knew it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory. Had they known that God had a plan, as Paul said, the hidden wisdom, the plan of redemption was hidden from the minds of man. It was hidden from the devil because God was moving towards victory the entire time. And though it looked like a great defeat on Calvary, little did the devil know, had he known that at the death of Jesus, my children, your children would go free, your body would be healed, it would bring salvation, it would bring deliverance. Little had he known that, he'd have never crucified the Lord. But God blinded him. You know how he blinded him? The devil has no capacity to understand self sacrifice. his pride would keep him from that. So he couldn't understand Jesus, God, Elohim. That's why the devil said, "Hey, where does this man get his authority?" Even the demons wondered, "Who is he? He speaks with such authority." Oh, and it was a mystery to Satan, this next temple that he had. But yet even it was the very plan of redemption that God was going to take the very thing self-sacrifice and a man is there no greater love than a man would lay down his life but Satan couldn't understand this and within the humanity I want you to catch this within the humanity and the weakness that he himself would become sin do you know that that's why the brazen serpent was was put in the wilderness when they had snake bite. And so what' God do? He raised up a pole and he put a snake upon it. What was that snake representing? Sin judged. I'm going to tell you what it represented. Christ on a cross. Sin judged. And when they looked to that snake on that brazen serpent, it brought healing from snake bite. What was it going to be? It was going to heal. I hope you catch this today. that Jesus becoming a man might have seemed mysterious him becoming sin but with that becoming of sin and with that humanity and Jesus that he came with the seed of God inside of brother Brandon said he took a blood cell wrapped his life that Zoe segene life of God took an egg took a sperm and said wrapped that took that blood cell put it inside of Mary and listen friends he was more than a man but yet he was a man he what brother Brandham said it this way he was God the God man. He was all the prophets was. He was the prophets plus. He was man plus. You know this is a powerful story. I love this so much. I'm going to close right here. I promise. I promise I'm closing. Feel that fresh breath of I felt it come in the room. Notice here. This is what Jesus was like. Go ahead and go to the next slide. This is a story of the Trojan horse. You know the story, very famous troll and you know the story. I won't go into it too much in detail. But they didn't know, the Greeks didn't know when they were accepting this Trojan horse. They thought it was a great gift. But little did they know the mystery was not what was on the outside. The mystery was what was locked on the seed inside of it. Satan looks at you and he doesn't understand how you can be the bloodwashed virgin uh bought bride of Jesus Christ because he sees our outside. He sees our mistakes. He sees our failures. What he doesn't know is the mystery is not what you see on the outside. The mystery is what's on the inside. Hallelujah. And I may not look like an overcomer, but I promise you there's a seed inside of me that can possess the gates of my enemy. God knows what he put inside of you, brother, sister. He had so much confidence that he put the seed of God inside your life. And he didn't know when he was accepting this Trojan horse that it would actually be his undoing. You see, the devil didn't know that by killing Jesus would then take Jesus, God Almighty, and it would remove him from this earthly dimension and he would descend down into hell into the demons and the regions of the lost. And brother Baron says just of that story, they didn't know. You go to the next, they didn't know that night that inside of that Trojan horse when all the men were drinking and drunk and partying, oh, we've won the battle. Then a little door opened on the bottom of that horse. And inside of that harmless looking Jesus, harmless looking man that was meek and lowly. Yet what they didn't see is that the mighty warrior, the Lord of hosts, the captain of the Lord's army was hidden inside of that weak humanity. Brother Brandon says it this way. He says, "He descends down into hell." Can we follow him just for a moment? Here he goes. Where did he go to? Notice this is when he was in the grave. When his body was laying there in the grave. The Bible says that he goes and he preached to those who repented not in the long-suffering days of Noah. And the the brother brother Brandon said it this way that his soul is spirited as theophony of his own went down. And he says, "Oh, just let's follow him just for a moment if we could. You don't have this. That's all right. Just below the regions." Oh, you do good. Just below the regions of the mortal being lays the realm of demon power. Below that, just above that lays the souls of the unjust. Below it lays the very domain of Satan, hell. Then just above that lays the Holy Spirit. Then under the altar lays the souls of the just men. The next is God himself. One going downward, one going upward. The two spirits are here on earth influencing the people of this earth. And when Jesus died, he goes up down there. I can see him on that Friday afternoon. I love this. On his death, brother Brandham knocks on the door of the regions of the lost. Let's follow him just for a moment. The door opens. There was women was men, young ladies, were old. They were all together in that hideous place called the prison of the lost souls. But in that mournful place there, Jesus walked to the door and everything had to witness that he was the son of God because they had been preached to the longsuffering days of Noah. Knocks at the door said, "I am the one who Enoch spoke of. I am the seed of the woman that was to bruise." Ah, so now the devil didn't know this. This was a hidden wisdom that it would actually be I love this. I don't want to preach before I get to my point. It would actually be the bruising of the head would be the headship of the devil that he had over our life would be stripped at Calvary. Though it would bruise his foot, meaning the humanity of Jesus. But in the bruising or the slaying of the lamb would release the life of the blood of the lamb that would come back on the worshipper and the believer would be free of the grip of the headship of the devil. Oh, what a plan God had. Brother Benham says, "Oh, I am the seed of the woman that was to bruise. Every word of God has been fulfilled. I've just died yonder at Calvary and have purchased my church. I'm the one that Enoch spoke of. I am he and they was without mercy, without hope because they transgressed and the door was shut in their face on down to the regions of demons on down to the very gates of hell. And he knocks at the door." Notice this. This is when he was in the tomb. His body waiting, the resurrection. Notice on the outside it looked like he wasn't doing anything. Oh my brother, my sister, sometimes it looks like he's just laying in a tomb and nothing's happening in your life. Little do you know, he's fighting devils for you. He's destroying the devil out of your life. It may look like nothing's happening, but God, the mighty conqueror is slaying the enemy. And he knocks, he says, waiting for the resurrection. Notice and he says he visited the places. Let's go to the next slide. He says he knock he knocks. Brother Brandham knocks. So, you know, I just happen to believe, brother Ron, that you know, it's just me. Take it or leave it. I happen to believe that when Jesus knocked on the door of hell, it wasn't no neighborly, you know, nice neighborly knock. I believe it's more like the police. Not a friendly knock, brother Matt. He knocks at the door of hell. when he did the devil come out and I could hear him say, "Oh, oh, so finally you arrived. I thought I had you when I killed Abel." You see, when that seed was promised in the Garden of Eden, the devil has constantly tried to destroy that seed. And the death of Abel, the coming of Seth was just a death, burial, and resurrection of Christ. The seed must continue. And he tried to destroy it. Said, "I thought I had you when I destroyed Abel. I thought I had you when I destroyed the prophets. I was positive I had you when I beheaded John. But now after all you I've you've arrived. I got you now. Oh, you talk about a bully. I can hear him say, "Satan, come here." Sort of like your daddy when you're ming up in church. She looked at you. I can hear him say, "Satan, come here. He's boss now." Reaches and grabs the keys of death and hell off his side. Hung it on his side. I want to serve you. Notice on you. You've been a bluff long enough. Satan, I am the virgin born son of the living God. And my blood is still wet on the cross and the full debt has been paid. Oh, you have no rights no more. You are stripped. Give me those keys. Satan didn't know it when he crucified Jesus. It would be the unloosing of all of God's family, of all of God's children. The curse would be broken over their lives. That's right. Turns around, gives him a good old healthy kick, slams the door, and says, "Stay in there. I'm boss from now on." You see, the devil didn't know that what he meant for evil, God used for his glory. The devil doesn't know that every time he attacks you, it's only going to bring you closer. Listen, friends, the devil didn't know when he put Ron Spencer through a fire and thought he'd burn his body and take him out of this world. He didn't know that he'd be breathing fire for the rest of his life and every sermon he would preach would be a knockout punch to the devil. And every time he opened his mouth and began to preach, he didn't know when he gave him cancer what he was going to deal with. The very thing that he said to destroy him has been his undoing. I say every time you stand up, brother Ron, and get out of bed, that's a knockout punch to the devil. Every time you stand behind this desk and preach, it's a victory for the kingdom of God. [Applause] Got to close. I promise. Right here. I'm not going to be a li preacher. Here he starts up. It's getting Easter. But oh, there's another group. Wait a minute. What about Job? Who's Abraham? What about Sarah? What about Ezekiel? What about those? I love how brother Adam says that those who faithfully went to their grave believing, those who trusted God with his word, men like Job, let me tell you something about Job. What you will not find in your Bible is you will never find God after the trial. You will never find God explaining to Job why it happened. You say, "Brother Matt, surely somewhere Job 40, Job 41, somewhere God comes down and and eventually gives him the other side of the story and tells him here's why he went through. He went his entire life with one side of the story." And many times in your life, it doesn't make sense because all you've ever had was why did that happen? Why did that take place? Why was I born there? Why did why was my daddy this way? Why was my mama this way? Why did that happen to my child? Why did that happen to my dad? And you go through those life with your questions. And sometimes in life, I'm thankful sometimes God gives me the answer. But other times, God doesn't speak. And Job goes his entire life not knowing why. He goes to his grave. With this faith, I know that my redeemer liveth. Job got to the place, oh, I just feel like preaching this here. He got to the place and he said, "I I I go forward and he's not there. I go backwards and he's not there. I go to look left and I can't perceive him. I can't see him anywhere. I'm looking. What was he saying? I'm trying to find God's hand in all of this." And I just, Brother Matt, to be honest, I can't I can't understand why God I've tried to make sense of it. I've tried to figure it out. I look left and it's not there. I look right, I look up, I look down. And Job got to the place to where he was so bewildered because he couldn't see God. But you know what? A revelation finally struck his heart and he said, "But here's what I know. He knoweth the way that I take." In other words, I may not see him, but he sees me. And I know that when he has tried me, I'll come forth as pure gold. And brother says, "Where is Job? Where is Abraham? Where's those that trusted God? Did death annihilate them? Did he forget about them? Was it all over? Was it all over? Oh, I can see them. Let's take a little peep into paradise and look over there. I can hear God come to the door. Now, this door, this knock was not a a banging. It was a very, I believe, very gentle knock like a neighbor coming to your door. And brother Brandham says, Abraham says, Sarah, did you hear that? I did. Go see who's at the door. Abraham walks over to the door. I could imagine as he opens that door and his eyes got about that big. Sarah, Sarah, Sarah, Sarah, that's that's you. That's the one who met me under the oak tree that day. That's the one who gave me that promise that day. I can see Abraham about that time. He says, "Honey, look here. That's the very same one that stood with me. Just then I see Daniel stand up and Daniel stood up and said, "No, no, no, Abraham. That that's the one that was the rock that was heuned out of the mountain just as certain as I'm standing here." About that time, here was Ezekiel and said, "No, boys. That's not him. That's him coming. That's the wheel in the middle of the wheel that I seen." About that time, Shadrach says, "Oh, no, brothers. You got it all wrong. That's the fourth man that was in the fire." Daniel says, "No, sir. That was the man who showed up in the lion's den. But about that time, I love how Brother Brandham says this. I see Job raise up. And you can imagine the feeling of looking into the eyes of his redeemer because now he had the other side of the story. And every question he ever asked, let me tell you, my brother, my sister, every question you've ever had in your life, one day you're going to get an answer to. You may go this entire life never having the answer on this side, but one day there's coming a reckoning day when it'll wipe all tears away from your eyes, and it will all make sense on that day. Oh, and my brother, my sister, let me say, notice Daniel said he was this. Job said he was this. Abraham said he was this. Notice to each one of them, Brother Ron, he was someone different, yet he was the same God. Oh, on that day, you say, "Brother Matt, what will you do when you see him? I I know this. I don't have a clue what I'll do, but I promise you this. I'm going to be shouting. I don't know if I'll scream. I don't know if I'll Some of you have never moved an inch in your life. I promise you won't be able to be still on that day. Some people who's never raised your voice, you won't be able to contain it. It'll be like a thunder coming out of your soul. And he'll be something. He might be someone totally different to you than he is to me. But he'll be my redeemer. He'll be my healer. He'll be my savior. He'll be our brother. Oh, and brother Brandham says Jesus says, "Yes, brothers. It is me. I'm the one who you waited for. I'm the one who you died in expectation and in faith with. I'm the one. And brother Random ends it this way. Let's go up. Oh, I love that. I just want to preach it today and say, "This world ain't got nothing on me. It ain't got nothing here for me. It ain't got nothing here but trouble and trial and tribulation. But one day, coming very soon, I'm going to take my flight out of this dimension, out of this world of pain and stress and and disease and sickness. One day we'll put our foot over on the head of that devil that's bothered us and bothered our children and attacked our body. One day we'll get the victory over that devil. Oh, are you looking forward to that day, my brother, my sister? Are you looking forward to that day? That day when it will all make sense. Bow your heads with me. Musicians, could you come? I just feel to close this way and I'll turn it back over. Maybe you're here today and you could so relate to this and say, "Brother Matt, I've had things happen in my life and got to be honest, it hasn't always made sense. Like you, I've asked questions, very same questions in my life. Why did it happen? What? What did I do wrong? Where did I go wrong? What decision could I have made that would have made it different? And now I'm living living with the consequence of that choice. What could I do, brother Matt? It doesn't make sense to me why why this is I I know that I love the Lord. I I know that I want him in all parts of my life. I know that I believe his word. But if I'd be honest here today, sometimes it just doesn't make sense. Sometimes I question and I'm like Job. Sometimes I I don't have the answers to all my questions. And sometimes I spend the night spend the middle of the night, the devil will come and attack me and begin to attack my mind and whisper and put thoughts in my ear. [Music] And sometimes I just got to be honest. I don't have it all figured out. I know I'm a believer, but uh I don't always understand. But today, I want to be able to raise my hand and say it this way. Lord, though I may not see you, though I may not feel you, though I may not be able to hear you, though you may seem a million miles away, I want you to know, Lord, I still believe in you. I still trust you. I still long for you. Lord, I still give you every part of my life. Every question of my life, I lay it down right now. I don't want to die in the why. I want to have an assurance like Job. I want to be able to I have a faith that says though I may not understand my father what might seem like a cruel fate. I'm not going to move. I'm not going to I'm not going to be hasty. I'm It's only God, I'm going to wait. How many can say that today? Lord, help me to wait on the fulfillment of your promise. Lord, don't let me get discouraged and weary and welloing. Don't let me faint, Lord God, and trying to serve you, Lord. But today, I I just want to raise my hand and say, "Lord, I'm in need of a fresh surge of the Holy Spirit in my life. I'm in need of a fresh breeze of Calvary to blow over my soul once again, Lord. Oh, come and make it fresh. Come and make it real one more time in my life, oh God. Lord, may those questions, the monsters of that bohemoth and that Leviathan, Lord, that would want to destroy our life. May we know today that you are the creator of every trial, every test, every trouble, everything that we can go through. You have ordained it for our life. And you know what you're doing with our life. And you will make all things beautiful in your time. If only we would wait on you. Granted, Lord Jesus, I pray I pray for each one. And I wonder if you just would put your hand over on that one beside you. We draw strength one from another and say, "Lord, help my brother. Help my sister when it doesn't make sense. When we don't have all the answers, Lord, I pray you'd come and be an encouragement to them. Come and minister, Lord. Send ministering spirits to them. God, lift them up. I pray, oh God. May an anointing, a fresh anointing, Lord, God, of joy sweep over their soul. May a fresh anointing of strength and endurance and patience. Oh, have you heard about the patience, the perseverance of Job? He went his whole life not knowing. But I'm going to tell you what, my brother, my sister, he had a hundred years to tell the testimony that God had not only did Job get his children, he got grandchildren. Not only did he get his cattle, he got more cattle than he had. Everything he lost, God restored it back double and triplefold. And God's here to tell you tonight, everything that you might have lost in this life, just hold on. God's going to restore it tenfold in your life. Oh Jesus, every hand up, every eye closed. Lord God, we look to you now. You are our strength. You are our refuge. You are our hope. Oh, you're our mighty tower, strong tower that the righteous run into and are saved. David says, "Magnify the Lord with me. I will boast in the Lord. I my his praise will continually be upon my mouth. Lord, we praise you. We worship you. You're the God who gives. You're the God who takes. You're the God who blesses. You're the God who anoints. You're the God who encourages. You're a friend. You're a redeemer. You're a savior. You are a defender. You are a shepherd. You are a kind, loving heavenly father. Oh, and I'm looking forward to that day when I will crown you king of kings and lord of lords. My God, my God, God almighty. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you [Music] Jesus. Giants fall when you stand undefeated. Every battle you won. I am who you say I am. You crown me with confidence. I am seated in the heavenly place of defeating with the one who has conquered it all. You are my champion and you are my champion. Giants fall when you stand undefeated. Every battle you won. I am who you say I am. You crown me with confidence in the heavenly [Music] place with the one who has conered it all. Hallelujah. At this time, we're going to we're going to open up this altar for anybody that wants to have prayer this morning. because it don't make sense. But a lot of people are suffering and there is a God that knows the names of your monsters. Won't you come to this [Music] altar? You are my [Music] champion. Giants fall when you stand undefeated. Every battle you won, I am who you say I am. You crown me with [Music] my in the heavenly place undefeated with the one who has conquered the home. I tried so hard. I tried so hard to see it. Took me so long to believe it. You choose someone like me. Oh, to carry my victory. [Music] could never end. What we [Music] don't you take the broken. You raise him to [Music] glory. You are my champion. Lights fall you stand undefeated. Every battle you are. I am who you say I am. You crown me with God. [Music] defeated with the [Music] coner. There is power in the name of Jesus. [Music] There is power in the name of Jesus. And there is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Oh, break every chain. Oh, break every chain. And there's an army [Music] rise up. There's an army that is rising up. There's an army that's rising up. Oh, to break every chain. Oh, break every chain. Oh, break every chain. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. Lord to break every chain. Break every chain. Oh, break every chain. Oh, there's a bride and she's rising up. Oh, there she [Music] is. Oh, there she is riseing up. Oh, break every chain. Break every chain. Oh, break every chain. To break every chain. Oh, break every chain. Oh, break every chain. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. There's an awesome God among us. There's an awesome God among us. There's an awesome [Music] God. Break every chain. Break every chain. Break every chain. You were the word in the beginning. One with God the Lord most high. Your hidden glory and creation now revealed in you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. Oh nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. for the name of [Applause] Jesus. You didn't want heaven without us. So Jesus, you brought hell now. My sin was great. Your love was greater. Oh, what could save us now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. your name, oh Jesus Christ, my king. What a wonderful name is. Oh, nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. Oh, the name of Jesus. Death could not hold you. The veil torn before you. You silence the most of sing and oh the heavens are roaring. Oh the praise of your glory. For you are raised to life again. For you have no right and you have no equal. Oh now and forever God you reign. Yes. Yours is the kingom and yours is the glory. For yours is the name of all name. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. [Music] The name of Jesus. What a powerful name. Oh, nothing can stand. What a powerful [Music] name. Oh Jesus. sister with me. [Music] Hallelujah. Just keep worshiping the Lord just now in the name of Jesus Christ. [Music] Bless you. and keep you. Oh, make his face shine upon you. Be gracious to you. The Lord's turn is on face for you and give you the Lord bless you. The Lord bless you and keep you. Oh, make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord's turning will face toward you and give you peace. [Applause] [Music] Amen. [Music] Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Oh man. [Music] Amen. Lord bless you. [Music] Lord bless [Music] you and keep [Music] you. Will make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you. The Lord's turn is all face toward you and [Music] you peace. Why? Amen. [Music] [Music] Oh, [Music] amen. Amen. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. May his presence go before you and behind you and beside you, all around you and within you. He is with you. is with you in the morning, in the evening, in your coming and you're going in your weeping and rejoicing. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He's for you. You are amen. Oh. [Music] Amen. [Music] Amen. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. May his presence go before you and behind you and beside you, all around you and within you. He is with you. is with you in the morning, in the evening, in your coming, and you're going, and you're weing and rejoicing. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. He is for you. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] May his favor be upon you in a thousand. How many wants his favor? Generations and your family and your children. in the building and their children. Get your children and their children. May his favor be upon you and a thousand generations and your family and your children and their children and their children. May his presence go before you and behind you and beside you, all around you and within you. He is with you. He is with you. In the morning, in the evening, in your coming and you're going, in your weeping and rejoicing, he is for you. He is for you. He is for you. Go ahead right there, receive it. He is for you. Hallelujah. He's for you. There he [Music] [Applause] is. Amen. [Music] Amen. [Music] I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] I am a child from God. Well, I'm no longer a slave to [Music] fear. I am a child of God. Oh, from my mother's womb. You have covered me. It's called my name. been born again into your family. Your love flows through my veins. Well, I'm no longer slave to fear. [Music] here. When I'm no longer a slave to fear, I am a child of God. [Music] Only [Music] believe that all things are possible if you [Music] only believe. only believe. [Music] If you [Music] only believe that all things are possible if you are in Oh Jesus is here. Oh my Jesus is [Applause] [Music] here. All things are possible. King Jesus is here. Oh Jesus. Oh [Music] Jesus in here. Oh things are possible. Oh Jesus receive. Oh Lord I receive. Oh Lord, I receive that all things are hosting. Oh, oh Lord, I receive. Oh Lord, I receive. Oh Lord, I receive. All things are [Applause] possible. Oh Lord [Music] God was lying there. People all were weeping. He just laughed at Jesus when he said she's only sleeping. As he took her by the hand, she began to live again. So began to praise the Lord. The song began to sing. Oh, he's in the house. Oh, death has to flee. Oh, now there is light where darkness used to be. Oh, now there is more. Oh, there's no more doubt. Oh, praise his [Music] name. Oh, he's in the house. [Music] We were like that little girl dead in all our sins till Jesus touched his heart and [Music] [Applause] mless day there's a the sh for all to see that in this [Music] house. Oh, now there is where to be. Oh, now there is more. Oh, there's no more. Oh, praise his name. For he's in the house. Oh, he's in the house. Oh, death it has to be. Oh, now there is light where darkness it used to be. Oh, now there it's Oh, there's no more town. I praise his holy name cuz he's in the house. We were like that little girl dead in all our sins that Jesus touched his heart. Gave me life with me. I'm just a house away. There is a resurrection day. There's a light to shine to me for all to see that he's in the house. Oh, death has to free. Oh, now there is a life. [Music] Praise him. Praise the face of God. Cover me. Oh, cover me. Just cover me. In peace, my God, just cover [Music] me. Oh, through the storms, oh come with the peace of God. Lift your voice. [Music] Oh, [Music] for God. [Music] For only you I am [Applause] safe. For only you I'm secure. Oh, only you I find peace. [Music] Oh, cover me when I am hurting. Oh, cover me when I'm not strong. Oh, cover me when I am going through the storm. Oh, cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. The past is all I [Music] understand. Oh, cover [Applause] [Music] me. Oh, cover me. Oh, peace of God just cover me. Oh, cover me, Lord Jesus. Just cover me, Lord God. Oh, please God, just [Applause] [Music] Oh, what a plan. [Music] Oh my [Music] god. I've lost some good friends long last way. of one's heart in heaven to stay. But thank God I didn't lose everything. I've lost faith in people who said they care. In the time of my crisis, they were never there. But in my disappointment, in my season of pain, oh, one thing never wavered. Oh, one thing never change. that I never lost my hope. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Oh, and I never lost my my [Music] joy. Oh, I never lost my faith. Oh, but most of I never lost my bra. Well, I've let some blessings slip away. When I lost my focus and went a Thank God I didn't lose everything. [Music] I lost [Music] positions that were so dear. If I lost some battles are walking in fear. But in the midst of my struggles. Oh, in the season of my pain. Well, one thing never wavered, one thing never changed. And I never lost my anybody in here testify to that. And I didn't lose my hope when I looked like I was going to give it up. I didn't lose my joy. Come on, somebody. I went through some stuff, but I did not lose my faith. I never lost my faith. Oh, so I never lost my praise. I never lost I never lost my hope. Oh, I never lost my hope. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Oh, I never lost my joy. Lord. Oh, I never lost my faith. Oh, but most but most of all, I never lost my praise. One more time, let's sing it. I never lost I never lost it. I never lost it. Oh, hallelujah. I never lost my joy. Anybody want to sing about the joy you didn't lose? Come on, somebody. What about the faith you didn't lose? I never lost my faith. Oh, but most of all, I never lost my praise. Give the Lord praise in the house of God. Hallelujah. Every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Oh to our God. Oh glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah one more time. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing God my savior. God my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God, my savior. God, my Come on, somebody. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing [Music] hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Oh, glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah. It's to our God every praise. Come on one more time. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Come on somebody sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise. Every praise is to our God. God my savior. God my God my deliverer. Come on shout it out. God my my savior. God my healer, God might deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God [Music] my God my [Music] healer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. When it don't make sense, God is my savior. When it don't make sense, he's my healer. When it don't make sense, he's my deliverer. Yes, he is. Look at your neighbor and say, "Yes, he is." Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. My goodness, what a God that we're serving. When it don't make sense, Brother Vernon, he shows up. My, what a heavenly place we're standing in. Brother Matthew, God richly bless you, my brother. Godly. Bless you. We had originally scheduled brother Matthew in December and uh just didn't work out for things on his end. So we we looked at a few different dates and this this weekend just had to be the weekend. It had to be the weekend. You couldn't come in December. It wasn't anything on your end. Almighty God knew exactly what he was doing. And Full Gospel Lighthouse is appreciative of the gift that God has placed in Brother Watkins. Amen. Why don't we give Brother Matthew just a hand offering tonight? Amen. Almighty God has graced us this weekend with his presence. Now, some of you may have saw some of y'all may have saw a tall, good-looking dude from South Carolina, and you probably was right in that. But what I saw was none other than King Jesus. I kept looking. I said, "I know you're in there. I know you're in there, Lord." I saw him today. I was like those running on the road to Dmus. I was with him. I stood that close with him. Full Gospel Lighthouse, do you recognize what has happened this weekend? It don't even make sense. But you're going to stand up to that bully and things are going to be different. You might be just a little bitty wash woman, but it don't make sense. But God's going to use somebody to stand up to that devil. and he's just so happened to choose you in this hour to stand up. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Well, that was his first time, but that won't be his last. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My full gospel lighthouse, we have been blessed by some of the best ministry around the world. You know, you can look as brother Matthew, brother Matthew was so wonderfully taking us through at all the things. You can look at their ortors and their speakers. They have some great points, but they ain't got nothing like this message has got. In five minutes, he said more than any of them could ever say in all their lifetime. So, thank God for this message. I'm not going to hold you no longer. We just we just recognize I want you to I want you to recognize what presence that you're in. I'm going to I'm going to ask the the deacons as they dismiss. We'd like for you to start dismissing from the back this way. That way everybody can just exit right on out and there's no hold up at the back. So just now changing. We've already talked about it in the back. I just hadn't got it to you. But we'd like to dismiss from the back and just move move right on out as you do and go out reverently. This is this is not a pool hall. This is the house of God. Go out reverently respecting the house of God and just trusting Almighty God that he's going to he's going to handle your monsters in your life. God richly bless you. You're dismissed today in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love you Lord and I lift my voice. Hallelujah. I love you, [Music] Lord, and I lift my [Music] voice to worship you. Oh my soul, re Rejoice. Take your my king in what you hear. [Music] May be a sweet, sweet sound in your ears. [Music]
