################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-19 - "Our Focus is The Message of the Hour" - Bro. Andrew Spencer on July 19th, 2025 - Andrew Spencer - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-19
Title:   "Our Focus is The Message of the Hour" - Bro. Andrew Spencer on July 19th, 2025
Speaker: Andrew Spencer
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wck2v0wi1PM
========================================

[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Come on. [Music] Oh. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] good. You feel good. Heat. Heat. [Music] So highway. way to heaven where none can walk up there but the pure ending will lead a highway to heaven. Oh, walking up the gates highway [Music] will my way gets brighter. Oh, my load is lighter. Oh, I'm walking up the keys. I will. Well, there's joy in knowing. Oh, in him I'm going. Well, I'm walking up the king highway. Well, it's a highway to heaven. where none can walk away. Well, but the pure will lead a highway to heaven. Oh, I'm walking up the gates highway. Oh, I don't have to worry. Oh, I don't have to hurry. Walking up the geese highway. Oh Christ, walk beside me. Oh angels that got me. Well, I'm walking up King Highway. There is a high way to heaven where none can walk away. Oh, but the pure heart. Oh, it's a highway to heaven. Oh, I'm walking up the highway. trail if you're not walking full star while I'm talking walking up the keys highway. [Music] Well, there'll be a blessing in your possession walking up highway. There is a highway to heaven. Oh can walk away. Oh but the heart it's a highway to heaven. Well I'm walking up. Oh let's sing one more time. Well, it's a highway to heaven for them can walk up there. Oh, but the pure hand will lead a highway to heaven. Oh, walking up highway. Amen. Man, good to be a house of the Lord this evening, isn't it? Won't you just turn and greet your neighbor, each and everyone with us this evening, God bless you for being here. Oh, he set me free. He set me free. &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad that he set you free? &gt;&gt; Well, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad. Oh, Jesus set me free. Sing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. And I'm on my way to heaven. Oh, shouting victory. Well, I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting the victory. Well, I'm on my way to heaven, shouting the victory, singing the glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Well, oh, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah, Jesus, aren't you glad this evening? Well, I'm so glad. Oh Jesus, set me free. Well, I'm so glad. My Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad. Oh, Jesus set me free. Singing Lord. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Amen. Give him praise this evening. And I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say. There are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all a flame with the fire that fell and ped cleansed and made deep. It is burning now in my heart. Oh, glory to his name. I'm not so bad. Are you one of them this evening? Well, I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. Well, I'm so glad that I can say one of these. Well, I'm one of the one of the Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of the Oh, they were gred in the above. Oh, praise his name. They were baptized in the Holy Ghost and powerful service came. Oh, now what he did for that day, he knew for you the same. Well, I'm so glad I could say I'm one of the Well, I'm one of thee. I'm one of thee. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee. Well, I'm one of thee. Well, I'm one of thee. Oh, I'm so glad I could say I'm one of thee. Oh, come my brother. Sing this blessing with your heart. Sing and we'll start the joy bells ring and we'll keep your soul. It is burning now in my heart. Oh, glory to his name. Well, I'm so glad. Oh, I'm so glad I can say that this evening. Well, I'm one of thee. Well, I'm one of thee. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee. Well, I'm one of thee. Well, I'm one of thee. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee one more time. Well, I'm one of thee. Well, I'm one of thee. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I one of thee. Well, I'm one of thee. Well, I'm one of the Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee. [Applause] Aren't you glad that you can say that tonight? That I am one of them. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. Oh, I know it was a blood. Well, I know it was a blood. Well, I know it was a blood for me. Oh, one day when I was lost, but he died upon that water and I know it was a blood for me. Oh yes, there's healing in the blood. Oh, healing in the blood. But there's healing in the blood for me. One day when I was lost will be died upon and wrong. And I know it was a blood for me. There's power in that blood. Oh, there's power in the blood. Oh, there's power in the blood. There's power in the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon that cross. And I know it was a blood for me. There is power, power, power. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh holy name. [Music] Oh there is power power working out in the pres. Oh there is power. Oh there is power power working in the blood. Oh, [Music] oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the fresh or can't nobody. Let's try that way. I say came nobody. Well, do me like Jesus. Nobody. Do me like the Lord. I say nobody. Well, to me like Jesus. Oh, let's sing that again. Can't nobody else can nobody to me like Jesus. Oh, nobody to be like the Lord. I say nobody. [Music] to your Jesus. He my [Music] will he reach me up and he turn me around as he me up and he turn me around. Will he bring me up and he turn me around? Oh, now he [Music] my body. Oh, he my body and he told me to run away. Well, he my body and he told me to run. He my body and he told me to run. Oh, he's mine. All the sing I can't nobody. I said can't nobody. Well, do me like Jesus. Oh, nobody [Music] like the Lord. I say nobody. Well, to me like Jesus. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Oh, I said call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. I said call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. I said call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh. Amen. Oh, call him up. I said call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. I said call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. I said I call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. [Music] Amen. Aren't you glad that you can call him up? &gt;&gt; Know he's going to pick up and answer every one of your calls this evening. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's go to the prayer. Yes, brother Adam. It is a little much on the pullpit. Appreciate that. Yep. Amen. Have many needs amongst our elderly. Want to remember each and every one of them. Want to pray for Sister Sarah Gooden. God would just touch her body. Sister Teresa Gooden there as well. I want to pray for our pastor. God would just touch him. He had uh doctor's appointments this past Monday. Get some results there uh this coming Monday. So I want to remember those as well as all the other ones that are taking chemotherapy. Sister Teresa Delaney with cancer. Sister Wanda Hinkle. I want to pray for brother Jeff Breeden. God would just touch him. Brother Ron Vest ask us to remember his friend's father Joe Cow's uh needs a touch from the Lord. How many would have an unspoken request say Lord just passed by my way this evening when God can just touch them. I'm going to ask brother Nate Green just come pray these needs for us. [Music] Amen. Let's all pray together. Heavenly Father, we come before you this evening, Lord, with thanksgiving in our hearts, Lord, and a praise upon our lips tonight, Father, to be able to be gathered together again in this appointed time, Lord, to hear from you, Lord. God, you see these requests, they're many, Father, but they're nothing to you, Lord. They may be many in number, but they're nothing to you just now, Father. The ones battling cancer, our precious brother Ron, and all the different ones. Father, I pray that you give them a special touch just now. Father, the ones that are in hospital beds, the ones that are in rest homes, nursing homes just now. Father, the ones that are sitting at home who have a desire to be in the house of God, but physical ailments would would keep them from that. Father, I pray that you just give them a special anointing just now. Touch them, Father, like never before. God, as our brother comes in just a few short moments to bring forth the bread of life, Father, I pray that you fill him up that he may pour out, Lord. speak to the needs upon our hearts this evening. Father, for all those other ones, Lord, that may want to be here tonight that circumstances have come up. Father, I pray that you bless them. Lord, we thank you again for the opportunity to be in your house, gathered together with those of like precious faith tonight. Lord, we'll come looking to hear from you tonight. Lord, we thank you for it and we'll be careful to serve you in your precious holy name we pray. Amen. And amen. Thank you, brother. Amen. At this time, we're going to receive this evening's offering. You give as God's bless you. And uh we're going to have brother Elijah uh prepare to come sing for us this evening. And then after uh him, we'll have sister uh Sarah and uh Sister Jenny sing for us. So, as we're receiving the uh offering, let's sing a song by and by when the morning comes. [Music] Nope, that ain't it. by and by. Oh, when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story. How we overcome and will understand it better by and by. Well, I said by and by. So when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we overcome and will understand better by and by. Oh, we are often tossed and driven on the restless season of time. Sunburst skies and how we tend all see the bright sunshine in that land of perfect day when the midst are rolled away and will understand better by oh by and by. For when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we overcome and we'll understand better by. Amen. God bless you. They made a statue. Oh man, sorry. They made a statue painted gold. Told me to bend my knee. It really don't make sense to pray something when you can't breathe like they say to me. They try to change my name. told me who I was born to be. My heart was racing, raging in the world that doesn't seize. It always fights my own miles. They can't have my soul. No, I will bow my knee. When the world's crashing down, another stands with me in the fire. I wonder what they'll do when they see with their eyes there too. [Music] He led me down through the town and brought me dinner to our king. The only king that I fear is he who lives in me. He can save me from the flames. And if he don't, I'll burn for him. They can't have my soul know I'm bow my knees. When the world is crashing down, another stand of me in the fire. I wonder what they'll do when they see with their eyes. There's nothing there too. They grabbed my wrist and clenched a fist and threw me in those flames. On my shoulder was the hand of another man. He said just five words. [Music] I'm there through the worst. [Music] Taking out my soul. Oh, I'm about my knees. When the world is crashing down another stand with me in the fire, I wonder what they'll do when they see with their eyes. There's nothing in there too. They can't have my soul know I'm will bow my knee. When the world is crashing down, another stand of me in the fire. I wonder what they'll do when they see with their eyes. There's nothing there to [Applause] [Music] I speak the name of Jesus over you. In your hurting, in your sorrow, I will ask my God to move. I speak the name cuz it's all that I can do. In desperation, I'll seek heaven and pray this for you. I pray for your healing, that circumstances would change. I pray that the fear inside would flee in Jesus name. I pray that a breakthrough would happen today. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. In Jesus name I speak the name of all authority declaring blessings. Every promise he is faithful to keep. I speak the name no grave could ever hold. He is gater. He is stronger. He's the God of possible. I pray for your healing. That circumstances would change. I pray that the fear inside would flee in Jesus name. I pray that a breakthrough would happen today. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. In Jesus name. Oh come believe it. Oh, come receive it. Oh, the power of your spirit is now forever yours. Come believe it or come receive it in the mighty name of Jesus. All things are possible. [Music] I pray for your healing that circumstances will change. I pray that the fear inside will flee in Jesus name. I pray that a breakthrough would happen today. I pray miracles over your life in Jesus name. I pray for revival for restoration of faith. I pray that the dead will come alive in Jesus name. In Jesus name. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Do you believe that this evening? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's stand at this time. &gt;&gt; Let's sing. How great is our God? Hey splender of the king clothed in majesty. [Music] Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light and darkness tries to hide and trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great how great is our God. Oh to rage he stand in his hand beginning and the end. beginning and the end. Oh the god. [Music] Oh father speak the sun. Lion and the lamb. Oh lion and the lamb. How great is our God. Oh sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great, how great is our God. For he's the name above all name. And he is worthy of our praise. Oh my heart will sing. How great is our God for he's a name above all name and he is worthy of our praise. Oh my heart will sing how great is our God. Oh how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great how great is our God. Oh land of sea stand. Oh and all in heaven revealing the son of man. Refilling the son of man. Oh uniting time has come. Oh the bride in Christ our war. Soon we're going. Oh yes. Soon we're going. Oh. How great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. And all will see how great, how great. Oh, name above all names. Oh, he's a name. Oh, just give him praise this sing. Oh, yes. Oh, my heart will sing how great. Oh, sing it one more time. Oh, he's a name above all name. And he is worthy of our praise. Oh, my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great, how great is our God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Just give him praise this evening. We serve such an awesome God. How great is our God? Goodness of God. Goodness of God. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. Oh, all my days. Well, I've been held in your hand. Oh, from the moment that I wake up until I lay my hand. Oh, I will see of the goodness of God on my life. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. [Music] Oh yes. And all my life you have been so so [Music] with every breath that I made. Oh, I will sing of the goodness. Oh, I love your voice. Oh, I love your voice. Oh, you have led me through the fire in the dark. You are close like no other. You see, I know you as a father. I've known you as my friend and I have been in the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. Oh. Oh yes. And all my life you have been sold. So brother Andrew I aable. I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life [Music] and all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I have made. Oh, I'm going to sing of the goodness of God. Cuz your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Cuz your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I'm surrendered now. I'll give you everything. [Music] Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Father, there's something so special about that song. Lord, we every time we sing it, it seems like there's just a nearness of the Holy Spirit that comes. Father, it is a testament to every single one of our lives. When David was writing that in the Psalms, I believe he tapped into every single one of our lives. Father, Lord, we can truly point back time and time again that we've seen the goodness of the Lord shone on our life. And Father, we are gathered here tonight, Lord. Your children, we've come here, Lord, expecting a move of the Holy Spirit in our lives, Lord. Lord, for the word of God to come and meet us where we are, Lord, to take us from a little bitty acorn into a great big tall oak tree, Father. Lord, I pray that tonight that we would not walk over the seedlings that are continually growing up, but may we recognize the greatness, the potential, the opportunities that are here tonight. Lord, I I look out across this building tonight and I see all of the ye these people. They're your children, Father. And Lord, I count it such an honor to be speaking to your wife. And I pray Lord tonight that you would just move this this servant aside and you would begin to use me, Father, for your glory. Lord, I have nothing to give except my all. I give you the gift. I give you my life. I give you my spirit, Father. And Lord, I I've spent much time in prayer today and study, Lord, just looking unto you. And Lord, I pray that you would take, Lord, these humble words, Lord, that I have been able to study and look over and put together some thoughts, Lord, feeling inspired by the Holy Ghost. And I pray that you would get under the inspiration of your people just now. And we would just begin to move as one body, Lord, one unit, Father. Lord, may we focus our attention on this word, Father, that we would see you high and lifted up, Father. God, we are committed to your word. We're committed to this rapture, Father. And I pray, God, that you would just allow us the opportunity just now to worship you while the word goes forth. We love you so much. And we give you this service in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this evening. If you have your Bibles, like to go to Luke chapter 2 and verse 41 and Hebrews chapter 12 and just take a little thought here tonight. We want to welcome all of our our visitors and our guests here tonight. There we got uh quite a host of believers here tonight. We we've gathered them from the east and the west and the north and the south. And we just want to make make sure that everybody is uh welcome here tonight. Brother Chad from Brother Mark Spencer's church want to say God bless you and your family and brother Christian, sister Maddie, they're here celebrating two months of marriage and and we're happy to have them here and he can't wipe the smile off of their faces. So, and uh also want to welcome uh brother Sam Borlavon and his family and God richly bless you. I hear you've had a wonderful time with your brother here and your sister here this week and if you can't have a good time with brother William, you're just not able to have a good time. It's just how it is. And also our our family from up north, brother Aiden, Aiden Horst here. God bless you. A dear friend to us and have a very very special memory that we we share. And uh well, of course, Brother Ron has a very special memory with him, but I have a very special memory with him because my wife and daughter decided to go have dinner at their house one day. and and uh they had a little dog out there and Ally was just just rambunctious as she is. Spitfire. She comes back in there. Everybody's sitting around the dinner table. She said, "You're not going to believe this, Mom. That dog just licked his rear end and then kissed me." So, it is a story that we will always share together. They say that's the cleanest kiss you can get is from a dog. We have a testimony to beg difference. So, Amen. And also, Brother Steven and Sister Amanda, God richly bless you. They're expecting a child and and uh they're very excited. I got a phone call a few days ago now, and I believe it's okay. Is it okay if I share that? They're they're expecting a little girl. So, so God richly bless you. Amen. Ain't it good to be a Christian? &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Hebrews chapter 12 and verse one. Wherefore, seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses. Let us lay aside every weight and the sin which does so easily beset us. And let us run with patience the race that is set before us. Looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. Also Luke chapter 2 and verse 41. also want to w uh wish our my grandmother uh sister Nancy a very happy birthday today. And uh she's such a special lady. She's such a special lady that she gets two days for her birthday. &gt;&gt; Amen. The doctor wrote it down on the 19th and and uh but her mother said it's the 20th. So So she gets two days like a queen does. So we just we love we love our our sister Nancy so much. Amen. Luke 2 and verse 41. Now his parents went to Jerusalem every year at the feast of the Passover. And even when when he was 12 years old, they went up to Jerusalem after the custom of the feast. And when they had fulfilled the days as they returned, the child Jesus terried behind in Jerusalem. That's a very powerful thing to forget. Amen. &gt;&gt; Is Jesus. &gt;&gt; And Joseph and his mother knew not of it. But they supposing him to have been in the company went a day's journey, and they sought him among their kinsf folk and acquaintances. And when they found him not, they turned back again to Jerusalem, seeking him. And it came to pass that after 3 days they found him in the temple, sitting in the midst of the doctors, both hearing them and asking them questions. And all that heard him were astonished at his understanding and answers. And when they saw him, they were amazed. And his mother said unto him, Son, why hast thou dealt with us? Thus dealt with us? Behold, thy father and I have sought thee sorrowing. And he said unto them, How is it that ye sought me? Wis not that I must be about my father's business? And they understood not the saying which he spake unto them. May God bless his word. You may be seated here tonight in the presence of the Lord. I'd like to just continue a little thought that that was on our heart a couple weeks ago on our focus is the message of the hour. Our focus is the message of the hour. And to me, when you begin to study, there's many characters that you can study and many that you can identify yourself with. But to me, my favorite character in the Bible is our Lord Jesus Christ. And when you begin to study out Jesus's life, it's such a very powerful a very powerful character that you begin to read that you realize immediately that there's something special about this little bitty boy. And you begin to you begin to witness everything about his birth. And you begin to witness that there's great men that come at his birth. And there's great men that come to him when he's a child. And and shepherds are called and and then you begin to look at Jesus's life. And you begin to look at the whole of Jesus's life. And Jesus's life was very short. It was only 33 years that we recognize that Jesus was lived here. And Jesus made a very powerful statement in John chapter 9 and verse four. He said, "I must work the works of him that sent me while it is day. The night cometh when no man can work." And we realize that when Jesus is standing there and he is saying this, he said, "I must be about my father's business." And he is saying unto us that we've he we've got to realize that Jesus had one purpose. Jesus was not here to bring peace, but he was here to bring a sword. And we realize that when Jesus came here, he was completely different than any other prophet that had ever stepped upon the face of the earth. This was God embodied on the inside of human flesh. The reason why he knew all things was because he before he was flesh, he was the word. Now Solomon would say in Ecclesiastes 9:10 that whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might. For there is no work, nor device, nor knowledge, nor wisdom in the grave, in the grave where thou goest. And Solomon and and Jesus are both emphasizing unto us that we only get one chance at this life. We only get one opportunity while we're here. We only get one shot. So Jesus is saying unto us and Solomon is saying unto us that we've got to stay focused that we've got an objective that is out before us and we've got to be busy about the father's business. When Elijah is working and he is coming to the end of his ministry and he's getting ready to lay out his uh his portion over on the next ministry. He goes out and he finds Elisha and he's out there working in a field. And you remember what the scripture said about Elisha that Elisha was very careful when he was out there to make sure that all of the all of the field and all of the the plow everything was straight and in line. And when Elijah saw that there was a workman that was worthy that he be to throw his mantel over on top of him. He found somebody that could stay focused in what they were doing and had an attention span to make sure that they were in line. You find that when Jesus comes and he starts picking his disciples, he starts picking Andrew and Peter and the different ones that had different occupations. Some of them were tradesmen and some of them were fishermen. Some of them their occupation was unknown. But I find this immediately that Jesus finds them while they are working. He does not find them out there sunbathing. And he does not out they doesn't find them out there buming on the street or sitting there waiting for their welfare check. He simply finds them working. So God is not calling a bum, but God is calling somebody that is willing to work for the kingdom of God that is not ashamed. So God is not going to take something out of he's not going to make something. He's going to use your past to be a part of your future. You see, when he picks up Peter, he Peter was a fisherman. Peter was a fisherman. He was he was the kind of man that taught other men how to fish. He was a kind of man that had had a good business. He had worked he had worked alongside with with Peter. He had worked alongside with his brother Andrew. And many of times you'll find it in the scriptures that he worked alongside with James and John. But when Jesus begins to call him to his own ministry, he said, "You just come over here and you follow me now." Begin. You watch what Jesus tells him. You're getting ready to stop fishing, but I'm going to make you a fisher of men. Notice he was getting ready to change his occupation, but he was going to use the same process that Peter had used of casting out the net. Peter was simply going to take that same thing that he had been built up and everything that he had been in his past of showing how to throw the net on this side or on that side. He was simply going to throw the gospel net now. And notice it was the same effort. It was the same attention. It was the same job occupation. But the results were going to be completely different. A lot of you have went to church throughout your life, but when you come to the message, the results were different. Things might look the same, buildings might look the same, churches might look the same, but the thing that is so powerful about this message that we've got to focus on is the results that come from it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And it's amazing when you study Jesus's life. It is not necessarily how long that you live because Jesus didn't live a very long life, but what matters in what you accomplish in this life. It matters what you do with the life that you've been given. And you notice when Jesus goes to the silent years from 12 to 18, you'll notice that those years were not wasted. You don't know much about Jesus in the silent years, but I'd say it like this that Jesus was crafting his ministry in those moments. He was building relationships. He was praying for people. He was showing people what his job was here to do. His silence was not wasted. Hallelujah. His silence was not wasted. So you see, it isn't the longevity of it, but it's how you run and how focused that you are. Jesus when he is standing there, he's got friends around him. He's got critics around him. He's got mockers around him, people that love him and recognize he is the Messiah. But Jesus is not worried by the crowd that is surrounding him. Jesus is simply occupied with this one objective and that is to get the message out. &gt;&gt; To get the message out. And to me that is what makes the message of the hour so pertinent and so powerful is that we realize that this message did not come to lift up a man but this message came to make Christ the principal theme of our life of our testimony of our shout of everything that we are. The message did not come and I I realize that the message is harsh for some people. I realize that the message of the hour ruffles some feathers as it as it were, but I realize this is that this message is none other than Jesus Christ. And it might ruffle some feathers, but I say this that if you're a true eagle, the reason why it is ruffling your feathers is so that you can fly higher. The message didn't come to build a creed. The message didn't come just to build another church. There's been a lot of beautiful churches. There's been a lot of great ideas. There's been a lot of a lot of revelation that came from God. But there was nothing like the message of the hour. There is nothing so powerful in this generation like the message of the hour. Or Roberts had some powerful things to say. Aa Allen had some powerful things to say. Billy Graham had some powerful things to say. But that ain't my focus. I am focused on one thing and that is the message of the hour. Because I realize this that the angel of the covenant accompanies the message always. And if I preach what William Brandon preached, then that same angel has got to accompany the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; This message didn't just build bigger buildings. Actually, our churches are smaller than a lot of the denominations. &gt;&gt; But I will stack up our our quality against numbers. &gt;&gt; But what's so powerful is not the numbers that you see. It's not the buildings that you see, but it is our mindset that has been changed because it changed us from a chicken mindset to an eagle mindset. It take us it took us to a heavenly it took us to a heavenly mindset. Maybe maybe say it like this a kingdom mindset &gt;&gt; because we realize that the prophet would teach us about dimensions that there's a blending of dimensions and he would tell us that a Christian operates in that realm. Now notice what brotherham does here in in 1955 in the glorify Jesus. He said, "Now say here's a line like this, and in there is where all mortals live. On this side or that side, men are influenced by one side. This side comes from God, and that side comes from the devil." He said, "Now, let's just take that. It is a great conglomeration of blackness and gaity and muck and sin and divisiveness of this world. And every once in a while, you'll see a little white spot." He said, "That's a Christian like a light." He said, "Now those that are in the darkness are influenced from beneath, but those that are light are influenced from above." Now, when you leave either when you leave either one of these channels, you go into the realm of the spirit. This is the mortal realm, the dimensions that we live in. So, what happened? You look like everybody else. You can even dress like everybody else. But there's something that is completely different about you. It is a it is that you have been given eyes of the spirit. You have been given a kingdom mindset that you're you are focused on the eternal. So what makes you so different is that you are looking through the lens of revelation to only see the word. That is the major difference between between elect and non-elect because you can be looking at the same thing that everybody else is &gt;&gt; but you could be seeing something different than anybody else is seeing. &gt;&gt; It's because you have been elected to look through the lens of Revelation just like Elijah and Gahhesa when they looked out there and he seen all the enemies that was out there in front of him. Elijah simply prayed, "Lord, open up his eyes." Notice Brother Brandham said them angels was already there, but he simply changed his eyesight so that he could see. Hallelujah. Do you realize this? That the message of the hour has always been here. It's been for you. The revelation has been here. But it took a star &gt;&gt; that was held in the master's hand &gt;&gt; to reveal what you was looking at. &gt;&gt; I love what Paul says in Ephesians 1 and8 18, excuse me, that the eyes of your understanding being enlightened. And you you remember what brother said. He said, "Now you look with your eyes, but you understand with your heart." the eyes of your understanding being enlightened that you might know what is the hope of his calling and what the riches of the glory of the inheritance of the saints. But if you really want to capture the power of verse 18, you've got to go back to verse 17. that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him. The reason why you can see is because there has been given a revelation not of William Brham but of almighty God. &gt;&gt; Let me let me just paint the picture maybe just a little bit for our children just here. You can go out and you can look tonight if especially here in the Cidola Valley when we have our our clear nights. You can go out with your naked eye and you can go out and you can see little specks of light of stardust there and you can maybe pick out this this this zodiac and you can maybe pick out where Leo the lion is and different things and it would really take somebody that has a greater education than myself to really tell you what I'm looking at. But if you change that lens and you go down to something that can focus the attention down and start looking into the heavenlies and look through a telescope that in that telescope as you focus it, not only are you seeing little specks of light and not only are you seeing specks of dust, you begin to see complete formations. You begin to see the nebula, you begin to see galaxies and planets. Sometimes &gt;&gt; what happened is that you changed your focus from your natural eye into something that was built to be able to see in that realm. Now, let me let me just paint the picture just a little bit clearer. The stars didn't change. Your focus changed. The stars was already there, but how you were looking at it changed. the message of the hour. Simply focus it down so that you realize that he's not the God of yesterday, but he's the God of today. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Glory to God. Woo. I thank God for the seventh star. &gt;&gt; Let me say it like this. When William Brandham, you can hear him over and over again say, "I'm helpless and I'm hopeless without him." when he goes to the seals, he said, "If it had not been for the angel of the Lord coming in about the 12th hour of the day today, I'd have been completely wrong." What was it? The seventh star was pointing us back to the one that was holding the seventh star in his hand to make sure that we was not focusing on the star, &gt;&gt; but we was focusing our attention in the one that was holding Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I love what David or the Psalmist would say in Psalms 141 verse 8. But mine eyes are unto thee, oh God, the Lord, in thee is my trust. I love what God sets before the children of Israel. You shall have no other God before me. It is the first commandment. But mine eyes, my direction, my gaze, my my emphasis, my glimpse of what I'm looking at are solely upon you. David was a man that was so intent on pleasing the father, even Hallelujah. Even when it got his own flesh in trouble, even when it got people mad around him, he was simply focused on pleasing the father. Now notice when a prophet comes and preaches in 1965, a man running from the presence of the Lord and you study that message out and it's very very powerful when brother Brandham begins to tie in Jonah's life and he he he said he begins to talk about him sherking his responsibilities. You look in there and you can see what brother Random is doing. He is showing the critical importance of our attention and paying attention and directing our understanding solely to the word of God. And brother Random would say in paragraph 68, he said that's the same thing the message is. He said you might say it's right or this that or the other. And I say and say I sympathize with it. I believe it's the truth, but you've got to accept it. &gt;&gt; You've got to accept it. It's got to become a part of you and you a part of it. &gt;&gt; Too many times people focus, churches focus on building building numbers and building popularity and building this and building that. Brother Random said, "I'm afraid that too many times we've got the people to church, but what we need to do is get them to Christ." You see, when you you accept it, you become a part of it. &gt;&gt; That's why I have never thought of William Brandham as somebody way out there or that was above us. Brother Brandham's a part of this bride just like I'm a part of this bride. He's a part of this body like I'm a part of this body. There's a lot of people that elevate and I appreciate the man and I'm not taking away I'm not taking anything away from the prophetic realm. But I want you to realize this. If you could change your focus that what happened to William Brandham and his ministry is a part of you. &gt;&gt; What happened in that cave is a part of you. What happened up there in Sabina Cannon is a part of you. What happened when he preached the seals, that's a part of you. What happened in marriage divorce and who is this Melzdc? That's a part of you. in things that are to be and the rapture that's a part of you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'mma have a fit today. &gt;&gt; You notice when you notice when Paul I got to keep preaching. I got to get focused. When Paul when Paul was preaching, he was a theologians of the theologians. He knew the word like nobody else. But I love what brother said about Paul and God who is rich in mercy. He said about Paul, he said, "Now when the word saw the word, he became the word." When Paul was riding on his high horse and he looked out there and seen his Lord standing there, he realized that he saw the word and the word became flesh. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelu. I tell you what, it means something to you when you become a part of something. You can realize that you are born with a destiny over your life and there's nothing that can stop it. Your own human flesh can't stop it. Your own human ambitions cannot stop it. Let me say it like this. There's a lot of times that people walk over our young people and they don't realize the potential that is laying there. There's a lot of times that people neglect the older generation and they don't realize the potential that is laying there. A lot of people look out and they see the great oak tree and they they they get mesmerized by it. But at some point in its life, it was a little bitty old seedling. And you remember when you begin to ask God for a promise and all of a sudden God gives you a little acorn. What is it? He is giving you the potential of a miracle. But it's got to go through the watering. It's got to go through the flood. It's got to go through the process of being born again. Samson was a man that was born for a purpose. &gt;&gt; He was born to be a destroyer of the Philistines. Let me just say it like it was, but he got distracted. He lost focus. He got his eyes &gt;&gt; like a lot of these young brothers do. Say, "My goodness, look at that sin. But he lost his focus and he started looking at the wrong things. But you see, all of his life, he was born to be a destroyer. He was born for greatness. But he kept losing his focus. But it took him where he'd lose his eyesight so God could focus him back down so that he would realize his purpose. You realize that God has to send you sometimes through the thick and through the thin just so that you realize what kind of greatness is on the inside of you. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of people that love to sign up to be a convention speaker like brother Ron, but they don't want to go through the things that Brother Ron's went through. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of people that are jealous over a convention speaker or they're intimidated by this brother. Let me say this. I got some fine brothers that are setting up here. I'm not intimidated and I'm not jealous of their gift. There's a lot of things that are in their ministry that I admire and I would love to have, but I'm not jealous of it and I'm not intimidated by it because I recognize that God made them that way for such and such a time as this. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It's like every little kid, they want to they want to be the hero. They want Let me let me just paint the picture. It's been in the news of late, but every kid that's ever swung a baseball bat, they want to be the guy that wins a home run derby in the MLB. Let me just be honest. I had great aspirations of being the ML derby uh home run derby winner, but Coach Spots and Coach Hail, they did not see the greatness that was on the inside of me. They shut down my aspirations. Kind of like Adam shut down Jay and Nathan's aspirations to be the greatest at Fort Defiance basketball. But there's a lot of kids that Hallelujah. There's a lot of kids that dream about being the home run derby winner. But if you don't start out by going through the T-ball practices of learning how to swing and getting hit by a coach and getting being talked to by a coach that that tries to get on you, tries to coach you the right way. If you can't stand it at a T-ball level, you'll never stand it at a convention speaker problem. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; To be great, you've got to go through the trial. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's right. &gt;&gt; I could call I could call seven of these fine brothers up here. They fine. A lot of them single sisters. They ain't got no rings on their fingers. You can look at brother Noah, man of fine stature, built man. I'll tell you what, he's a man. You can look at brother Luke. A lot of things there. You can look at brother Jordan. You can look at all these brothers here. You can line up seven of them. They could be great in stature and have great intellectual minds and all those other things that would make them right, but yet there's something like it. And then you pull a little scrawny old Noah up here and God says, "That's exactly what I'm looking for." &gt;&gt; You see, that's what Jesse thought. I I pick out my biggest and I'll pick out the best prosperous one and I I pick out the great ones. Because Jesse was focused on stature and the firstborn. But God was focused on something else. He was looking on something that man wasn't looking on. Why? Because God was looking at David's heart. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And all of a sudden, David comes down and Samuel anoints him to be the prophet or anoints him to be the king. You see, what happened was David was a humble shepherd, 12 to 14 years of old, red-headed, ruddy, just a scrawny looking boy. But there was something special about David. Because David had practice in private, &gt;&gt; but he was about to have public favor because of his focus and his attention to God's holy word. You see, a lot of people I'm going to get to the good stuff in a minute, but I got to I I got to drop this in because I feel very heavy right here. Feel I feel to say these things. There's a lot of people that want to be ruler over many things, but they have never been faithful over a few things. There's a lot of people that could say, "How sister Cassie ought to play the piano." No, you shouldn't do that. You're going to get in some There's a lot of people that would try to tell the preacher what he should say. There's a lot of people that that want to do the if I was a pastor, if if I was a mother, if I if I had if if they were my children, they ain't never had no children. If that was my piano, if that was my drum set, if that was my guitar, if that was my church, &gt;&gt; there's a lot of people that have the desires, but they never put the practice in. Like Sister Cassie put the practice in. There's a lot of people. Now, Sister Cassie played at some very well-known spots in Carnegie Hall and played before the greats and right there in Washington, DC. But to me, when she sits here before the angels of God, because she was faithful in a few things. Because you went to church when you didn't want to go to church and when your flesh didn't feel like going to church. Because you were faithful in a few things. He will make you ruler over many things. Sometimes you got to focus yourself. Now notice what the prophet said in victory day. He said, "Now that's a thing that broke the fellowship in Eden." It's because that Eve failed to keep focus of her looking on God's word and listening to reasoning of of the enemy. See, if she'd have just stayed right with God said so, that settles it. God said so. But she didn't want to do that. She changed the focus of her glass and began to see instead of being just one way, she began to see that there was two ways. And if we want a restored fellowship, then we've got to focus back that he is the way, the truth, and the life. When when David begins to move into public favor, I love this because David did not focus on how big his giant was. He did not focus on how big his line how his line tongue was. &gt;&gt; He did not focus on how big his spear was and how great his armor was. David simply focused himself on how big his God was. &gt;&gt; And I can say this that if you'll begin to focus on how big your God is, you'll begin to minimalize how big the devil is. And if you'll start saying bootle bootle and you'll start picking up f a i t h and j e s u s that little giant &gt;&gt; will be bowing before you. And almighty God, I say every problem's got to bow. Every disease has got to bow. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now when Paul when Paul addresses the church and he begins to speak to them in Ephesians 6:10, he starts taking them through the whole armor of God. And he said, "Men and brethren," he said, "We wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers and wickedness of things." Notice Paul begins to point you to the spiritual. And I'd say church, let me say it. It It's so easy. It is so easy in this day and age to get consumed by everything that's going on. It's easy to get consumed with the powers of darkness and to get consumed with the schemes of the enemy and consumed against what is attacking you and what is attacking the bride. And it's it's easy to get consumed. But let me tell you what Paul did and what Paul did not do. Paul did not fix his eyes on the forces of hell. He simply pointed you and I to our victory and where our source was. He simply forced us and focused our attention to look on where the ability to come from to focus our attention on how to win the battle. Well, I'm I'm pretty strong, brother Andrew. I I've been in this I've been in this journey for quite some time and I know how to win and I know how to war. Let me tell you, the strength you walk in is not human strength. It is not our strength. It's God's strength. The power that you operate in, it is not it is not of the flesh. It didn't come from your mama. And it didn't come from the preacher. It come from God's power. The armor that you wear. Some man didn't issue that. Some soldier out of the army didn't issue this armor to you. But almighty God issued this army. The same God, the same God, &gt;&gt; the same God who called you out of brokenness &gt;&gt; and restored you. &gt;&gt; The same God that called you and rescued you when you was helpless and hopeless. The same God who saved you when you were dead in your sin. Is the same God that is arming you right now. Is the same God that is focusing your attention back to the message of the hour. You are not fighting alone. You are not in this battle alone. You are not standing in your own strength. But you are clothed in the divine baptism of the Holy Ghost. And your sword that you are wielding is forged in the fire of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; I say if you'll focus away from the demons in your life and focus on where you got your armor at, &gt;&gt; it's kind of like a It's kind of like a racehorse. He's built to run. He's built to give everything he's got. But you see, a good trainer knows that he's got to put the blinders on him. And that horse is built to run. And he's got those blinders on. So, he's focused on one thing. He's focused on the goal that is ahead of him. He ain't looking who's beside him. He ain't looking at the crowd back there, but he's focused on running this race. That's why Paul said, "I press towards the mark of the prize of the high calling in Christ Jesus." Paul recognized he could not look at the things that he was saying because the things that he was saying. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Joshua realized he can look at the things he was seeing. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What did brother Ron do? He didn't focus his attention on that name cancer. &gt;&gt; He focused on the one that spoke to him, said, "If you'll trust me, I'll use you like never before." How many of you have received death reports from the doctor? Oh, okay. Nobody here. Nobody's been sick. I know I got one here. But the doctor said if this don't we got no cure for you. Another man said now if if a man he said a doctor told me this that if a man or a woman can take the right mental attitude towards it. &gt;&gt; He said it will literally paralyze that demon. Amen. &gt;&gt; You realize what you're looking at matters. There's a lot of people that look at the side effects. You take this pill, you take this pill to get rid of your headache and all of a sudden you got a bowel problem and all of a sudden you got you've got things that are going on that you didn't know and you was simply just trying to get rid of a headache. Yeah, &gt;&gt; we look at all the side effects of this and you ever you ever been around somebody that and I'm not going there. I'm not going there. Not going there. I'm moving on. Somebody say, "Praise God." &gt;&gt; You notice when brother Brandham when brother random he he's standing there. This is what I really want to get to. It it'll prove the point before I what I was going to say. What I was going to say. Brother Brandon would talk about when that maniac at Portland, Oregon when it was running at him and he he coming right here. He said people ask him said, "Brother Brandon, was you ever scared of that?" He said, "Absolutely not. He said, "Because as long as I know that he's there," he said, "I got no reason to fear." Let me say this to you, you fine people, if you can just focus your attention. Brother Brandham realized he did not have the abilities to heal one of them patients. But he focused the patients attention to the one that was standing between him and them. And if you can focus your attention away from complaining and away from nagging and away from this and away from that and focus it back down. &gt;&gt; You see, there's there's so many people that forget today because they're focused on yesterday and they're focused on tomorrow. But that's what I love about the message of the hour is because the message makes the gospel present tense. It makes the unseen present tense. And that's what I I so love about the message is that it realize it puts the emphasis on he is the God of today that he is focused that the God that was yesterday is the God of right now. The God that gave Sarah her baby is the God that'll take care of you. The God that took care of Mary is the God that'll take care of you. It matters where you're focused on. You remember when you remember when brother Brandon would tell about the tell about that musician? He he'd give that great performance. He'd give it out and when he finished up, everybody was in the crowd. They were applauding him and screaming, throwing roses and everything out there. the but the musician wasn't focused on the crowd. He was focused in the banisters up there because up there in the banisters was the master. He didn't care if people neglected how he played or they appreciated how he played. He was simply focused on what the master thought. So many times we focus our attention about this one says this and that one says that. I only care what does the master think. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Martha Martha busied herself and she was so worried. She was so worried about about up about the house meant everything else. But when Lazarus died, she got her attention focused back on the master. There was a lot of people weeping. There was a lot of people crying. There was a lot of people that was that was saying, "If Jesus really cared." But she focused her attention and said, "Even now, Lord, &gt;&gt; no matter what you're going through, even now, &gt;&gt; I say he's more than able. Even right now, I say he's in this room. Even right now, &gt;&gt; I wonder if we got any Marthas in here tonight that want to focus their attention that their brother's dead and he ain't coming. &gt;&gt; And they want to focus back that he's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. You know good and well that Leodysy has tried to rob you of all of your inheritance and all of your blessings and tried to make you live below all of your God-given privileges. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We have a family that are sitting right here, Brother Jeremy and Sister April, and they have such a powerful testimony. I could point out all kinds, but this one just comes to my mind right now. They come here. They had one intention and that was to get this message out. It didn't matter how Brother Jeremy started. He just wanted to do something. He took the highlights of Brother Ron's ministry and he started typing them out and he started putting it on book form for everybody here that didn't take notes. He wanted everybody to make sure they had the highlights of it. Then he went from there and he started he started making sure we had a that that we had the right kind of audio tech because God had gifted him in that manner. He realized that he couldn't focus his attention on preaching the gospel because he wasn't called to be a preacher. But God had put something on the inside of him where he could focus himself. So God blessed him and God God used him. I'll be honest, if it wasn't for brother Jeremy, he probably would never be on the internet. If it wasn't been for brother Jeremy, you would have suffered during co. But that man, and I I'm sorry if you get mad, but I'm going to give him some flowers right now. &gt;&gt; That man was used of God. But it the story doesn't end there. They had something that they wanted. He wanted something that he could provide for his family. something that that he could have a kind of job that that he could take care of his family in such a way. And in a prayer line one day right here at this altar, God gave him a promise. And it looked like it wasn't coming, but he stayed focused. He stayed focused on the promise. And God gave him a job that blessed him and his wife in such a way. If you knew the story, you would understand why he's so focused. I could go all over this room. Hallelujah. I I better not. Somebody's going to get offended if I don't call their name. Let me say it like this. God does not call the people that are not willing to put their shoulder to the wheel. God is calling somebody that can use what was in their past and make it great in their future. somebody that is willing to focus their attention. You look at what brother Gabriel's doing with those devotions and those testimonies. That ain't my calling. But he focused his attention to it. &gt;&gt; You look at brother Jeffrey, you look at brother, that ain't my calling. Y'all thank God it ain't my calling. Cuz I'm going to tell you right now, if I had what Sister Cassie had, I'd be laying on that piano and I'd be playing it like Jerry Lee Lewis. I'd be the Jerry Lee Lewis of the message. &gt;&gt; I'm telling the truth. I don't care whether you think it's true or not. I'm telling the truth. &gt;&gt; Let me Let me just Let me just Let me go ahead and preach. I'm I'm done loose now. It's bad now. I done got loose. Woo. Y'all can turn me off the internet if you want to or not. But I love what brother Nathan said last weekend about Simeon holding Jesus. He was cradling potential. It made me think about Moses and Pharaoh down there. Brother Brandham said that Pharaoh never had that potential in him. But he looked out the same window. Why? Because he couldn't focus it right. But all of a sudden, Moses was born in the same house, had the same attention span, had the same education, but there was something different. He be to focus. He was kind of like that duck that was headed for water. And the mama hen was trying to call him back. There was no way that Egypt was going to get Moses back because he done got a smell of a real living God. Let me say this duck was built to swim. Let me say something. The guy that was looking at the master had been practicing before he got before the audience. Let me say this. If you don't want to worship God here, you prepare to get ran over. [Applause] Because let me say this, this is just a rehearsal of what we're going to do up there. And if you can't act right here, you'll never act right there. If you can't amen here, you'll not amen there. If you can't shout here, you'll never shout there. If you can't dance here, you'll never dance there. Why? This duck is headed for water. It's too many people that's tried to pin the ducks up and say, "We can't have the Holy Ghost." But I hear a prophet say, "Let the waters rise. Let the waters rise and let the ducks get to their position. I got a smell of the supernatural and I'm headed for water. 38 years I've been laying here and I've been focusing on Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I've been laying here for 38 years and I've been focusing on me. &gt;&gt; But I need somebody to change my focus. &gt;&gt; Let me say it like this. And then Jesus stepped in. I say there's a man that can walk on the water. I say there's a man that knows how to trouble the waters around you and change your focus. I ain't got nobody. Nobody cares for me. Nobody calls me. Nobody checks on me. If Brother Ron really loved me, if Full Gospel Lighthouse really cared for me, they had called on me and checked on me. I ain't been to church in too much and nobody's checked on me. Change your focus. &gt;&gt; Let me say it like this. We ain't a bunch of busy bodies here &gt;&gt; and we ain't nosy. It's not that we don't care. We just don't know whether you're on a sabatical or not. &gt;&gt; But I heard a man, why don't you get up out of your bed and walk? &gt;&gt; Well, I ain't got no man to put me in the water. What did it do? He changed his attention and he focused him that he was the one that could change everything. Brother Mar said that when God moves in the spirit, his spirit, his children move with the spirit. You see, if you ever want to be close to the supernatural, you've got to move with the ark of the covenant. Let me say this. When you start moving with the ark, then the supernatural is going to take place. What happened with Congressman Upshaw? What happened with Georgie Carter? What happened with that blind girl with the cataracts? What happened with that little baby down there in Mexico? What happened? They started moving with the ark and the ark produced the supernatural. What happened when they were down there in the Jordan River and the ark started moving? The Jordan opened up. What happened when the ark started going around going around and going around Jericho walls? The ark was moving and the supernatural produced Jericho walls falling down. What happened when the ark started to move? When the ark started to move and there was a men that didn't want to put the ark back in his right place, so they set it back on on some cows. Let me say if God can lead some cows and they set the ark of the covenant back on them cows and God supernaturally led the ark back to its rightful place surely he can take Hallelujah surely he can take insignificant people and he can move them right back in the supernatural. Let me say when the ark began to move, when the ark began to move, when it began to move, the supernatural took place. And when it got to such a place and it couldn't go no further and the ark sat down in OE Edom's house. Hallelujah. And the message of the hour stayed there for a certain season. What was it? Oed Edom's house became indefinitely blessed because the message, the ark was on their life. I say this, it's more than a picture on the wall and it's more than tapes. I say the ark of the covenant, the Holy Spirit has rested in your heart. I say when the ark begins to move, then the supernatural's got to manifest. Go to Numbers chapter 10 verse 33. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And they departed from the mountain on the Lord of the Lord. Three days journey. And the ark of the covenant of the Lord went before them in three days journey to search out a resting place for them. Verse 34. And the cloud of the Lord was upon them by day. And when they went out of the camp, it came to pass that when the ark set forward that Moses said, "Rise up, Lord, and let thine enemies be scattered, and let them that hate thee flee before thee." When the ark moves, then every demon's got to bow. Every disease has got to bow. You let the ark move. I say it's time that you focus your attention. Like Moses said, "Rise up, Lord. &gt;&gt; Rise up." &gt;&gt; I'm like David said, "Let God arise and let his enemies be scattered." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I say the name of Jesus should be our focus. When you read in Acts chapter 19, and I'mma I'mma focus this on down and you begin to see Paul beginning to move in the supernatural and demonstration and they begin to be some pretenders of the message that got around and they started seeing the supernatural manifest and there were seven sons ofKeva that was there and they started operating by the name of Jesus. I believe it's Acts 19 and 13 and 15 that you'll begin to see that the sons ofKeva and it's they begin to go out there and they seen this demon-possessed man and they begin to say in the name of Jesus Christ who Paul preached come out of him and them demon spirits in that man said Paul I know and Jesus I know but who are you? Who are you? Let me say this. them demons that you come up against face to face every single day, they know who our Lord is. They know who our Lord is. You can go up there and say, you can say in the name of Jesus Christ who William Brandon preached, but if you don't know him, let me say the name of Jesus Christ is not a formality, but it is a relationship. And that demon spirit jumped on them and beat them. You go read the rest of the details. Let me say this. The name of Jesus Christ is powerful when it's focused to a new birth. And out of a new birth, all of a sudden, Congressman Upshaw begins to get healed. And Georgie Carter begins to get healed. And blind eyes begin to be open because the name of Jesus Christ was in a relationship with somebody that was focused. It's easy. It's easy to lose fake focus. It's easy to get our mind on disappointments and distractions. &gt;&gt; It's easy. I'll be honest. It's easy to get your eyes on emotions. Well, let me say this. The void or the the wind didn't move a lot. The wind didn't move Elijah. The fire didn't move Elijah. The earthquake didn't move Elijah. But the voice behind the voice moved Elijah. I I think it's Jeremiah 12:15. Let Let me just put it up there. I I'll tell you if I'm right or wrong, and you'll know if I'm right or wrong immediately. Nope. That's not it. Sorry. You think I'd be prepared? I got it up here in my brain. But you nervous, brother Andrew? Oh, no. Not nervous at all because I know what's in here. There it is. Ha. Verse five. Mental mental laps right there. &gt;&gt; Y'all love me. Praise God. &gt;&gt; If thou has run with the footmen, &gt;&gt; and they have wearied thee, then how canst thou contend with the horses? Amen. &gt;&gt; Let me say this. If you get tired of running with natural human beings, let me let me just paint it down just a little bit clear. Let me If if brother Dylan, he could come to a spot and he got wearied with running with men and they couldn't take him no further, then how was he ever going to run with the horses? Come on. &gt;&gt; How in the world in your natural human abilities are you going to be able if you get tired of running or running in your home? You ain't never going to be able to keep up. &gt;&gt; Why? Because you're doing it on on your own. And there's been a lot Let me say this. Let me because I I I could point this out to a lot of people and it's definitely me. I tried to live this message on my own for a long time. I tried to run with the footman and I got weary. Then how am I going to keep up with the horses? How am I going to get in a horse race &gt;&gt; if I can't keep up with the footmen? But let me say there's some supernatural power here. &gt;&gt; I say there's some supernatural power here because Elijah was weary of running with the footmen. But all of a sudden he saw a cloud like the size of a hand of a man and he outran the horses of Ahab's chariots. It was showing that there is a supernatural element when you focus your attention. &gt;&gt; You might get weary of me down here, but let me say the supernatural is here to make you run. &gt;&gt; I say, "Let us run." &gt;&gt; What are you going to do, brother Andrew? I'm going to run till every one of these prodals get back in this church. I'm going to run until I get wearied. I'm going to run till I feel like quitting. And then the supernatural is going to take over. I'm going to run. I'm going to run. I'm going run. I'm going to run. I'm going to run. I'm going to run. I'm going to run. I'm going to run. I'm going to run. I'm going to run. I'm going to run. I'm going to run. Don't you be weary in welloing for in the time of season. Our God. I say run with this message. Lord, let the musicians come. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I look for this quote all day today showing that there is some supernatural elements to the human abilities. Brandon talks about about a man. He said, "I watched it on a on a telecast the other night of a man that was that burned some people up." He said, "Of a man that had set and had a psychic mental power and he set a glass of water out there and he had concentrated on it so much until he made it burst with his own human abilities." Brother Brandham said that. He said, 'If that man could have ever got a hold of the right thing, what he could have done for the kingdom of God. And then brother Brandham turns it in Messiah and he starts focusing the attention down. He said, "What is in man? It's to thirst after God." But he begins to satisfy it and put substitutes in there before it. You see, that was in man. that was in man to be able to do those things. But he was doing that from psychic powers. You remember when brother Brandham is standing there and I you remember he's standing with that little girl and she's she's in that bed and she's sick and he tells her said, "Won't you move that little chain right there? &gt;&gt; Won't you move that little chain right there?" She said, "I can't do that. I can't even touch it." He said, "Well, I can and not touch it." And brother Brandham starts looking on it and he starts moving in a circle and she said said that's that that's that's of the devil. He said oh no because Jesus said that if you had faith as much as a grain of mustard seed you could speak to it. And brother Brandon said he started turning around the other way. What was it? A man had focused so much in the natural that he could break glass. But here's a man that was focused by the new birth and had the abilities of Mark 11 and 22 and 23 and 24 that he could operate. What is it? One man that is in contact with a world of blow and one man that is in contact with the supernatural &gt;&gt; of Almighty God. You watch in that witch in that witch camp when brother Brandham is standing there and there's those there's those spiritualists down there in that camp and they've got that table and the guitar and those clothes floating in the air and brother Brandon walks in there that table's floating and men had tried to grab a hold of it and bring it down and break it and all different things and they couldn't move it and they said we hear that you're a preacher and you've got power. He said I don't have no power. He said but I represent a power. You remember what brother Brandon does? He said, "In the name of the holy church, come down." And it didn't move. In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, come down. And it didn't move. In the name of William Brandham, come down. What was Brother Brandham doing? He was showing us that we cannot focus our attention on titles. We cannot focus our attention on the name of a man. We cannot focus our attention on our human abilities. But we've got to focus our attention to the power where the name of Jesus Christ is. And he said in the name of Jesus Christ come down. And he said at that time he said it completely come down. What was it showing that a man that is in contact and in fellowship with his maker can do the impossible? &gt;&gt; What would happen in your life if you focused your attention to this word and to it only and got your eyes singled? Brother Ron shared this with me today. Here in Stanton in 1880, there was a little bitty woman that weighed 100 pounds and she went around all of all around the states and she was doing a phenomenal thing and she she'd gather people in the arenas and different things. She's just 100 pound and she would challenge four of the strongest men of that of that crowd to come and try to move her off of the ground. And the newspaper article said that they four men tried budging her and they couldn't move her. They tried this way and that way and they couldn't move her. Then she began to tilt on one leg and they couldn't move her back or forth. What was it? She was in tune with a wicked spirit that could have had the ability to give her supernatural strength. If you've ever been around a demonic person, they have a very supernatural power. Brother Brandon would say that that that legion it give him seven times more power. &gt;&gt; He said, "But a man with the Holy Ghost." &gt;&gt; How much power does he have? &gt;&gt; I don't need to move a 100 pound woman and show that I'm anything. But I do need to pray that my people be let go of circumstances. I do need to pray for our children they get the Holy Ghost. This gospel is not for show, but it is for reality. &gt;&gt; I say young people, he's here to make himself known to you. I I I'll be honest. I want to be real real with you. I would never take time advantage of your time. If this message wasn't right, I wouldn't preach it. If it didn't have the same power that William Brandham had, then I wouldn't preach it. Cuz we'd be preaching anything else that everything everybody else is. And there's good people out there in them denomination. That's not that's not that has nothing to do with that. But if what you have does not make you live this gospel, &gt;&gt; then you need to change your focus. &gt;&gt; And I want to say this, this message lives. &gt;&gt; I want to say it lives in our young people. &gt;&gt; I I I I told this story when I was in California. It was so just hit me and God used it in a way, but you know, Satan always wared with my dad and said, "Well, Angel will never get it." And then when I got it, Satan began to war with me and my children won't get it. And I I remember I remember when I was I had just had a little humble study out there and a little storage building. Had a little had a little desk there I'd made up and I was is a kingdom for me, man. I had all my study Bibles and all those different things laid out there and didn't have a clue what I was doing, but I was studying it anyway. And uh I just sitting there and all of a sudden the enemy began to speak to me and said, "You might live this, but your children never will." And I began to pray, God, if this message is real. I pray you do something for my children. I pray you do something for for my daughters. I pray you do something just something supernatural that I know I know that it works. Little Reagan, she wasn't but four or five years old that time. She she come running in that little office said, "Daddy, won't you talk to me about the message?" &gt;&gt; It may not have meant anything to anybody else, but I know what I just prayed. I'm here to prove that the devil's a liar. &gt;&gt; And that little girl is here to prove that Satan does not win. I want to focus your attention to the message that it lives, that it works, that it's still got power, that it's still the same. Do you believe it? Do you believe it? Do you believe it? Do you accept it? Then watch it take place. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Every move that I make, every tear I cry, and he knows my name. Tonight I'm overwhelmed by the pain and can't see the light of day. I know I'll be just fine cuz he knows my name. I don't know what tomorrow will bring. Oh, I can't tell you what you stole. Well, I don't know a lot of things. I don't have all the answers to the questions of life. [Music] But I know in whom I have believe and he knows my name. Oh every step that I take. Oh every move that I made, every tear that I've cried. He knows my name when I am overwhelmed by the pain. He can't see the light of day. [Music] I know I'll be just fine cuz he knows my name. [Music] Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry, and he knows my name, I am overwhelmed. The pain can see the light of day. And you are [Music] from his glory. everliving story. Oh my God and savingior came. Oh, and Jesus was his name. Born in a manger. Oh, to his arm. A strangeanger. Oh, man. A sorrow tears. and your me. Oh, how I love him. Oh, how your joy. Oh my breath, my son shine. Oh my all in all. Oh, the great creator [Music] won't be my Savior. Won't take your God's word [Music] in me. Oh, what kind? Oh, bringing us redemption. [Music] Oh, that in the day of night. Oh, not one fle. [Music] Oh God, gracious tender. Oh lay aside his splendor. to be to win to save my soul. Oh, how I love you. Oh, how you adore me. Oh my breath, my son shall. Oh my all. [Music] Oh the great creator. [Music] Oh, he came my [Music] and all God's [Music] own will in him. Oh, relax. [Music] Oh, flesh and blood his son. Oh, J to the form of man. [Music] who reveals the hidden plane. Oh precious story, oh sacriice [Applause] of calary. [Applause] Oh, I know thou are the great I am. Oh, how I love him. Oh, how adore. Oh my breath, my soul shine. Oh th all. [Music] Oh the great creator. [Music] We can still [Music] rule. [Music] Oh, let's sing it one more time. Oh, how I love you. And oh, how I love you. Oh, how I adore thee. Oh my must shine. Oh my all in all. Oh the great creator. You became [Music] my savior [Music] in him. Won't you just love the Lord? Are you focused on him this evening? Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. [Music] Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Just open the eyes of my heart. Oh, I want to see you, Lord. I want to see you. Open the eyes. Just open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Just open the eyes of my heart. Oh, I want to see you, Lord. I want to see you. To see you. I lift it up. [Music] Shining in the light of your glory. Oh, pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Just open the eyes of my heart, Lord. I want to see you, Lord. I want to see you. Just open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Oh, open the eyes of my heart. Oh, I want to see you, Lord. I want to see you. To see you. I lift it up. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Oh, pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. You are holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. You are holy, holy, holy. I hope to see you. Holy, holy, oh holy, holy, holy, oh holy, holy, holy, oh holy, holy, holy. I want to see to see you, to see you. I am lifted up. Oh, shining in the light of your glory. Oh, pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy. Give him praise in the house of God. Aren't you glad that your focus is on him and you can see clearly? It's that Holy Ghost fire. It's keeping me alive. Well, it's that Holy Ghost fire and it's keeping me alive. Well, keeping me alive. Well, it's keeping me alive. Is that Holy Ghost fire and it's keeping me alive. Oh Jesus is keeping me alive. My s is fall over me and it's keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. Well, it's keeping me alive. Is that a Holy Ghost power and it's keeping me alive? Oh, Jesus is keeping Oh, it's down in my heart. said he's down in my heart and he's keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. Said he's keeping me alive in his hand in my heart and he's keeping me alive. Oh, Jesus is keeping. Aren't you glad? That Holy Ghost fire is that Holy Ghost fire and it's keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. It is keeping me alive. Is that a Holy Ghost fire and it's keeping me alive. Oh Jesus is keeping. [Music] said it's all over me and it's keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. Said it's keeping me alive. Well, it's all over me and it's keeping me alive. Oh, Jesus is keeping me. Oh, it's that Holy Ghost fire and it's keeping me alive. Oh, keep that [Music] one more time. is that Holy Ghost and it's keeping me alive. Oh, keeping me alive. Said it's keeping me alive. Is that Holy Ghost and it's keeping me alive. Oh, Jesus is keeping. Oh, give him praise in the house of God this evening. I'm going home with Jesus just the same. Are you going home with Jesus just the same this evening? Said I'm going on my Jesus just the same. I'm going home with Jesus just the same. Well, you may accuse me and stand the last by name. Well, I'm going home by Jesus just the same. Well, I'm going home by Jesus just the same. Well, I'm a my just to say you may accuse me. to last my name, but I'm going on my Jesus just to say. Well, some people may laugh and talk about me when I shout. Oh, but there's one thing to show that I know one shout out. Well, I left my sins at Calvary. Well, they're covered by the blood. Well, I'm filled with the Holy Ghost fraing his love that I'm going on my Jesus just the same. Well, I'm going on my cheeks just the same. You may accuse me. Oh, stand my name. Well, I'm going all my dreams just to see all the narrow ways straight way and has no cruc. But I'm going on with my Jesus cuz I know that he's my best friend. Will I face my [Music] Oh yes. said, "I'm calling on my Jesus just the same." Well, I'm calling on my just the same. You may cause excuse me, my pain. Well, I'm going on. Oh, let's sing that out one more time. I'm going on. Well, I'm going home with my Jesus just the same. Are you going with him? Well, I'm going on just the same. You may accuse me or scandalize my pain. Well, I'm going home. You're dismissed to see and see in the morning. Well, I'm going home. My Jesus just the same. Well, I'm going home for just the same. You may accuse me. You may standize my name. Well, I'm going on [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
