################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - Well Done - Bro. Andrew Spencer on June 1st, 2025 - Andrew Spencer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-01
Title:    "Well Done" - Bro. Andrew Spencer on June 1st, 2025
Speaker:  Andrew Spencer
Church:   Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 47m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7iKHn2flHIw
========================================

Description:
If these messages have blessed you, please consider supporting our ministry.
We are very thankful for the help God sends us through praying saints.
Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle is a Non-Profit Christian Ministry and is wholly funded by the tax-deductible donations of our supporters. Please visit our website if you like to support Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. https://www.fullgospellighthousetabernacle.com/live-stream/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Down here. [Music] Lou. [Music] Where'd you go? [Music] [Music] I'd rather be oh in a deep dark [Music] Oh, then to know that [Music] my oh [Music] so more than to live in this world. Oh, in a house of gold. Well, and deny my God. Oh, and my soul. What good is gold? Oh, what good is gold? Oh, and silver, too. Oh, if your heart not pure and [Music] true. Oh sinner, we will [Music] sing and fall down. [Music] Oh, your knee and pray. The sing verse, I'd rather be. Oh, in a deep dark grave. Oh, and you know that poor soul was saved. more than to live in this world or in a house of gold and deny my God forever my [Music] soul. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning, isn't it? Won't you turn and greet your neighbors? Welcome each and every one of them here. God richly bless you all. Amen. I sing a song. Glory to his name. Glory to his [Music] name. Old town at the cross where my savior died. Oh, down where for cleansing from sin I cried. Oh, there to my heart was the blood of life. Oh, gloryy to his name. Oh, I'm singing gloryy to his name. Oh, gloryy to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood of life. Oh, gloryy to his name. Will I am so wonderously save from sin. Oh Jesus so sweet. He abides with me. There at the cross where he took me. Oh glory to his name. Oh I'm singing gloryy to his name. Oh, glory to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the Lord of life. Oh, glory to his name. Oh precious fountain that saves from sin. Oh, I am so glad I have entered in that Jesus saves me and keeps me clean. Oh, glory to his name. Singing. Oh, gloryy to his name. Oh, glory to him. Wonderfully. There to my heart was the blood of life. Oh Lord, let's sing a second verse. Oh, I am so wondrously safe from sin. Oh Jesus so sweet, he abides within him. There at the cross where he took me in. Oh, gloryy to his name. Oh, I singing gloryy to his name. Glory to his wonderful name. made you my heart was the blood of life. Oh, glory to. Oh, one more time. Well, I'm singing gloryy to his name. Glory to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood of life. Glory to his name. Amen. Glory to his wonderful name this morning. Sing a song. It ain't over yet. Maybe [Music] a I don't know. Maybe just start it here. It ain't over yet. There you go. needs an answer to the question, the fears and the why. Somebody here is desperate for freedom from the past, the chase and [Music] life. Feel like you wasted so much time. You want to move ahead, but you're still lasting life. Feel like you're running will never end. You will never end. I don't know who told you you would not make it. And I don't know who told you that you could not take it. And I don't know who told you. It's time that you free. But my God says wait. It ain't over. [Music] Somebody here leaves that manure to the fear and the somebody here. Desperate for [Music] free from the past, the change in the [Music] life. You feel like you wasted so much time. You want to move ahead, but you're still lasting. [Music] You'll feel like you're running will never rain. Oh, you will never know who told you that you would not make it. I don't know who told you you could not take it. I don't know to you. It's time that you free, but my cross is way. It ain't over yet. And I don't know who told you that you would not make it. And I don't know who told you you could not take it. I don't know. Told you it's time that you qu my way. It ain't over yet. And I don't know who told you that you would not. Oh, come on. Sing it with me, saints. You could not. Come on. I won't know. Told you it's time that you free. My God says wait. It ain't over yet. It ain't over until my God says it over in your [Music] life. Oh yeah. And he's saying it ain't over yet. Amen. I feel like running my last mile home. Let's try see what f maybe. Well, I've been a soldier. No, that ain't it either. Hey, praise the Lord. We're going to get it. How many feels like running their last mile home? Well, I've been a soldier in God's mighty army since long years ago. Well, I've been scared and ruled in battle. And many times I've been brought low by the size of the time I've been realized. There's only one more mile to go. Well, is that the lights from heaven up above? Feel like running my last mile home. Oh yes, I feel like running my last mile home. I see a great band of angels around God's throne. What a great celebration while the ages roll on. I feel like running my life. Oh, let's sing it one more time. Oh yes, I feel like running my last mile. I see a great band of angels around God's throne. Oh, what a great celebration while the ages roll on. I feel like running my last mile. Now Jesus said when he reached down save me I'll go with you all the way. So I stepped down on his preious promise and it filled me both night and day. Well, I know, but I still can't keep his spirit moving in my soul. Oh, he kissed me. Just a taste of what lies ahead. I feel like running my last mile home. Oh yes, I feel like running my last mile home. I see a great band of angels around God's home. Oh, what a great celebration while the a jeans roll on. Feel like running. Oh, is that how you feel this morning? Oh yes, I feel like running. My last bow. I see a great band of angels around God's throne. What a great celebration. While the ages roll on, I feel like running. Oh, let's sing it to him. Oh, yes. I feel like [Music] running. Oh, what a great celebration. As the gauges roll on, you're like running my last [Music] mile. Amen. Give the Lord praise this morning. I don't believe it'll be much longer. We're going to see the saints just up ahead. My I tell you what, when you see them, you're not going to get tired. You're not going to get weary. That last mile, it's gonna go quick. Amen. Amen. Glory be to God. Let's sing a song, Believe for It. Maybe if you can help me put the words up there. Believe for it. They say this mountain can't be moved. They say these chains will never break, but they don't know you like we do. There is power in your name. We've heard that there is no way through. We've heard the time never seen what you can do. There is power in your hand. So much power in your name. [Music] breaking unbreakable we [Music] AL. [Music] We know that hope is never [Music] gone. Oh, there is an [Music] There is power in your name. So much power in your [Music] name. Great. Great. We believe. Oh God, we believe for the impossible. Oh, we see a miracle. I keep my name. Oh, you said it. You said it. And I believe you said it is himself. You [Music] say and I believe who you say and it is the you said it. You [Music] say and I believe. Oh, you save and you save me. You save. Oh, do you believe that this morning when he speaks something over your life? It is so time this morning and he move the unmoveable. Oh, breaking unbreakable. Oh God, we believe. Oh God, we believe for a from deepos. Oh yes. Oh God, we believe God. Oh, let's sing that. You said it one more time. Oh, you stay and I believe. Oh, yes. You stay and it is done. You stay and I believe in you. [Music] Oh, you said you said and I believe. [Music] All you say and all you say you [Music] say I believe. [Music] Oh praise God. Oh God we Yes we do. Oh God we Oh from the from the impossible we [Music] see God we believe. God, we believe forever. Do you believe that this morning? [Music] I believe it. When he spoke it over my life, I believe it and I believe he's spoken it over every single one of ours here this morning. and it is done. We have many prayer requests, many needs that are amongst us this morning. Many that's dealing with cancer. But when the prophet asked the angel said, "Not even cancer." The angel turned and said, "Not even cancer." I believe that this morning as we read off these prayer requests this morning, we're going to believe God's going to move on every single one of them. We want to continue to pray for these individuals that is fighting cancer. Scotty Arnold, Samantha Nichols, Elena Kesler, and then Elena will be having surgery on Monday. Thank you, Sister Deborah Watson. Want to pray for Sister Roxy. She will be having extensive dental work done. Just want to pray for her. God will just touch her and the nervousness of that all. Please remember my son Christian and his dad who had a stroke. They both needing a touch from God. Thank you, Sister Christina Pierce. I want to remember our elderly that God would just touch them. move on their hearts. I want to remember brother Mike orders from brother Joe Greens, brother Luther King, brother Roger Andrews there, brother Joe Green's congregation needing a real touch from the Lord. I want to continue to pray for our pastor that God would touch him. I want to pray for brother Matt Mccclard as he's hidden brother Lloyd Walls this morning to speak there in Richmond. I want to pray for brother Andrew that he will bring the word of life to us this morning and just touch him in body. I want to pray for sister Donna Baler that is fighting that cancer as well. Brother Tom Ber's wife there in Kentucky as well as sister Teresa Delaney. She will be having surgery on June the 9th at UVA. I want to pray for our brother Jeff Thomas this morning. He is sick, not able to be with us. want to remember our sister Wanda Hinkle. She was diagnosed with stage two ovarian cancer, but they believe they've contained it into the pelvic area. She will have six chemotherapy treatments, one every 3 weeks. Just want to just pray for her that God would just touch her and body. Also want to be lifting up our brother Tom Heel. He had seven staples put in his head last night. Glad to have him here with us today. Want to pray for him. God would just continue to touch him. Dear believers, pray for my brother Levi. He's in jail due to being disrespectful to neighbors property, disobedient to court orders, all because of his mental condition. I believe he's already healed. Let's pray that he would accept the healing and also want to be baptized when he comes back to church. He's a widow now of three years and five of five of his children want to be baptized today. Thank you, brother Amos. So, I want to pray for brother Levi, brother Amos's brother there that God would just move on his entire situation and be with that family there. Amen. How many of them have an unspoken request? Say, Lord, we know that you can just come pass my way this morning. Amen. just reach out and touch him this morning. I believe he's here. He said, "Where two or three are gathered in my name, and I believe there's more than two or three here this morning that's gathered here believing in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ." Amen. I'm going to ask Brother Gabriel if he would just come lead us to the throne of grace. [Music] How many enjoyed that service last night? Um, I just I'd like to say this and just, you know, we're blessed. We're very blessed to be able to have the ministry team that we have. Extremely blessed. And, you know, God's blessed me to be able to stand in some pretty pretty incredible places. And, you know, I've stood in a back room with President Trump. I've prayed in a in an office the size of the ministry office with with Governor Yncan. They're tremendous people. Politics or be politics. They trust in God. And I've been able to stand beside them and even Lieutenant Governor Sears stand beside her and and she still would wake up at 4:00 in the morning and have prayer with have prayer with her her believers in Winchester at 4:00 in the morning. and I've been able to stand beside them and have have just conversation with them and I would not trade a moment to sit in this seat to be a to have to stand with them. They're incredible people been able to stand in some incredible places and I'm privileged and I thank God for that. But don't become numb to the ministry that's here. If I can just tell you that do not become numb to the ministry that we have here. God sent God sent you a gift. Five gifts that sit up here every morning. Don't become numb to that. Come to every service expecting to hear something. Let's just take the needs these needs before the Lord. Lord Jesus, we're just so thankful to be able to come and be here this morning. And Lord Jesus, I just I just believe that we're in store for a miracle this morning. And maybe one of those miracles or many of those miracles that that we will see will walk in the baptism and you will see a son or daughter of God come back to their rightful place with you, Lord. And I believe that when when one comes and accepts their place and realizes that they're walking back into home and walking back into the place that you placed them before the foundation of the world, Lord Jesus, I believe that you will place a seed inside of their life and you will come and you will do exactly what you said you would do. And you would fill them with the Holy Ghost. And Lord Jesus, you hear each and every one of these needs that have been brought before us. And Lord Jesus, you you are the one that can come and heal these. And Lord Jesus, the prophet would come and tell us that you would place us in your hand and in your right hand and that would give us the authority to be able to go and lay hands on the sick and pray for those who are sick and give prayer clause as brother brother William would say last night. And Lord Jesus, allow us not to just look at those things as another as another ritual or a thing we do. Allow us to be able to see that that is nothing but ordained of God to be able to be an extension of your hand, Lord. And I just pray that if we could just take an image of of your nail scarred hands as you would be upon the cross. Lord Jesus, you did that for each and every one of us. And Lord, where would we be if you wouldn't come and call us out of the the wicked and evil places that we would be? I I think of I think of brother Levi there that they would just they would bring prayer for Lord. You see where he is at. And Lord Jesus, what what battles may come even with his family, but Lord Jesus, I pray that you would go right to where he's at right now and you can be his deliverer, Lord. and all the prayer requests that have been unspoken and even the ones who are spoken. You know where they are at. You know their names and you know every situation that they may go through. Lord Jesus, brother Andrew as he would come, Lord Jesus, I know that we are going to I just believe and know that we can see a miracle this morning because you were here. What atmosphere we have Lord and we just thank you in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. At this time, we'll receive this morning's offering. You give as God's blessed you. I have Sister Amanda Meadows come sing for us this morning. Then we'll have Sister uh Julia sing for us. As she's making her way, I'd like to make some uh announcements here. Want to be remembering that uh next weekend we're going to have Brother Aaron Ogles be here with us. So, we thank the Lord for that and praying for him and his family. Safe travels there. We certainly love our brother Aaron and his ministry. And I just want to pray for them that God would just uh use him in a supernatural way. And then also um we'd like to start setting aside time every couple weeks to practice special songs with anyone in the church who would have a special. These practices will be held here at the church. We ask those interested in singing or playing a special to reach out to myself and Sister Cassie. I will have a uh if you would just reach out to both of us. That way uh ladies aren't contacting me or gentlemen contacting Sister Cassie. So if you could just reach out to each of us and uh we will be scheduling those times and setting up times where we can have our musicians here and then we can do that. We would like to try to set aside time and have about six six of those specials uh at a time set up and ready to go. So, if you have one, you have something on your heart you'd like to sing, we'd like to set aside time. So, just reach out to me and uh we'd like to get that uh set up. So, that way I'm not having to call around on Saturday and Sunday and find people that want to sing for us. want to have people that want to worship, worship the Lord. And uh this is not Hollywood, so it's not a show. So if God's laid something on your heart that you'd like to sing, you just contact me and we'll make a way for that. Amen. So God richly bless you. Thank you. You can be seated after you've given this morning. Bless you, Sister Amanda. When my Lord walked to Calvary, there was no beauty in that scene. He was bruised and put to shame there as the crowd did cheer and scream. It wasn't his fault. For things he done, but for my sins he stood condemned. Now how could I be ashamed of him? [Music] How could I be ashamed of that side dripping with blood? How could I be [Music] ashamed of that markedy crown that he wore? Though he had every reason to be ashamed of me. I could never be ashamed of him. [Music] Now he's the same Lord today with his nailed pierced feet. And there's no beauty that this all war desires. And his holy word they won't keep. God, I'll take him and the scorn out there till my journey is complete. No, I could never be ashamed of [Music] him. How could I be ashamed? of that side dripping with blood. How could I be ashamed of that mighty crown that he wore that he had every [Music] reason to be ashamed of me? So I could never be ashamed of [Music] him. No, I could never be ashamed of him. [Applause] [Music] I've been there in the lowest of times. I've had questions in my mind. I've been scared. But I know that I have a Savior who knows right where I am and hears my prayers. In the midst of all the problems and burdens of this life, I will call upon the one who can get me through the night. Lord, hold my hand in the middle of my storm when I'm sinking down. now. Lord, help me to stand when the waves are crashing around. May I keep my eyes on you. Cuz Lord, you're the only one who can help me get through the middle of my struggle. [Music] I don't know how the story will end. I didn't see this in the plans you had for me. But I know that I can [Music] trust in the one who's working all things for my good. Though I may not know the answers till I reach the other side, I will keep my eyes on Jesus. Till my faith become sight. Lord, hold my hand in the middle of my [Music] storm when I'm sinking down. Lord, help me to stand when the waves are crashing around. May I keep my eyes on you. Cuz Lord, you're the only one who can help me get through the middle of my stor. [Music] Lord, you're greater than my problems, greater than my fears. You are greater than my weakness, greater than my tears. And you have never let me down. And you are here with me right [Music] now. Lord, hold my hand in the middle of my storm. When I'm sinking down, help me to stand. When the waves are crashing around, may I keep my eyes on you. Cuz Lord, you're the only one who can help me get through. [Music] You are the only one who can help me get through the middle of my storm. [Music] [Applause] Amen. We know he's our peace in our storm. Let us stand at this time. Let's sing it. That I could still go free. I can still go free. You can lock me up in a prison. [Music] Oh, and throw the [Music] o won't take away my vision. Oh, from these eyes that night now [Music] see open to cry me the food and [Music] he my hands and my feet hold as long and as I I know [Music] Jesus he said that I could still brea. He said that I I could still go free. Oh, tell me what kind of man would reach [Music] down into this glory. [Music] worthy to live for when I [Music] feel. Oh yeah, the man on the cross. He puts me in his will and said that I I could [Music] still [Music] free her quite [Music] understand why a king would be [Music] his growing [Music] painful flesh [Music] and open to me your Oh my [Music] ly to [Applause] [Music] cal where the [Music] blood they all my change in s I could still go [Music] free. Oh, he said that I I could still [Music] go reach down his hand and do this for Oh, unworthy to give and not fail to kill the little man on the cross. He put my name in his will and said that I I can still free. And you're thankful for that man. Amen. Amen. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer just now. Heavenly Father, we come before you, Lord Jesus. Lord, we realize, Father, the the sacredness of the moment that we're standing in here, Lord Jesus. And we ask, Lord, that thou wouldest come, Lord, and minister unto us, Lord, by the by thy word, Father. God, we heard such a powerful word last night that even in the midst of our trial, Lord, we can have perfect faith and don't even realize it sometimes, but we're just stepping in, Lord, to the manifestations of sons of God. And I pray, Father, today that you would just quicken your word to our lives. Lord, I pray that you would minister to the lost. I pray that you'd minister to the bound. I pray that you'd minister to the little children and our seniors. Father, we ask that thou would just minister to them. Lord, thou knowest all things. And I pray, God, that this word that has been stirred in my heart that you would just allow me to step aside and Lord to bring forth the very heart of the father this morning. Lord, I humble myself as your servant in your hands. And Lord, I I have no abilities, no gifts really on my own except to get out of the way. And Lord, I pray that thou would bring your word to your believer's heart and it would minister to them. Lord, we while Peter yet spoke the words, the Holy Ghost fell. And Father, I believe that while the word can fall in this place, Lord Jesus, that the Holy Ghost can minister, Father, in a very special way. We love you so much, Lord Jesus. We give you this day in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. If you have your Bibles, we like to look in book of Matthew chapter 25. Matthew chapter 25 and verse 14. Amen. Say amen when you have it today. For the kingdom of heaven is as a man traveling into a far country, who called his own servants, and delivered unto them his goods. And unto one he gave five talents, and to another two, and another one. To every man according to his several ability, and straightway he took his journey. Then he that had received the five talents went and traded with them the same, and made them other five talents. And likewise, he that had received two, he also gained other two. But he that received one went and digged in the earth, and hid his Lord's money. And after a long time, the Lord of those servants cometh and reckonth with them. And so he that had received five talents came and brought other five talents, saying, Lord, thou deliverest unto me five talents. Behold, I have gained thee, gained beside them five talents more. And his lord said unto him, Well done, thou good and faithful servant. Thou has been faithful over a few things. I will make thee ruler over many things. Enter thou into the joy of the Lord. He also that had received two talents came and said, Lord, thou deliverest unto me two talents. Behold, I have gained two other talents beside them. His lord said unto him, Well done, good and faithful servant. Thou hast been faithful over a few things. I will make thee ruler over many things. Enter thou into the joy of the Lord. Then he which had received the one talent came and said, 'Lord, I knew that thou art an hard man, reaping where thou hast not sown, and gathering where thou hast not strawled. And I was afraid, and went hid thy talent in the earth, and lo, thou there, thou hast that is thine. His lord answered and said unto him, Thou wicked and slothful servant. Thou knowest that I reap where I sowed not, and gather where I have not straled. Thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the exchangers, and that at my coming I should have received my own usery with usery. Take therefore the talent from him, and give it unto him which hath 10 talents. For unto everyone that hath shall be given, and he shall have abundance, but from them but from him that hath not shall be taken away, even that which he hath, and cast ye the unprofitable servant into the outer darkness there shall be weeping and nashing of teeth. Also, Matthew or I'm sorry, Psalms chapter 69 and verse 9. Just one little scripture here. For the zeal of thine house hath eaten me up, and the reproaches of them that reproach thee are fallen upon me. May God bless his word. You may be seated today in the presence of the Lord. I'd like to just speak a little thought that the Lord I was driving back from Kentucky there a couple weeks ago and the Lord just began to deal with me on this on this subject from these scriptures. I would like to speak to you on well done. Well done. And we realize that that we're living in a very pivotable moment in time. And we realize that throughout the course of time that men have accomplished many great feats throughout their throughout their time in history, throughout their efforts and inventions of of different things that have shaped the world that you and I live in today. And I say thank God for these modern these modern inventions. And we thank that. And you begin to look in the 1800s about the things that were invented that would begin to trans uh that would literally they would completely transform the world that we live in. You would look at the steam engine and you would see that the men that created it and you didn't realize what they were doing at that time, but it literally fueled an an industrial revolution and modern transportation begin to take off. And in that era, you would begin to watch things like the telegraph and the light bulb and a and and the telephone. And then you begin to watch, you begin to watch as it moves into the 1900s and you begin to see that men begin to get under the anointing and they begin to move and they would create there. We would create one of the greatest things that we have as humanity. We would see the airplane that is created and it refili it revolutionalized not only just travel but global travel. And I would say well done because I sure didn't want to I sure didn't want to ride a boat to New Zealand about a month ago. I so appreciate and I say well done on creating those things. Wilbur Wilbur and them I sure appreciate them spending some times and getting hurt and they didn't realize throughout all their journeys from moving to Ohio down to North Carolina to catch a win. They there was a lot of people that thought they were crazy. Yeah. Amen. There was a lot of people that said that they was insane, but because they had a they had something on the inside of them that was that was pushing them. You see, you see in that era of the 1900s, you begin to see computers as they begin to move into the digital realm and modern invention begin to come in. Internet begins to come in. Nuclear power, we begin to see it in the 20th century. And then we roll around into the 21st century and you begin to see smartphones in everybody's hands. They they begin to see social media. We begin to see that they begin to reshape culture completely by social media. And I say, I don't know about saying well done to that. You begin to see artificial intelligence as it completely transforms industries and and even human capability. And I'm not sure I can say well done to a lot of people that I say some of those things are for our good. And I I believe that I believe that God has a way of using things, but there's a lot of people that are becoming modern dummies because they they don't want to study. I I'll be honest, I sat just a few weeks ago at at Sister Riley's graduation and I I heard one of the worst worst speeches from a validictorian I've ever heard in my entire life. And I'm not saying anything about the girl, but I'm just simply saying that that is that is what we're producing in this era because that's the that's the kind of generation that we're raising that we're raising men not to know the power of the gospel. We have we have witnessed supernatural things in this era. And I'll just be honest, it literally scares me for the future. If God leaves us here 20 more years, who will be running this country? When mamas and daddies I I'm going to move on, but when mas and daddies when they do not know how to discipline their children and they do not know how to they do not know how to navigate them towards the word of the Lord. I say that it scares me to think that if God would leave us here, but you watch in those modern events that even even you begin to see the cloud raise up and you begin to see as men begin to download their their data that goes to a cloud and I can't tell you where it's at, but it's hanging up there in a cloud. And I literally just I literally just change changed all of my sermons from one platform to another platform because it wouldn't upload fast enough. Amen. It's the age of the cloud. But I realize this that we had a cloud standing this day. And I don't have to worry about the speed of that cloud. I don't have to worry about where it's taken me. But I'll say that that cloud came to produce some people that could God could say about them, well done. You think about you think about all of these events that have that have happened and you see these inventions that are taking place. You look in the 1400s. I'd say that when Gutenberg was creating the Gutenberg uh press, he didn't realize the value that was behind it. Sure, he had a purpose. Sure, he had a zeal, but there was something that was pushing him. And when you begin to see men like Tinddale and men like Luther, as they begin to gather the word of God, they begin to realize that men had to have this, that the Catholic Church couldn't have all to all of it to themselves, and they begin to work tirelessly. They begin to memorize scripture and they would take it back. They would write it down. They'd work throughout the night. What were they doing? They were striving for the master. They were literally striving for the master. And that word strive, it means to be to try very hard to do something or to make something happen, especially against all the difficulties. And I believe this that the word is going to it's going to go against the grain of humanity. It's going to go against the grain of of human capabilities. But Jesus said, strive to enter in at the straight gate. Paul said, Paul said in the letter of Colossians, "Whereto I also labor, striving according to his working, which workketh in me might mildly." You begin to think about Paul and all that he was under. How that how he came out out of the Sanhedrin movement, how he came out and he was he was under that he was under the influence of the church world of that day. And you watch as zeal begins to move on the inside of him. I want to go further. It wasn't just zeal, but it was an anointing that came upon Paul that literally changed his name from Saul to Paul. And Paul began to realize that the zeal that he had didn't come from himself. But this zeal came from the mind of God. You think about you think about Paul and all that he was under and all the pressure that he was under tied to a Roman jailer. But he had something on the inside of him that he was going to run his race. He was going to do everything within his power. He stood there and he watched those men as they were in the arenas as they would stand there and they would build their techniques and their talents and their abilities to be better warriors in their field. And Paul stood there and told us to be be strong like a soldier. He told us to finish our course. He said to run this race. You think about the men of the ages and I I think about there's so many that we could name, but I think about William Brandon that ran with everything that was within him. Though he had trial after trial after task after task, he still never gave up on his purpose. He had a zeal to bring this message and to drop a seed to its designated spot. You see men that would raise up under their messenger and would be a final voice to the final generation. Men like Ed Biscll, men like Harold Hilderbrandt, men like Roy Shrewberry, more like Homer Fraser and Charlie Spencer. And the names go on, but they ran their race. They gave their lives. What was it for? They were filled with a zeal to make sure that this seed gets to its destination. I'd say like the prophet said, they were perseverant. They had made up in their mind that there was a goal ahead of them and they were going to see that they achieve that goal. Now the prophet said in Jehovah Gyra, he said, "Now what influence I have, I try to use it to honor Christ and to bring sinners to repentance. It's all that I know to do." Hoping at that day and trusting that he will say, "It was well done." And that's the words I want to hear him say. He said, 'Ive often wondered, I'd like to heard him say when he stood there and stretched his arms that day and said, "Come unto me all ye that are heavy lad and labor and heavy laden." He said, "Now that was past, but well down, well done, my good and faithful servant will be in the future, and I'm living to hear that said again in testimony." He said, "May we shape our lives by self-control that we'll know by the help of the Holy Spirit to have full confidence that Jesus will say, "Well done, my good and faithful servant at that day in the thigh and church age." He said, now he picks up the scripture said, "I know your service." Jesus said that he that is greatest of all is servant to all. A wise man commented on that saying and here is what he said. Only history will prove the truth of that dictim. That man was right. All the truly great men of history have been servants. They who demanded to be served. Though they who oppress, they who oppressed and though they who sought to always be at the head have gone down in shame. Even the very rich are condemned by God when they have not used their wealth. But look into history and you will find that they that truly the great were those who served others. History can never acclaim to those for whom much was done. But it will forever praise those who did much for others. Now let us apply that to ourselves. Even the son of man as a son of man came to be ministered unto but to minister. So we are to follow that example. see him as he bows himself over the feet of the apostles and washes their tired feet, dirty feet. He he he said, "You don't know now what I'm doing, but you will know hereafter, but what you see me doing, you ought to also do." He became a servant in order that God could elevate him to the highest of heights. He became a servant so that God could elevate him to the highest of heights. And if we are ever going to be elevated, we've got to become and have the heart of a servant. And one day in the judgment of the saints, we are going to hear him say, "Well done, good and faithful servant. Enter thou into the joys of the Lord." He said, "It's hard to be always a servant, but those who spend are and are spent for others will one day be seated with him in his throne and it'll be worth it all then." You ever you ever done something and and it seems like you never got anything or nobody nobody ever thanked you for it? You ever done something in life and spent your energies and it looks like you were overlooked? I want you to know this that you weren't. Amen. That serving is like serving is like going up a river on a on a on a foggy river and it seemed like it might be going upstream and it seems like it's pointless that you're just going through the motions and and you keep digging in with your oars and you're digging in and it's a struggle the constant time because you can't see where you're going. You can't see to the left and you can't see to the right because the fog is so thick. But there's a voice at the back of the boat that is guiding you through the fog. He's guiding you there because the master of the ship has already chartered this river. He's been down this river before. He knows what the way to take. Like Job said, he knows the way that I take. And when he brings me forth, I will come forth like pure gold. You may not understand the way that you're taking right now. You may not understand the way that you're serving right now. But if you'll keep listening to the voice at the back of the boat that is guiding you silently in the unseen, it'll lead you to your destination. And we realize that that's the kind of battle that you and I are in right now. That we are facing an uphill battle. There is nothing about Leoa that is easy. There is nothing about Leoa that that that just seems to just make life easier except for modern inventions. But we realize that the spirit that we are facing of this age is to make us lukewarm and comfortable to the events that are going on around us. We clearly see that these are modern events that are being made clear by prophecy because we had an eagle eye begin to tell us about these things. But you watch how that Satan comes in there and he tries to make you lukewarm and he tries to make you comfortable to the scenes that you are seeing of men dressing up like men. Very very few do you see like that anymore. He tries to make you comfortable with men dressing up like women and women dressing up like men. I tell you one thing, I can't even I can't even let my wife go into places anymore. Not only do men hit on her, but last night women was hitting on her. My goodness. And it wasn't here at church, thank God. But thank God, Sister Brenda was there to back her up. But literally, Leoa wants to make us comfortable with sin. You realize that if you're ever going to build a boil a frog that you can't just turn up the heat all of a sudden. You've got to you've got to stick it in there. If you put that frog in that bowl and water, he's going to jump right out of there. But how you bowl a frog is you put him in there in water that he's comfortable with, that he's comfortable with, and then you slowly begin to raise the temperature, and make him get comfortable in the atmospheres that he's living in. You see, you've got to fight to live in this era that you're living in. We are facing every demon spirit to make us comfortable. But you know that whatever you yield to the Lord, that is what God can use. You see, Daniel yielded his prayer life to the Lord and God used his prayer life. David yielded his sling to the Lord and God used his sling. Moses yielded that rod and God used the rod. You see, whatever you yield to the Lord, God will use it. Brother man said, "Grace is what God did for me, but works is what I do for God." He said, 'Now, they'll make a doctrine out of it. They think that works is what wins your marriage. If it is, it isn't a free gift, but grace is what God did for you. By grace, you are saved. It's not by you working. And works is what you do in appreciation of the grace that he showed to you if you love him. You want to do you like to do the works of the Lord. Now Paul said in Colossians 3 and23 that whatsoever you do do it heartily as to the Lord and not unto men knowing that of the Lord that you shall receive the reward of the inheritance. For ye serve the Lord Jesus. That is where it matters at. It's who you're serving and why you're serving it. Why? What is your objective in serving the Lord? What is your objective in coming to the house of God? What is your objective in listening to the message? That whatever you do, do it heartily unto the Lord. You know that that is a spirit that's a spirit of a good and faithful servant. It's not about title. It's not about talent. And it's not about the size of the job that you're that you're doing, but it's simply about doing your task. It's about doing your part in God's plan with all of your heart. Not everybody's going to preach. Not everybody's going to sing. There's going to be some that pray in silent and then some that pray in public. There's going to be some that preach in silence and there's going to be some that preach in public. There's going to be some that witness the Holy Ghost in private and some that witness it in the public. There is many diversities. But notice this. Let me remind you about the 11th hour worker. He came in at the last moment, but he got the same pay. He had the same power. He had the same anointing. So whether you pray in public or pray in private, God has not forsaken you. Whether you hallelujah, whether you sing, whether you dance, God has not left you alone. You get the same Hallelujah. You little housewives, you get the same pay as a preacher. and the pastor that gets up every weekend and declares that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. But what matters is the field that you're working in. Don't let Satan tell you you're too late to run. Don't let him tell you you're too late. I say it's time to get in the field. I'd say it's time to get in and run with this message, to do everything that you got so that you can hear those words, well done. Well, nobody sees me. It doesn't matter who sees you. One time, one time when JFK was walking through the NASA, he was walking through the NASA uh this the the space exhibits there and he was he was walking down through there and there he was walking through he was walking through and just checking out and they was giving him a full tour of NASA's facilities and all these things. JFK comes upon a janitor that is working there and he's just sweeping the floor. JFK asked him said, "Now, what do you do here?" And without reservation, he said, "Well, I'm help Mr. President. I'm helping put a man on the moon." He didn't stand there and say, "You know what? I I just sweep around here and I just clean up everybody else's mess." But he recognized that his task was as important as the astronaut that got in there. And if you can ever come to that spot in your life that it isn't about title, it isn't about association, it isn't about who sees you, but it matters if you're doing it for the right reasons. When we were in the middle of a space race, there was a janitor that recognized his position. And if you can recognize your position, if you can recognize the power of prayer, if you can recognize about a mama being a token mama, hallelujah. Another man was said in the Philadelphiaian church age, "Now works are fine, they don't save you. They don't make you perfect. It is Christ that perishes. It is not even Christ and works. It is Christ alone." This age began the years of our manyism and does not believe in Christ that does not believe in Christ as the reality. It does not sing of nothing but the blood for it sings nothing but the blood in my own conduct. I believe in good conduct. He said if you're saved you will do righteously. We have already gone over that. But let me tell you now salvation is not Jesus plus. It is Jesus alone. Salvation is of the Lord from start to finish. It is, oh God. Let his life be in me. Let his blood cleanses me. Let it be his spirit that fills me. Let it be his word in my heart and my mouth. Let it be his stripes that heal me. Let it be Jesus and Jesus alone. Not by works of righteousness which I have done, but Christ is my life. When you look at Noah, why was he pushed so hard to build an ark? It was what he was typifying. You look at Abraham where it says that he was faithful in the promises. What zeal did Abraham have that would push him against hope to believe in hope? Why? There was something calling him to produce a seed to produce and manifest. Hallelujah. They had a zeal to do the work of the Lord and to produce that seed. You say, "What was pushing them?" Brother Andrew, predestination. What pushes you to push and push and persevere. It isn't your own human ability. It isn't your own human makeup. It isn't the family that you're born in. Because notice in the parable in Matthew 25, the abilities were in them, but the talents gave came from the master. He gave them stock of his own kingdom. So let me say it like this. He gave them the message of the hour. He put it in their hand. He give them over,200 sermons to listen to. He gave them everything they had need of. And he looked on them and said, "Go out there and build my kingdom." They didn't get it on their own. They didn't have that on their own. They got it from the master. Hallelujah. They got it from the master. Notice what the scriptures characterize them as diligent, faithful, and they went and traded. They put the money that the master entrusted with that he he entrusted them with it and they begin to put it into use. They begin to witness like Acts 1:8 said that you will be a witness unto me after powers come upon you. They begin to take the message and put it in its intended use. And not only did they go out and sew it, but they brought forth many returns. And I love what the scripture said that as soon as the master was gone that immediately they begin to apply the stock that the master had given and they begin to go immediately and trade. I love when people would come to the prophet said now do I go to seminary? I've been I feel like I'm I feel like I'm a real Christian. I feel like God's called me to do something. Do I go to a seminary? He said absolutely not. He said while your candle's lit go out there and run your race. They didn't wait to go out there and sew their seed. They didn't go out there and start making trade. They went out there immediately. You look about Jesus's life. He didn't waste no time getting started. He didn't waste no time getting started. He recognized what he was born for. And if you can come to that position in life, what you've been raised for and what you were born for. And Jesus comes and you find him at the early age of 12 years old and he's standing there and he's teaching scholars. He's beginning to he's beginning to teach them and take them through the scriptures and his mother is looking for him. He said, "Don't you know that I'll be about my father's business?" Jesus consumed himself with the father's business. I was reading I was reading in a in a in a message brother Maram said and he was talking about the maniac of Gada. He said what was driving Jesus? He said he was so possessed with the father's with the father's business. He said he was so possessed. He said he'd been out there all day and all night healing the sick and preaching to them and teaching them. He said but he took a chance. He took a chance and he got out there on them roaring waves with a chance. Do you want to hear what the prophet said? He said the reason he took a chance was for one soul. Because he wanted to get to that maniac. He was tired. He was weary. You look at the missionaries that we have in this message that give all that they've got for the message of the hour. They put themselves in dangers. They put themselves in sometimes prison situations, just for a chance. You think about your pastor in China. He was this close to being put in prison, but it was for a chance. And I'd say that chance paid off. You look at you look at the times that brother Ed Bisll was locked up and you look at these other brothers for a chance at one. They don't have to hear me say it, but I say well done. I say well done. But here's it. Jesus recognized he was a son under commission to do the works of the father. And you realize this that if a man is born of the word, he will produce that word, his life, his fruit, his works will be a product of the seed that God deposited. You don't have to make it happen. The sheep does not have to manufacture wool. It just simply grows out. Amen. You notice when the master comes to him, he comes to them and he gives some five, some two, and some one. But you notice, you notice the master's words to the five and to the two. He says the same thing. He doesn't change his verbiage. He doesn't change what he says, but he simply says the same thing. Come on now. He says the same thing. The master is praising the one that had five and he got five. He's praising the one that had two and he got two. So God is showing us that he values faithfulness over top the magnitude of what you bring in. Are you with me? He vows you magnitude over it. He vows you more than your accomplishments. It's what you're doing with what you've been given. I say it's high time that David rise up and take what he's been given. Take what he's been given and do something for the kingdom of God. God's not going to measure you. I'm so thankful for that. I'm thankful that God's not going to measure me to the caliber of the accomplishments of William Brandham cuz there's no way in my lifetime that I could ever accomplish near or 1% of what he did. I'm so thankful that I don't have to accomplish what Ed Bisll did and what Ron Spencer did. But all God is requiring of me is I take what I've been given and I do something with it for the kingdom of God. Come on, mas, come on, daddies. Come on, young people. What has been put in your hand? Will it be said of you, cast out, cast out the unfaithful? Cast out the one that can't produce anything. Cast out the one that that never spent no time spreading my gospel and telling somebody about Jesus. Or will he say, "Good and faithful servant. Well done. Enter into the joys of the Lord. You notice the scripture in Isaiah 9 and6 when he comes to establish his kingdom. This is how he establishes it. That unto us a child is born and unto us a son is given and the government shall be upon his shoulders and his name shall be called wonderful counselor of the mighty God, the everlasting father, the prince of peace. of the increase of his government and peace there shall be no end upon the throne of David and upon his kingdom to order it and to establish it with judgment and justice from henceforth even forever. The zeal of the Lord of hosts will perform this that word zeal it denotes an order or an intense desire in accomplishing the object that is ahead. And when Jesus when the word comes to the prophet that he's going to establish his kingdom, he was going to establish his kingdom. He simply says that the zeal of Yahweh is going to be the one that performs it. Nothing else is going to do it. You're not going to get the last seat here, but the zeal of the Lord will do it. You're not going to have to produce a baby Mary, but the zeal of the Lord will do it. Isaiah, it's not up to you to fulfill the prophecy, but the zeal of the Lord will do it. I don't have to produce a bride, but the zeal of the Lord will do it. It's not up to me if you make the rapture or not, but it's the zeal of the Lord that will perform a body change. Hallelujah. So if Jehovah has an intense desire to fulfill his promise, how much more as sons and daughters of God? Now God didn't give out all the details. He didn't give out the details how he was going to do it, how that he was going to wait 800 years. He didn't give out the details of how Mary was going to be espoused to Joseph and Joseph was going to want to put her away privately. He didn't give the details of that. He didn't give the details of her age. He didn't give the details of where she was going to grow up. He just simply said, "This is how I'm going to establish my kingdom, and it's my zeal that's going to perform it." He didn't say in the scripture in Malachi 4 that he was going to raise up a hillbilly Kentucky, but he simply said the zeal of the Lord's going to perform it. He doesn't always give an answer, but zeal is seen in the Hebrew as God's passion. God was passionate to bring his word to pass. It is said that zeal in the Greek is like a love and a fervor. of a jealous husband. Not jealous in the sense of jealousy, but jealous like our father that Paul would say, "I am jealous over you with a godly jealousy." And God is passionate about his word coming to pass. Let me say, let me say this to you. Just like Mary was born to see the performance of the Lord in her life, you have been born for such an hour as this. And you don't have to work it up. You simply know that God is has a passion. He's got a passion for his bride. He's got a passion for this word. He's got a passion for a virgin wife. He's got a passion for a womb that he could that he could literally put his his personal seed in that will result in eternal life. And there he doesn't have to worry. He don't have to worry about her. The husband doesn't have to worry about his wife because he's locked this seed on the inside of her womb. And brother Brandham said, "You can't go out and commit adultery because your womb is already sealed. You can't go out and flirt around with other men because your womb's already been sealed. Your soul's been sealed. And God is passionate. God is passionate to pregnant the body of Jesus Christ with his own seed word. So Satan showed up too late. He showed up too late. That's what he was trying to do to Eve. That's what he was trying to do to Sarah. That's what he was trying to do to Tamar. That's what he was trying to do to Rahab. He was trying to fill their womb with contaminated seed. But the zeal of the Lord, the zeal of the Lord kept them for the hour. Woo. Good to be home. Well, you say, "Well, how am I going to get through this? I don't have the strength to get through it." I say the word is a living word. He'll give you the resistance to deflect every negative thought. He'll give you the resistance to stand against all the gates of hell. For Isaiah 40 and 29 says, he giveth power to the faint and to them that have no might. He increases strength. Even the youth shall faint and be weary. And the young men shall utterly fail fall. But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. What are you saying, brother Angel? I'm saying that the zeal of the Lord. If this if this zeal of the Lord is in you, it consumes you. It possesses your reigns. All you know to do is the word of the Lord. Let me say no matter what comes, if you've got this zeal, this passion for the word, you cannot be deterred. I'm going to preach to you. You can't be deterred from Satan's mission. You can't be deterred by by simply others ideas, but you have a passion. You have a zeal to bear the seed, to manifest the seed, to produce what God has ordained. This zeal is more than an occupation. This zeal is more than a profession. But it's a godly zealous. It's a divine mission. It's kind of like God sending out his super agents. God's sending out his super agents to go out there and spy out Canaan. And there's going to be all kinds of people that don't have the zeal that you have. They don't have the anointing that you have. They don't have the walk that you have. They don't have the understanding that you have. They can't walk where you walk. They can't climb in realms where you climb. But God has ordain ordained you and anointed you to walk up there. Walk up there. And there's going to be 10 other people that say, "We can't go up there." There's going to be 10 other spies that go up and say, "We can't have this." Now, they were zealous because they watched Moses stand there. But in fight, in spite in spite of it all, there was two, Joshua and Caleb. And they wasn't afraid. They wasn't afraid by what they saw. They just saw the bigger the giant, the harder they fell. They was not pushed around by other people's ideas. They was not pushed around by what men said. They was not pushed around by people saying that the days of miracles is passed. They simply said, "My God is more than able." They had a godly jealousy to perform the word of the Lord. It wasn't it wasn't something their daddy handed down to them. It wasn't something their granddaddy handed down to them. This was a personal revelation. It's kind of like the woman with a blood issue. That wasn't somebody else's idea. And like Jarius last night, it wasn't somebody else's idea. It was his personal revelation. Now, where did she get that? Where did she get that revelation from? It was a zeal of the Lord to perform the word. And that word anchored in her heart. and she simply got to Jesus. That's why Caleb and Joshua, they didn't put that self, they didn't put that there. But God was going to have a witness. When God anchored that womb, that word on the inside of Mary, you read the scriptures. Joseph didn't understand it. He was betrod to her. He had his doubts. He was wanting to put her away. He was going to bring a bad name to him. But all of a sudden, he had a conference with an angel. And Revelation set in. I want I wanted to just paint this for you. He was a red-blooded man. He was a red-blooded male. He put away his fleshly desires for a wife to make sure that the seed was protected because he did not Hallelujah. He did not want to entangle himself. He wanted to simply be in the fulfillment of the angel's message. He simply wanted to line himself up there with a godly zealousness to bring and perform the word of the Lord. So he put aside his flesh. And that's got to be the way you got to do in your own life. You got to put aside your flesh. You got to put aside your wants and your desires and your ideas. You got to put aside your fleshly things. Sure, you want to go out and have a good time. Sure, there's a lot of things in Leoya that we can enjoy. But you got to do like Joseph and put aside your flesh so the seed can manifest to its true origin. Let me let me just come come this way. Heaven does not keep score like we do because the earth celebrates influence. The earth celebrates numbers and popularity and performance. But heaven celebrates obedience, humility, and faithfulness. Jesus said in Luke 16:15, "For that which is highly esteemed amongst men is an abomination in the sight of God." You remember the woman with the two mites when she was standing there and she threw all that she had. There was some men that was standing there were rich men and they they gave in of their abundance. But this little woman came in there. She came in there and she gave all that she had. She didn't hold nothing back. She gave all of her living. She was kind of like had it right. She gave all that she had. And because she gave all that she had, God remembered her. And Jesus said that this woman, she's the one that's done the right thing. She gave everything she's got. I don't want to be the man that had the message and I didn't run with it. But I want to be the man that gave all I got. Come on, somebody. I want to run with every energy in me. I want to push for every seed. I want to preach till every prodal comes back home. I want to preach to every devil's cast out. I'd wear I'd rather wear out than rust out any day. I want to run. I want to chase. I want to [Applause] follow. Moses was filled with zeal. David was sealed was filled with zeal. Nobody else would stand up but David would. Moses threw himself in a breach. What was it? It was of the zeal of the Lord. Brother man said, "I always question that. How did God How did he not smite Moses for standing in the breach of them people that was condemning God?" He said, "But then I seen it was Christ and Moses." What was it? It was a zeal of the Lord to perform it. What was it in Paul? What was it in Mary Magdalene? What was it in Daniel? These Old Testament prophets had a zeal to bring forth a seed and to manifest it. Look at William Brandham. He was running not on emotion, but he was running on the zeal of the Lord. And William Brandham could have had all the applause of men that he wanted to. With his gift, he could have owned this world. But I want you to know that private obedience is better than public applause because Jesus said in Matthew 6:4 that thine arms may be in secret and thy father which seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly. What are you saying? I'm saying you may not get no applause here. There's many things that are done in this church and I could call their names because I have insight. men that do things for this church, women that do things for this church, and they don't do it for your applause, they don't do it for my applause, they simply do it for the cause of Jesus Christ. But then there's people in churches, not maybe not this church because we're all angels, that simply do things because they want somebody to pat them on the back. I know that ain't here, but who cares who sees it and who doesn't see it? As long as a father sees it. Now look in Matthew 25 he said he gave unto them according to their own ability. So God is not going to judge you according to what others have. He's going to judge you and heaven is going to keep score according to the what God's given you and what you do for it. He's not going to hold me accountable for what brother William does and brother Ron does. He's going to hold me accountable for what I do. What are you saying, brother? I'm saying I want to do everything within my power to hear those two words. Well done. Amen. And Paul said in 1 Corinthians 3 and 13, "Every man's work shall be made manifest. For the days shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire, and the fire shall trial try every man's work of what sort it is. And if any man's work abide, which he hath built thereon, he shall receive a reward." And I begin to look at that and I begin to think about the reward of the overcomers in all the seven church ages. That the overcomer is the heir of all things. The overcomer overcomes by the word. It's not what he has to overcome, but it's how he overcomes. You look in Revelations 2 and 7, the spirit says, I'll give him that overcomer in the Ephesian church age. I'll give to eat of the tree of life which is in the midst of the paradise. In Revelations 2:11, he said that he that overcomemeth shall not be hurt of the second death. So God is granting you eternal life to the believer. In the pgamin church age, it says that I will to him that overcomemeth will I give to eat of the hidden mana and I will give him a white stone and in the stone a new name written. It always God always has hidden strength for his believers just like the widow. Just like the woman, he had hidden mana there. And it was under Revelations 10:7 that all the mana that is given to the children is now here. And you can feast daily on it. In Revelations 3:5, it said, "He that's overcometh the shame shall be clothed in white raignment. And I will not blot out his name." Hallelujah. I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will confess his name before my father and his angels. Brother Brandham said he is going to reward them that follow this advice. Brother Brandham, I was reading it this morning. Brother Brandham said, don't he said they had an old saying. He said, keep your skirts clean. Keep your skirt clean. He said it simply meant this is don't involve yourself in things that you don't need to be involved in. In the Philadelphiaian church age, it says, "Him that overcomemeth will I make a pillar in the temple of my God." I want to read this to you. Brother Man said, let let me let me go back and read verse 11 so to capture the full view for you. He said, "Behold, I come quickly. Hold that fast which thou hast and no man take thy crown. Him that overcomemeth will I make a pillar in the temple of my God. And he shall go no more out. And I will write upon him the name of my God, and the name of the city of my God, which is New Jerusalem, which cometh down out of heaven from my God, and I will write upon him my new name. Now notice what brother Manner says in the church age, in the Philadelphiaian church age, he said, now he has not only given crowns, but he says that these in the bride will be made pillars in the temple of God. But what is the temple of God? Jesus spoke of his body as being the temple. It was it was the temple of God. But now that we are in his body, the true church is the temple of God by the Holy Ghost within us. Now he's going to try to make that overcomer a pillar in the temple. But what is a pillar? A pillar is actually Hallelujah. A pillar is actually a part of the foundation for it upholds the superructure. Praise God. That puts the overcomer right in with the apostles and prophets. Ephesians 2:19 says, "Now therefore, you are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints of the household of God, and are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone, in whom we all in whom the all the body fitly framed together, groweth into a holy temple in the Lord, in whom you are also builded together for a habitation of God through the spirit. The reward of all the overcomers of all the ages from Ephesians all the way to brother Brandham said it pertains to every overcomer but the final one said to him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne. That's the overcomers overcomer's highest reward. It's the privilege to set down and to reign with him. God keeps score. But nobody else does. I love what Paul said in Hebrews 6:10. God is not unjust to forget your work and your labor of love. He sees how you took oil with you when others forgot it. He sees how you stayed in prayer when others couldn't pray. God keeps score based on finishing and not starting. Because Paul said to those that walked away, he said, "You did run well, but who hindered you?" Paul said in 2 Timothy 4:7, "I fought a good fight, and I finished my course. I've kept the faith. Henceforth, there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day, not to me only, but to them also that love his appearing." Paul received a crown for not starting. He received a crown for finishing. There's a lot of people that's got a lot of energy in 1965. There's a lot of people that had a lot of energy in 1977. There's a lot of people that had a lot of energy when they begin to see modern events being made clear by prophecy. And there's going to be a lot of people that are are real they're real zealous when when Los Angeles falls underneath the ocean. There's going to be a lot of people zealous when they start riding in cars and it starts driving them down the road. What are you waiting on? There's a lot of people that's had a lot of energy when they were sitting in this building. There's a lot of people that had a lot of energy when they had the pastor with them. But when you wasn't with your pastor and when you wasn't in this atmosphere, can it be said about you? Well done. I love this. Notice I finished my course. You know that when Solomon writes out the book of Ecclesiastes in chapter 3, there's 14 pairs of times and seasons that that Solomon begins to type back and forth. He begins to say, "It's a time of season. It's time to sow. It's time to reap. It's time this. It's time to kill. It's time to die. It's time to win. It's time." You remember what he says there. But he never says it's time to quit. He never says there's a time to back up. He never says there's a time to give in. But he simply said, he simply said there's a time for victory. I'd say what are you waiting on? It's time to run with everything that's within you. That's right. Paul said, "The crown, it goes to the faithful. To him that endures temptation shall receive the crown of life. And when the chief shepherd, Peter said, shall appear, you shall receive the crown of glory. The fateth not await, there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness." What will be said about you? I want to have a real sovereign moment. What will be said about you? Did you dig it? put it in the ground because you were fearful of what he was commanding you to do with this message. Was you ashamed of that picture? There's going to be some people that are called to preach and there's some people that's called to witness on the street. God's a God that all lots that. What' you do with what you have been given? Been going through the seals lately. been listening to him over and over again. And I I was coming down to the end of the sixth seal. I heard a prophet. He said, "Now this was a dream." He said, "This was a dream." He said, he said, "There," he said, "we standing before." He said, "There I was." He was standing. He said, "Now," he said, "Now this was not the judgment." He said, "But this was when crowns were given out." And he said, "Jesus is standing there and the recording angel." He said there was masses of people that was standing there and he said out of that out of that corridor was white ivory steps and I I they caught my attention because I was just given a gift that was made out of ivory. My ears begin to prick up and I I hear these I heard this thing. Brother Baron said, "Out of that out of those steps," he said, "thos ivory steps." He said, "It was like a panoramic." And he said, "They wind it down this way." And he said, "There standing there," he said, "was the recording angel. There was a recording angel." Brother Marham said, "I was standing there and he said, I could hear him saying he would call out this name." And he said, brother M said, I pricricked up and said, I know that name. And the voice said, well done, my good and faithful servant. Enter into the joys of the Lord. He said, he said, I watched them. He said, as they entered into that city, he said, they went over on the high mountains and the high places. And he said, he said, and went in there. I found it amazing that they do exactly what we do here. He said they was dancing and shouting and hollering. When they heard that word, well done, he said, I heard another name. He said, well, I know that name. He said, I was standing there. He said, I was just watching. He said, I was having myself a time of my life. He said, watching my brothers and my sisters walk in and their name was called. He said, I knew them on earth. He said, I watched them enter in there. Well done, good and faithful servant. Enter into the joys of the Lord. He said, "Then I heard," he said, "Then I heard Orman Neville's name." He said, "I know him." He said, "I know him." He said, "And when brother Neville walked in there and he said, 'Well done, my good and faithful servant. Enter into the joys of the Lord." He said, "Brother Neville," he said, he started shouting and started hollering. He said, "I was just as happy out there watching them." I want to say this, Full Gospel Lighthouse, that's the way I'll be. I knew Jim Noel. I knew Jordan Martin. I knew Alen Fraser. I knew Tom Hill. I knew Denny Vance. I knew them. I want to be standing there that day when he says, "Well done, little bride. Well done. Well done. You gave it all you got. You didn't reserve nothing. Well done. Well done. Hallelujah. When Jesus says, "Well done, enter into the joy of the Lord." Let the musicians come. Enter into the joys of the Lord. In the original Greek, brother Doug, it means come and celebrate with me. Can you imagine a master and he's watched you through your broken heart? He's watched you go through the struggles of bearing the reproach of the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Others condemning you, others mocking you and make fun of you. But you kept on serving. You kept on rowing. You kept passing the time and you went through the struggles. But the master comes says, "Well done. Well done, Mother Ron. I've watched you here on earth. I've seen the witness of the Holy Ghost in your life. I don't have to say well done to you, but we as a church say well done. But I want to be standing real close when I get to see my pastor stand there and the master's looking on him and the recording angel calls Ron Spencer's name. And we hear the master say, "Well done." I don't know if we'll go in before him or we'll go in after him, but either way, I'm going to be standing there. Either way, I'm going to be standing real close and I'm going to hear him say, "Well done. Well done. Well done. Well done. Well done. Well done. Well done." God bless [Applause] you. That's my name. my shame pass my blame till he called my name I'm so glad he changed darkness held me down Jesus pulled me out I'm no longer bound I'm so glad he changed me see now new creation in Christ. The old has gone. There's no life. I live by faith by [Music] sight. There is a king that's written down in glory. And it's mine. This is mine. See, I kept the author of the story and it's mine. Is my sin left by Jesus open my eyes, but now I see the light. I'm so glad he changed me. Walking free. I've got the victory and it's all over me. I'm so glad he changed me tonight. I'm the new creation in Christ. The alone is gone. There's no life. My faith on my [Music] side. There is a name that's glory and it's mine. Yes, he's mine. You can see I can author my story and he's mine. There is a name. Oh, do you see your name? Oh, say that's my name and it's mine. See, I get the author story and he's mine. If we sing it again, there is a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. This is mine. See, I get the author of my story and he's mine. I am who I am because I am who I am. I am who I am because I am worthy who I am. I am because I am the lion. I am I am there is a faith that's written down before me and it's see how the [Music] m is mine. There is a name in glory and it's mine. This is mine. See, I got the author of my story and it's [Music] mine. Well, let's sing that again. I am who I am because I am worthy. I am I am who I am because I am who I am. I am who I am because I am I am who I am because I am. There is a name that's written down in glory and it's mine. Yes, it's mine. See, I am the author of my story and he's mine. Oh, Jesus is mine. Oh, Jesus is mine. Oh, everywhere I go. Oh, everywhere I be. Oh, Jesus is mine. Oh, Jesus is mine. Oh, Jesus is mine. Oh, everywhere I go. Oh, everywhere I'll be. Oh Jesus is mine. Let's see it again. I said Jesus is mine. Oh Jesus is mine. Oh everywhere I go, everywhere I'll be. Oh Jesus is mine. Oh I said to call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, Jesus lie down. Well, if you need your healing, tell him what you want. I said, "If you need your healing, tell him what you want." Oh, if you need your healing, tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Tell him what you want. If you need the Holy Ghost, I said, "If you need the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want." Oh, if you need Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. going to give you Holy Ghost. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Tell him Oh, call him up. Well, I said to call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. I said call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Call heaven up and tell him what you want. Give the Lord praise this morning. Oh, we serve an awesome God. Amen. Amen. What a wonderful service we've had this morning, ain't we? Amen. I tell you, the glory of the Lord has just been with us this weekend. Amen. How many do we have here that's going to be baptized this morning? You just see by way of hands this morning. Amen. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Maybe we could have each each one of y'all that's going to be baptized like to gather here around the altar. We just pray with you before we go into baptism this morning. Amen. So just come down this morning here. Amen. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God bless you. I tell you what a masterpiece of a sermon this morning. Amen. Amen. Few weeks ago, the Lord laid on my heart to have brother William to speak and then brother Andrew to speak when he after he came home and after this weekend I say I believe I was led of the Lord. Amen. Amen. We're so honored to be here for you and to help you through this this phase of your life. And I I'll just speak to you just for a moment. Our buddy called me this morning. He said, "I want to be baptized." I just have to tell you, I thought my world I thought my heart was going to blow up. And this is eternal life that we're dealing with here. For those that know the scriptures, it's just kind of common to you. Well, for those that are young in the in the gospel, in the Old Testament, they would take the sacrifice and they would take it and they would offer it unto God. But before they would offer it unto God, they would wash it. And our bodies have got to be washed. These are bodies that we were born in. And and no matter how small you are, we're born in sin and shapen iniquity. And so God wants our bodies to be a living sacrifice. And hey, we can't serve the Lord on our own. And uh boy, you've got beautiful eyes. And we can't serve the Lord on our own. We need him to come and live on the inside of us. Now, when Jesus was standing there with his disciples and he was telling them to be baptized in the name of the father and of the son and of the holy ghost and he told those disciples, take this to the whole world. Never in the scriptures was anybody baptized in the titles of father, son, and holy ghost. They're titles. That's not the name. Sister Connie was as born a Frasier, but she took on my name as my bridegroom. And that's what we're doing here today. We're taking on his name. It gives you check writing ability and you sign Mrs. Jesus Christ. and today we stand here to do this. And on the day of Pentecost, Peter stood up and he began to preach. And if you'll time yourself when you're reading that, it's it's about three minutes. Amen. And it shook the world. And he said, "Men and brethren, what shall we do to be saved?" And he said, "Repent." That doesn't give you a a check card to where that you go back and do the same over again. The old man dies. Truly dies to the old man. Habits, nature, all of that has to die. And God takes the desire of that out of you. And then he says, repent and be baptized. There's something for us to do. and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Now, that's not all of it. Amen. And then God made us a promise that he will come and fill your life with the Holy Ghost. You say, "How will I know that?" Well, you'll just know cuz every one of our experiences will be different. Some will receive great gifts. Some will just feel a just a little wind to come. But listen, when you begin to watch him live on the inside of you, you come to situations that you would have did it a lot different, but when it comes again and you see God's working on the inside of me. And so today, we just invite him. Now, let me just say this to all of our younger believers. Amen. Whenever you feel the warm presence of the Holy Spirit come into your room. When you're alone and he comes near to you and you know that's God, I want you to just stop and take a moment and say, "Father, fill my heart with more of you." I don't care how old you get to be. You just stop and say, "Father, fill my heart with more of you." Amen. Isn't he wonderful to us? And amen. I'm so honored to to be able to stand here and and be with you today. And I'm so I'm so pleased of what God's going to do in your life. Amen. There's five of you that your father is Levi. Levi. Levi's children. Is that correct? Am I in it? Amen. Could you just raise your hand? Amen. Five of you. Hey, I wanted to God bless you. Congratulations for being here. Amen. Amen. Could we just take hands one with another now and I want to pray with you. Amen. Thank you, brother William. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Let's pray together. And in this prayer, I want you to say, "Father, fill my life with your presence." As I'm baptized today and I'm taking the next step, I'm asking you to fill my heart. [Music] Father, I'm so honored to stand here with these ones to be [Music] baptized. I pray that you'd help them today. You brought them into this precious moment in life. And as they walk into this watery grave, God, you made them a [Music] promise. You'll be buried in my name. I'll raise you up now. Lord Jesus, I ask you to touch their lives. Each and every one of individuals. Pray that you'd touch them today. Lord, we can't take a rapture till the last one comes in. Who knows that today we're seeing some of these last ones? I ask you to bless their lives. I ask you to help us to be the right kind of pastor to them. Lord, may they be better sons and daughters of God, better fathers, mothers. God, I pray that you touch them today. We invite your presence to fill their lives with the Holy Ghost. We pray. Amen. And amen. Amen. And amen. Is he ready? Okay. Amen. So, what we will do is we'll just form a line and brother Gabriel will help us here and we'll just go right in to be baptized. And you have your clothes with you and or towel. Okay. Yeah. Grab that. Amen. Anybody else? Amen. You change your clothes and then just step in. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. All right, let's just turn and go that way. And Amen. God bless you. [Music] Oh, God's fullness dwells in here. [Music] Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my son. Shine my all and all. [Music] creator became my savior and all God's fullness dwell in him. We'll get started in just a moment. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my son. Shine by all in [Music] all the great [Music] creator became a [Music] savior and all the [Music] I thought this morning and as I was just thinking on what the service is going to be like, I thought every one of these individuals are so important. Amen. Right. for our homegoing. Wouldn't you like to be at the service that when that last one comes in? I don't think there's words that can express it. Amen. Our dear ones went to get some clothes and so they didn't we didn't dismiss. They went to get clothes and so they'll be right back. And Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you, brother Andrew. Amen. Father, we come before you today under the commission of thy word. Father, you told us to take and to go and preach the gospel into all nations, teaching them to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Father, we realize, Lord God, the power of that name. It's the name where no other man could be saved but by the name of Jesus Christ. And Father, I pray Lord according to thy word as we baptize her in water that you would baptize her with the fire of the Holy Ghost. May you wash her and make her new according to thy word. We baptize sister Jenny in Jesus name. [Applause] [Music] Heavenly Father, we here in this watery grave today. Sister Naomi has come to take on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And Father, it is according to thy commission, Father. Lord, she heard the word of the Lord as it's went across, Father, and it pricked her heart. Now, Father, I ask Lord, according to thy word, Lord, as you said, if we would repent and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, that we would receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. So, according to thy word, I baptize Sister Naomi in Jesus Christ's name. [Applause] Father, we come before you today, Lord. It's what a privilege it is, Lord, to be standing here in this water. for realizing that the angels of God are encamped about this place. Father, our sister Melinda has come today to take on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And it is no small thing, but we realize that she is wanting to make you her Lord. I pray God that you would come today as she's repented of her sins, has seen the working of the Holy Ghost. I pray that you would come and minister to her according to thy word. Father, I baptize Sister Melinda in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. [Applause] Jesus. Lord Jesus, we realize the sincerity of the moment that we're standing in, Father. Lord, this moment that you have predestined in time, Lord, we have watched, God, how that you've went through the course of time, Lord, and you begin to go throughout the land and call your seed, Father, and begin to manifest, Lord Jesus, what that which you have deposited. And Lord, Steve has been having a stirring on the inside of his heart, Lord. And you've been working, Father. And I pray that the Holy Spirit, Lord, that has been moving over his life, Lord. You told us that if we would repent of our sins, every one of us, and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, that you would give us the gift of the Holy Ghost, Father. Lord, according to thy word, Father, we get ready today to baptize our brother Steve. I pray that you'd raise him up to walk in a newness of life. So according to that word, Father, I baptize our brother Steve in the name of Jesus Christ. [Applause] Lord Jesus. God, what an awesome moment that we're standing in where our sister Dorothy has come to take on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. It is my great privilege to be standing in this water. Father, realizing that not only brother Allen and myself and sister Dorothy is standing here, but our Lord Jesus Christ is near. We ask God today according to our sister's faith in your word. Father, she's repented of her sins, Lord Jesus. And she's come to take on your name to make you Lord over her life. Father, I pray that you would come and fill her with the Holy Ghost and wash her and make her new. Lord, according to thy word, we baptize her in the name of Jesus Christ. May you raise her up to walk in her newness of life. So, Sister Dorothy, we baptize you in Jesus Christ's name. [Applause] What's your name? Lord Jesus, Lord, you said in your word where two or three are gathered in my name, there you'd be in the midst. Father, we recognize, Lord, there's more than two or three in this place. Here in this water, Lord Jesus, we recognize there's more than three of us, God. But thy nearness of the Holy Spirit is here. Our sister Ariana, Father, has come to join the economy and the family of God today and to take on your name in baptism. Father, Lord, according to her faith, Lord Jesus. Lord, you you told us not to push away the children, but to let them come unto you, Father. Lord, according to thy word, Sister Ariana has been pricricked in her heart, Lord, and been quickened to the word of God to take on your name. She recognized that she was born a sinner and shaped in iniquity, Father. She stands here in this watery grave to take on your name. So according to thy word, I baptize sister Ariana in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] Lord Jesus, here's our sister Barbie standing before you, Lord God. She's been faithful to your word, Father, to come here, to stand here, Lord Jesus. She's recognized, Lord, she was wrong. She was born a sinner, Lord. She doesn't even know what she was doing when she was born into this world. But she come here, Father, according to the curse of Adam, we were all born in sin. But Lord Jesus, you come to give us a new life. Give us your spirit, Father, to walk according to thy word. You told us to go and to preach and to teach them, baptizing in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Peter caught that revelation on the day of Pentecost and said, "Repent, every one of you, and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ." So according to thy word, I baptize our sister Barbie in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] Heavenly Father, Lord, it's our privilege to stand here in this watery grave. We see Sister Annie has come here today to be a candidate for the Holy Ghost. Lord, she desires that you would be Lord over her life. And we invite you, Father, into her life just now. God, you said if we would repent, we would turn away from our selfish ways and our pride and our our doings, Father, and repent in your name. It's not just turning away, but it's the power of your name, Lord Jesus. We do it in your name. Be buried in your name that you would give us the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So, according to thy word, I baptize our sister in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] Father God, we stand before you, Lord Jesus, in this sacred moment. Lord Jesus, we're reminded about a Mary that carried our Lord Jesus Christ. Yes. And Lord, our sister Mary has come today to take on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. and I ask God according to thy word. She's repented of her sins. She's made all her wrongs right according to thy word. Father, she doesn't have to stand before a man to make them right. The blood of Jesus Christ forgives her of her of all her wrongs. So, according to thy word, I baptize our sister Mary in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] Lord Jesus, we come to you today. Our sister Ruthie has come to take on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And it's our honor to be standing here, Lord God. Lord, to to witness the power of the Holy Ghost that has worked over her life. Sister Ruthie has repented of her sins and she's asking that you would be Lord over her life. Lord, may you wrong every right, every right in her, every wrong in her life. May you make it right. Lord, may the blood of Jesus Christ wash over her father and make her new. and according to thy word. Father, I baptize our sister in the name of the Lord Jesus [Applause] Christ. Our family home enjoy saying this. Heavenly Father, God, what an honor it is to be standing with this little child. Lord, brother William Wilmer is here today to take on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And the prophet taught us, Lord, as soon as the spirit of the Lord begin to deal with their hearts, to welcome them in to be baptized. Father, we can see that you've been dealing with his heart, Father. Lord, may he may you take away all the nervousness over his life, Lord, and begin to wash him and make him new. Lord Jesus, we see God, today is a breaking of tradition, and it is a walking in under the message of the hour. And Father, I pray God that you would just come today in this watery grave as Brother Wilmer stands here to take on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and that you would fill him with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So according to thy word, we baptize brother Wilmer in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. [Applause] Lord Jesus, our brother Emanuel has come and he's witnessed the word of the Lord to repent and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of his sins. God, according to your word, you will remit his sins in the blood of Jesus Christ. He doesn't have to pay for it, but simply the blood of Christ has already been shed for him. But God, he's come to make you Lord over his life. So according to thy word, I baptize our brother Emanuel in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] Lord God, our brother John has come before you, Father. He has repented of his sins. He's been studying the word of God, and he's seen where he needs to take on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Father, you've seen where you've brought him out of, Father, to walk in this way. Now, God, I pray, Lord, according to his faith in your word, that you would baptize him with the Holy Ghost. Now, Lord Jesus, you told us to go into all the world, and that we have done. So, here in Elton, Virginia, we baptize our brother John in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] Heavenly Father, we come before you again, Lord Jesus, we could stand here and do this all day long, Father, but thou saw every single one of these children. Lord, before they made that decision, Father, there was something stirring on their life. And our brother Alvin has been pricricked by the Holy Ghost to come and take on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Now, he has done his part. Now God, we realize that you're going to do yours. Father, he's repented and now we're baptizing him in the name of the Lord. So God, I pray that you would fill him with your spirit according to thy word. We baptize our brother Alvin in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] was not married. [Applause] We're full. We're full. All the people here at Full Gospel Lighthouse, we're going to help them in all ways. I wish I was that good-look when I was proud of that. Brothers, Father, I stand here, Lord Jesus, with a man of God named after the Apostle Stephen. Lord Jesus, here he is in this watery grave. God, he comes here to take on your name. Lord God, what an honor it is to be standing, Lord Jesus. I didn't get to stand with Paul and Stephen in those days, but I get to stand with the Stephen this day and recognize the power of the Holy Ghost is moving in his life to make him a witness of the Holy Ghost, oh God, wherever he might go. Lord Jesus, I pray that you'd fill him with power like never before. We've seen the witness of the Holy Ghost begin to work on him, come down to the altar and make things right with you, Lord Jesus. Now this decision, Father, we see it now on earth, but God, you saw this in heaven before the foundation of the world. According to thy word, I baptize our brother Stephen in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Father, in your word, Lord Jesus, you said, "Suffer not the little children, but let them come unto me." Here, Lord Amos Jr. today is coming to take on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord God, it might seem a little young to some people to take on the name of the Lord. But what a great honor it is as a young man to witness the Holy Ghost coming and dealing with his heart, Father. According to his decision to take on your name, Father, he's repented of his wrongs. He's made them right according to the blood of Jesus Christ. Now God, I pray that you would fill him with the Holy Ghost. So according to thy word, I baptize Brother Amos in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Applause] Lord God, today we have our brother Michael standing here in this watery grave to come to take on the precious name of Jesus Christ. Father, we realize Lord, the wind of the Holy Ghost begins to move, Father, across his life and begins to deal with him to make his wrongs right according to the blood of Jesus Christ. those things are completely over in his life. Though he may have been si shaped in sin, born in sin, shaped in iniquity, Father, the blood makes it right. I pray according to thy word as we baptize our brother Michael in the name of the Lord that you would come and feel him from the crown of his head to the soles of his feet. So according to that word, me and brother Al and baptize him in the name of Jesus Christ. [Applause] excited Levi. Lord Jesus, our brother Levi stands here in this water. God, come to take on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. God, today is a great day, Father, for we recognize that if one sinner repents, that all the angels in heaven rejoice. God, in the presence of angels is rejoicing. We realize, Lord, there's saints on the other side that are rejoicing over this moment. Lord, the more one more seed, one more trial, one more. We're getting a little bit closer to the day that you change our bodies. Brother Levi has come to take on your name and join the kingdom of God. So, Father, as I baptize Brother Levi, may you fill him with the Holy Ghost, and according to thy word, we baptize him in the name of Jesus Christ. [Applause] Lord Jesus, Lord, Brother David is standing here in this watery grave to come and take on the name of the Lord. God, we ask God according to your word, Lord, as we baptize him in this water. Lord, he would come here to take on your name. And Lord, he's repented of his wrongs. He's turned away from his his old ways, Father. You have dealt with him service after service, Father. And you have dealt with him to come and take on your name. And God, we fulfill your commission in this moment, Lord Jesus, to baptize our brother David. So, according to thy word, we baptize him in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Somebody give God praise in here. Let's stand. Let's stand. Well, let's all go down to the river. There's a man that's walking on the water. Well, come along with me if you want to see that man walking on the water. I said, let's all go down to the river. There's a man walking on the water. Oh, come along with me. If you want to see that man walking home the water, well, he can make the dead raised from the grave, change the water, turn it into wine. And he can make that lame. He can make the dumb talk. Open all the blind eyes to see. Oh, let's all go down to the river. There's a man walking on the [Music] water. Oh, come along with me. If you want to see that man walking over the water. Oh, Jesus is that man at the river and he's washing people's sins away. Hey, he can save your soul if you give him control. Get ready for that judge. [Music] Oh, let's all go down to the river. There's a man walking on the water. Oh, come along with me. If you want to see that man, you're dismissed this morning. God bless you. Let's all go down to the river. There's a man walking on the water. Oh, come along with me. If you want to see that man walking on the water. Oh, Jesus is that man at the river and he's washing people's sins away. Well, he can save your soul if you give him control. Be ready for that judgement
