################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-14 - God Crafting A Worshipper - Bro. Andrew Spencer on September 13th, 2025 - Andrew Spencer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-14
Title:    "God Crafting A Worshipper" - Bro. Andrew Spencer on September 13th, 2025
Speaker:  Andrew Spencer
Church:   Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 54m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5c5fw26NymI
========================================

Description:
If these messages have blessed you, please consider supporting our ministry.
We are very thankful for the help God sends us through praying saints.
Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle is a Non-Profit Christian Ministry and is wholly funded by the tax-deductible donations of our supporters. Please visit our website if you like to support Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. https://www.fullgospellighthousetabernacle.com/live-stream/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Think I'm ready for the rest. Lord, I've never been this whole sick before. Well, I can't see the vending street is all over me. No one or the people anymore. Oh, this lonesome party. Think I'll spread my wings and flying. Lord, I've never been this home sing before. Go see the bright lion shine. Well, it's just about home time. Well, I can't see my father standing at the door cuz the world's been a wilderness. Think I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this. Oh, let's sing it one more time. won't see the bright light shine. Well, it's just about hold time. Well, I can't see my father standing at the door. This whole world's been a wilderness. Think I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I never sold. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord this evening, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Amen. Sing a song, Living He Love Me. Dying, he saved me. Amen. Aren't you glad that he did that all for all of us? Living, he loved me. Dying, he saved me. He carried my sin far away. Rising, he justified freely forever. One day he's coming. What a glorious day. One day when heaven was filled with his praises. One day when sin was black as could be. Jesus came forth to be born of a virgin. Gross amongst me. My example is he living he loved me. Dying to save me. Mary he carried my sins far away rising he justified freely forever one day he's coming what a glorious day one day they let him Calvar's mountain one day they nailed him die on the tree suffering anguish despised and rejected bearing my sins. My redeemer is here. Living he loved me. Dying he save me. Burying he car my sins far away. Rising he just freely forever. One day he's coming. What a glorious day. One day the grave could conceal him no longer. One day the storm roll away from the door. Then he arose. Oh the death he had conered. Now he's sending my love forever more. Living in love of me dying to save me. There we heard [Music] rising teaching [Music] forever. One day he's coming. What a glorious day. One day they left him alone in the garden. One day he rested, suffering free. Angels came down for his tomb to keep it true. Hope for the hopeless. My savior is here. Living he loved me. Dying he to save me. He carried my sins far away. Rising he justified. Bringing forever. One day he's coming. What a glorious day. One day the trumpet will sound for his coming. One day the skies will glories will shine. Wonderful day. My beloved ones bringing glory savior. This Jesus is my living dying to save me. Carry. He carried my sins far away. Rising he justified freely forever. One day he's coming. What a glorious day. Amen. It will be a glorious day. Amen. Those were my nails. That was my crown. How high is your love that you would stretch your arms and go around the world and why for me [Music] the Savior's cry be heard? I don't know why you wait when mine was made to go. I don't know. [Music] Why you love me so? Those were my nails. That was my crown. that place your hands in your [Music] my soul. Those are my Jes. [Music] And just as you save me, you did it all for me. And after you carried the wall, you took my shame, my cross. Oh, how deep is your grace that you see my need and choose to take my place. And for me these words I hear you say, "Father, no. Forgive them for they know not what they do. I will grow because I love his. [Music] Those were my veins. That was my proud that pierce your hand and your pride. Those were my thorns. Those were my scones. Those were my tears that fell down. And just as you said, you did it all for me. And after you carried my cross, you took my shame, my name. [Music] Those were my nails. Those were my names. That was my crown. That is your hand. And your go with my [Music] soul. Those are my tears down. And just as you said with me, you did it all for me. And after you carried it all, you took my shame, my blame on my cross. &gt;&gt; Amen. Aren't you glad that he did all of that for each and every one of us? You're worthy of it all. Worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Oh, let's just sing that again. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For God, you are all and true to you are all you deserve the glory. All the space and angels of the power for your throne and all the elders As their crowns before the lamb of God, you're worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Oh God, you are all and oh you're worthy. Oh, you're worthy I belong. [Music] You're worthy. [Music] For from you are all true. Glory to life. Dream and night and day. [Music] Dream and night and day for day and night. Night and day they sing around. Take life. Night and day. You're worthy of it all. Oh Lord, you're so worthy of praise, honor, and glory this evening. &gt;&gt; Oh, we so love you, Lord. For from you are all things and you are &gt;&gt; Oh, can we just sing that again? You're worthy, oh Lord. You're worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it all. For you are all true to all the glory. Amen. As they play that softly this evening, we'll go to the prayer request. We have many needs that are still amongst us and body that that need our prayer. Many sick want to remember Sarah and then Uriah and Eden that God would just sweep by their home there and just touch their bodies there. want to pray for our pastor, Sister Trista Delaney, Sister Wanda Hinkle, Brother Jeff Breeden, that God would just continue to touch each and every one of them and drive out that cancer. Um, dear church, please keep Jamie and Jada in your prayer. They both are at home not feeling well. Thank you, Sister Mary Ellen. Amen. And also we want to remember sister Janetta this evening not feeling well. We want to pray for her that God would just touch her body strengthen her. I'm going ask brother William if you would just come pray for the needs this evening. Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's bow our heads and our hearts. Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord God, we just love you, Lord, with all that's within us. Lord, we thank you for your presence, Lord, and for your goodness, your grace, and your mercy, Lord. Thank you, oh God, for the gospel. Thank you for the truth. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord, for your love that you would so love us, Lord. While we were yet sinners, you died for us. You laid aside all the splendor of heaven and all the worship of angels. You laid all that aside to come and walk amongst humanity and to allow yourself to be delivered into the hands of sinful men and to be spit upon and mocked and crowned with a crown of thorns. Lord, you allowed yourself to do that and to fall into their hands. You allowed yourself to do that because you seen and you knew that all of humanity, all of the elected, all of your children depended on that very moment, Lord. And you paid the price for our complete salvation, Lord. You paid the price for our healing. You paid the price for everything that we could ever have need of. You paid it at Calvary. And Lord, you watched over us our whole lives. Even before we knew you, even before we acknowledged you, even while we were running from you, before we surrendered, you guided our lives. What matchless love, oh God, how we love you and we thank you. How we worship you and we adore you. And Lord, we see in the scripture, oh God, when no one was worthy, you purchased our salvation. And then you stood up when no one else was worthy. and you claimed your children. You came and you took the book and we're identified in that. Lord, the prophet of God would look in that scripture and say, "Now is a time of worship. Now we worship you and we thank you and we adore you. The work's been finished. It's done. The mysteries are be revealed. And now we just rejoice in your presence. How we love you. We thank you, Lord. all the trials of life and all the situations that we go through. One moment in your presence, one glimpse of you will make it all worth it. Father God, you know each and every situation that we're in. Lord, you heard the request. We just pray, oh God, that you be mindful. Help us, Lord, to be appreciative of every victory that you give us. Help us, Lord, to walk in faith. Yes. &gt;&gt; Help us to just keep footsteps of possession, Lord, and walk in faith. We love you, Lord. We thank you for this service. We ask your blessings, Lord, over every life that's represented here. Bless the word as it goes forth. Anoint your servant, Brother Andrew, as he brings forth the word. We just love you and ask that you touch every life. Have your way in this service. We just commit this service into your hands now. Bless the offerings for your honor and your glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Thank you. As we receive the offering this evening, you give us God bless you. We're going to have brother Joel come sing for us this evening. Then Sister Rebecca, let's sing a song. I keep falling in love with him over and over. Don't you just love the Lord? I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. Oh, he gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Oh, love between the Lord and I. I keep falling in love with you over and over, over. Oh, can you sing that again? Well, I keep falling in love with you over and over and over and over again. But I keep falling in love with you over and over. Over and over again. It gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Oh, what a love between the Lord and God. I keep falling in love. Over and over, over and over again. Amen. You can be seated. [Music] I'm kind of homesick [Music] for a country [Music] to which I've never [Music] verb been before and no sad goodbyes [Music] up There will be spoken and time won't matter oh anymore. [Music] It's beautiful land. I'm longing for you. And someday on thee I'll stay. And there my home [Music] shall be eternal. It's beautiful. [Music] Sweet beauty land. See, I'm looking now across that river to where my f is going to end inside. [Music] But it's just a few few more days to labor. Then I'm going to take Oh, I'm going to take my heavenly flies. Sing it with me. And it's beautiful. I'm longing for you and someday on thee I'll stand [Music] in there my home shall be eternal. [Music] It's beautiful. [Music] Sweet de la. Let's sing that just one more time just without music now. And it's beautiful land. I'm longing for you. And someday, oh some sweet day, on thee I'll stand [Music] and there my home shall be eternal. It's beautiful land, sweet land. And there my home shall be eternal. It's beautiful land sweet. [Music] [Applause] Before [Music] I spoke a word, you were singing over me. You have been so so good to me. before I took a breath and you breathed your life in me. You have been so so kind to me. And all the overwhelming, neverending preious love of God. Oh, it chases me down. Fights till I'm found. Leaves the 99. I couldn't earn it. I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. and all the overwhelming [Music] neverending preious love of God. When I was your foe, still your love fought for me. You have been so so good to me. When I felt no worth, you paid it all for me. And you have been so so kind to me. And all the overwhelming neverending preious love of God. Oh, it chases me down. fight still not found leaves the 99 I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it still you give yourself away all the overwhelming [Music] neverending preious [Music] of God. There's no shadow you won't light up. Mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. [Music] There's no wall you won't kick down. Lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. There's no shadow you won't light up. A mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down. A lie you won't tear down. Coming after me. There's no shadow you won't light up. Mountain you won't climb up. Coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down. I you won't tear down coming after me. There's no shadow you won't light up. bounce and you won't find love coming after me. There's no wall you won't kick down. Lie you won't tear down coming after me. All the overwhelming, neverending, preious love of God. And oh, it chases me down, fights till I'm found, leaves the 99. [Music] And I couldn't earn it and I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away and all the overwhelming neverending preious love of God. [Applause] Amen. Let's stand. Just give him praise. Aren't you so thankful? That's That's our God. There's no wall that can stop him. There's no darkness. He'll light every corner, every part of your life. Amen. I woke up this morning with my mind set on Jesus. Is that how you woke up this morning? Maybe on the wrong side of the bed, your hair all a mess, but you woke up with your mind on the Lord. Amen. I woke up this morning with my mind. Oh, say, oh Jesus. Well, I woke up this morning with my mind. Oh, sing on the Lord. Well, I woke up this morning with my mind. Oh, sing. Oh Jesus, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah to the Lord. Sing and praise. Well, I'm singing and praise with my mouth. Oh, sing. Oh Jesus. Well, I'm singing and praying with my mind. Oh, save. for the Lord will sing and pray with my mouth. Oh, for Jesus, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah to the Lord. I woke up this morning. Well, I woke up this morning with my mind. Oh, say, "Oh, Jesus." Well, I woke up this morning with my mind. Oh, say, "Oh, the Lord. Well, I woke up this morning with my mind. Oh, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah to the Lord. [Music] Amen. I'd like to sing that song. I know a name. I know a name. Neil, I'll have to have y'all help me with it. I love this song. [Music] I know that could silence roaring waves. And I know a name that can empty out. I know the name. It's the only name that saves and it's worthy of all praise. I call you Jesus. I call you my healer. rolling and raining in power. Something comes out of the grave. Every time I call Jesus, I call him. I call Savior. Worthy of glory forever. Something comes out of the grave every time I call your name. And I have a king with two million over death. And he holds the key. In his holy grail of smart hands, who is the he that has crushed the soul, [Music] our resurrected bra. I call you Jesus. I call you. My go power something comes out of the grave. Every time I call your name, you I call you worthy of glory. Hallelujah. Every time I call your name. Hallelujah. Ain't it wonderful to call on the name of Jesus? Ain't it wonderful to praise a true and living God? Know that he's right here amongst us moving in power and demonstration. Amen. And what an honor it is to be standing in this very wicked hour, but a very powerful hour to be standing in. Amen. &gt;&gt; And uh we look at the events um that have transpired this this past week with u with our nation and we see a man by the name of Charlie Kirk getting slaughtered in front of America and and it's just a horrible thing. And I truly feel like we're in the sighing and crying of our nation. Truly, we see we see all of these events that are transpiring, but it does not shake us as believers. For we realize that we're truly living in an hour where these things are going to come to pass. And we know that my well, just to be honest, every one of us, Christianity has a target on it. And uh we just we just know that we are covered by the blood of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Do you do you just love him with all that is within you? Amen. May we try singing that song, King Jesus. I know you hear me when I pray. [Music] King Jesus, I know you hear me when I pray. Well, King Jesus, I know you hear me when I pray. Well, I'm down here in trouble. Lord, send an angel by my way. Well, King Jesus, I know you hear me when I pray. King Jesus, I know you hear me when I pray. Well, I'm down here in trouble, Lord. Send an angel by my way. Well, if you're sick and afflicted and you don't know what to do, well, just call on King Jesus. He will heal you, too. King Jesus, I know you hear me when I pray. Well, I'm down here in trouble. Lord, send an angel by my way. Well, they put old Paul in prison. Well, long about the midnight hour. Well, he began to call on Jesus. He heard his prayer. King Jesus, I know you hear me when I pray. Well, I'm down here in trouble, Lord. Send an angel by my way. Hallelujah. Well, I've come through the valley. I've reached the mountain top. Well, I'm looking in that city. Lord, I can't stop King Jesus. [Music] I know you hear me when I pray. [Music] Well, I'm down here in trouble, Lord. Send an angel by my way. Well, if you're sick and afflicted and you don't know what to do, well, call on King Jesus. He will see you through. King Jesus, I know you hear me when I pray. Well, I'm down here in trouble. Lord, send an angel by my way. Well, some say give me silver and some say give me gold. But I say give me Jesus. He's the rock of my soul. King Jesus, [Music] I know you hear me when I pray. Well, I'm down here in trouble. Lord, send an angel by my way. Are you want to worship the Lord tonight? &gt;&gt; King Jesus, I know you hear me when I pray. King Jesus, I know you hear me when I pray. Well, I'm down here in trouble, Lord. Lord, send an angel by my way. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. If you have your Bibles this evening, I'd like to look over in Hebrews chapter 10 and verse 5. Deuteronomy chapter 16 verse one and also John chapter 4 verse 21. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. It's real good. Amen. Hebrews chapter 10 and verse 5 before we read the word let's just speak to the author just now. Father, Lord, we come before you, Lord, as your children. How we love and appreciate, Lord, your goodness and your mercy that you have bestowed upon us, Lord Jesus, to know that you are a risen king, Lord, and Savior, Father, right here, Lord, reigning in our hearts, Lord Jesus, proving yourself alive, Lord. And I ask, God, tonight that you would just come by our way, Lord. Lord, we're your children, Father. And we truly desire, Lord Jesus, a touch from the master, Father. Lord, I know that it's good for us to be in the house of the Lord, but I I realize that I have family. Lord, we have our sheep, some of them that cannot be in the house of the Lord due to sicknesses and different things and trying to keep it from the rest of the body. Lord, I pray that you'd send an angel by their way, Lord Jesus. A healing angel, Lord, with the softest hands to go by their way and to minister to them because, Lord, you're that kind of a God that you care. You care for your children. And I pray God that you would just you would do something special Lord while we're here in body and we're worshiping. Lord, I ask that you would send the Holy Spirit right by their need Lord, right by their way, right by their house. Lord, I believe that if you had a prophet in this day and prayed over a certain situation and an angel went by a neighborhood, Lord, you can go up to Pain Run, Lord, you can go over by 340 and you can reach every one of these needs, Lord, at their locations. We just ask God that you would manifest yourself in a very special way Lord as we humble oursel before you tonight. We invite you Lord God to come Lord take this word Lord that has been prepared Lord Jesus in in our hearts Lord and here before us. We ask God that you would get in it and that your children would be blessed Lord by the reading of thy word tonight. We humble ourselves before the great I am in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Hebrews 10 and verse 5, wherefore when he cometh into the world, he saith, sacrifice an offering, thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me. Also, Deuteronomy 16 and verse one. And if you're very familiar with the message, you know that this is where brother Brandham would take a take a thought on God's chosen and provided place of worship. Observe the month of Abib, and keep the Passover unto the Lord thy God. For in the month of Abib, the Lord thy God brought thee forth out of Egypt by night. Thou shalt therefore sacrifice the Passover unto the Lord thy God of the flock, and in the herd and the herd, in the place which the Lord shall choose to put his name there. In the place which the Lord shall choose to put his name there. also John chapter 4 and verse 21. Jesus saith unto her,"Woman, believe me, the hour cometh when you shall neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem worship the Father. You worship, you know not what we know what we worship. For salvation is of the Jews. But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth. For the Father seeketh such to worship him. God is a spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. The woman saith unto him, I know that the Messiah has cometh, which is called Christ, when he has come, he will tell us all things. And Jesus said unto her, I that speak unto thee am he. May God bless his word. You may be seated tonight. By the help of the Lord, I'd like to just take a thought tonight on God crafting a worshipper. God crafting a worshipper and we realize that God has prepared himself a body to worship in. We realize that that is what we are to do as as Christians. It is our Christian duty to worship the true and living God. Brother Brandham said it in Gabriel's instruction to Daniel. He said, "I like to worship. Don't you?" Now, we don't come to church just to hear a sermon. He said, "That goes with it. But we come to church to worship in the spirit and in the truth. Now we don't want to be just worshippers in the spirit and then not just worshippers in the truth but we want to have both mechanics and dynamics. We want to worship him in spirit and in truth. He said we come to church to worship to worship in spirit and in truth. He said you've heard the truth. That's the word. He said, "See now to worship is to express yourself to him." When you begin to study in the book of Genesis, when God would begin to lay out the attributes of this creation of this world that we live in, you would see God as he's laying out the certain details how that how that God is laying out the firminant and and the waters and the skies and the sun and the moon. What was it? It was all to play a part of his great drama and to show forth a part of God's attributes. And everything that God that you see that God has created, you are looking at a part of God's attributes. And you can see it in your and you can see it in God's children that God's children are simply expressing God's attributes. I never I never do fully understand when I I've even done it myself, but you know, I never fully understand when a parent loses their mind on the way that their children are acting or or the way that they're handling theirelves and all those things. You know, where they got that from? They got that right from the attributes where they came from. So, you begin to see you begin to see all of those things. And I'm very reminded very much that I I am very sorry to my parents for the way that I acted when I was younger. When I begin to look at my children, I begin to see where they're expressing that from came right from my geneology and bosom. You see, I didn't realize what I was doing when I was a little bit younger or when I was going through those stages of life, but I was simply being a child. But you know, I I found this out about myself and about being a parent that God buil built me in a way that I can handle every situation that Ally and Reagan will ever throw at me because God destined me to be their parent. You see, I can't get mad at them for acting like I used to act because I simply gave those things to them. You see, and that's why we can't get mad at worshippers in this age. It's because we are simply expressing our attributes that are on the inside of us that come from the father. Now notice what brotherham said in the believer's position in Christ. He said the believer can only worship Christ as he is positionally placed in Christ. I don't believe you get it. He said let me go another route. He said a believer cannot worship and has no right to worship. No man has no right to worship the Lord outside of being in the body of the Lord Jesus Christ. Again, he would say in God's only provided place of worship, he said, "I cho I have chose to put my name at the door of the house. My worship for my family will be gathered in there under the blood like it was in Egypt. Anything outside of that died and in there there's no leaven bread." He said, "There's no denominational mixture in there." He said, "Notice." He said, "My house, my children, born of my genes." Amen. Glory to God. My genes are in them. My I put my word in them. I'll write them upon the tables of their heart. That's my family. The family of God. The body of Jesus Christ. The family. And this door you'll come in. Not a Methodist, not a Baptist, not a Pentecostal, but in the door that I put my name. Not in the message door. Hallelujah. Not in the Baptist door. Not in the church of Christ door. Anybody can tack the name of Jesus on top of their church, but that isn't the place that God is wanting a worshshiper. But the place that I choose to put my name, and we know this by the scripture that God chose, only one place to put his name at was in his son. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So I apologize to my parents for the way that I acted, but I'm simply expressing what they gave me. Hallelujah. They were Hallelujah. So what you see in me came from sister Connie and came from brother Ron. But what you see in the spiritual realm, don't blame me. It comes from my father. You see, God wanted a worshipper. So he built a body that would worship him in spirit and in truth. I find it amazing today that God is an object of worship and people deny him the very right that he is asking of them. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You see worship comes from who you are. You see, the reason why David is one of the greatest worshippers is because God crafted him in such a way that he would be a worshipper that came right from the mind of God. When you look at Miriam and you look at the great worshippers throughout the body, throughout the Bible, you would recognize and see that God crafted them in such a way because God wanted a worshipper. You see, and what expounds on our worship is what we've been through. You see, you see, you see, God, he allows you. Hallelujah. He allows you to worship him as it flows through you, as God has crafted you. You see, worship flows from you. But it's not about what you do, but it's simply that God puts something on the inside of you. You see, when you begin to look in the scriptures and you will see in the book of Genesis when God when God created man and woman that you begin to see that in the beginning it was simply in spirit form that in him in Adam was both masculine and feminine there. But notice when God be to have a have a have a the one of the greatest surgeries that has ever taken place was when God laid a deep sleep to come upon Adam. And there he went in there and opened up the side of his rib. And he opened up his side and pulled out a rib. And out of that rib he created Eve. Then Adam when he awoke from his slumber, he looked at her and said, "This is woman, for she came out of man. She is both flesh of my flesh and bone of my bone." Her identity was on the inside of Adam. Hallelujah. If you could break down the DNA and you could go back before Adam and Eve were separated, you would see that Adam was on the inside or Eve was on the inside of Adam because if you look at it, there was masculine and feminine there on the inside of him. So Eve's identity was wrapped up on the inside of Adam. But Jesus at the cross, &gt;&gt; hallelujah, showed exactly who you were. And he released, hallelujah, his spirit. What was it that Eve's identity was on the inside of Adam so she could only be what she already was. &gt;&gt; She wasn't acting like somebody that had never lived before. She was not speaking like somebody had never spoke before. She was simply breathing and acting like she was because she was already in him. &gt;&gt; You see, true worshipper, a true worship comes from when a believer recognizes their true identity. You know good and well that there have been times before your new birth that you came to church and you raised your hands because you saw somebody else raising their hands. You said amen to the word of God because you saw somebody else doing that. You may have got in the spirit and shouted and danced because you saw somebody else doing it. But you know good and well that when you were born again that you are worshiping from another spot &gt;&gt; because you can now say it's not their worship. It's not theirs. It's mine. I am a part of him. And when Eve looked at Adam said that's where I came from. And when you look at Jesus you can simply say that's where I came from. Your identity is tied to the mechanics and the dynamics. So let me say this to you. When God is looking and crafting a worshipper, God is building somebody that will worship him in spirit and in truth. Because worship is not a performance. Worship is when the spirit of God that is agreeing with the word comes forth and it agrees that spirit that is in him is in you. It is expressing exactly what he crafted you for. There have been many generations that have raised and worshiped the Lord. There have been many of people that raised and worshiped the Lord. The God wanted a last day runner. Somebody that would run all the way to the end that would worship him in good times and in bad times. To be honest, I was disgusted this week when I looked upon our nation. I think this is what we're getting. Do you realize that we had a prophet tell us when he's sitting there in JC Penney and he's looking at that demonic power as it's coming up that escalator what was it? Hell had enlarged itself and come down and dwelt on the inside of mortality. So if hell has released its power and eluced its power, how much greater should it tell us that heaven has released its power? That's the kind of body that God is looking for. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham said, "Now Christ never sent me to build no organizations, but he built sent me to build up the individuals to the place that they would be a powerhouse unto God." You see, true worship is coming from a believer, and that real worship is a response from that believer's heart. And you trace it back. True worship is flowing from a spot of the new birth. Our ability to worship and to express him. It simply comes from a soul that has been born again. David would say, "Blessed is the man whom God will not impute sin to." And brother Aaron picks that up in the token. He said, "Now God will never impute sin over that token because the token is the paid sign that God has already received it and you got the token. Your faith has bought it and you have the purchase price of your redemption in your body to worship him and show forth his promises and his power. When the devil tells you the next time that you don't have a right to worship, you show him your purchased price of redemption that you got on the inside of your body where you can show forth his power and his promises. The only way that you can be a worshshiper is you worship him from a blood sacrifice where you've got to be personally identified with the lamb that died for you. You cannot live without this lamb. You cannot worship without this lamb. You cannot shout without this lamb. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of people that shout. There's a lot of people that get up and dance and scream. You want a good show. Just go watch YouTube. Turn on the Pentecostals of Alexandria and this that and the other. You'll find yourself a show. We did not come here for a show. We didn't come here for a performance. We come here for one reason. &gt;&gt; In good times, I'll praise him. In bad times, I'll praise him. When I ain't got shoes, I'll praise him. When I ain't got food on my table, I will praise him. Worship is not about performance. Worship comes from a heart that has been redeemed. God's chosen place of worship. The prophet said, "You can't live outside of him. Your church might be all right as a building. Your fellowship might be all right as a man. But when you deny the blood, the blood, the word of Jesus Christ, you're dead the minute you do it." It's God's chosen place of worship. There is where his name is. Exactly. There is where he chose to put his name. Not in the church, but in the son, Jesus Christ. Notice safety lied only in the place of his choosing, in his lamb and in the name of that lamb. Now notice what Ezekiel said in Ezekiel 36 and 25. That then I will sprinkle clean water upon you and you shall be clean from your filthiness and from your idols will I cleanse you. A new heart will I give you. A new spirit will I put within you. And I will take away the stony heart of your flesh. and I will give you a heart of flesh. &gt;&gt; I love what the prophet does. He said, "That's where so many people stop." &gt;&gt; Another man would say it like this. He said, "You get that new spirit." He said, "You'll get to a spot and say, "Well, I really don't want to go to hell." So, I accept the Lord. He said, "When you get that new spirit, you'll start getting rid of habits." So, I got this smoke in my hand. and I I'll finish that one and then I'll be done with it. I let me finish this last drink or I he said the new spirit will get rid of your habits. But verse 27 said that I will put my spirit within you and I will put my spirit within you. It's Ezekiel 36 and 27. If you ain't got that spirit, you ain't living it. &gt;&gt; Let me say this. If you ain't got that spirit, you're not a worshiper. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. If you don't have that spirit, you don't know how to worship. You might know how to clap your hands. You might know how to dance like the best of us. You know, might know how to shout. You might know how to scream. You might know how to talk, tongue talk, and blabber and all those things. But if you do not have his spirit, &gt;&gt; you are not a worshipper. &gt;&gt; You are a praiser. And there is a major difference between a praiser and a worshipper. Hallelujah. Because somebody that is a praiser will praise the Lord when they got money in the bank. They will praise the Lord when they're in good health. They will praise the Lord when the answer is yes. But a worshipper will praise the Lord &gt;&gt; when they're in the valley. When they don't have no money, when the answer is no. A worshipper follows I'm going to hit some devils right here. A worshipper follows a message. &gt;&gt; A worshipper follows a message. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. I'm going to get you to shouting ground in a minute. But before you can have shouting grounds, you've got to die out. You got to kill out the Egyptians. You've got to watch them die. But if that spirit that healed that raised him from the dead, if it does not dwell on the inside of you, &gt;&gt; you're not a true worshipper. &gt;&gt; Whoa. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'll say it again. That I will put my spirit within you. Ain't it wonderful to have his spirit? Ain't it wonderful to know that you're not walking alone in this? That he said that I will cause you to walk in my statutes and you shall keep my judgments and do them and you shall dwell in the land that I gave to your fathers and you shall be my people and I will be your God. You see, brother Brandham told us he said his spirit when it comes it sets right there on the very center of your heart. He said, "The new spirit will get rid of bad habits." He said, "But when his spirit comes on the inside of there, he'll control your faith. He'll control your emotions. He'll control your senses." He said, "It's kind of like a main spring of a watch." He said, he said it sits right in the middle of it. He said it sits right there in the middle of it and it controls all the mechanics of it. Hallelujah. It controls everything so that you're not operating just by mechanics, but you're operating by mechanics. and dynamics. That main spring of a real watch, if it's wound up one time, it stays wound up. &gt;&gt; It stays wound up. You say, "Well, Brother Andrew, you're just trying to wind them up." Oh, no. These people stay wound up. These people stay ready. These people love to worship. These people love to get on their feet. These people love to shout. These people I don't have to wind them up. Christ round them up on the day of Pentecost. That same spirit. Notice what Paul said in Colossians 2:20. Wherefore, if you be did with Christ from the rudiments of the world, why and so living in the world are you subject to ordinances? If you really are dead to it, then why are you trying to work it up? Whoa. Touch not, handle not, taste not, which are all to perish with the using after the commandments and doctrines of men, which thing have indeed a show of wisdom in will worship. Will worship is a worship on man's terms. Ain't you glad you ain't got to worship the Lord from some man's terms, some dogma terms, some ideology terms, but you're worshiping from a heart that the Hallelujah. Saul didn't have to tell David how to worship. Ji didn't have to tell David how to worship. His mama didn't have to tell him how to worship. Ron don't have to tell me how to worship. Connie don't have to tell me how to worship. God crafted a worshshiper. show of wisdom and will worship and humility, neglecting of the body, not an honor to the satisfying of the flesh. Paul was saying if we are dead to ourselves and we're dead with Christ, then worship is not about rules. &gt;&gt; That's what this woman at the whale was worried about. That's all she'd ever heard her entire life. I'd say that's a lot of you ex Amish. That's all you heard all your life was worship. Worshiping from rules. Hallelujah. But if you're dead, like Paul said, you are worshiping from resurrection and life. Paul is saying you ain't got to work it up. You ain't got to work it down by traditions. Just let the spirit breathe. One thing I found out about fire, if you just give it some fuel and give it a little bit of oxygen, it'll take off. &gt;&gt; Well, I say don't you dare stand up and put a &gt;&gt; and put a fire hydrant and water this thing down. &gt;&gt; I say let the fire fall and let the spirit get on it and breathe. Breathe. God knew what he was doing when he built David. David was a man that was going to do a lot of things in his life. David was a man that was going to have some scars and complexes and stigmas and sin in his life. But God was crafting him in a way that he would worship him from his pain. Some of the most beautiful songs in the Bible are written from pain. We all times often look at the high things and we think my I'd love been where David was. But if you really get to studying out where them songs came from, they come from a valley. They come from a spot of despair. They came They came when his skin and everything, his family turned against him. But in that moment, David still chose to be a worshshiper because God crafted him to worship. &gt;&gt; Now Paul said in Ephesians 5:29, "For no man ever yet hated his own flesh, but nourisheth it and cherish it, even as the Lord the church." Who's the number one? You take care of you. That wasn't just pointed at brother Noah. That's pointed at all. You fire breaks out in here. Who you going to take care of? &gt;&gt; You're going to take care of your flesh. &gt;&gt; Paul it. You nourish it. You strengthen it. But just like you care for yourself, the father cares for you. He loves you. He wants to make sure that you're okay. For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bone. That's why Jesus said, he said, "You cannot put new wine." Hallelujah. In old bottles. But you got to put new wine in new bottles because old bottles without the new birth cannot handle the message. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You can see people get on Facebook. You can see people get on there and blow up at the world. &gt;&gt; But let God try to put his spirit on the inside of you and you watch. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Why? Because that thing's got to be flexible. It's got to move with it. It's got to get in rhythm with it. It's got to have some room for expansion. That's why brother Brandham said if you can ever have a breakthrough, he said when you get on that side of the breakthrough, he said there's 50 miles of elbow room. Well, baby, give me some room. I'm expanding. [Applause] &gt;&gt; You said, "Brother Andrew, how do I really know whether I got it or not?" Well, it's real simple. I've never had an issue of this. Just give it the word test. Love thy neighbor. That baby will blow up. I can't do that. Get rid of your pride. I can't do that. Oh, got some of that, huh? You see, you cannot put the message on the inside of old rags &gt;&gt; cuz it won't know how to worship, right? But oh, if you're worshiping from a new birth, you ever put on a new pair of shoes? I have to do it quite often. I don't know if you know this about me, but I sweat quite a bit while I'm preaching. And there's something about sweat on the body. It seems seems to run down and it goes right in my shoes. And these shoes, Brother Matthew bought me a couple a couple weeks ago for my birthday. And it probably won't be too long and them babies will be expanded because things have stripped down in there and they begin to expand. You ever you ever put them on and they just don't feel just right? They're still a little tight around the edges and they snug up to you. But if you can put some work on them things, they'll start to loosen up and you'll start to get a little comfortable in them. That's the way sometimes you get a service kind of like this and things gets a little tight. I found out baby got a new pair of shoes and they can't can't just work right in them just yet. But if you can just give them a little bit of time, let them get a little worked out and maybe let the Holy Ghost run down over top of them. Hallelujah. Then the Holy Ghost, like brother Brandham said, I brought my joy shoes to church. I brought my joy shoes to church. Let me say this. I didn't bring some shoes here that need to be broke in. I brought some shoes that know how to dance. Some shoes that know what it's like to have joy. I brought a heart here that knows like to worship. Why? Because God built a worshipper. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Jesus said, "Peace be unto you. For as my Father has sent me, even so send you." And the scripture said that he breathed on them and said, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." And you watch a lot of people, that's a bunch of nonsense in the world. You walk up to them and now they got the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Some of the most ridiculous stuff I've ever seen in my life. One of the man said they he said how they got it is that they went up there on the day of Pentecost when they'd shut themselves in there on the inside of that room and there he breathed on them the Holy Ghost. He said what it was. He was prophesying over top of him in John chapter 20. But it took going to an upper room. You see the reason why Judas blew up was because he had an old bottle. He never could go up there to Pentecost. &gt;&gt; But hallelujah, there was some Marys that decided to go. There was some James and some John's and Peters that decided to go up there on the day of Pentecost and got what they came for. Brother Brandham said, "The church is born by the breath of God." &gt;&gt; Few years ago, I took my daughters up there to Williamsburg. was doing a little homeschool little trip and and I always enjoy that little trip, but they got this certain little area and many of you probably already been there. But there they got a a master glass blower there. It goes in there and it's some of the most amazing things that you've ever watched. And I was sitting there watching that and I thought, my that's a powerful little illustration that he's given us here. You watch that guy got that big old long rod. And I didn't really know what I was looking at at the time. But here he takes this long rod and he dips it down in this molten rock it looks like. And he takes that rock and when he comes out it just looks like it's it's completely formless. Don't have no life to it. Just burning hot. And all of a sudden that master black glass blower that could have got bad. Thank you, Lord. He begins to take that and he begins to blow. Yeah, y'all. Y'all welcome. Y'all welcome. I don't y'all don't have to wait for my bloopers. I'll point them out to you. But he begins to take that thing. He begins to blow on that rod and all of a sudden, what you would see is a completely formless piece of lump. all of a sudden begins to have some life to it. &gt;&gt; It begins to take shape and it it it begins to expound. It begins to go out there. But he doesn't just leave it there. He begins to take it and shape it. He begins to roll it on a certain stone so he gets a certain mold to it. And then he takes his pliers. If he wants a handle on that jar, he simply takes a plier that is built. Hallelujah. It is built to go in there and so it doesn't break it. He goes in there and puts it to its right spot so the master's got a place where he can put his hand. He begins to mold it in such a way so that when he wants to fill it himself and drink from his own cup, he molds it in such a way. Now, some of you don't understand the trials like you've been going through. You don't understand the process that you've been going through. But the master is breathing his life on the inside. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; On the inside of you. And it might get hot. And it might get to a spot where you don't understand why. Sister Mary, why did you have to go through what you went through lately? Sister wonder why did you have to go through what you're going through? It's because the master wants a drink from your cup. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's why Paul could say, "We have this treasure in earthn vessels." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You see, there's a lot of people that worship, but you are in contact with a higher authority. You see, Brother Brham would tell us, he said, "You are Gentiles in your bodies just like everybody else walking down the street. But the difference between you and them is that your souls have been born again." He said down on the inside of there, he said God put a strain on the inside of you in the message believing God. He said he put a strain on the inside of you that he could send you through it and you would trust God. You see, you cannot worship God without a bornagain experience. You cannot worship God without an experience. But you've got to go through the fire and know, hallelujah, that you can stand it, that you can go through the heat. God had some worshippers one time that refused to bow down to the image of man. They refused to bow down to Satan's plans of worship. I tell you what they found out, brother Chris, is they found out that God will meet you in worship even if it's in fire. &gt;&gt; I love what the prophet said. I love having a prophet that can look all the way back there 3,000 4,000 years ago and look back there in that fiery furnace and he don't just see a fire, but he sees three Hebrew boys sitting there. I love he said all of a sudden he said the angels in heaven are asking do I need to go down there? Do I need to go down there and help Gab's family out? Do I does do I need to send a gabriel down there? Do I need to send Wormwood? Do I need to send him down there? He Oh, no. I'm going myself. &gt;&gt; I love what the prophet said. He said all of a sudden he said, "I said I'm going. I'm going down there. Don't you worry, boys. I'm going." He said he wretched over there. I think it's amazing, Teddy. The prophet saw him reach over there and grab a hold of a zigzag lightning. And here he comes all the way from glory. You think it's a great far distance. He said, "Oh no, those dimensions are real close." And he grabs a zigzag lightning and all of a sudden he's in glory and the next minutes he's in the fire. He said, "What did he do?" He grabbed a big palm leaf off the tree of life and begin to fan those flames right off of him. &gt;&gt; I love what the prophet said. He said, "You want to hear what he was saying to him?" He said, "Because you are Abraham's children is the reason why I showed up here and you have a promise. That's the reason why I'm here. The reason why God will not leave you in Leosa all on your own is because you are a part of Abraham's seed. I gave you a promise and the Holy Ghost, the son of man, Melzdc, is here to answer it." &gt;&gt; It bother you about Charlie Kirk Lord? Yeah, it bother me. probably should not ask me what I thought should be done to that guy. Some of you would not think I was a Christian. It bother you? Lord Jab bother me. Is he bride? I don't know. Really ain't up to me to make that call. One thing I do know that man stand stood for Christ. &gt;&gt; He identified himself as a Christian. He led people to Christ. &gt;&gt; Now you watch what happens. You'll find out how many Christians are still left in the world. &gt;&gt; But when that man died, did we stop? Now, I'm not Now, let me say, let me stop right there. I'm not saying that's it. I'm not saying he's a prophet. I'm not saying that whatsoever. I don't want somebody clip that. Surprise, somebody will. I got enough idiots out there that will do it. You watch. What I'm trying to point out to you is Satan thought that he could kill William Brandham. &gt;&gt; They thought they could kill William Brandom by an alcoholic driver going down a road. That didn't stop the message. They thought they could put Paul in a prison. That didn't stop the message. They thought they could hang Jesus on a cross. That didn't stop the message. What are you saying, brother Andrew? I'm saying this that if you don't have his spirit, then you're going to go through the tribulation. And you think what they did to Charlie Kirkusbank. You wait till the Knights of Columbus come hunting down those that identified themselves with Jesus. I say while the ark doors open, get in it. [Applause] I got family I want to get in it. &gt;&gt; I got loved ones I want to get in it. I got people in this church I want to get in it. So God crafted a worshipper that would not stop, that would not give up. &gt;&gt; So therefore, I will worship the Lord. &gt;&gt; When they want me to stop, I will still worship. When they want me to shut up, I will still worship. When they don't want me to dance, I will still dance. When they don't want me to preach, I will still preach. There's a lot of things I could say there, but I got to go on. But worship is our identity. You see, Adam recognized Eve as bone of his bone and flesh of his flesh. And Christ recognizes his bride as himself just in another form. And that's what scares hell to death. Satan literally fears this revelation because I want to give you an announcement. Worship is not noise. That's right. &gt;&gt; Worship is not just noise. &gt;&gt; I tell you what worship is. Worship is Christ living in the body. Worship is laying hands on the sick and then recovering. Worship is Christ speaking. Worship is Christ healing. Worship is Christ moving. The true worshippers shall worship the father in spirit and in truth. So worship is the bride standing in her identity. Worship is recognition of your relationship with the master. You say, "Well, what does that mean?" Give me a scripture for that. When Peter is standing there and Jesus asked this hard question said, "Whom do men say that I the son of man am?" And Peter be to speak to him and he be to say, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." You see, when that revelation struck Peter, it confirmed who Christ was. But it didn't just leave it there. It confirmed who Peter was. &gt;&gt; And when you come to this message with arms wide open, it does not confirm Hallelujah. It doesn't just confirm that the message is right. It confirms you because worship is birthed when revelation of his identity unlocks revelation of your identity. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. What was that woman waiting for? Somebody to unlock her true identity. You know good and well you was waiting on this message. They tell right brother Samuel you was waiting on this message. But I remember going through the stages of a teenager trying to figure out who I was. I never was one of them guys that wanted to wear my pants down below my never made it out the house. Maybe that's what they built them belts for. I can tell you if I ever did that belt be coming off. I understood. &gt;&gt; I understand what it's like to go through young people trying to figure out who you are. &gt;&gt; You got peer pressure on every side trying to figure out your identity. &gt;&gt; That's what we were talking about last weekend. I didn't realize why I had to preach last weekend before I preach this weekend. But I truly understand it now that before you can really be a worshipper, you got to break into your identity. And when you break into your true identity, let me say this. I tried that. I tried this. I tried this and I tried that and it didn't work. But when the message found me, I found out who I truly was. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Paul said in Romans 8:15 said, "For you have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but you receive the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, aba father. The spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. His spirit identifies with our spirit that we are the children of God. What does that mean? It means you don't worship to become a child. You worship because you are a child. &gt;&gt; You are of God, little children. And greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You are either going to be of the world, a part of it, or you're going to be of him. Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome him. Because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. We are of God, and he that knoweth God heareth us, and he that is not of God heareth not us. Hereby know we the spirit of truth and the spirit of error. There are two persons in that scripture. But don't just miss God and Satan. Look for yourself. &gt;&gt; I carry certain characteristics because I was crafted by my mother and my father of Fraser and Spencer. You can look pictures of my papa Charlie and you can look at it and say, "My goodness, that looks exactly like Andrew." And you can look at the other picture of my granddaddy Homer and said, "My goodness, they look like a spitting image." To be honest, I watched my granddaddy Homer. I preached with him for about 10 years. Yeah. Right at nine years. I preached with him right here. But to be honest, I was never with him in what we would call his heydays. I never really got to truly I saw it as a child, but I could not bring those things into my memory. I never really really get to see him dance himself across these bananisters and go across them things and walk all over and dance all night and preach all night. Do it again. Dance again, preach again. Dance again. Well, if you don't want to dance, don't come to this church. But if you do want to dance, we believe in them. But I never did really get to see either one of them in their heyday. But there are people that here were here when this church was originated that tell me I throw my head like brother Homer. I point my finger like brother Homer. I even dance like brother Homer. Sometimes I sing like brother Homer. Now why is that? It's because there was something crafted on the inside of me. I didn't make those things up. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Do you hear me preaching to you? &gt;&gt; Do you hear me preaching to you? I didn't make them things up. It's because something was locked on the inside of me. But when the spirit of God poured his life on the inside of me, it unlocked my true identity. &gt;&gt; So I look like a Spencer. I dance like a Frasier. I sing like a Fraser. I'm a little bit taller than some of the Spencers. But granddaddy Homer told me I did not get all these good looks from brother Homer. Brother Charlie himself said some of them came from him. What is it? I look, I talk, I act, I sing like a Spencer. Why? Because that's where I came from. I sing, I dance, I shout like a Fraser. Why? Because that's where I came from. I walk like a Christian. I talk like a Christian. I act like a Christian. I sing like a Christian. I dance like a Christian. Why? Because something was locked up on the inside of me. But when Jesus unlocked the revelation of who I was, my true identity was poured out. If I had the spirit of John Dillinger, then I would do John Dillinger's work. If I had the spirit of Picasso, then I do Picasso's work. But if I have the spirit of Jesus Christ, then I'll work like Jesus. I'll act like Jesus. I'll talk like Jesus. [Applause] Let's part two, part three, part four probably coming. Why? Because God wants a worshshiper. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love what the prophet said. I'm going to close with this quote in the rapture. And I love what the prophet said in his closing hours of ministry. He said, ' But notice, look each one of you people. Do you know years before you were born, you were in your father as a gene, a germ, a seed was in your father. Comes from the male sex, not the female. Female furnishes the egg, the bidding ground. But the germ come in now say, "I'm in my father." He said, "If you've got eternal life, you were in God before there ever was a world." Before there ever was a world, I was locked on the inside of Elohim. You are a part, a son of God, an attribute of God. He knowed the very age that you were coming and he predestinated you to that age &gt;&gt; to take that place and no one else can take it. This woman, she was in a bad place just like many of you were in a bad place. But God was looking for a worshiper. So God had his identity locked on the inside of her because God wanted to worship her. God bless you from Matthew. [Applause] worshiping you. Just worshiping you. Oh, there's nothing else that I would rather do. I love you, Lord. Worshiping you. Worshiping you. Oh, you make it easy, Lord, cuz I'm so in love with you. I long for those moments when just you and I get lost in your presence and lose track of time. When I'm overwhelmed by your glory divine and I'm left with only one thing to do, worshiping you. I'm worshiping you. Oh, there's nothing else that I would rather do. I love you, Lord. Worshiping you. [Music] Worshiping you. You make it easy. Lord, I'm so alone with you. I long for those moments when just you and I get lost in your presence and lose track of time. When I'm overwhelmed by your glory divine, and I'm left with only one thing to do, worshiping you. Worshiping you. There's nothing else that I do to you. Worship me. Worship me. You make it easy, Lord. [Music] [Music] Oh father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing on your side. Oh, holding your hand. Let your kingom come. Ed leaving me. This is my prayer. This is my ble. And father I see that you are drawing a line in the same. I want to be standing on your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Lady in me. This is my praise. This is my Let the worippers around. Oh, let the sons and the daughters see. [Music] Oh, I surrender in my own. Oh, I surrender to the king. [Music] Let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters see. [Music] Oh yes. Oh, I'm surrendering my own. Oh, I surrender to the king. [Music] And father, I hear it growing louder. Oh, the song of your redeemed as saints of every nation. Oh, our awakening to sing. And from our hearts their come. Oh, hear the praises ring. This is a song. A song to our king. Let the worshipers arise. Oh, just worship him this evening. Let the sun and the daughter see him. Oh, I surrender my all. [Music] Oh, I surrender to the king. [Music] Let the worshipers arise. Oh, let the sons and daughters leave. Oh, I surrendering my own. Oh, I surrender to the king. [Music] Oh father, I see your lamb arising with the broken mystery. He has opened up the seals and now the power came. Oh, a friend of revelation. She's from eternal worthy years. Worth the years. Let the worshipers arrive. Oh yeah. Let the sons and the daughters see. Oh, I'm surrendering my own. Oh yes. Oh, I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Oh, let the worippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughters see. [Music] Oh, I surrendering my own. [Music] Oh, I surrender to Oh, can you sing that one more time? Just worshiping him. Oh, yes. Oh, let the worippers around. Lord, just sing with all your heart, sons and daughters. I surrender my own. Oh, I surrendering my all. Oh, I surrender to the king. Oh, just give him praise in the house of the Lord. Oh, we can worship from a heart that's been redeemed this evening. Oh, thank you, Lord. Thank you for it, Lord. I would not be when pains of death seized my soul unto the Lord. I cried till Jesus came and he made me whole. Well, I would not be denied. Oh, no, I would not be beyond. [Music] Oh, no, I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and he made me whole. Well, I would not be denied. as Jacob in the days of old. Well, I pray so the Lord will stand with a good while I stood upon his word. Oh no, I would not be pretty. [Music] Oh no, I would not be pretty. Till Jesus came and he made me whole. Well, I would not be denied. [Music] will see that my gold was gone and it would not be my prayer. Come on now. Oh, praise the Lord. The work it is done. When Christ the Lord is here. Oh, I would not be enough. Oh, no, I would not be till Jesus came. And he made me whole. Well, I would not be. Well, I have not. Although I have not been denied. Oh no, I have not been denied. Since Jesus came and he made me whole. Oh, I have not been. Oh, I would not be Oh, I would not be denied. Oh, no. I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and he made me whole. Well, I would not be. Oh, can you sing out one more time? Well, I would not be mad. Oh, no. I would not be until Jesus came and he made me whole. Well, I would. Oh, just praise the Lord as you're dismissed this evening. Well, I would not be pretty. Well, no, I would not be pretty till Jesus came and he made me whole. Well, I would not be denied. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
