################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-26 - 25-0423 - Son of Man (Adoption Time Pt.3) - Wade Dale - Wade Dale - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-26
Title:   25-0423 - Son of Man (Adoption Time Pt.3) - Wade Dale
Speaker: Wade Dale
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqox6PgJVWE
========================================

long preserve for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life, words of hope. Give us strength. Help us go in this world where we roam. The word of God will guide the home. Oh word of God, not ever true. Changing me and changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. Bless you, buddy. Love you, man. Holy word. All our faith is handed down to this age. came to us through sacriice. Oh, heed the faithful words of Christ. Holy words long preserved, long preserved to help us for our walk in this world. They rise out with God's own heart. Let the word of [Music] God. Word of God is an ever true changing mech changing you. And we have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. [Music] Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Word of God ever true. Every day when you read it, it don't change. You read it today, you read it tomorrow, you read it the next year, years past, never changes. Always gets better. It's like a brother said one time, it's like a a slice of onion. It's like an onion peel. That peel is just real thin, but it's onion all the way through. So, it's a word of God all the way through. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this afternoon. Good to have each and every one of you with us. Good to have brother Luis back with us. We're here getting ready to hear a good report of what's been going on down there. And uh pray for Sister Christine. She's not feeling well tonight. She um little under the weather and a different one. Sister Esther still fighting, but just keep fighting. Just keep fighting. Your time will come. Don't worry. This coming Saturday, remember 3:00 we'll have our service. Brother Chris Long will be with us and then we'll have meal afterwards. Just um if you have any questions, get with Sister June. Um and u we're expecting a good time. Brother Chris hadn't been here in a little bit, so he's he's looking forward. They're coming in tomorrow, so we're going to have a good time this weekend in the Lord with him. So, also remember immediately following the service, they're going to uh to head out and uh they're going home and then June and I are going to go on up to Ohio to the uh pastor's retreat Monday through Thursday. We'll be back Thursday night and then we'll leave Friday for Jamaica. So, just keep us in your prayers and we sure appreciate the Lord letting us to be able to do that. Remember also July the 18th through the 20th. Keep remembering that. uh those dates if you want to go sign up downstairs so we can know how much food to bring and get you a room. All right. So, just remember that. Brother Bob will be speaking this coming Wednesday. Uh like I said, Sister Jun and I will be here. We'll be in Ohio with um service up there on Wednesday. Just keep us in prayer. Keep Brother Bob in prayer. He'll be speaking for us Wednesday. And then next Sunday we'll be brother uh Donaldo Bautista will be here speaking for you when we're in Jamaica. So uh just keep him in prayer. We sure love brother Donaldo and we appreciate him. Appreciate his ministry. Sorry we're not going to be able to be with him, but we'll be able to uh to uh catch the service later. So if you have your Bibles, you can turn to uh again to Hebrews 5:8. Tonight, what we're going to do is is I um I was thinking a couple days ago, you know, we talked about a body thou hast prepared me last Sunday fitting for the resurrection and then also now we're talking about building a body because it'll be a body of Christ on earth and it will be because of someone comes to maturity. So when we say these words adoption tonight, I'm going to explain why we need to be adopted. All right? Through the scriptures and through the prophet's message. It's not just something that I believe I believe this adoption is the most important thing to get us to a body change. Amen. Cuz you're going to have to have rule over this. the same as Adam had rule over this back in the garden. And the Lord Jesus gave us that mandate for us to do that in this age. So, we can and we will. Someone will do that. Amen. In this age, I'll promise you. That's thus sayith the Lord. Cuz there's not going to be We know what happened now with the Pope. We don't know what's going on, but we'll see in the next couple of weeks. We'll know. Uh we'll know something. But we know one thing's for sure. I was thinking today the whole world speculates about everything. Stock market, they speculate. Economy, they speculate. Who's going to be the next pope? They speculate. Who's going to be the next president? They speculate. We as brides should not be speculating. We know. We have read the paper already. If you'll just listen to what the prophet said and let the Holy Ghost speak to you. Amen. But he's not going to speak to you if you continue to be a baby. He's going to speak to you in baby form. But he wants mature Christians. You do not, as beautiful and cute as all these babies are in this room right now, you do not want them to still act like this 10 years from now. Though some do. It's not normal though, right? and you know those ones. All right. But if you grow up to be a mature person, then you ought to be able to grow up and be a mature person in God. And there is a way to get there. And it's through the message of the hour. Now, we know it's through the Bible, but the Bible alone, listen to me, the Bible alone with your own personal idea will not work. I said with your own personal idea, I think we have had a we have a shorty of a message and it's going to put a body together without spot or wrinkle. You say, "Oh, well that's going to be somebody's got to be it here, right? Somebody's come to perfection here. Somebody's got to bring that headstone here. Somebody's got to change have enough faith to change your body here." Right. So when are we going to start believing that it's us? I'm just believing it's us. So Hebrews 5:8, though he were a son, yet learned he obedient. Now this talking about Jesus Christ. This talking about God himself in human flesh. All right? Remember they built him a body. The the Old Testament saints built him a body. He went into that body, but that body was not perfect. That body was a man that was dying in flesh. That's right. Hard to say, but he was dying in flesh because that's what died at Calvary, the flesh. Though he were a son, he was born the Lord Jesus Christ. He didn't have to be born into the family of God. He was the family of God and still is the family of God. You and I had to come across the chasm and be born the way we are here. But just think about it. You know, Brother Ram made a statement one time real quick and I'll let you be seated. Brother Ram said, you know, the the immaculate conception is not as strange or as supernatural as a regular birth. Amen. You think about it. You think about it. It was one sperm, one egg placed in the womb of Mary. You and I came here. Well, you understand if you're an older adult, you understand how we got here. Amen. You'll know what election is and you'll know what for ordination is and you'll know what God did before the foundation of the world. He gave you an angel before you were even born to protect you while you're here to get you to a place because you know what the the devil wants to kill us all. He wanted to listen. He tried to cut him off at two years old. He tried to kill Moses's generation. He tried to kill Jesus's generation by physically killing babies, right? Well, he's physically trying to kill babies now, babies in Christ. He's trying to make us what? Dilatory and and where we just don't do, you know, we're just in the message and uh we just come to church because it's a ritual and and the preacher talks about adoption and we know what adoption is in the world, but we don't know why in the world we need to be this place. Well, we're going to find out maybe to let the scriptures show us tonight. So though he were a son, yet learned he obedience obedience by the things he suffered. Amen. And being made perfect. When he came out of the tomb, his his soul was already perfect. Spirit was already perfect. His body had to be made perfect by what? The process of death. Because he didn't die for himself. He died for us. All right. Amen. And he resurrected for our justification. So that we can look back to the cross and say, "God, I know what you did. Now you're inside of me." Finish your work. Cuz we are here to finish the work of God. And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him. Let's bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, thank you for the word tonight, for the singing, Lord, and for just us showing up. Father, I pray that you'd give us, Lord, the supernatural strength tonight. Lord, just raise us up, Lord. Many are tired and and weary, Father, and we know it's just the old human body, but Lord, just give us a spark tonight, Father, that we can hear from you, Father. Bless us. Be with the ones that are sick, the ones we call, the ones on the prayer list, all the different things, Lord. I pray that you'd bless the weekend coming up, Lord, with Brother Chris and Sister Joanna, that they'll get here, Lord, and have a good time in you, Father. will all gather around your word, Father, and say, "Did not our hearts burn within us as we heard what our brother had to say to us this weekend?" Father, forgive us of our sins and bless in Jesus name. Amen. So now Timothy, you can be seated. 2 Timothy 2:8 says, "Remember that Jesus Christ of the seed of David was raised from the dead according to my gospel." Now, wow. What about Paul? Paul didn't write the Old Testament, but he took the Old Testament and by revelation, he knew Jesus Christ raised from the dead because of what he was preaching. Now, remember, he's preaching it here. Jesus died back here. So, you see how the word is eternal. The word goes both directions. Amen. Wherein I suffer trouble as an evildoer, even unto bonds, but the word of God is not bound. Therefore, I endure all things for the elect's sake, that they may also obtain the salvation which is in Christ Jesus with eternal glory. Let's skip on down. If we suffer, we shall also reign with him. Now, I want to ask you kids something. when you were young and little and and um you were outside playing or or playing with a neighbor's kid and you did something wrong and your mom and daddy comes outside and looks like they had a tree in their hand, not just a like just a limb and it was it was a hand, not a paddle, you know, and they spanked you and said, "This is hurting me worse than it's hurting you. I thought my dad and mom had lied. Right, Sophia? Sophia's going to do why? Because we got in trouble. But and we suffered our rear ends and other parts got it. It we suffered. But I thank God for everyone I got and should have got some that I didn't get. You say, "Well, that hurt." Yes, it hurt. I remembered what my journey took me to and when I should not do that again, right? Because of the consequence that I got when I did it. Right? Everybody with me. So if we suffer, we shall also reign with him. If we deny him, he also will deny us. And we know the Bible says that if you're if you can't stand correction, that you're a bastard child. Now, that's the Bible. That's not what I said. That's what the Bible said. If you can't stand correction, any of us. Why? Because if we can stand correction, that means we're coming to maturity. If we can't stand correction, then we're just a bunch of babies. Cuz babies hate cor hate correction. Young kids don't like to be corrected. They're not saying that, man. But us adults are But they don't understand. But when will they understand? When they go through the same thing we went through. I'm trying to simplify this a little bit tonight to where we can understand what's the importance of adoption. Why do we need to come to a position called adoption? It's not adoption like the world. Everybody with me? Adoption like the world is if you can't have children and you'd like to adopt a child that is maybe in foster care or or in some other uh ward of state or anything like that, if you want to adopt that person, then you can what? It's not your kid, but you adopt it into your family. It becomes your kid legally by here on earth. It becomes your kid. But it didn't come from you. That's right. Now, when we come to the adoption of sons in the Bible, we did come from we come from our earthly parents, but our heavenly parents is the one that's going to adopt us. We can't adopt oursel. Listen, the tutor The tutor in Galatians didn't adopt that person. It was the father. That's right. The father is the only one that can adopt you into the family, not into the family as a family member. If you're born again tonight, you are in the family of God. I've been watching a movie. It's called The House of David and it's really pretty accurate. Samuel is a really good He's a good the guy that plays a really good prophet. That's the way I figured Samuel would be. Just a crusty old guy that just comes out and Have you watched it, Nyla? It's good, isn't it? But you got King Saul. You got King Saul. Then you got Jonathan standing there with him fighting battles and he, you know, all this. And then you've got the other son. We've got him in our all of our families, that other son or that other daughter that's just a happy golucky. He's drinking all the time and he's got ladies around him and he don't want to fight, but he's still Saul's son. And we get toward the end, Saul and Jonathan's out on the battlefield. They think they're getting killed. So, they anoint that dude king and they could because he was the son of Saul. So, as you and I are the sons and daughters of God, sure, we'll misbehave. That's right. We'll take correction or we won't. That's right. And we can stay babies, but you're not going to come to a full understanding of why you're here on this earth. You're not going to come to the full understanding that you are in the line of becoming kings and priests yourself. Not just because you're in the family. It's because you come to a position in the family. So, is everybody with me? Adoption is placing a Christian in a place where God just like Adam. Now, Adam wasn't adopted because he wasn't born. Right. Right. But but in type, what did God do? God said, "This is my son." Right. And at that time when he was full grown, he said, "You get the earth. I'll take care of heaven. You take care of the earth." All right. He had rulership over the earth and he was listened one time until the fall. Praise the Lord. God had fellowship with him every single day face to face just like a child. Just like a man and a woman and a woman and man and a woman in him and God. Everybody with me on that? Why? Because he had put he had he had instilled all the power on earth. He had given it to Adam, right? Okay. So, he was adopted, as you say, into the family. He was already a son, but he, like I said, remember, he wasn't a baby, so we can't type it all the way up. But remember, he did have complete rulership of this whole earth. Right? I'm talking about top to bottom. Amen. And being a spirit man, all right, come up. Being a spirit man, he could travel like a thought. Right? Remember folks, whatever happened in the Garden of Eden on the good side, that's what we're going back to. There was a great gulf. As we were talking Sunday, there's a great gulf that God God, in other words, he said, "Stop. I can't see what you're doing anymore. I cannot stand your sin, but I'm not going to annihilate you. I'm just going to make the earth be cursed, and whatever you took out of the earth is going to curse you." All right, everybody with me on that? But before that, it wasn't that way. But afterwards, God said, "I'm going to put a division, but I will come again as the woman's seed and put all this back together again. The chasm and everything will be brought together. You and I will be brought back into fellowship. And we're going to see a some of it now on the earth today. I believe we're fellowshipping more with God, closer to God than we've ever fellowship before." You say, "I don't see anything." Are you here just to see? Are you here just to see? I'm here to believe. I'm here to believe. And then see the results of what I believe. Amen. Cuz remember, sometimes things I believe as a human may not be right. You may not be right, but God's always right. Amen. But we've got to suffer for a little period of time. And that doesn't mean I mean really they suffered like Peter was crucified upside down. Right. Totally choking himself to death upside down because he didn't want to be crucified like the Lord. James was killed with a sword. One of them's head was cut off. One of them went to some other country and and he was pulled apart by animals. I'm talking about the apostles, the one that God anointed to take the word to the world. They gave their life, all but John the Baptist, they gave their life to get this gospel out. So, they suffered, but they're going to reign. But it wasn't. But now remember, now listen, you say, "Well, what's the difference?" Well, the difference is the dispensation. Their dispensation was that was the first church age. There was six more to come. There had to be six more messengers. There had to be six more groups of people come to bring the whole body. Cuz remember, we're building a body, not just a piece. We're building a whole body. Amen. And it takes the whole body for the whole head to sit on top of. So if we suffer, we'll also reign with him. If we deny him, he also will deny us. If we believe not, yet he abideth faithful, he cannot deny himself. In other words, you can stand all day and disbelieve and disbelieve and disbelieve and disbelieve. God's going to do what his word said. He's going to do it. It doesn't matter what you think. He's going to do what his word said. What we have to do is we've got to plug oursel into that revelation so that we can get the benefit from it. Amen. Right. And what little bit of suffering, like I said, think about those uh in the dark ages where the women that were expecting a baby, they cut the baby out of the belly of the ba of the woman and throw them to the dogs and let them eat them and the hogs just because they were Christians. And guess who what spirit they were under? Are you ready? They were under the spirit of Constantine. All right. And we have a Constantine right now. Well, praise the Lord. Anyhow, listen. Don't be afraid. Be vigilant. Okay. We're not to fear. Fear brings torment. You continue to do as you're doing. Keep going as you're going. Amen. Amen. Right. Brother Bram said, "If you knew if you knew that the Lord was coming tomorrow, plant your potatoes if that's what you're doing." If you're going to get married, go ahead and get married. Right? If you knew the Lord was coming tomorrow. So, we can't just do as some did many years ago. You know, Brother Ram said education was of the devil. So, they pulled all the kids out of school. This was of the devil and that was of the devil. And they just started pulling. I mean, here we are standing here today. Okay. Right? We're educated, some advanced education, and we're doing fine. Just don't let that educ education get in the way of your walk with God, cuz we have to be educated to get a real good job so that we can survive in this world. It's just the way Leosa is. All right? So, I'm not going to tell you to do that, but it was a prevalent thing when you got 16 years old. State of Georgia said they had to go to school till you were 16. Soon as you turned 16 years old, they pull you out of school and put you to work. That was your parents cuz they had a revelation that wasn't updated. Praise God. My dad didn't have that revelation. He was far advanced from that. He always asked a question. Why did all the other Brandham kids graduate high school and brother Brandham was against it. All right, let's continue on. Smrna church age. Why does he stand by? The reason is Romans 8:1 17. And if children then hes of God and joint hes with Christ, if so be that we suffer with him, that we may be also glorified together. For I reckon that the suffering of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. So where's the revelation going to come? It's going to come to us and through us and be us. That's the adoption. That's where God is going to not become silent. He's be going to become more vocal than he ever has in his whole entire life. His whole entire existence was to give his voice to a group of people and them be the final voice to the final age under our messenger. You and I are going to finish this thing up. Amen. Right? By the spoken word, not by an idea, not by an emotion, not by a sensation, but by the spoken word of God. Unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him. You have to suffer to reign. The reason for this is that character. Now, let me stop for a minute. Now, you take that and you read the Bible, and I'm sure maybe Martin Luther read the Bible cuz he it was putting in print when he put imprint when he was a uh a monk there in uh in the monastery. And then he come out and, you know, did what he did with the uh coming out making a reformation or or coming out and being a uh a non-atholic. you know, he read that scripture and Martin Luther was known, they said, to just lay out on the street and drag yourself across the uh the stones and and try to get rid of all that. Uh if you ever saw the movie, there's a move movie about Martin Luther and um it was made very well because it showed him laying on the ground trying to do penance in his body to get God to forgive him of his sins till he gets up one day and God strikes him and says the just shall live by faith. So Martin Luther stood up on his feet and he started a message. You started a reformation from that Catholic doctrine of doing penance and doing all these different things and sticking yourself and smacking yourself. You can do that till the day you die and it will not help you. So unless we suffer, suffer doesn't mean that we have to do that. It does mean that there's a lot of things that we willingly give up. When you sisters married your husband, I hope you willfully gave yourself to your husband because that's what a wife's supposed to do. Is everybody with me on that? So, guess what? We are the bride of Christ, and we've got to do the same thing to him. Give up our will, not my will, but thy will be done as Jesus said when he went into Gethsemane. You and I got to come to the same thing. Because brother Ram told us, he said, "Look, power without character is satanic. But power with, in other words, give a baby a key to the car and tell him tonight to get in the car and drive you home." That's no character, no victory. Right? So a man without character can't rain because the kid will drive don't even know how to start the car. But it's the same person that if he lives to 16 years old, they're going to get to drive a car. Everybody understand that? That's why we're coming to the adoption part. You can you can trust your kids for certain things. You can trust them to do certain things. You can trust him not to do certain things. Okay? Right? So God's the same way. There's only one way we can understand adoption is to understand our own regular life, our own family, our own upbringings, and watching our kids grow up as God watches our self grow up. Because remember the Bible tells us, I read in Galatians, where we are under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father. In other words, you're getting ready to graduate. Are you going to graduate with honors or you just going to barely make it by the skin of your teeth? Right? Am I with me? So if you graduate by the skin of your teeth, you still graduate, but you're you just have you're you're behind as old saying, you're behind the eightball. But if you want to further your education, you want to get into a little more revelation, it's there already for you. You've just got to go to school. Right. Tutors and governors is the Holy Ghost plus plus apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, and evangelists, elders, elder sisters, elder brothers that can help you through your life for anything you need. There's an answer if you'll just listen. Now, you may be like some that some has come, as brother Dale said, people come to him and say, "I'm going to change jobs. What do you think?" He said, 'Well, it ain't what am I going to think? You already said you're going to change jobs. You already got your mind made up. Why do you need my approval? Now, if you come and say, "Brother Dale, I've got these two things right laying in front of me, and I don't know which one to do." Then we'll pray about it. Any of your brothers, I ain't jealous. You ask any of the brothers, I don't care. I say, "Look, I've got these two things right here in front of my life and I'd like to have an answer from God." Then see, somebody can help you, but if you come and say, "Now, you know, I'm going I'm moving to Kentucky. What do you think?" Well, what Brother Dale said, he said, "Well, God bless you. See you later. You already made your mind up." Well, are they are we that way with God to where we come to God and say, "Look, God, this is the way I want to do it, but what do you think about it? Sorry, ain't going to happen." cuz we will always make a mistake. God will never make a mistake. So a man without character can't reign because power apart from character is a train wreck in other words or a car wreck. But power with character is fit to rule what? Somebody that knows what they're doing with the tools that God gives them. All right, I know this is simple, but but we need to understand why instead of just throwing these words out, adoption and all these different things, know why we get need to come to adoption. know why that that it's required especially in this age, right? Cuz it's in the Bible, right? And since he wants us to share even his throne on it. Listen, God is not sure God's a jealous God, but God doesn't want to be God alone. Everybody with me? He doesn't want to be God alone. Or he would have never said in scripture, ye are God's who the word comes to. He said he wants to share everything with us. Listen, Romans 8, we'll get to it maybe later on. Romans 8 says, "Heirs and joines." I read it here a minute ago, brother Ramy. Heirs and joiners. That means we get the same thing Jesus gets. If he got a body change, we get a body change. Amen. We just don't have to go to a cross like he did. We have to bear a cross, but we don't have to go to a physical cross like he did cuz he did it once for all. He made one sacrifice. The only sacrifice he's wanting from us is our life. Amen. That's right. And not death. He wants your life. He wants you to live for God. But remember, living for God and not knowing what you're doing is satanic. That's that's basically what he's saying. Okay. You can live for God, but you can be like the the Saul's youngest boy. He was just a he was just a what brother Ram said, raped about. He just didn't care about nothing. But he was a son. And when everybody died out or we go, they thought they died out. He was a king. Didn't matter. He was in line. He was in the family. But remember, God's not going to give you the key to the car and you be a baby. All right. So, let's go through the Bible just a little bit right here. We already talked about the three poles. We know what that is. We're in the age of adoption to where God, now remember, he has come as in the book of Matthew tells us, this Elijah restores everything back to its original owner. Everybody with me? Lord, don't fall asleep. It's only 7:51. I had a bad day, too. I had a root canal yesterday, and boy, y'all must have prayed well. Whatever you prayed, pray the same prayer for all the rest of you. Amen. I have never had a root canal that I couldn't feel. Anybody's had a root canal? You felt it, didn't you? I'll promise you, I didn't feel anything but one stick of a needle. That's all I felt. And they didn't knock me out either. This guy was good. And he told me he I said, "How long is this going to take?" I said, "This is a wisdom tooth. It's going to You got four roots on a wisdom tooth." Four, not two. Four. He said, 'I'll be done in 25 minutes. He said, 'You time me.' I said, 'You're lying.' He sat down. Soon as the Novaane got it got good and numb, he sat down and he said, "Time starts." He's a pretty cocky guy. 21 minutes later, he stood up and walked out the door. Finished. Done. And I walked out behind him. 21 minutes and didn't feel a thing. Thank God. Thank God. I appreciate that. I'll give you the guy's name and number. Amen. He's not cheap, but Oh, I've went through some of them where I Who was it we were talking about? Who was we were talking about? I mean, I have literally gripped the gripped the sides of the uh of the chair and almost feel the leather. Oh, you told me that's right, Donnie. You feel the leather coming up, brother John. You know, it's like not with that guy, man. You could have sing Amazing Grace and it wouldn't hurt nothing cuz that's what it was. It was Amazing Grace. But thank God for that. I don't know why we got into that, but anyway. But God's good. He's mindful. Sometimes you got to ask him, though. You can't just say, "Well, that's too Regina, that's just you." Why should you ask that? That's just silly. There's nothing silly in God. If he got you here, put you here, put you not sitting here, but put you in this age, in this message, he wants to hear from you. Amen. If we're to be the final voice to the final age, there's got to be somebody that's going to listen to you and it's going to be your fellow brother. But God is the one that hears you and said, "Hey, I am pleased to dwell in that vessel, hear what they have to say." Isn't that what Jesus said? They baptized him. He said, "This is my beloved son whom I'm pleased to dwell." If you're born again today, he's pleased to dwell inside of you. You say, "Well, I did this. I did that. Your soul didn't. Your soul can't sin. If it's born again, it cannot sin. It cannot have a bad thought. It cannot even have a bad day. But you see how much that sin though got into our body and our spirit realm to where it just motivates everything we do. So this adoption thing is what I know I was motivated my rear end was motivated by my mom and my dad mainly my mom to do better to not do that over again. I don't like doovers but if you remember if you take a test and fail it guess you go have I take it again. But we had a restoration that was to restore not just to from a Baptist to a a message believer, Methodist to a message believer, a worldly person to a message believer. We got a message that's going to take us all the way to the change of the body to where that everything, every fiber of your being one day, as it's beginning to now, I believe, is going to be transformed and you're going to be able to have power over it. That ought to make you happy. But I guess some of you are not happy for that. I'm really happy for that. Amen. And remember though, you got to come to a place to where God's not going to say, "All right, I've given you uh Sister Alicia, you've got all power. I want a million dollars. Give me a car. I you know, take me to Hawaii, Lord, for See, that's a baby. That's a baby. I'm not saying you're a baby. You understand that? But that's what a baby would do with that money. If you were given a million dollars, a baby wouldn't know what to do with it. A grown adult would know what to do with it. Invest it, put it up, buy a few things you want, but put it up for the future. XYZ. Well, same way with God. When you become born again, you are a son and daughter of God. You have the ability to come to adoption. Other than that, you have no ability to come to this adoption. I'm telling you about no ability. God's not going to what what brother Dell always say, God is not going to adopt the devil's children. There's no reason to because they're just satanic and they have power, satanic power. They don't have God's power. They have satanic power. But you and I are under this message of restoring all things. And we'll get to it in the seals to where when that seal opened, when all those seals open, sure it showed Jesus Christ. Amen. showed the showed us where the devil was. Now we know where the devil's at. He was right here in my thoughts, in my ideas, in my own religion, in my own quotes, in my own whatever fit my my my my no Jesus said, "Not my will, thy will be done." That's what you and I got to come to. Right. Right. And he will do that because if he conquered the cross on the cross before the cross in Gethsemane, you and I, he did it so that you and I can do the same thing. Right? You will have a Gethsemane experience. I promise you, if you going to take a body change, you'll have a Gethsemane experience. You'll have a place to where you'll stand and say, "Lord, not my will, but thy will be done." Amen. Not my ideas, not my wants, not my needs. Whatever you say, Lord, that's what I'll do. Can we do that? Well, see, that's why we must have adoption. That's why we must come out of child training drinking milk. Milk's good. But milk ain't got everything you need. You got to come over here and start eating some beans and potatoes and a little bit of meat. And if you're a vegetarian, we'll pray for you. Amen. I ain't never seen one had any color. The anointing ones at the end time, brother Ram said, "Look, no, it's the very day when this messenger," not when he starts on, but when he begins to declare his message. When did he begin to declare his message? When the seals opened, he started declaring what God told when he said he's coming to restore all things. That is the all things, right, brother Bob? That's the all things. All things is bringing back to where whenever seal open, let me finish my thought. Whenever seal opens, you're going to see what Jesus Christ a white horse rider run out or a red horse rider. But you're going to see where he was at and you're going to see who's there now. Right? Cuz you are of open book. You are the seal that was open now. We know we're sealed till the day of our redemption. But remember, you got a body and a spirit you got to tame. You listen, if you're born again today, you're sealed in. It's like the box car. You got everything in there. You got the box sealed. You got the conductor or the guy put the seal on it. And nobody can open that box up. Satan can't open that box up for nothing. It's sealed to your destination. But where do you want to go? Do you want to go just out in the yard and be sitting there for a while and not, you know, not go out there and unload your cargo? No. You want to unload your cargo yourself. Right? And to unload the cargo means you give this message or you give this eternal life to someone else. You you give your life not your life physical your life spiritual to preach the word of God to go different places to to go different places to go different places sing different songs worship do the things that we do here. Amen. We're going to preach on that and not not in the near future. But I want I got a little thought about even a body thou hast prepared me. But remember, take your natural body. What color is your blood? Is this hard? What color is your blood? Red. But what in your blood fights disease? Where's that at? You got white blood running around all over the place when they stick you. Do you got white blood running everywhere? No, your blood's red. But what's inside of you, inside of that blood cell, is something that'll keep you and it will heal you. And it's white. Yeah, the Holy Ghost, the white righteousness of God. Remember, if you see red through red is what? White. And that white blood cell is what heals you. Your red blood cell do not heal you. It carries oxygen. Everybody with me? Been studying a little bit on that. It it takes brain oxygen flows, but over here you got white blood cells mingled in and they go to one place and that's where you need it most. If you go to a break or or or you got a even a headache, wherever your body's paining or hurting, wherever your body's hurting, I hope somebody gets a little spiritual here. Whenever your body's hurting, that white Holy Ghost, that white blood cell knows where to go. It's the same life as the red. There's no two lives in there. It's the same life as the red, but one has one deal that takes care of this and one that takes care of this. All right, we'll talk about that maybe later on. But the very body that you live in proves that there's a God that's got everything inside your body that you need. That's right. Now remember, not in a fallen condition. We understand that. But Adam wasn't sick. He had blood flowing through his veins. He had a heart. He had a liver, lungs. He was a man. Right. Right. Listen, guess what? Jesus was born. Oh, he was God. He didn't have nothing inside of him but God. No, he had a liver, lung, heart, blood cells. But he was almighty God. Same way with you and I. Listen, we're a many membered body working together to bring this body under subjection. You cannot bring your body under subjection sitting at home. listening to tapes. Amen. Because the prescription that the doctor gave us a while back in the Bible, it says, "Come to church and listen to apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, and evangelists." Okay? That's just pretty much the way I get my vitamins. That's right. That's where I get my vitamins at, brother D. I just I just can't get it anywhere else. Yeah, you can you can go sit under a tree and you can have a happy, blessed time. And it's happened to all of us. go down the road and God come into the into the car with you so strong. You know, one time I I had my hat on. I was working. I was driving down the road and and I was meditating on something and a song came on and I just I just felt the presence of the Lord and I just threw my hat out. I I don't know if it went out the window. I just lost a thing. But I wasn't going to have it on with God there with me, but he was there with me. I hope you have that same experience. It's not going to make you any better than anybody else. But it is kind of good to have God come on the scene and be right there visible. Visible. Not. Yeah. Visible. Visible in your mind that there is a God there. Listen, we get the devil there a lot. Why don't we glory when God comes? The devil's there all the time. He's got to move the devil out of the way to get to me. Y'all pray for me then. If you walk where angels walk, that's fine. Good for you. Now the very day when not notice the very day when this messenger now what was his what was his message the opening of the seals because no one had preached that until Jesus Jesus preached them in Matthew 24 2,000 years ago no one understood them Paul had a little bit of an of an understanding but not a complete not a restore all things then you come over here to our age where everything is going to be restored back to the faith of the fathers plus That's right. Amen. Faith of the fathers plus because the faith of the fathers didn't have the opening of the seals. They didn't have all the mysteries revealed. Anybody with me? But we do. And what are we doing with them? Are we just sitting them on a shelf? Bible says study to show yourself approved. Kids, if you don't study, if you don't study and you go to school, what's going to happen? You're going to get a bad grade. You're going to get a zero. Well, that's the same way with God. That's right. If you don't study, you're not going to get anything from God. Cuz listen, the only way you get anything from God's right here. Amen. Yeah. Press play. That's okay. That's all right. But this Bible says to come here and get your filling from a five-fold ministry for the perfecting of the saints. Let me put it this way. For the adoption of the saints. Amen. You won't get adopted by pressing play. That ain't the only way. They can say them little cute things all they want to. That's fine with me. But I was telling you Sunday, a lot of people are doing that. They're doing it by the droves. But there's something inside of me that says, "No, no, that ain't going to work." Right. Every time I hear that, it's like, you know, people heard, you know, you hear things and people hear things say, "Well, let's go to Jeffersonville. All you got, well, we're listening to tapes. That's he's our five-fold ministry. He Brother Brown's our prophet. He's our he's our pastor and all the different things." You know what that don't when I hear that it doesn't the symbol don't sound I can't hear that, brother Alex. It's an uncertain sound. Can it be to you? Are you are you leaning that way? I tell you what happened to me a couple days ago. I was fixing to study on something that that somebody had brought that from the um believe the sign people. You can go there if you want to. But there's a spirit with that thing. That's right. There's a spirit you don't need. If you're weak, you definitely don't need that spirit because it's praying on weak people. Right. But brother Luis, I open my tablet to pull up that website. I I had I was I had a couple hours to do nothing. Believe that I made time. I was going to study this out to see if, you know, if what they're saying is true or or how you can combat that or how you and with my hand up to the Lord, something spoke to me and said, "Don't touch it. Don't ever go there." And when I shut that book, I don't know how I stood up out of that chair, but I stood up out of that chair and I was gone. Completely away from that thing, whatever that was that was going on. You be careful. It's okay to study certain things. It's okay to study to make yourself approved. But don't you start diving into that stuff because I'm telling you that is a spirit that will get a hold of you. Amen. And if you don't have the Holy Ghost, it will absolutely trap you. That's what's happening. Them people that left the message, they don't have the Holy Ghost. Can't. Like I said before, there ain't nothing in here that says that's right. All right. They they tell me this after that. I'm telling you folks, you can find fault. They found fault in Jesus. They called him a You hang around sinners too much. You hang around prostitutes. You don't wash your hand when you eat. Well, count me in that group. I wash my hands all the time. But they put that on him though, brother Bob. They put that on him saying you ain't God just because you don't wash your hands. Yeah, that's right. Are you are you with this group over here or or or you don't believe the way we do so you're be elabub. They called God be elabub. What do you think they going to call you? They going to find fault with you. They found fault with him, brother John. And he was perfect. But remember, they couldn't get past the humanity, watching Jesus eat, watching him sleep, maybe getting sick, throwing up. I'm just being real. Hey, go to the bathroom. Jesus had to go to the bathroom. He was that human. So they saw that. It's like Jesus said when we were watching The Chosen, if you remember, he was in the courtyard with his mama, remember? And he was getting like at the end of the end of the um season whatever before this one coming up and he's talking to his mother and he said, "Mother, they don't see me because of this. I'm human." She said, "I know you are. I changed your diaper." So, you know, and they had a little chuckle with it, but that's the truth. That's the same way with me and you. They'll pick us apart if you'll let them. Just don't get a hold of that thing and don't let it get a hold of you. There's nothing to it. It's all lie and vanity. You can find fault. Listen, why don't they find fault in Billy Graham? I was thinking about this the other day, Brother Bob. Why don't Why have they not found fault with Benny Hinn and Billy Graham and oral Roberts? Oh, sure they found some little things. But man, they're after brother Brandham just cuz he brushed his teeth. I mean, I you know that ain't true, but that's about as silly as a as it is. Amen. So, let me just warn you, just be mature when you look look at something. If you don't understand this message, then don't you don't need to delve into that. Without the Holy Ghost, you better leave it alone. It is a very strong spirit because you know what it is? It's a spirit of iniquity. And Bible tells us iniquity shall abound in the end time. And the love of many will wax cold. And they're so cold till they hate this message. They hate anybody that has anything to do with it. And they sure hate the prophet. Amen. First pull was healing. Second pull was prophesying. Third pull was what? The mysteries revealed. And that's what we're under now. The mysteries can only be revealed by a prophet. Now remember, a prophet can't give you a revelation. He can bring you to a revelation. Everybody with me? You don't get a revelation for brother Brandham. Amen. You get a revelation from God that says that ain't nothing but the truth. My messenger has come and put it together so you can understand it. That's right. That's why John took the book from the mighty angel. He didn't take it from the seventh angel messenger. Sorry. He took it from Christ. Christ told him to eat it up. The seventh angel messenger was the voice to get us to it. In the days of the voice and seventh angel when he been be the mystery of God to be finished. So why didn't that just finish it all up? No, the whole scene was then then then God then Jesus or Christ says here John eat the book. He didn't give it to the angel and the angel gave it to I mean the seventh angel and the no the seventh angel's voice is what gave us the opportunity to get to God. So give me that cuz I'll promise you you you'll find fault with everybody. Anything you can find fault with. But I'd rather let this speak and not this. That's right. Please let it go into your heart, into your soul. Let it go right here. Cuz right here you're going to read. Listen, it's like I said before, how many seen Jesus? How do you know he resurrected? There's three places they say is the tombs in Israel. Three. It only had to be one. It couldn't be three of them. crucifixion might have been here, might have been over there. Do you have to know exactly the stone that the that the that the blood fell on? No, you do not. We're not going to get finished with this message. Now, watch. So, the third pull is what? Here, here we're we're coming to adoption. So, the third pull is the opening of the word. Now, how are you going to open the word if you don't know what it is? All right. You don't you you've had this Bible in your hand for 2,000 years almost. Well, say 1500 years. This has been in print and been where you can read it. Why did it take a prophet in the end time to come and restore this back? It didn't restore. It didn't restore one word in this book. Didn't add didn't take from it. What did it take? It took the man's filter, his carnal knowledge of the word and changed it to the truth of the word of God. That's what this message is. That that's what this message produced. It was exactly what Jesus spoke. It was exactly what Paul spoke. It was exactly what the Old Testament saints spoke. That's right. We were restored back. Now, the Bible says it'll be to totally lost it to be the bride of the church. We know that. But remember when brother Brandham was preaching the seals, and I got been to it many, many times. And uh he's uh he's telling them there on the sixth seal on questions and answers. He said, "It's not for you." All right? They gone from you. Remember, I'm just going to say this by the word of the Lord. They weren't adopted to hear that message. That's right. They were still Pentecostal babies. There were still some people that thought Brother Brandon was it and that was all. Cuz when he died, a lot of them people that was sitting went back to their denomination. That's the truth. There was only a few that started what is now called the message. There was no message churches till way later. Like I mean 1968 because brother Mike Canada had and and then Athens in 1969 and here in 1971 I don't know somebody may have been u earlier but I don't know that they were I know this started in 71 that was only 6 years after the prophet left called the message church or a message church. So it was to a different group of people. It was not for the dispensation. Well, remember God brings things. What? God does. It reveals it and then makes it manifest. Amen. He did it through a prophet. Sure, he revealed it. May have just been for him at the time, but he revealed it to us and then he's going to make it manifest. What? Through us. The culmination of our belief is going to be a body change. Amen. Amen. Amen. So adoption is to set, put or place. To set, fix, establish, to set forth, to establish, or to ordain. Now look, Adam had authority. We know that for a fact. He had all authority of all the whole world. And he could travel like a thought. So he could go here and here because he was in spirit. Then what did God do? He planted a garden east of Eden and put Adam in a place because he put him in flesh. He couldn't fly around. But God did that for a purpose. so that everything could head up there and there be a fall. He didn't make it happen. He knew it would happen. All right. So, let's look and see what the Bible tells us just real quick and we'll be we'll be finished in a few minutes. Look in the book of Malachi 4. Now, here's Malachi 4:2 right before Malachi 45 and 6. But unto you that fear my name shall the son of righteousness arise with healing in his wings. And you shall go forth and stay a calf. Grow up as calves of the stall. Ephesians 4:14. That we henceforth be no more children tossed to and fro and carried away with every wind of doctrine. What? By the slight of preachers. Right. And men, the Bible says, of reprobate mind and cunning craftiness. They're smart. The devil's smart. He knows how to approach this message. He knows how to get people out of it. Amen. But he will not ever get a son of God out of this message. Never will he do that. Never will he pry a message believer out of this. Out of this. Never. Amen. cuz we're his. We're his children in line of adoption. Amen. We're sealed, protected till the day of our redemption. Amen. You got to know that though. You can't be tossed to and fro. Well, I don't know if this is right. Well, I don't know if that's right. I don't know what this is, but I don't know what that is, but I do know what that is, but I don't really know what this person's saying. Come on. Paul stood up one day and he said, "If an angel from heaven comes and preach any of," in other words, comes and says anything different than what I'm preaching to you, let that angel be cursed. Wow. Wow. And brother Brandham stood up and basically said the same thing. He said, "If God, if I have preached this message, if I have preached you the truth tonight," he said, "let God come on the scene and we'll see what he'll do." Right? There was not one time, that's what I told that brother. I said, "You tell me, we talking about vindication. You talk, you tell me one time that brother Brown stood and said, "Well, it don't look like he's coming tonight. I think we'll just close. Find me one out of,00 sermons. Find me one where brother Brandham, in other words, as we call it, God left him hanging. Why? Because he was a prophet. God respected that prophet because the prophet respected his word. He might have made mistakes. He called himself stupid. He almost killed himself twice. Almost was a murderer. Everybody with me on that? right? Wanted to kill those children. But God wouldn't let him cuz he had a purpose in his life. He wasn't protecting brother Brandham. He was protecting the gift. He was protecting the gift that was going to come through that man cuz he knew that he could come to adoption. You and I are going to have to come to a place to where we know I tell you everybody in this room, in this in this house, you can come to adoption. You can come to a place where you're settled, grounded, and when God speaks to you, you can put a stamp on it and say, "That's it." Amen. Cunning craftiness whereby they lie and wait. Listen, they're there. They lie and wait to deceive. But speaking the truth in love, may what? Grow up into him and all things which is the head, even Christ. Mark 4:7 talking about the swer of the seed and some fell among thorns and the thorns grew up. Remember the tears are going to grow up also cuz you remember Satan I don't believe Satan knows everything. If he's all knowing you'd be God. I think he reacts to what God does. Brother Bob, I think that I'm I'm pretty sure he re because remember he's not original. He can't bring He can't make something. He only perverts what God's already made. He cannot create anything. So he's a he's a copycat. So the thorns are going to grow up along with even remember Jesus said, "Let them all grow up." And what did he say? Let them all mature. Cuz once you let them mature, you'll know what's a weed and you'll know what's wheat or you'll know what's good and what's bad. Right. Burn this bunch. Gather this into the harvest. That's what's happening right now. Amen. Right now. That's what's happening right now. It's being separated. The thorns. But what happened? The thorns grew up, choked it. Choked what? Choked the plant and it yielded no fruit. Others fell on good ground and did yield fruit. Now, what is fruit? Fruit's the culmination of what was planted. Everybody with me? Right? If you planted ochre, what's going to come to the end of that plant? Ochre. All right. You plant an apple, you're going to expect an apple to come out to the end. When God plants the seed of eternal life in you, he expects the fruit to come out on the end of the vine. Everybody with me? So did yield fruit that sprang up and increased and brought forth 30, 60, and 100fold. John 12:4, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, except the corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone. But if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit." Let's put the inside of all that together. That plant came up and grew and produced fruit. Because the seed died, there was fruit. Matthew 5:48, "Be therefore perfect, even as your father in heaven is perfect." That word perfect doesn't mean you're not going to ever do anything wrong. It e it means complete or of full age, brought to its end. Remember what brother Brown told us? What was the seventh seal? What's the seventh seal? The end of all things. What is it? He said it's the end of the struggling world. End of this. End of that. It's the end of your struggling. If you'll know where you're at, brought to its end, finished, wanting nothing necessary to completeness. Now, that's an adopted son and daughter of God. Perfect. That which is perfect. consumate human integrity and virtue of men. Look, full grown. Be therefore fullrown even as your father which in heaven is fullrown. That all right? 1 Corinthians 13:9. For we know in part and we prophesy in part. But when that which is perfect, complete, restore all things, then that which is in part shall be done away. When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child. God doesn't mind you being a child. He minds you staying one. That's right. I thought as a child, but when I became a man, I put away childish things. Well, he didn't shake my hand. We've been having this problem. This devil has come to church here for the past several months. You got my seat. Praise the Lord. Anyhow, I think I'll bring I'll drink some water while y'all talk about that. That was already open. One of y'all drink this. You got my seat. It has been an issue. I'm sorry. It just has. But this is not only is it Where' Josh go? Did he fall out? Get here early. That will alleviate all your problems. You can have your seat if you'll get here. I know it's not on, but I was leaning up to where maybe I could get it. The Come on. Watch here. 1 Corinthians 14:20. We'll close. Brethren, be not children in understanding. How be it in malice be ye children. I don't like this. I'm afraid I Well, that she got my seat. Two Sundays in a row. Two. Look at them. They spread out like like a big old eagle. Well, praise the Lord. That's what we are. Make their little nest and their kids' nest and their grandma's nest and grandpa's nest. They take up the whole seat. Get here before they do cuz maybe you don't have no kids and you can get here early, right? But the Bible tell Bible tells us, "But in understanding, be men." In understanding, be men. Be mature. God wants you to be mature. Listen, God doesn't mind you crying out to him. We cry out to God all the time. But he don't want us to cry out about every little situation. That's right. Okay. Every little situ. No, he wants you to take this Bible and say, I stand on the word of God. But in understanding be men. Hebrews 5:13. For everyone that uses milk is unskillful, can't drive the car. Though he have a a brain, though she has hands, though they have a heart, though they have a little bit of intelligence, they're not mature enough to drive a car. That's why there's limits on, you know, the drinking age is 21. Why? Because they think you're kind of stupid, but they think you're at 21, you know what you're doing. At 16, you know how to drive. They off a few years, but why are those laws in place? Those laws are in place because that man looks at somebody and says, "Yula, you're just not mature enough to vote. You just don't have the, you know, not yet." And you sure can't drive daddy's big old truck. But now if you get daddy's age and you go through and you take what? Training, right? You get your license cuz you tell them and show him that you can do it. Then you can drive your daddy's big old truck. I saw him today. There was 15 cars behind him. He drives like an old woman. An 80,000lb one. with about what 20,000 chickens on his truck. 5,000 chickens. 5,000. You should have went up that hill faster. We always meet cuz my male route and his chicken routes the same. We usually meet twice. He's goes down, I come up, and I'm going down. He's coming up that big old long hill at 3:23 and he just chugging along and them people right behind him. They love you, brother. They love you. All of them had their windshield wipers on and water for some reason. There was things hitting the windshield. You know, for everyone that uses milk is unskillful in the word of righteousness, for he is a babe. God doesn't mind you being a baby. He has he has got patience that will quit being babies, but strong meat belongth to them that are of full age. Even those, now watch, even those who by reason of use. Practice makes perfect. Amen. Ula, you're going to have to take a course. You're going to have to learn how to how to almost put that truck together, take it apart. But they'll train you to do that. And then they'll take you out on a course and they'll watch you, right? And if you pass that test and if you don't knock all the cones over and run yourself off in a ditch somewhere or hit the instructor, don't ever do that. Don't ever hit the instructor. Then what'll happen is they'll give you a certificate with a seal on it that says you're authorized to drive that big old truck your daddy's. Let's try small cars first. But that's the way God is. God's the same way. If a tutor and a go if if teachers watch over us, according to Galatians, if we're watched over by teachers, the Holy Ghost, all right, we're watched over by him all the time. Brother Ram, we'll read it next time we come here where brother Ram says the Holy Ghost will go back to the father. And this is a dramatization. There's not three people, okay? But it's a dramatization that the Holy Ghost is the what? It's the spirit that's around you and in you watching your every move that you make. And he goes back to the father and says, "Hey, this guy is doing everything you told him to do." He's passing every test every time. Then God says, "Okay, we got something we're going to do. We're going to take him up on the mountain or we're going to take him out in the middle of the square or we're going to let something happen in his life that I'm going to put my seal approval on him and you're going to see that that's where you're going to hear from me. That's what he did with brother Brandham on on the mountain here and the other day when I read you about the sword fitting the hand that was his adopt was his placing. I just believe that and I believe all of us have to come to a sword in the hand. You don't have to be up on a mountain and you don't have to be in Arizona, Georgia. But anyway, uh you don't have to be where a sword fits your hand. You got to see the sword is the word. And this has got to fit your hand. You got to make your hand fit this. Okay? Not this fit your hand. Your hand must fit this. And what it is is because this is molding you. It molded brother Brandham into a place to where when he grabbed that sword, it fit. He said perfectly. So the word fit perfectly in his hand. And what did he do with that? He give it to me and you. But strong meat belongs to them that are full age, even those who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil. Ephesians 2:20. We'll be done. Come on, musicians. Ephesians 2:20. and are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone, in whom all the building fitly framed together. What groweth? Why would we want to build a house and and just build a foundation and walk away from it and say, "I got a house." No, you're just getting started. It's part of the house. It's a very important part of the house, but it's not the house. Same way with you. You're a house. You're a tabernacle. groweth unto an holy temple in the Lord. In whom you also are builded together, watch for a habitation of God through the spirit. This is my beloved son in whom I'm pleased to dwell. And then he took Jesus on the mountain and said, "If you're going to get it, this is who you're going to get it from." He adopted him into the family. Let's stand our feet. So that's what he said. While he yet sp. Behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them. Behold, a voice out of the cloud said, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm pleased to dwell. Hear ye him." We got to come to that where brother says one time, he says, "Now hear ye them." It's the bride speaking now, but it's not going to be the bride. is not going to be a babbling baby. Right? Because remember when you get to Revelations 19, you've come from a bride to a wife. A wife is the maturity of the bride. And his wife hath made herself ready. You got to put the garment on. The Lord will give you the garment. The Lord will give you the opportunity. But you got to put it on. That's right. You got to say, "Be it unto me according to thy word." You got to believe sometimes things that you don't even at the moment believe yourself. Come on. But remember, Abraham against hope believed in hope and made that hope into faith. And that faith took him to a promised son. You and I in the end time are going to have to produce the promised son. Not a baby, but a full-g grown man called the son of man in bride form. God bless you. Let's sing a song. Amen. Let's sing. Let the worshippers arise. Let's worship him. [Music] Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand and I want you to be [Music] standing holding your hand. So let your live in me. Yes, let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worippers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. I'm surrendering to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Oh, let the worshipers arise. Let the sons and the daughters sing. I'm surrendering my [Music] all. I'm surrendering to the king. [Music] Oh father, I hear it growing louder. The song of your redeemed. As the bride of every nation is awakening to sing. From our hearts there comes an anthem. Oh, hear the praises ring. This is our song, a song to our king. Why? Cuz we're sons and daughters of God. Don't let the devil ever tell you that you're anything different. You're predestinated son and daughter of God. You're predestinated to adoption. You're predestinated to be able to look at your children and pray for them and the devil back off. That's your job. That's something for you to do. You say, "How do you know that?" The Bible just told you because of you exercising your faith, you'll be able to do this. You exercise your faith. Let the shame. Do you tonight? Do you surrender everything? I surrendering my all. Yes, Lord. Oh, I surrender to the king. [Music] Let's say yes now. Oh, we see this. See the lamb in Revelations 5, the most sublime scripture in the Bible. When that lamb takes the book with your name in it, redeems you and makes you kings and [Music] priests. He's done it for us. Song of eternity. Worthy is the lamb. Hallelujah. Worthy is our king. Let the worshipers. Yes Lord. Great father. Lord let us see more of you Lord in oursel Father and our brothers and sisters Lord let us be Lord as the one stood that day and said look on us. Silver and gold have I none but in the name of Jesus Christ rise up and walk. Father, what a time, Lord. A time that we're looking at right now. It's in our face, Father. We're looking at you, Lord. And you said you'd do it, Father. You said you'd be with us. You'd never leave us, Lord. In this dark hour, Lord, we know that things are coming, Lord. But, Father God, we know that you gave us, Lord, the right vehicle. You pressurize us for this time, Lord, so that we can be ejected out of here, Father. Lord, give us strength for the things that we need. Be with us, Lord, this weekend, Father, Bless, Brother Chris, as you speak to us, Father, this weekend, Lord. I pray that you grant, Lord, the healing of the bodies of the ones that are sick, Lord, that they'll just reach up now and touch you, Father. And Lord, if we need salvation, Lord, that they'll reach up and touch you for that, Lord. We thank you for the blood. We thank you for the things you give us, Lord. We thank you for the Holy Spirit that's come among us, Lord. This in earth and vessels now. And Lord, that's absolutely taking over our lives. Father, Lord, be our headship, our husband. Father, I pray, Lord, that you'll be with us now, Lord. In Jesus name we pray, Lord. Amen. Yes. Sing it to him. Oh, and let the sons and the daughters sing. Oh, to be a son and daughter of God, to be a child. I'm surrendering my [Music] own. I surrender to the king. I was meditating the other day on the book of Esther. You know, we've all been through it. The word God's not even mentioned in the book of Esther. It's a story. It's a story about a little Jewish girl that comes to a place to where the king is absolutely captivated by this one girl cuz she put on the garment right. She walked right. She did things right. Thousands of other girls were involved in it. He picked one because of her character. And I like what um I believe it was Mori. She said, "I'm going in to see the king. My people are being are going to be destroyed." She found out what was going to happen. That Hmon was going to grab a group of people and they were going to go in and kill the Jews. And they were totally defenseless. Didn't know anything about it. It was going to be a surprise attack. All right. So she put on a dress that pleased the queen the the king. And she said, "If I go in, if I die, I die." Cuz if you if you went in to see the king, even though that was his wife, if you went in to see the king without him holding out the scepter, you died. They took you out and killed you right then. That's how reverent the kingship was. But she put on her best. She knew what the king liked. She knew that he wouldn't turn her down cuz she put on everything he liked. Everything he wanted, she put it on. And before she went in, Mori told her said, "You may die." In other words though, he said, "But you were born for this moment right here. You were born for this moment right here to present yourself to the King of Kings. And oh God, if you're dressed right, act right, speak right, God is so pleased with us, folks, till he's going to automatically, that king, I don't think that king even hesitated. He hadn't seen her for 30 days. He hadn't seen her for 2,000 years. He hadn't seen her for 2,000 years. This king was wanted to see his bride. But his bride was a little apprehensive because she knew she was going in uninvited. But I believe that brother John always in the king's heart, he was waiting on that queen to walk through that door. He was waiting on her to come at the right time. And as soon as she walked in, the Bible says he took and put out his scepter. Amen. And some people in the old Jewish tradition, that scepter was a cross. He had a cross on the end of it. Had a bowl and a cross. And what did Jesus do? He stuck out the cross. He said, "I can't kill you." In other words, I've already died for you. Come on in. What do you want? She said, "Oh, my people, they're going to die. Hmon has the devil has given us all these problems. The devil is fixing to put us in a trap. The devil is fixing to destroy my people." He said, "I can't change my word." Cuz remember the the the Mes and Persians, that was the law. If whatever a king said, you couldn't change it. He didn't change this. But he said, "I tell you what I'll do." He said, "You send letters. You send letters out and you defend yourself." See, a lot of times God is not going to win your battle for you, but he said, "You do that and you defend yourself." Isn't that what God did for us? He said, "I'm giving you something to defend yourself with. The devil's coming. I know he's coming on this day. I'm telling you when he's coming at you. I'm telling you what his tactic is. But I'm going to give you something to fight with." Didn't change it. He just showed it where it was at. Showed her where it was at. It was in his word that he spoke. And guess what happened? They're still celebrating that now. that now it's the day of pureim which means that one day when Hmon went out and he was going to defeat him and I mean he had them all together he was going to squash them all he just didn't know that God had given the bride the plan and she wrote letters of them 66 of them and said you can defend yourself I've give you I know when he's coming I know his tactic I know when he's going to show up this is the Well, guess what? You know what happened the rest of the story? They wiped them out. And then they came and hung Hmon on the same gallows that Hmon was going to hang Morai on. What a mighty God we serve. All mind's clear. The the the Old Testament, don't ever do away with it, man. It's got so many good allegorories and types and shadows and and like I said, the book of Esther had the word God's not even me in it. It's really not a religious thing. It's just two, you know, three or four people interacting with each other, but it's really full of good nuggets. But she was born for a time like this. You and I were born for the time like this right here. This is a home stretch now, folks. This a home stretch. I believe the baton has been handed to the last person. I'm not talking about person. I'm talking about bride person. And we're going to finish this thing. Let's bow our heads. Lord, thank you for all things. Again, Lord, I pray that you'd be with each one. be with us on the highways, Lord, home. Be with us this weekend as we come together, Lord, on Saturday and Sunday and worship you, Father, with Brother Chris. Give him the words to speak to us, Father. That'll help each and every one of us. Just bless us now. Be with the ones that are sick. Raise them up for your honor and glory. Lord, thank you for your word. Thank you for your many blessings you've given us, Lord. Thank you for the Holy Ghost that leads us and guides us into all truth. Father, we pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed.
