################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-07 - 25-0507 - I AM - Manuel Valencia - Manuel Valencia - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-07
Title:   25-0507 - I AM - Manuel Valencia
Speaker: Manuel Valencia
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kVACTJoL_kQ
========================================

The word of God in the word of God never true. It's changing me. It's changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Well, I'm happy to be here. I'm thankful and praise the Lord for Amen. for all he's done in our lives for this ministry for the opportunity to stand behind this sacred desk. Praise the Lord. It is um God bless you all that has been behind this ministry and supporting and have been a part of it. We've uh had a well a very um grateful welcome. So, we are so grateful for that. We thank the Lord and thank each and every one of you. And thank you, Pastor Dale. Well, as we all get situated here, we'll we'll get right into the word and we'll pray. I have a a thought that burns in my heart, so I look forward to sharing with you. It's a lot of scriptures and and as I was in my study, there was uh just a lot of fresh revelation just being poured down and we're so grateful to to be able to share this. Okay. Praise the Lord. Yeah, it' be perfect. That's good right there. Very good. Well, let's bow our heads as we're all standing already. Heavenly Father, we're so grateful. We're so thankful, Lord, that you given us life, that you're giving us these words of hope, these these words of life, that they let give us strength and help us cope. We ask that you bless this service tonight, that you will give us uh a strong anointing, Father, just to receive your word and uh that you would just have these words cause the effect that you intended for them, that they would not return to you void. Amen. I pray, Father, that it would be preached in simplicity. That the thoughts that you had before the foundation of the world would be fresh and revealed to us in a in a brand new way, Father, just like something brand new, something that rejoices, something that has life with it. So, we pray that in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You may take your seats. We'll start off with uh three opening scriptures. We'll go to Exodus 6. And the title of the sermon, it would be uh I am. Amen. Good. So just two two simple letter words. Amen. I am. And then I have a subtitle there. And it's stated, but he said I am. Amen. Amen. And then these are all scriptural verses. I even have a subtitle to the subtitle if I may. And that is when the I am speaks all else remains silent. And we'll see examples of that of Jehovah the Old Testament. We'll see examples of that of Jesus of the New. We'll see examples of that in brother Brandham's life and in characters of the Bible and in also if the Lord will us to share testimonies of in our our own lives. So, we're grateful to share this. All right. So, in ex Exodus 3:14, when you think of the I am, the first thing that comes to mind, right, is I am that I am. Amen. Right? That's just the first thing that comes to mind. So, let's go ahead and read uh that. It would be 34. And it says, excuse me, Exodus, Exodus 3:14, I'll read from here. And God said unto Moses, I am that I am. And he said, "Thus shalt thou say to the children of Israel, I am has sent you." I've always asked myself, what was it about that? Oh, okay. So, if he said it, then okay, now now we get it. What was that? What was it? What was it behind that name? It got me to think. It's like, was this the first time that the word I am was used or what what was it about it? And we'll go into that. Amen. Then we'll go into Mark 14:61-62. And um this is the high priest actually gonna pose a question. So he says, "But he held his peace Jesus and answered nothing." Yeah. Again, the high priest asked him and said unto him, "Art thou the Christ, the son of the blessed?" And Jesus said, "I am." Amen. Amen. And ye shall see the son of man sitting on the right hand of power. Amen. and coming in the heavens or in the clouds of heavens. Amen. Praise the Lord. And this is one of my favorite ones because this brings it down to me and you. Amen. This is referring to the blind man that was blind from his from birth, right? And some of his neighbors, it says on the verse before this, it says, "And some of the neighbors will talk among themselves. It says, is it him? Is it really him? You know, he looks like him." And again, these are the neighbors. They should have known him better, right? So then some said, it goes on nine, John 9:9, this is he. Others said he's like him. But what did he said? Amen. But he said, I am he. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. So we'll take off from there because uh those are the opening scriptures. But I have about 25 different characters that have said those words, I am. Amen. And I know brother Dale has said it. I know some of us have said it. You know, I am is such a personal strong testimony. Amen. It is um you know, first eyewitness and such. It is uh pretty powerful in a court of rule, right? In a rule accord. But I I think uh just as powerful is when the person that was there feeling it, doing it, it says what he truly experienced. It's the I am. True, brother. Amen. Right. So, we'll go with that. And as I was asking to see if it was the first time that that word I am was used or not. Then I realized that no, we had to go back to when God spoke to Abraham, it was the first time that the word I am was actually ever spoken. And I found it in Genesis 15:1 where he says, "I am thy shield." Again, it was not Abraham yet. It was Abraham. And then we'll find it in Genesis 15:7 where he said, "I am the Lord that brought thee out of." So it's already with the with the proof. You know, remember I was the one that brought you out. that that came with a bit of a of a evidence now of of the Chaldas to give thee this land to inherit it. Then we'll go into a little bit later where it says, "And when Abraham was 90 years old and nine 99, the Lord appeared to Abraham and said unto him, I am the God. I am the almighty God." Amen. and and we'll see and we'll trace through the scriptures how this almighty God kept on being traced to the different ones. Amen. And I love it how we usually hear of the the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. And there's a progression here because at first it was the God of Abraham only. And then you'll see how Isaac says, "I am the God of I am." He kept on revealing himself the God of Abra Abraham or Abraham. And then the same thing with Jacob. He says, "I am the God of Isa, the Abraham, the God of Isaac. Right? And then there was that progression, right? And then it went on to then it went on to Joseph uh the the fact that he revealed to him in dreams and then we have Moses. So though that was the progression there it it was so there was a story behind that already. So when they said I am that I am I am he has sent thee they uh they had the personal testimony already of what was what was it that their parents were talking about. Here's some some examples. I'll just scroll through some of these where seeing here he said, I the Lord appear unto him Isaac. The same night, I am the God of Abraham, thy father. Fear not, I am with thee. I will bless thee and multiply thy seed from my servant Abraham's sake. Amen. Then on 28, it goes on to say, now this is Jacob, right? Because he was talking about Jacob's ladder. So he goes to him, I am the Lord God of Abraham, thy father, and the God of Isaac, the land where thou liest to thee I will give it and to thy seed. I like how he threw that in there, right? And to thy seed. It's starting to involve us there a little bit. So praise the Lord. You know, this in blue here is not scripture. This is just me uh putting up a sentence in here. So God revealed to Abraham who the I am was. then Isaac, then Jacob, then to thy seed. So, we have a promise, right? Amen. Is the blessings were to Abraham and uh to the descendency and to thy seed. Genesis 35:11, he gave Israel the same promise and he said as he did Abraham and the same and the same in revelations of he said I am God Almighty. Now, that's Jesus speaking. So there's also a little bit of correlations here how the deity of Jesus Christ and Jehovah the old being being Jesus of the new. So then uh in here is when he spoke to Jacob in many different ways and he kept on saying the I am but I really would like to to ponder on this one a little bit. So in Genesis 37, Joseph dreamed a dream and then the father sent him to seek his brothers. A type right? We know brother Banner said he was a perfect type. Amen. Now he said the man was perfect. He said it was a perfect type. Right. So to see if they were keeping the sheep. His brothers were not. They had left to the thawn. His brothers conspired against him in Genesis 39. The Lord was with Joseph. So then we know what happened when he went on and to to become to come into his position. I love this verse because it says in Genesis 45:3, "And Joseph said unto his brethren," I am Joseph. So now think about how strong that is. Who can refute him? Who can tell him, "No, you're not." Who who can come against that I am in a in a person now? Yeah. In a human being, not I am Abraham. I am uh Jacob. I am Isaac. I am it. This might be the first time that a person was saying it in with this revelation. But look what happened. Does my father or does my father yet live? And his brethren could not answer him. So as we continue, we're going to read a lot of scriptures and and share a lot of testimonies from the message where I found people saying I am. Right. Brother Bandham saying I am. Yeah. Uh many of the characters in the message quotes saying I am. Right. And in the Bible saying, "I am." And just just do notice that how there's always a power that flew with it. There's always that went with it. There was always a a truth. There was always a righteousness. How you know, in Spanish, we have a saying when you play baseball and it says, you know, who's going to argue against the empire, right? Yeah. Right. You know, it's it's like said and done, right? It's like I think I am is a stronger statement that I'll read it again. And Joseph said, "This is Joseph clearly unto his brother, I am Joseph. Does my father yet live?" I just love that, you know, he's just already his heart's already earning you, and his brethren could not answer him, for they were troubled at his presence. Amen. Praise the Lord. I think that's just that I think that's beautiful, brothers. And you know, when somebody is truly testifying, I am. And I wrote that in there twice just in case I forgot it. So in Exodus 2, God spake unto Moses uh saying, "I am the Lord." The reason why I put these scriptures that are in Exodus 6 also where he said, "I am that I am is that even before God told Moses, now we're skipping to Moses now. Um uh I am that I am. Go tell him that I am sent." Yeah. Has sent thee. I love the fact that he also revealed himself to Moses. So in in 62 it says, "And God spake unto Moses and said unto him, I am the Lord." In six, he said, "Moreover, I said, I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob." Amen. And Moses hid his face, for he was afraid to look upon God. But on seven, it says, "And I will take you to my people, and I will be with you a God." Yeah. and ye shall know that I am the Lord your God. I like that know, right? And that I am the Lord your God, which bringeth you out from the burdens of the Egyptians. Yeah. Right. And then I love how in 11 Moses asked a real good question. He says, "And Moses said unto God, who am I?" See, God just told him who God was. Right? So, I think this is where we start to discover, well, who am I? Amen. Right. Amen. I think it's a good question to ask even. Go ahead and ask it. Might as well. I mean, you want to know who you live with. You want to know who you who you are. Amen. Who are you? And look into that. As I'm reading some of the scriptures, sometimes there's a there's plenty of places where the I am came after somebody asked that question. Who are you, Jesus? Who who are you? Or or to the blind man, you know, and I am he. Argue against that. He can prove it. He can say, I can tell what you look like now. Right. Amen. I was blind, but now I can see. Right. Amen. Praise the Lord. So I I like that because then he says that I should go unto Pharaoh. Who am I? Right. That I should go unto Pharaoh that I should bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt. Who are you? You know who are you to take God's possession out of Egypt, out of the world, out of denominationism and such. And then he said in 12, "Certainly I will be with thee." Amen. See, he didn't immediately tell him who he was. Again, he didn't answer that question quite yet. I think he does a little later here because it says, "I certainly I will be with thee and this shall be a token." I like how he gave him a token, right? He says, "Unto thee that I have sent thee." So, in other words, he's someone that God sent. So already he's telling to reveal to him who he is. When thou hast brought forth the people out of Egypt, I love how God prophesied, right? He says, "When you will, he will bring these people out of Egypt, you shall serve." So then here it is. He was God's servant. You shall serve. We have to find ourselves in the volumes of the book, right? So, he shall serve God upon this mountain. Praise the Lord. And that's a sermon in of itself. So, yeah. Uh I I promise not to take 10 hours, so I'll take the one. So, I'll make sure keep me make sure your brother keep me in line here. All right. So, and then then came the famous words, I am that I am. You know, I remember the first time I read those words. You got to remember uh I didn't raise with the knowledge of Christianism. And later in life when I first uh I don't know if you ever know what that feels like is to never uh read a Bible and here you are a young adult and you're reading the Bible like a kid again and then you read where it says I am that I am. It just does something it did something to me. It's like what is that? What why do why do I like it? Why do I think it's so right? Who else answers that way? It's like hey who are you? I am that I am. It's it's a you know am is a verb. And I was reading on this and we'll touch upon this on some future times, Lord willing. But I am is a verb. And I love how in the Spanish Bible when it says John one, it says in the beginning was the word and the word was with God. It actually says in the beginning was the verb and the verb was with God and the word was God. It it refers to a word as a verb. I like that because I can I can see that. I can perceive that in my personal walk with Christ. It's it's alive. It's a word that does. I be. You can say I is. You can say I is with the apostrophe as you know I I is. It's all the same. It's just you're basically in saying I believe he was saying I am he. You know the one the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, the God of Jacob, the God of that was in Joseph, right? And the God that is not in you because he told him that right before he told him this. So I love that study because how this study came about is you know I was intrigued by that I am but then I said was that the first time I was ever in? And then I went back. Amen. And of course it was said plenty other times going forward. So let's go right into it. And uh in 15 26 he he says I am with I am the Lord. I will not put I would not I will put none of these diseases upon thee which I have brought upon the Egyptians for I am the Lord that health thee. So here's another attribute of you know I am he's a healer right as we know it and in Ruth I love this in the book of Ruth and he said Boaz I asked a question he says who art thou right and she said I am Ruth I like the confidence here thine handmmaid right brother amen spread therefore thy skirt I think I read that somewhere else where God has spreads over his skirt over his people over thine handmmaid for thou art a near kinsman right isn't that beautiful like he You know what I like about this scripture? He didn't not only tell Boaz who Ruth was herself, he actually told Boaz who he was. Amen. He That's like when you say, "Thou Lord, thou are worthy." When you praise the Lord, you know, "And thou art a near kingsman." Amen. You know, you might be good, but you like it when your children say, "Dad, I think you're doing a good job." Yeah. I mean, that that's okay. It's okay that Ruth tells home. You're like near kingsman. Not just a kingsman, but he was near. Amen. Praise the Lord. And in Psalm 111, I found where it says, "I am thy save me." And I want to bring this up because uh it's going to start getting a little bit more powerful here as we start reading some more of the more I ams. But I want to bring a balance to this where it says, "I'm small." 1941 41. I am despised. Right? Because we know and we've read before that humanly speaking, there's also some other I ams. I am a worm. I am despised. I am weak. Right? So bringing in a balance here that we're not uh hyping up our flesh here when we said I am. Right? So if I get a little bit excited and all that just just re recognize this is not the flesh. I know who the flesh is. I don't want to testify of it this night. All right. Praise the Lord. So on the Song of Solomon's um course the Shulamite uh or the the woman here says I am my beloveds. I am my beloved and my beloved is mine. So he knows who he is too and who she is. He feedth among the liies in in 7:10 he says I am my beloveds and his desires towards me. He just doesn't know him. He knows like Amen. He knows so much about him that like he says he actually desires me. I think that's just personal. I think that's I think that's when we start getting into the I am of you know who the I am in us who who who we are in him and such. Right. So praise the Lord. And this I love it because it also mentions I am. And um there's a song for it, too. And to me, this is just powerful. Fear thou not, for I am with thee. Amen. Be not dismayed, for I am thy God. Surely I will strengthen thee. Surely I will help thee. Will uphold thee with the right hand. With the right hand of my righteousness. Yes. Amen. And then it repeats itself. 4110. If you're discouraged, 4110. Yeah. Amen. Amen. It's like didn't say nothing about me. He's other than that he's going to come help me. Amen. And he's going to come strengthen me. I need that to help me to uphold me with the right hand of his righteousness. Amen. Amen. So in Jeremiah, I love this too because this is just more about saying that how he parallels the I am with Jehovah of Jesus. Because this is Jeremiah 3:14, "Turn all backsliding children, say the Lord, for I am married." Pretty clear unto you. I would take you one of a city and two of a family and I will bring you to Zion. Amen. Praise the Lord. Right. And now let's get into a New Testament. So let me catch my breath here. And this is where we'll talk about the New Testament and then we'll share some message quotes and uh and then we'll get to share some testimony. Right. Praise the Lord. So So when Jesus came, this is Matthew 16:13 into the coast of Cesaria Philippi. He asked his disciples saying, so here comes the question again. Whom do men say that I, the son of man, am? Amen. I think he kind of gave him the answer with the question, but whom do man say that I, the son of man, am? I just love the question. Amen. And then in 16:15, he said unto them, but whom do you say that I am? Amen. And that's what Peter had that revelation. I just love that he's basically saying, I am. I am something. Yeah. So, all right, Peter, tell me who I am. In other words, I am, but tell me who I am, Peter. Who do men say? Who do you say? I just love that. I just think that's that's that's beautiful. So, then Matthew, it's just a good reference of the New Testament referring to the same God of the Bible, right? I am the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, the God of Jacob. Y God is not the God of the dead. Hallelujah. But the living. So, if you're living, praise the Lord. He's a God of you. So, Matthew 22 2046 to 46. I I I love this a lot. So Jesus is kind of giving him a tongue twister here. He's saying, "While the Pharisees were talking, were gathered together, Jesus asked them, saying, "What think ye of Christ?" You notice how it came a question again, right? So he's really asking about himself, but he says, "What think ye of Christ? Whose son is he?" So they said unto him, "The son of David?" He said unto them, "How then does the the David in the spirit call him Lord? saying, "The Lord said unto my Lord, sit thou in my right hand till I make thine enemies thy foottool." If David then can call him Lord, who is his son? Yeah. Right. And no, this is kind of tying back to that subtitle. And no man was able to answer him a word. Amen. Neither does any man from that day forth ask him any more questions. Amen. Shut him up. Actually, I was going to subtitle this. When Diane speaks, all else shuts up. But I thought that was gonna be a bit of a rude word. That's all right. Yeah. But uh all else remain silent. It still is. They surely do. Actually, you read here in the message what Brother Random says is the infidel had no grounds. That's right. In many different places where it basically means it put it it it calmed things. It it put things in their place. Right. So in John 145 to 49, uh I love this. So now this is talking this is going to Nathaniel now. So now we're going to be talking about how God discerned who the I am was in Nathaniel, right? Who he was in in the Lord's side. So we know Philip found Nathaniel. And of course in 47 says Jesus saw Nathaniel coming to him and said unto him, "Behold an Israelite indeed in whom is no G." This is one of those also that just got me to the core when I first read it for myself. Amen. Nathaniel said unto him, "Whence knowest thou me?" Right? So who how who do you know who I am? Yeah. Right. So he didn't actually deny what Jesus told him. Jesus answered and said unto him, "Before that Philip called thee, when thou was under the fig tree, I saw thee." So the question I have for us to think about is what happened underneath that fig tree. And the question I have, that's in the New Testament, but also in the Old Testament, what was it about when Moses told them, "I am has sent me." That did something. Was it that the children of Israel, what did they regard against about the I am that they just said, "Oh, well, he he said it then. Yeah, I believe it." And I want you to really think about what happened underneath that fig tree. Cuz if somebody just says, "Yeah, yeah, I think I saw you okay last time." Yeah. Oh yeah. Well, you don't say words like that. Nathaniel answered him. Yeah. And unto him, Rabbi, thou art the son of God. Thou art the king of Israel. Like three names, right? Rabbi, teacher, master. Thou art the son of God. Thou art the king of Israel. So I wanted to ask. And then Jesus answered and said unto him, because I said I saw thee, unto thee I saw thee under the fig tree, believest thou? Thou shalt see greater things than these. Yeah. So, I really want you to think is what happened underneath that fig tree. But what was special about it, right? Amen. That that it uh that it that it did something to to Nathaniel. She got some water in here. So, uh in sur we would see Jesus. I like how brother Brandon goes into a bit of a of a of a vision in here and he actually sees Nathaniel and he actually sees what Nathaniel was praying too. I think it's very special that a prophet, you know, is built up that way. So, brother Brandham goes on to say in s we would see Jesus probably it was getting evening time when he got in. He knocks on the door and Mrs. Nathaniel come to see the door. Well, if it isn't our friend Philillip. Oh, where is Nathaniel? He's taking a stroll out in the orchard. Orchard. So away he went out in the orchard and he found out there under the tree, the fig tree, he found Nathaniel down on his knees perhaps saying, look what he was praying for. Oh Lord God, that you promised us deliverance. We're looking for it. We've been waiting for it. When will you do it? Oh Lord God, I'm waiting for that promise you give. Amen. I just love that prayer. I think it's sincere. And he says gets up and dust his clothes off like that. And he turned around and who was standing there but Philillip. He said, "Oh, no doubt. Phillip, my friend." He's starting to think, right? And before he said anything, are you getting it wrong or is the trees all right? He had an urgent message. Y something real. He said, "Come see who we found." Oh, right straight to the mark. Come see who we found. Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph. He's the Messiah. I know he is the Messiah. Amen. I just think that's beautiful. I think that I believe that Philillip felt the presence of the Lord. I believe that Philip had an encounter with the am because Jesus said, "I saw thee and we know who I am was." And he told him who he was. And it must have been something so strong for someone just to say, "Okay, yeah, you're it. You're rabbi. You're the king." Yeah. Just think about it. Somebody just doesn't say like, "Oh, yeah. He he he must have told them, I am he. You know, I was there. I saw thee. I saw thee when you were under the fig tree." and only they knew what happened there. Yeah. But I think it's it's uh it's special that God revealed to Nathaniel who he was and who he Nathaniel was in the Lord and who the Lord was in his life and how that Jesus that was there was one and the same. Amen. And I think that right there, my brothers and sisters, has a lot of unity with the the the with the Jew, right, who's praying to Jehovah, right? The God of the Old and Jesus the new right there. and all being revealed in one. So, I personally love that. And in John 1:19, um, we know they they asked John the Baptist similar questions, right? And this is the record of John when the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, "Who art thou, right? Kind of goes to the same." And he confessed and denied not, but confessed, "I am not the Christ." I think that's powerful, too. It's good to know who you are and who you are not or who you ain't, in other words, right? So, Amen. Praise the Lord. And it says, "And he confessed and denied not, but he confessed, I am not the Christ." But what did he say on 23? He said, "I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness. Make straight the path the way of the Lord as say the prophet Isaiah." Amen. And they just there's power when he said that because that's who he was. They they you can't come against that. All else shuts up as brother would say, right? So John 3:28, yourselves bear witness. This is John saying it again that I said I am not the Christ but I am sent before him. But he still knows who he is. He knows his place, right? You know, brother Brandham said the same. So we we definitely appreciate that. I love this one. The woman at the well. The woman at the well said unto him, uh, I know that the Messiah cometh. That's right. Which is called Christ. When he is come, I I love that present word. Like when he is come, is he here? when he's come, he would tell us all things. Jesus said unto her, I Amen. that speaketh unto thee am he. Amen. That's another way of saying I am. By the way, if you didn't catch it, right? And I love this because, you know, I did this study. I really got before the Lord and and I was not just finding the word I am. I am. I am. Because you really have to read through the scriptures and and these names kept on popping into my mind like ah the woman at the whale. He said it's just a revelation. He he did tell them that he was him. So I went to go find it and it wasn't exactly like the you know I am right next to each other but he did say I that speaketh unto thee am he. Amen. So I think that's powerful because you know what happened with that woman that went to the well right and he she went and she testified and he come and see who he found. He told me all about me just because he told him who he was and maybe a little bit about who she was in the flesh but who he was. Encourage her who she will be in Christ. Right. Y he'll give you waters that you will not thirst again. Amen. God is good. So in John 8:18, I am one. This is Jesus that beare witness of myself and the father that sent me bears witness of me. In 8:53, as we know in chapter 8 is what he kind of really duped it out with uh with the u with the Abraham's seed there, right? because they were asking him, "Art thou greater than our father Abraham which is dead and the prophets are dead? Who maketh thou thyself?" Right? So it's a question. And then Jesus told him, "Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day." Yeah. And he saw it and was glad. Amen. Then said the Jews unto him, "Thou art not yet 50 years old, and hast thou seen Abraham?" Now think about this. Why was he asking Jesus? Why were they asking Jesus, "You're not even 50 yet and you've seen Abraham." He didn't quite say that verbatim. He said, "Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day." And he saw it, right? And it and he and was glad. But he I think he's starting to perceive that there was a vision going on. He's saying, "Oh, you seen him." And then it says, "Jesus said unto them, verily, verily, I say unto you, before Abraham, I am." Amen. And we know that's a powerful I am. And we know that. We we love that. And to me that's basically it it just shuts up all the unbelief. Amen. Right. When when he uh under the inspiration is able to say I am. I believe it does the same for the believers. And this is where we had spoken about the blind man from birth where where he said uh some said it this is he. Others said he's like him but he said I am. Amen. So I think what matters most and take away from that is is what you say of yourself. you know, regarding the things of the law, not what the naysayers have to say or not what the unbelievers have to say or the world or the devils. Amen. Or this world system. It's just only one person needs to know who I am is in you. That's right. Right. So in John nine, we have here where he said answered and said, "Who is he, Lord, that I may believe on him?" This is the blind man, by the way. Right? And he said unto him, "Thou because they actually told him," do you know who he who he is so we can go take us to him?" And he says, "I don't I don't know." Remember, he was blind when he told him, "Go wash." So then he encounters Jesus again here. And Jesus said unto him, "Thou hast both seen him, and it is he that talkth with thee. I am I am." Amen. I am the the one that healed you basically, right? From from the from the blindness. So John 13. Now I tell you before it come that when it come to pass you believe that I am he. Amen. So I think Jesus really was all about identification of who's the disciples were who he was who his father was who we will be who the bride will be who his children will be who um the the unbeliever is. And I just think it's beautiful to uh to bring it together here in and and in this walk here and and and to remember who I am is in you. all your testimonies, all the things that he has done for you. And if you ever run out of I ams, you can always take anything he said about you and say, "I am that one. I am the healed one. I am." And we'll see examples of some people did that and actually said it, you know, even the when brother Brandham um his plane was grounded. He says, "I am a type of that, you know, shootite woman." So she he actually it says, "Where's my Elijah?" Right? So it's just some beautiful things, right? Uh I think when we start pondering upon these things in John 14, believe me that I am in the father and the father in me or else believe me for the very work's sake. Uh so I want to also visit this one because this is about Jesus and I think um it's also very powerful here. Jesus therefore knowing all things that uh should come upon him went forth and said unto them whom seek ye and remember this is when they were going to go uh bring Jesus to take him to the cross then answer him Jesus of Nazareth that that's who they were looking for right so what did Jesus do right Jesus said unto them I am he amen I love that because when he said I am he it's the most powerful demonstration here when uh and it says and Judas also which betrayed him stood with them. But this is what I like about the I am there. As soon as as soon then as he had said unto them I am he, they went backwards and fell to the ground. So I just want to ask you know why did that happen? You know why? Why was that I am such a personal testimony? Because they they asked the question and they said Jesus of Nazareth. I I think if anybody else would have spoken, oh, he's right here. It would have not had the same effect, right? I think that we got to remember that when we say I am healed or I am God's son or I am whatever is against you that God promised you that will be defeat the word that will fee the devil any place any time under any circumstance. I think it does this. I think it has that effect when it is deity speaking in human flesh. Right. Amen. So, praise the Lord. And um in Revelations here and then we'll soon go to some of the message quotes uh where we find this. I am alpha and omega. We know that was said in the Old Testament of of Jehovah the old. The beginning and the ending said the Lord which is and which was and which is to come, the Almighty. Amen. And then in 111 he's saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last. And what thou seeest write in a book and send it out to the seven churches, praise the Lord, which are in Asia, unto Ephesus, and unto Smyrna, and unto Spamos, and unto Thya, Sardis in Philadelphia, and onto Lai. Praise the Lord. And um last scripture I have here is I Jesus have sent my angel. So that this is revelation. He he said he was Jesus. That's right. Because I know that you know alpha, omega, all is powerful, the almighty. Right. I am Jesus. I Jesus have sent my angel to testify unto these things to you to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am the rude and the offspring of David and the bright and morning star. Amen. Well, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Yeah. I just want to encourage you with the scriptures and u we'll we'll share some of the instances in where in the message that God sent to us this age through the prophet William Brandom. Amen. Um, I like to speak a little bit about that blind girl. Amen. And I looked, this isn't believe ye that I am able to do this. I noticed that. So, and then it says, "And I looked, my heart was just a breaking. I said, look, lady, perhaps I'm the one you want to see." and friends. I never forget those hands grabbed me by the lapel and like that and she said, "Is you the healer?" I said, "No, I am brother Brandham." I said, "Jesus is the healer." Amen. I think that's just a good balance right there where it just it just who else could have done that right right there other than the person who was who was being sought after who who was at that time who this young lady wanted to go contact through whom Jesus was going to work through whom the great I am was going to work I just think it's a beautiful story is is how when brother Brandham said you know I am I think what can the devil do at that point right she's the one that came with the faith and and she's blind and found him. Yeah. Right. Amen. I mean, is that's not God. Right. It It's beautiful. Amen. Sister Hetty, right? You know, it's one that came to my mind. I believe that when she said that's nothing but the truth. Amen. I I believe she had an experience before that. Amen. Cuz why why would you just say that's nothing but the truth? Amen. Had she experienced God's power and creation? Cuz brother Bandham said that there's much said about this that there was a super super anointing. Yes. That came upon her. Amen. and even said that was the first time it's been done on a human for whatever reason. I I just think it's beautiful. I know more than said that until sister had sitting there crying. So this wasn't just like uh might be true if you say so. She knew that what brother Brandon was saying was nothing but the truth. She believed it. I think the I am had revealed that to her before that. Yeah, ma'am. Before I saw you, we you were when you were under the fig tree. Yeah. before God met with Sister Hadtie. And this was just her opportunity to say, "I believe it. Amen. I am." That was the I am. I believe that the I am created those girls. Amen. That was her her testimony of her saying that. I want to throw a little bit upon this one because um the Shinomite woman in type I called it here to to remember myself. And I and I turned around. This is when God grounded that airplane, right? So I turned around and said, "How do you know I was a person?" remember a question? And she said, "Parson, did you ever read in the Bible about that Shounomite woman that had a baby by promise?" I said, "Yes, auntie, I read that many a time. I preached on it not long ago." She said, "I's that kind of woman, too." That's right. If just to interpret that, that means I am. I that kind of woman, too. I told the Lord if he gave me a child I'd raise him for him or I raised it for him said parson the Lord give me a boy and I raised him till he was in his teens said I took he took a road that was wrong got out with some bad company said he's lying here dying now he's caught a bad disease and the doctors can't do nothing for him. Said they gave him all kinds of shots, but said he's a backslider and said he's lying in here dying. Said he'd been unconscious since day before yesterday and said he don't know nothing. He thinks it's out he's out in the deep sea somewhere cold. And he said, "Par said, "It just breaks my heart to see my boy die like that." I said, "I want him saved." And I said, and said, I prayed all night and I said, Lord, you give me that baby. But where's the Elijah? Amen. You got to see how many I ams are in this picture. Amen. She said, "Now, Lord, you help me. don't let me don't let me my baby die like this and said and the Lord told me this morning I said I kind of fell asleep and there in the chair and I dreamed that I was to come out here and stand in this gate and I'd see a man coming dressed like you is oh my you know how that makes you feel in other the this woman was telling him who brotherham was, right? He didn't care about, "Oh, you never heard about me." Yeah. It's funny because brother Bandom usually would not even he kind of shy away from, you know, saying who he was and all that. He were not interested on that. He started I know who you are. He was dressed like like you is. I love that. Now, I want to I want to testify here a little bit of something is so we've heard about we've heard about uh God grounding an airplane, right? to to meet the need of a sister and of his son. But have you heard in the message where God stopped the train? Look at this same message expectation and then it goes on to say a few months after that story hadn't ended I was passing through on a train and I stopped in to get something to eat. I heard somebody holler, "Parson Brandom." He was pulling one of these little old carts around like that down there at the station working. He run and grabbed a hold of my hand, said, "You remember me?" I said, "No, I don't." He said, "I was the boy." Amen. You come that morning that the Lord let you down there when Mammy was praying says Parson Brandom eyes perfectly whole now. Amen. And I's a Christian now. Amen. Now, in case you didn't catch it, I would like to point out four I ams in here. He said who he was, right? Notice I say I was that boy. Because he's he's a different creation now, right? So he said I was that boy. There was that boy. who recognizes who he was, who he is. And then it says that morning when the Lord, the I am led you down there, when Mammy, her mom, she who knew who she was, and she knew who Elijah was unto him and who his boy was. And she testified it. She said, "I asked the Lord." She was just like that should my woman. I I I needed a boy of promise. I asked that boy. She gave it onto me. And now now here we are. And then here it says Mamuel was there. And then it says was praying. It says Parson Brandom. There's brother Bham who who was there who was the I am that was who the Lord worked through and he says I perfectly whole now. In other words, he says I am. Amen. I am healed. I'm perfectly whole. I'm a believer. I'm a Christian now. I think I think that's a beautiful beautiful response. Amen. To faith and and and to testimony. And I just love how it ties. You know, I didn't think about that before is how God stopped a train. We always hear how God stopped uh the airplane and he grounded the airplane, right? So, I just think that that's just a beautiful uh follow through to that miraculous healing, right? When that little boy was was healed in identification. Uh I I I couldn't leave this one out with the little boy in the mirror. That was another I think revelation the little boy had of who he was. And of course, that testifies of us, right? And identification, we know the story, right? A visiting grandmother. He didn't have exposure to mirrors before. And then he started, I'll skip down to the last verses. And he started to the to the little boy, excuse me, one more. And he had been closed the door since they come in. But it and in the mirror on the on his side and he saw a little boy and he started to the little boy, you know, to make friends with him and he began to look into this glass. He's got up close. I think that's what we got to do sometimes. Right. Right. Amen. Yes. Is that me? Get that right reflection on that light there. Through the message, through the lens of the message, the light shining on this day in our Bibles. And he began to to look into this this glass and he got up close and he turned around and said, "Why, mama? That's me." I think that's just a beautiful example of when we come to that realization of this message is speaking to us. You know, I want to say something to the to the brethren or people who who um who've uh gone astray or had questions about this message or are denying Christ's message to this age. You can't tell me that. No, sir. I am he. I am who this message came to. I am the bride of Christ. I'm a portion of God's son in this earth. I believe Christ's works on this page. I believe what God spoke through his prophet Malachi 4. Amen. And I believe it is true. I am he. Get thee behind me, Satan. Amen. Intelligence. Show us the father. And I said, you think on this on that while I go squirrel hunting, right? And we know the story when brother Brandham came to the infidel, right? And then um and it I'll I'll read it here. And I said, "You think on that a while?" I go scroll hunting. And then when I come back, if you will tell me what intelligence, he asked a question, "What intelligence makes the apple tree hide in the winter?" It says, "I'll go squirrel hunting. If you tell me what intelligence tells that sap in that tree, that life, go down in the roots and hide till spring, then come back up again." When you find out what intelligence works that life up down up and down through that tree at the seasons I in other words I am would tell you what intelligence told me y that that woman was going to be healed said told you told you I said yes sir I said he said you're not that preacher I said I am brother amen right that's it it's simple guys right And he said, "Can you prove it?" I said, "Sure." I said, "I guess I don't look like it." He was the man I was asking, right? I like how he responded, "The infidel." He said, "No, I admire that." He said, "You look human." Praise the Lord. I said, "Well," I said, "Well," I said to that, "Well," I said, "All right, sir." And he said, "Are you that minister?" I just think that's beautiful. Is is who can argue with him? I mean, here is an infidel, one of the strongest infidel, right, that that come across. And he said, "Uh, there's only one thing I like to know out of all in the world and out of all the people in the world, asking the right question to the right person at the right time. That'll bring out the I am." True, brother. Amen. Get in this world. Find out who you are and and just say it. Yeah, you say it. I think it's beautiful that uh I just think that that I think at that point is just it's just if there's anything of God inside you, it is impossible to unbelieve anymore. Right. Right. When I tell you too, I am he who God saved who God sanctify is in the process of doing that. who filled me with this Holy Ghost and his fire and who has given me this message and he who is he who's raptured my soul will rapture this flesh too give me a new body praise the Lord I said yes sir and he had asked are you that minister the same God that can speak to a tree can speak to a man and there I led the old fellow to Christ intelligence now this is going back to the subtitle source we would see Jesus Then asked this question, what intelligence runs that sap out of the tree down into the roots to hide in the for the winter? Oh, that infidel has no grounds. Right. Amen. Come to Christ. Amen. I'd like to um this is one of the last notes I have here about the ranch bride. I call it the ranch bride for lack of better words. But this is when the sons, the boss sons of the armor company in Chicago went out to go look for a a a wife, a bride, right? And there's much to be said about that, but I just want to capture how she believed that she believed who she was, right? And she manifested it. She don't care about the people score laughing and making jokes. I mean it don't really hurt her when she's got the real faith, right? So she said, "But he promised me." Amen. I was there when it happened, right? So I guess I don't know. Amen. Said he promised. He has promised. Said, "I believe his word." Amen. Right. I am. Yeah. When you respond I am to life's question, there is a power, a truth, and a life that follows such response. All right, brother. Amen. And I would like to just uh encourage you here with a few scriptures. And um if you ever want to encourage yourself, these are some of some of the things you can that you already know, but you can just speak them out, believe them, pray them, praise them, make songs about them. Amen. I am created in God's image. Right? That would defeat the devil any place under any circumstance when you're asking about the way you look or things like that. I am fearfully and wonderfully made. I am a child of God. I am loved unconditionally. I am chosen. Yes, I'm a new creation. All Bible words. Yep. He already defeated devil with these. Do the same. It would do the same today again. I am a new creation. I am God's masterpiece. I am a temple of the Holy Spirit. Amen. Amen. I am. It's just what what he made me to be. Amen. It's not a question, right? It's the truth. Amen. He made you to be a temple of the Holy Spirit. I am forgiven. I am redeemed. Amen. I am justified. I am sanctified. I am not just a conqueror. I'm more Amen. than a conqueror. I am a co-air with Christ. I am the salt of the earth. I am the light of the world. I am a citizen of heaven. I am seated in Christ in heavenly places. I am free of from condemnation. I know what I was like. I know what it's like to be condemned. So, I also recognize his liberation and his freedom. Amen. I can say that with a lot of thanksgiving. Yes. You know, I'm free. Yes. I'm thankful to be free. I am a friend of God. I am God's workmanship. I am God's ambassador. I am God's husbandry. It means a field and building. Right? I am a royal priesthood. I am part of God's family. Amen. That's a good I am strong in the Lord. Amen. I'm weak, but I'm strong in the Lord. Amen. I am an overcomer by the blood of the lamb. I am bold in Christ. I am blessed with every spiritual blessings. I am holy, a blameless, blameless before God. I am sealed with that Holy Spirit of promise. I am complete in Christ. I am called to be there to bear fruit. Amen. I am free in Christ. I am hidden in with Christ in God. Amen. I am hidden with Christ in God. That's Galatians 3:3. I am a member of the body of Christ. I am a living stone in God's spiritual house. I am risen with Christ. I am God's possession. I am victorious through faith. I am alive unto God. Amen. Amen. I think I believe every one of these. I know you do as well. So, I think we have wonderful promises. We have Jesus himself who said, "I am the bread of life. I am the truth. I am the way. I am the life. I am the door, the gate. I am the good shepherd. And I am divine in many different places that Jesus said who he was where we said where we were at where brother Random said who he was and revealed and and where we are going to say I am and caused the greater works. Amen. I just want to encourage you that when we read our Bibles, keep on collecting the many places where where it says about who you are and just keep on believing him, right? Keep on um keeping on keep on uh keep on the fight. Keep on being encouraged. You know, may every word that proceedes out of the mouth of God, right? It just caused you to um to grow, to change and to be delivered and to be healed and set free. So that's what I have for this morning as if this evening is that I am that I am is is in us. I am Amen. was in the message that he sent for us. It's there too. He says I sent you Elijah. Amen. So you am the recipient of that. That's right. Amen. It's uh it's beautiful guys. We're really thankful to be a part of his chosen bride and be a child of God this evening. Amen. So with that, let's stand to our feet and pray. Oh God, you're so merciful and you are so true and you are who you say you are. You are uh wonderful, Lord. Uh you're the only one that we can come and run to when all else fails. We we thank you so much for giving us such a spiritual truth in this hour in this age. We're asking that you will continue to build up uh this portion of your bride, Father, and the bride around the world. We thank you so much. We ask all who are thirst. We say come drink from the fountains of water of life freely. God, you're given so much in so many places. Your your words are rich and they do accomplish what you send them out to do. We pray for those who are yet to come in, Father, to your fold that you will encourage them along in their walk. We pray for those who are by your grace saved and have been sealed with your holy ghost of promise that you will continue to do, Father, in their life and continue to encourage them and continue to sustain them, Father, and give them your faith when our faith runs out. I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, brothers. Praise the Lord. God bless you, brother. Praise the Lord. Thank you. Amen. Amen. Just give me one more. [Applause] He's going to take a rapture. Thank you. I hope you got that. Who's going to take a body chain? I am. Okay. And through him, he's going to do it through you. So, I am that I am. That's what uh that's what I see about that scripture. He's saying I am that I am. I'm talking to you about that's who I am. I am that I am that I am. And it's very personal. cuz there's no there's no it just takes a revelation to know who I am is cuz you it's it comes with a name. It comes with a many many titles but it's one man Jesus Christ. He stood there Moses stood there in front of Pharaoh and Mo and Pharaoh looked around and said, "I don't see no army, man. I got millions. Uh, I got all kind of military might here and and uh you're standing there with your your brother and your brother can't even talk. I mean, you can't even talk. Your brother's having to talk for you. Who's going who's going to deliver your people? Moses looked at him, I believe, and he said, "I am cuz the I am told him he was the one who was going to do it." So, Moses said personally, "I am." And who took him out? We know God did, but through who? Moses. through the I am. Moses said, "I'm going to take him out of here." So, let's sing a song. God bless you. Good job, brother. And I lift my voice to [Music] worship you, oh my soul. Rejoice, take joy, my king in what you hear. I believe the Lord was pleased with what was said tonight. So, let's just receive from that. Receive the benefits. The channel's been open. Declare who you are. I am the bride of Jesus Christ. I am healed. How positive. And I live my Thank you, Lord. You worship you, oh my soul. My soul rejoice. Thank you, Lord. Enjoy my king in what you hear. May it be a sweet, sweet sound in your Let's sing it one more time. Sing it from your heart. There's nothing else we love. I love you, Lord. And I live my [Music] voice to worship you. Thank you Lord. Oh my soul rejoice. Take joy my king and your king. in what you [Music] hear. And may it be a sweet, sweet sound in your Amen. Just hear him whisper to you, I am that I am. I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. I'll be with you in the dark times. I'll be with you in the light times. He's always the light. Amen. God bless you. Thank you for uh uh coming tonight. We sure appreciate our brother. Good job. We really appreciate that. And uh we look forward to uh to more parts of that. More of the I am. You can't exhaust the I am. That's right. You want to exhaust something that's eternal. No, you can't do that. But God bless you. Sunday we have Mother's Day coming up. and um bring your mothers or go visit your mother afterwards. Actually, we're having communion and footwashing, but um we have something from the church for all the the sisters here. And uh just keep Sister June in your prayer because um Amy's in that late stage of dementia and we've seen that um experienced it with with dad and um it's not pretty. And she's pretty much she didn't have she doesn't have a whole lot of support. She's got a brother that lives in in um Charleston, South Carolina. Daddy lives in South Carolina and he's 92. and and uh she's just pretty much doing a lot of it by herself. And uh soon as we got home off of the plane uh Monday from Jamaica, she turned around, packed another bag, and went straight down there. So, she's coming back tomorrow, though. But just pray that she will be strong. And um I just pray as Sister Janine was asking about um Andy there, I want you to remember Amy. I just I just pray the Lord's wake her up just for two minutes. Let her come to herself for just a couple of minutes so she can realize what position she's in and what's going to happen if God don't touch her life. And if God doesn't touch her life, I want him to touch her soul. All she's got to do is say, "God, I'm sorry for everything I did." What a mighty God. Amen. We don't have to do penance. We don't have to do say Hail Marys. We don't have to say 45 verses and know even know who brother Brandon was. Hello somebody. Exactly. She just needs to know Jesus Christ. Right. And I just pray the Lord to give her that amount of time to say, "God, I'm sorry for what I did." And if God takes her own, that's fine with me. We all want our brothers and sisters there, right? We want our kids there. We want everybody there. We want everybody. And all they've got to do is say, "I'm sorry." So just remember them. And uh June will be back like I said tomorrow and then we'll have this weekend coming up and uh just rejoice in the Lord. We love all of you. We thank you so much for praying while we were gone. Uh if you want to watch I know some of you already watched the sermon on the um Spoken Word Apostolic Tabernacle website or the Facebook page. But if you go to Keith Reed's Facebook page, you will see the u uh the party they gave him for for the 30 years. And um and you'll you'll hear something you'll never you've never heard before. You know how we sing that um we sing that song that um about God and what he's done for us and they play it about four times faster. It's a it's it's almost it's almost really really fast. the goodness of God. Mhm. Yeah. Listen to it and see if you can tell me what you don't even know what the song is, but man, after you do it, it's just so beautiful. It's so pretty. But it's it's in Jamaica time. It's not It's not It's not It's not in southern time. It's in Jamaica time. So, but they had a real good time. They said to tell y'all thank you and love you. Brother Keith has always always everywhere he goes, he has told that group of any group of people that he knew brother Dale and he listened in and he was a part of our church family being at 600 700 miles away. So he's never denied that. He's always said that he got fed through this ministry and then now he's took that ministry and he has one of his own and a real good one. And he's very revered all over the uh um even in Africa now. He's going to Ghana and different places and and Kenya and he is uh wants me to go to Kenya with him next year. So we'll be praying about it. You want to go? Oh yeah. Anderson. Oh yeah. But just keep us just keep that in prayer for brother Keith and keep us in prayer. He's uh uh you know he met several brothers over there in in uh in Kenya and he was preaching and when he got done they came to him and said you know Samuel Dale. He said yeah. He said he said you preach just like him. They've had the tapes for ever how many years they've been watching and listening to dad way back when. I don't know how they got them but they told him said you sound like Sam Dale. We think we're just preaching to 20 or 30 or 50 or 100, but the world. His voice goes around the world. Amen. And it's never going to stop. But we praise God for that. That's not bragging. That's just telling you the word of the Lord's going places that we don't even know it's going. And then when it's then when it's an opportunity for someone else to preach it and to realize that that that ministry is continuing on, even over in Kenya, different places like that. We sure do. Praise the Lord for that. So, let's bow our heads and be dismissed. Dear heavenly father, thank you. Our brother poured his heart out, Father. And I pray that you'll just be with him. Comfort him, Lord, that that there's many things that was said, Father, that went deep into our heart that to be confident and to know who that I am is know where you are and what you're doing. Father, thank you so much for for an opportunity to be in this great message of the hour. As our brother said, there's nothing else like it. You can't talk me out of this, Satan. No way. There's no one on this earth talked you out of that. If you're born again by the Holy Spirit of God, you'll never be talked out of believing this message cuz it's you, Lord. It's you in bride form now. And you through a prophet said she is him. So, we are the part of the I am we're to play in the end time. Father, give us strength. Be with each one, Lord, that's had prayer request and touch each one, Father, as we come back together Sunday and honor our mothers. Father, I pray that you'd be with each one, Lord. Keep each one strong, healthy, be with Brother Bob as he's traveling and also Brother Aaron will be gone to Ohio, Lord, preaching for them. Father, I pray that you'd be with them. Thank you for giving them time to get out, Lord, and and go spread the gospel. I pray that you'd give us all traveling mercies home tonight till we come back together Sunday. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed.
