################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - 25-0525am - Preparing the ground for the Seed - Aaron Roberts - Aaron Roberts - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-25
Title:   25-0525am - Preparing the ground for the Seed - Aaron Roberts
Speaker: Aaron Roberts
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJ_lYFthkM8
========================================

for this morning. Good to see everybody. Good to have my mom and my sister Nicole with us this morning. Good to see each one. So, uh let's just speak to the author before we get started this morning. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this time, Lord, that we're able to gather in your house, Lord. We thank you for be able to gather with our brothers and sisters like precious faith this morning, Lord Jesus. We just pray that you bless us this morning as we look into your word this morning, this little study. We just pray that you give us the words to be said. Lord, just anoint us this morning. Bless our brother Bob as he comes to bring the word to us today. And Lord, bless each part of this service. Lord, bless the ones that couldn't be here this morning. Be with them. Touch those that are sick and need a touch from you. We ask all these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. This morning we'll start with Matthew chapter 13. Begin at verse three. And it says, "And he spake many things unto them in parables, saying, Behold, a sewer went forth to sew. And when he had sowed, some seeds fell by the wayside, and the fowls came and devoured them up. Some fell upon stony places where they had not much earth wherewith they sprang up because they had no deepness of earth. And when the sun was up, they were scorched, and because they had had no root, they withered away. And some fell among thorns, and the thorns sprung up and choked them. But other fell into good ground and brought forth fruit, some 100fold, some 60fold, and some 30fold. Who hath ears to hear, let him hear. This morning I want to talk about having good ground for the seed or the word to fall into. You know, when you when you look at this, and there's many different scriptures I want to look at this morning, but um one of the first ones that I thought about when you look at this, I was thinking about where Jesus there in in Luke 9 where there was a a man that came to Jesus and the scripture tells us that he came and he said, "Lord, I'll follow thee wherever you wherever you goest." And Jesus told him, he said, "Foxes have holes. Birds have have nests, have birds of the air have nests." But he said, "The Son of man hath no place to lay his head." And he said unto another, "Follow me." But he said, "Lord, suffer me first to go and bury my father." Jesus said unto him, "Let the dead bury the dead, but go thou and preach the kingdom of God." But another one also said,"Lord, I will follow thee, but let me first go bid them farewell, which are at my home, at my house." And Jesus said unto him, "No man having put his hand to the plow, looking back is fit for the kingdom of God." Amen. And you know when you when you look at preparing the ground and and doing the work of the kingdom of God, you know, the first thing that naturally we have to do is, you know, you got to you got to break the ground. You got to plow the ground this time of of year. I guess most people have already started planting and getting all that, but you know, the first thing you got to do is you got to get in there and break the ground up. It's hard. It's difficult. And that's a lot of work that you got to break it up. And you got to turn that turn that disc and break all that ground up, get it all turned over. But, you know, after you get that thing broke, that's not the end of it. You know, the next thing you know, you come through with a harrow and, you know, you start breaking all the larger clumps up. You're just trying to break it down into a fine, better soil where it's easier, not all those big clumps, but you want it broke down where it's actually able to plant something where it actually receives the water, it receives nutrients, the fertilizer, all those type things. So you want it to be at a place where it'll actually able to put seed in the ground because you know brother Brown talks about the story there in in Finland. you know, those people that, you know, because the storm and uh the weather getting close to snow time, you know, the winter, you know, he said they were just out there just trying to put plant that seed in the ground. And, you know, they were out there and they were just scraping the ground just a little bit, trying to put seed in the ground, just trying because, you know, they were in desperate need. And, you know, he said they were out there, the children were out there with lanterns going before their parents. They're just out there trying to scrape the ground, trying to get seed in the ground. you know, because they saw that the need was to get the seed planted and and they didn't have the time. But, you know, while we have time, it it's it's it behooves us to take the time to plant to get everything properly set for the word of God. And, you know, he said, you know, you you tear tear all that up. You break up the ground. You get it all ready for the for the planting. But you know, brother Bram says, you know, as the scripture says here, you know, Jesus telling him, he said, you know, if you put your hand to the plow, he said, don't look back. That's right. Don't look back. He said, you you don't have um if you're if you look back, he said, you're not worthy of of the work. You're not worthy of the kingdom. And you know, Brother Brown talks about many times, you know, talking about just staying focused. One time he said, you know, we got to keep our hearts and our minds single. We got to keep straight on what we're doing. And you know, when you when you look at that, if anybody's ever tried to plow, and the only thing I've ever I've run a tiller, I ain't never really tried to plow. I've seen people I've seen people work with a mule and and plow the ground. And I tell you what, I just watched them and and that that's that's difficult just to watch. I mean, that's that's work, right? I mean, you know, make you want to sweat just watching them, right? I mean, that's that's work. And you know, u you know, like some people say, I like work. I can sit and watch it all day. Well, that's not the kind of work I want to sit and watch all day. That that's that's that's work. And you know, Brother Brown talking about, you know, having the strap and plowing in the field. And he said that strap would cut into your neck and you know, out there in the hot sun, you're busting all that up, but you know, you know, you've got to get in there and do that work. And he said it's got to be thoroughly prepared. And they said, you know, the one thing is is if you're out plowing, you got to keep your eye on what you're doing. You can't be off and because, you know, if you're looking back and paying attention to other things, you know, you're not plowing the ground because you're all over the map. You know, you're not in the field, you're going this way and that way, and then you got to go back and try to start over and because, but if you're keeping your eye on what you're doing, then the ground gets thoroughly busted. It gets thoroughly turned over and you see how it goes. And you know, Brother Ram said one time, he said, you know, said, "Circumcise the heart of the people." And he said, "Let it fall on good fertile grounds on penitent hearts." Amen. And so when we see how we in the in the natural how you have to bust the ground up and get it all prepared. Well, it's the same way in the spiritual that you have to get these things ready to go and you know prepare ourselves and you know there there's you know we do many things that brother Brown talked about but uh you know he said keep your eye on the task at hand. and said, "And and looking unto Jesus, the author and the finish of our faith, looking to the future." Amen. And so we we look to the future to see the things that has to be done now because we don't know as we see the the time and hour that we live in today. We don't know how much longer we have, but now's the time that if if we start to see these things because as I was speaking to somebody the other day, you know, we we've held on to these things for so long and people's like, well, you know, as as just like Peter was talking about, you know, things have continued on as they were and you know, people where's where's the sign of his coming and all these type things. Hey, we're seeing the signs of his coming every day. We we're starting to see these things. But, you know, just because you see the things taking place that Brother Brandham spoke about. You know, that doesn't make us right. Doesn't because you know what it takes it it's something just because you see the signs of the time and the things that are happening. You know, that's not going to put you in the rapture. That's not going to give you the new birth. It's something that takes place. You've got to have your own individual experience with God to get to the place where you've got to get the things that you see that's not right in your life to get those things out. And you've got to you've got to because you know we we like to think sometimes that um we're okay. We think everything's going to be okay. We're okay. But you know sometimes when things happen, it begins to show things in our lives. the things that we've got to get taken care of because we realize, you know, as the word goes forth sometimes it shows, you know, we're not where we think we are or what where we need to be. But you know, reading here in the scripture, I was reading this commentary and and it says reading reading the scripture here and and this passage on Jesus plowing the field and he said, you know, if you put your hand to the plow and look back said, you're not worthy of the kingdom. And he says the passage emphasizes the need of unwavering commitment and focus when following Jesus and serving in his kingdom as looking back at past commitments or concerns can hinder progress. Because you know if we keep looking back and you know that's one thing that even the apostle Paul talked about. He said not looking back we're not looking back at things. He said I'm pressing toward the mark of the high calling. I said I'm pressing toward the prize. See I'm looking toward what's in front of me. not looking back at the things because if you see the things because we we get wrapped up in things that have happened in the past or we worry about things here or there if we're not focused on what God has and one of the things that brother Brown was talking about about sewing seed and you know he's like you know our our job is to seow seed he said but God it's God's job to do the rest of it you know so we just sew the seed but you know if you see this when you see the the seed going forward we have to prepare ourselves for this and you know later in in Matthew chapter 13 he Jesus is telling when he when the disciples ask him about the story about the ser and he tells him he says you know that the sto the swer he says you know he said therefore the parable of the swer here therefore the parable of swer he said when anyone heareth the word of the kingdom and understandeth it not then cometh the wicked woman and catch away catch away that which was sown in his heart. This is he which receives seed by the wayside. And when that received when he that received the seed in the stony places, the same as he that heareth the word, and a non with joy receiveth it, yet hath not he not any root in himself, but dareth for a while. For when tribulation or persecution arises because of the word, by and by he is offended. He also that receiveth seed among the thorns is he that heareth the word and the care of this world. And the deceitfulness of riches choke the word, and he becometh unfruitful. But he that receiveth seed into the good ground is he that heareth the word and understandeth it, which also beareth fruit and bringeth forth, some hundfold, some 60, and some 30. And so you you see that as the word goes forth, there are some that hear the word but it doesn't fall in the right ground because you know they hear the word and they rejoice in the word but because of the things that come in and like many times he said you know because they don't understand it. Well, sometimes the problem is is you know my experience is I've held on to held on to things that the prophet said, things I've read in the scripture I didn't understand for a long time. Amen. But you know I didn't but you know I realized that one day I just I just put it in the hands of God and realize you know one day God will reveal it to me. Amen. And you know many times people you know if they don't understand it they try to figure it out on their own. And the problem is is see then that's the way that Satan can get into things because people are not relying on God and say just like you know I appreciate brother Brown standing up when people ask him questions and the first thing out of his mouth is I don't know appreciate the you know and then brother Dale used to say you I I told him I I still tell the story about the first time I talked to brother Dale and asked him a question and he told me he said I don't know I said well that's a red letter day on the calendar we need to write that down somebody asked asked brother Dale a question and and he said I don't know. It's like really because you know everybody thought well brother Dell had all the answers. Well, you know, he didn't have all the answers, but we do have one that has all the answers. And you know, in time, he does. But you know, the thing is realize I know what God has revealed to me, but I don't know these things. But you know what? We held on because the Bible says, the scripture tells us, the prophet told us that a real true eagle will understand. In time, God will reveal his word to us because that is that is what he has called us to do is receive this word and you just hold on. But the problem is it's like I don't know. But you know what? I'm holding on because I know what the prophet said. I know what the scriptures say. And just because I don't understand it don't mean I don't believe it. And you know what? I can trust trust in God. And if it takes if it takes two weeks, if it takes two years, if it takes 20 years, I don't care because I put my confidence in God. And I'm just waiting on him to reveal it to me because it'll come one of these days and I don't have to worry about it. And you know, if the Satan will try to attack you in that, but you know what? I got I got my confidence in the word of God because you know what? He's brought me this far and I've seen the things that God has revealed to me from the word and and and that I've seen that I've held on to and you because you sit there and I've heard things preached and it didn't make any sense to me. And I told the Lord, I said, "Lord, if this is the truth, you're going to have to reveal it to me because it don't make any sense." And then you know what? you just hold on and praise God when God begins to open the word to you and show you these things and show you what the truth is that you know what you don't have to because you know I can drive a stake down right there and you know what I will stand on that forever because I know what God done for me one time and you know what if he's done it once in my life then he will always do the same thing because if I still meet the same condition I did that first time he will continue to do that because you know what he desires for you to understand the word for you to have a revelation of the word that's the desire of his heart and he wants to give you more revelation more than you want it for yourself. And when when you stop to think about that that God wants to give you it more, he wants to give you the new birth more than you want it for yourself. He wants he wants to heal you more than you want to be healed yourself. When you when you start to think about that just in our in our finite minds that God wants to give this because all of the pleasure all the blessings of the scripture of the word of God belong to you and he's given it to you and all you have to do is claim it and accept it. Right. And it I mean it it's it's so amazing because you know sometimes we we as as brother Brown said you know sight and time is our is our biggest enemies is God's biggest enemy because you know we have to deal in sight and time but we realize you know in in the mind of God it's already done. Amen. Right. Like brother Bram said you know if he was standing here this morning and you come up here to get healed he couldn't he couldn't do more for you than what he's already done. That's right. That's right. It's a finished work at Calvary. Amen. So if whatever you have need of, he's here. Amen. All you've got to do is receive it. Right. And sometimes the problem is is, you know, as the word goes forth, do we have the proper heart? Do we do we have a heart to receive the word this morning? And you know, sometimes when we hear things that we don't like to hear because, you know, sometimes it it goes against our our human nature. It goes against our our feelings. you know, it it you know, but you know, is it the truth? Is it is it is it really the truth of God that that's we're being being taught? We're are we hearing? And it's like sometimes, you know, it's like, Lord, change my attitude because sometimes our attitudes are not right. And it's and because it's like, well, you know, they're just they're just picking on me or they just point fingers at me. No, sometimes it's the it's God's love to you that you hear these things and God's moving in your life to show you these things that you're not right where you where you need to be and and you know, it's like, "Well, Lord, I want to be changed." Yeah. And some sometimes it's hard to to hear those things. It's it's hard sometimes to receive correction. It's you know, it's it's not always fun, but you know, it's it's for our good. Amen. And verse 23 there in Matthew 13 says, "And he that he hearth seed, he that receiveth seed into good ground is he that heareth the word and understandeth it, which also beareth fruit and bringeth forth some 100fold and some 60 and some 30." So when you have to receive that word, but the first thing has to be done is you've got to put is the the field's got to be plowed. It's got to be it's got to be broke up. And you know when you when you're looking forward brother talking about in time-t tested memorials of God he was talking about plowing plowing the field putting your hand to the field the plowing and plowing said you not look back don't look back to the things and you know the first person that I think brother Ram talks about in in that story was Lot's wife looking back because her heart was in Sodom. Her heart was there with her children and all the things that she was leaving behind. But you know, God told him, said, "Listen, it's a message of deliverance to you to come out from underneath all of that, the death and destruction that lays there." And the word had went forth and sent the angels down there to tell Lot, it's time to go out. And and so when the when the word and they came and said, "Listen, now's the time to get out. You can't stay." And so now's the time. And I believe that's it's it behooves us to see the day and hour which we live. And that's exactly what we need to be doing. You know, we need to be redeeming the time because the days are evil to see the the hour in which we live and put our hands to the plow and and do the work that God has called us to do. But you know, have if you don't have a heart for that just like Lot, she Lot's wife, she's looking back. Well, you know what? She's always looking back. Brother Ram said there's a time-t tested memorial there, that statue, and said she's stand there looking over her shoulder. She's still a pillar of salt there even today showing that there's a testimony to that that you know because that's where her heart was. Her heart wasn't in the word that had been given to her because you know the rest you know Lot walked out of that place you know and and so thank God that that we have a message of deliverance. We have a message to to carry us out of here. You don't have to stay here because if you if you take this word and you know I you know people always talk about you know well Abraham never was in Sodom but Lot was and God sent a word. Well you know it doesn't matter where you start at if you receive the word you know it's it's not you know people you know people are ashamed because of where they end up. Well you know what Satan will get a hold of your life no matter where you're at and where God you know where but God can go where you are. Amen. and deliver you from whatever. Yes. And you know, there's a lots of people, you know, when you go to these uh youth camps and stuff. You know, that's one of the things that the devil likes to deal with young people on is, you know, that they're wrapped up in certain things. They're bound by certain things and it's like, well, they don't want they don't want to be, you know, they don't want to anybody to know. And it's a and it's like the devil shames them into this into this place where you know they don't want to come out from underneath that because they don't want anybody to know that I'm bound by this or I'm bound by that. But you know the greatest thing is is expose the devil or whatever he's trying to bind you with. Whatever you're bound by wherever you're at, whatever is binding you, then you need to go and expose the devil and not not let him have a a foothold on in on that. And then you go up there and whatever the whatever the issue is, you know, you see these kids, they're, you know, they're dealing with pornography or, you know, they're cutting themselves or what any number of things that they face. Well, you know what? God is there because when the word goes forth, the word is going forth to deliver you from that, right? you know, and and and so, you know, sometimes uh sometimes our biggest issue and you know, we think we think we're okay and and you know, sometimes we might get a little self-righteousness, you know, and uh maybe maybe the rest of you don't deal with that. Sometimes I do because the word comes forth and you know sometimes you realize you you know you think you're a little better than where you know than somebody else or whatever and you think you're a little further up the road than you are and then you realize you know I'm not where I ought to be and you know and you know sometimes the Lord sends the word and all of a sudden it comes to you and you you realize you know what I need to be more humble and you know but you know if the word goes forth then it it brings you to the place where you can come to that you know and brother Ram says see he He that puts his hand to the plow, even turns to look back, is not worthy of the plowing. That's true. He said, "What type of people should we be?" He that puts his hand to the plow and even, he said, "Don't turn back, but just but just turn to look back is not even worthy of plowing." Oh, we should keep our heart eyes and hearts single. He said, "No matter what other people do, what the church does, what the neighbor does, what anyone else does, keep your heart centered on Calvary. Don't ever stop to look back. We've got no time to look back. See, we got to get out there and get to the place where we need to be to get our hearts right with God so that when the word goes forth, it can find a place. See, brother, here in uh God's provided way, he's talking about getting getting the people ready. He said, "But I believe that what I believe that we have failed to get the thing that Jesus gave us to to the church to give to the people." Gave to us to give to the church to give to the people. And he said he said it's it's getting ready. He said, "We should know how to tell the people to prepare for this great event that's coming. If the coming of the Lord is so great, it's the most essential thing that we can do is to get the people prepared for it. Become because if he comes and we're not prepared, then we'll be left out. But he said we must prepare the way of the Lord with us, our message from him. Because there is a way, the scripture speaks of that seemth right unto a man. There is a way that seems all right, but the end thereof is the ways of death. Amen. And he says, "So what what if people are prepared in the wrong way? They're not prepared for the day and the hour in which we live." Because you know some people because the Satan wants to get you to a place where you're just in this leodysian spirit where you're just kind of rocked to sleep and you think everything's okay. But you know now's the time that if we can do anything is prepare our hearts and get ready. And Lord, when the word goes forth, we need we need to have a checkup today, a greater checkup than we've ever had in in any time of our life because today is the day of salvation. Today is the day that the word's going forth. And you know, you know, today is a day of checkup, but you know, tomorrow is going to be another day because we're going to be one day closer to the coming of the Lord. We're going to be one day closer. So, we need to be prepared today for what God has for us in store. but you know also tomorrow and not just wait till well I'm just coming to church on on Sundays or Wednesdays or I'm waiting on brother Wade to bring the word or anything like that if you're not preparing yourselves and if it's not something that you're doing an individual uh walk or having a Bible study for yourself or you're not praying you're not reading the scripture you're not getting it into yourself then you know what you're going to get left behind that's right because you know it's it's not that brother Brother Wade can get you in or I can get you in or Brother Bob can get you in. There's nobody can get you in. But it takes it takes God to do that. And you've got to have experience for yourself. But you've got to know what you've got to do to get yourself ready because you know if this morning if we don't come prayed up then how are we going to hear from heaven this morning? Because you know that's what brother Bram said you know he said if we're talking about sitting in heavenly places. Well, he said, you know, if you if I'm prayed up and you're prayed up, and you know, he said, then we can hear from heaven. Amen. But if we're not prepared for this morning, then the word can go forth and it can and it can speak to your neighbor. It can speak to your wife. It can speak to your husband. And you sit there and miss everything that God had for you this morning. And you won't receive anything this morning. And it's like, well, you know, that was the dest sermon I ever heard. Well, you know, it it might have been the dry sermon to you, but somebody else might have got their cup overflowing this morning, right? Amen. And so, are we are we have we prepared our hearts this morning to receive what God has for us this morning? I want you I want because that's what I I come this morning because you know, I realize I fall short. For all have sinned. You come short of the glory of the Lord. Exactly. But I'm here this morning. Amen. I want God to move this morning. Amen. Move on with me. Cuz I want to be the right kind of person. I don't want to be the same person. Because just like he said, you you leave this place better or worse, you came in this morning. And so if you if you're carrying a burden this morning, you're he said if you're sick, you know, he's by his stripes, you're healed. Amen. He said he already sent that word to you. This is from the his message called the the the church of the living God. He said he said now the seed you believe here who here here who are farmers every seed will produce if if it's in the right kind of ground and every promise every divine promise of God in the Bible produce if it's met in the right kind of heart it'll produce the promise he said if you need if you have a need of salvation believe that he saves you and accept his sacrificial death and you shall receive what you've asked For he said, "If you're weary and gloomy and feel like that everyone's against you," he said, "Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." He said, "That's a seed. Accept it." And if you're sick, he was wounded for our transgressions. With his stripes, we're healed. Accepted. It's a seed. It'll produce. Amen. So whatever you have need of, all you got to do is be here this morning and send Lord send the Holy Spirit prepare our hearts this morning for the word. Lord, get our our hearts right, our minds right this morning. So when the word goes forth then you know then brother Bob when he comes this morning to preach, you know, then he don't have to labor to preach this morning. The Holy Spirit will have freedom this morning to move and to speak to your heart. And you pull on the gift this morning. And then whatever you have need of, then he'll come and whether it's in his notes or not, that doesn't matter. It'll come forth and it'll speak to your heart. It'll deliver to you whatever you have need. It'll give you the answers. It'll give you revelation because you know what? We're here this morning to sit in heavenly places. And I that's what I'm here for this morning because I believe we've gathered. He said, "Whether two or three are gathered in my name, that's right." He said, "I'm there in the midst." Amen. And he's come to work this morning. He's come to minister and do what we've asked for him. Well, this morning is for us to be prepared this morning to receive what God has for us. Whatever you have need of, he's here this morning. I want I want to have my fields plowed. I want all the rocks and the brother talked about all the stink weed and everything else that's in the field. He get all that stuff racks, everything that. And I just want fertile ground this morning. I want I want it fertilized. I want prepared. I want to receive that good seed that goes forth this morning and have a good place where it lands where it'll go six 100 60 or 30fold. Amen. God bless you this morning. [Applause]
