################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-26 - 25-0420 - A Body Hast Thou Prepared Me - Wade Dale - Wade Dale - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-26
Title:   25-0420 - A Body Hast Thou Prepared Me - Wade Dale
Speaker: Wade Dale
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5H5TUjfte4s
========================================

Yes. Oh, the love that drew salvation's plan. Oh, the grace that brought it down to man. Oh, the mighty God that God did spend at [Music] Calary. Oh, mercy there was grace and grace was free. heart and narrows more of life to me. There my burdens of found liberty at Calary. Yes, mercy there was grace and grace was free and pardon that was multiplied to me. There my burdens all found liberty at Calary. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Never forget Calvary and what he done that day this morning 2,000 years ago was a empty tomb. We're going to sing that. The tomb now is empty. The stone's been rolled away. Amen. Let's all stand this time. The tomb now is empty. The stones been rolled away. And Christ is alive and my heart. And death which is conquered in me hath no part. For Christ is alive in my heart. heart. The tomb now is empty. The stones been rolled away. And Christ is alive in my heart. and death which is conquered in me hath no part. For Christ is alive in my [Music] heart. The tomb now is empty. The stones been rolled away. And Christ is alive in my [Music] heart. And death which is conquered in me hath no part. For Christ is alive in my heart. Good morning. We thank God for coming. We thank God for giving his only begotten son that whosoever believe in him should not perish but have everlasting life. So this morning let us surrender our eye all unto him. Amen. And walk forth. Amen. We're going to read this morning from Psalm 62:es 1-2. Amen. Let us pray. Heavenly Father, we are ever grateful and thankful for all that you have done for us. Lord, your willingness to give your only begotten son that we all may have eternal life. Lord, we ask you to bless our hearts. Father, let us be surrendered unto you for what we have need. Oh God, let us reach out to you. Lord, you promise you would give it to us. God, we thank you. Wherever we are, whatever we do, let us hold fast to you. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Psalm 62 verse 1-2. My soul wait upon God. From him cometh my salvation. is my rock and my salvation. He is my defense. I shall not be greatly moved. How long will ye imagine mischief against the man? Ye shall be slain all of you as a bro wall shall ye be and as a toing fence to cast him down from his excellency. They delight in they bless their mouths inwardly. My soul thou only upon my soul wait thou only upon God for my expectation is from him. He only is my rock and my salvation. He is my defense. I shall not be moved. In God is my salvation and my glory. the rock of my strength and my refuge is in God. Trust in him at all times to the people. Pour out your heart before him. God is a refuge for us. Surely men of low degree are vanity and men of high degree are a lie. To be laid in the balance, they are all together lighter than vanity. Trust not in oppression and become not vain in robbery. If riches increase, send not your heart on them. God has spoken once, twice have I heard this, that power belongth unto God. Also unto thee, oh God, belongth thy mercy, and thou render to every man according to his word. God bless you. Amen. This time we're going to worship the Lord and tithes and offerings. And Brother Kern, you mind helping us this morning? in our hearts to come into your house today to be seen Lord to commemorate a historical event Lord we come to the realization Lord Lord that we cannot do it without you. So we ask Lord Father that you meet the need of every individual here whatever it may be. If it may be a Lord a soldier on the cross that has been backing all these years Lord God and waiting for a reward. Those that are serving Lord now those that are dealing with demons Lord Father pray heavenly father that you'll bring something in your message this morning to help them Lord be overcomers. And we can't forget those Lord Father who are deciding Lord trying to figure out Lord what what is the next step. Pray heavenly father those that don't know you as a personal Lord and Savior Lord God that you will use this service this morning to make that clearer to them. So we pray for brother Wade in a special way. Bless him you use him. Get him out of the way Lord. And we pray heavenly father especially for those tithes and offerings those that could give those that cannot give. Pray Lord God that you'll bless it and be used for the fur of your ministry. We ask this in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. We've got a we got a few specials this morning. All right. This time we're going to have the the Bonnet family sing and whoever else and Sister Zoe has one and then Sister N. All right. Anybody else that wants to sing this morning? We got plenty of time. We're going to worship the Lord this morning and have a good time in the Lord. Amen. [Music] There is a candle in every soul. Some brightly burning, some dark and cold. There is a spirit who brings a [Music] fire, ignites a candle and makes his home. Carry your candle. Run to the darkness. Seek out the hopeless, confused and torn. Hold out your candle for all to see it. Take your candle. Go light your world. Take your candle. Go light your world. frustrated brother. See how he's tried to light his own candle some other way. See now your sister. She's been robbed and lied to still holds a candle without a flame. Carry your candle. Run to the darkness. Seek out the lonely, the tired and worn. Hold out your candle for all to see it. Take your candle. Go light your world. Take your candle. Go light your world. We are a family whose hearts are blazing. So let's raise our candles and light up the sky. Praying to our father. In the name of Jesus, make us a beacon in darkest times. Carry your candle. Run to the darkness. Seek out the helpless, deceived, and poor. Hold out your candle for all to see. Take your candle. Go light your world. Take your candle. Go light your world. Carry your candle unto the darkness. Seek out the helpless, diffused and torn. Hold out your candle for all to see it. Take your candle. Go light your world. Take your candle. Go light your world. Take your candle. Go light your world. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Brother Bram said, "Go tell if you don't have anything else to say, go tell them how your candle got lit." You know, if you've got your candle lit, it's easier to light somebody else's candle. God can use your light to light somebody else's candle. Amen. Pastor Zoe here. [Music] Who taught the sun to stand in the morning? Who taught the ocean? You can only come this far. And who showed the moon where to hide till evening? Whose words alone can catch a falling star. I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. All of creation testifies. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. The very same God that spins things in orbit. He runs to the weary, the worn, and the weak. And the same gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken, they conquer death to bring me victory. No, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. All of creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. He lives to take away my shame. And he lives forever. I proclaim that the payment of my sin was a precious life he gave and now he's alive and there's an empty grave. I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. All of creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. All of creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. All creation testifies to that. Thank the Lord. Amen. Amen. There's no one great amongst us. And we're nothing on our own. And we make mistakes and often slip, just come in flesh and bone. But someday I'll prove just why I say I'm of a special kind. For when he was on the cross, [Music] I was on his mind. [Music] Oh, for he knew me. Yeah, he loved me. [Music] And he whose glory makes the heavens shine. So unworthy of such mercy. [Music] Yet when he was on the cross, [Music] I was on his [Music] mind. A look of love was on his face, the [Music] thorns on his head. head and blood was on that scarlet robe and stained in crimson red. And though his eyes were on the crowd that day and he looked ahead in time for when he was on the cross, you and I was on his mind. Sing it with us. And for he knew me. Oh, he knew me. And yet he loved me. Oh, he loved me. And he whose glory remains the heaven shine. Heaven shine. I'm so unworthy. So unworthy of such mercy of his mercy. [Music] when he was on the cross and I was on his mind and oh he knew me. Oh he knew me and yet he loved me. Yes. And he whose glory makes the heaven shine. Heaven shines. So unworthy. I'm so unworthy. Such mercy. Oh, his mercy. Yet when he was on the cross, you and I was on his mind. When he was on the cross, you and I was on his mind. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Well, let's all stand. Thank God we were in his thinking before the foundation of the world. He thought of us and came take on the sinful flesh, a form of sinful flesh that we could become the righteousness of God. I want to sing this song this morning. One number 80 is 187. Such love, such wondrous love. Before we change order of service, I know brother Collie likes this song. So, we're going to go sing it for brother Collie this morning. He said, "I don't know. I can't remember the name of that song, but he said, I like you singing that song." So, so I had had to go through the list of songs that I sang and he said, "That's it." So, I'll never forget that. So, but I love this song that God should love a sinner such as I. Amen. Let's help sing. That God should love a sinner such as I should yearn to change my sorrow into bliss. No rest till he had plans to bring me nigh. How wonderful is love like this. Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. That Christ should join so freely in the scheme. Although it meant his death on Calvary did ever hear me up by no theme. That love divine that ransom came. Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. That for a willful outcast such as I, the father bled, the savior bled and died. Redemption for a worthless slave to buy. Who long grace [Music] defied? Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous love that God should love. A sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. And now he takes me to his heart a son. They ask me not to fill a servant's place. The far off country wondrings are all done. Wide open are his arms of grace. Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Wonderful love. Amen. Y'all ready for the word this morning? Amen. Let's sing. Word of God ever true. Holy words long preserved for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life, words of hope, give us strength. Help us in this world where we roam. The word of God will guide us home. Word of God, ever true. Changing me, changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Holy words of our faith handed down to this age. Came to us through sacrifice. Oh, heed the faithful words of Christ. Holy words preserved for this day for our for all the years in this world. Many men gave their life for this word so that we can hear it today. Let's pray to him today. God, word of God is ever true. Change me. It'll change you. And we have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. Sing it to him again. Oh, word of God is ever true. Changing me, changing you. Oh, we have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Amen. God bless you. Turn around and shake somebody's hand. Say, "Happy resurrection day. The sun is up. He's walking around. Something happened and never happened before." There was a man raised from the deadl. And it wasn't like Lazarus. This man will never die anymore. He's alive forever more. We worship him. Good to have each and every one of you. Bless you in the name of the Lord Jesus. You may be seated for a minute and I'll go ahead and make some of these announcements and and all that way we don't have to stand up so much. Uh we're going to uh kind of deviate a little bit from the the sermons we've been bringing on the third poll and and may be strange to some people but but uh it's just all about Jesus Christ. There's really nothing else. Amen. What Paul said, what can we preach except Jesus and him crucified. That's all we can preach. Everything comes from the resurrection. And the proof of the resurre proved who he was. The prophet of God said when he came out of that grave he he fought it out at at Gethsemane. Died resurrected for your justification. He resurrected so you and I can have eternal life if you'll accept it today. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to have um I don't think anybody's a visitor here today. Uh but good to have each and everyone. Good to have Olivia and Dalton with us today. Good to see you guys. Appreciate you. And I think there's nobody else. I think there's I think there's a a couple that that had a um they had an anniversary not too long ago. And I always try to look back on anniversaries, Brother Jim, and I look at myself. That's what you're going to look like when you when you come back in this world with that new body, right? We know it's not a new We know it's not a new one hanging up. It's a new one being formed in here. We know that. But on that wedding day, you were at your best. Your wife was at their best. You were standing there. And this is what you look like. So Anderson, brother, pull this up for a second. I want to show you. That's what she going to look like when y'all come back. Brother Alvaro and Sister Emma Senior had a wedding anniversary not too long ago. Now put the other one up. That's what they look like now. But that's what they're going to look like come resurrection morning when the change of the body comes. That's what our hope is. It's not a hope. It's a shity. It's not something we have to guess it's going to happen. We know it's going to happen. Amen. Amen. If not, then we need to just eat, drink, and be merry and just do like the rest of the world. We'll die, go away, and fade out of here. But no, sir, this life just just starts your new life by the new birth. You started a little bit on this side, and it'll take you to the other side. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord. But yeah, I thought when I saw that yesterday, I thought I'll put that up there as a uh as a tribute to you for coming and we appreciate them coming all the way from from Arizona and uh and sharing their uh daughter with us and family. So, uh but I wanted to show that to show that that's the youth that we're going to see. We're never going to be old again. When Jesus came out of that tomb, he wasn't 30ome years old. He didn't look like he was 50. He was in the prime of life. Amen. My God doesn't look like a 90 year old man that's about broke down and can't hardly move. My God's 20 years old. My Oh, Jim's dad's here today and he's 92. So, oh, good to have him with us. But, you know, we were talking, Brother Joe and I, different ones. Every year something comes up and you have to go to the doctor. So, just And that's not the way it was supposed to be. Today we're going to speak kind of a little bit out of the normal, but brother Donnie, you might enjoy this title. Pulled it up there. I preached this sermon a long, long time ago, and it means more now to me than ever before. It started before the foundation of the world. Amen. It came to Calvary and died. But he's building that body now. A body thou Jesus has prepared me way down. A body incorruptible. If we have any other hope, we better put our hope in that. That we're not going to get older when we go to eternity. that we're going to be young and beautiful, prime of life, live for an eternity, never see a doctor again. Praise the Lord. Never see Mondays again or the income tax people. Hallelujah. That's good enough for me right there. But just remember, Brother Luis, he's in Honduras and uh and his safe journey back on Tuesday. We appreciate Brother Luis doing work down there. We appreciate him. so much. Brother Chris Long will be here. Remember, we got service Saturday at 3:00 and we have a meal. And I don't I want to say something real quick. I don't want I don't want to make you mad, but but it's probably going to and it's not my fault, it's yours. Amen. Thank you. Praise the Lord. That's why I like people sitting up here say amen. When we give these announcements out, look at the dates. Don't look at anything. Look at the dates. Dates don't change. ever. We may change, but dates don't change. So, look at the dates. The date will tell you when we're having these uh special meetings and special meals, and you won't get confused. But just look at the date. Don't even worry about me saying it. Just look at the date. It's on It's online. It's on Brother Joe graciously puts it on WhatsApp. Um and it's there for us as our information. It'll I don't want it to be confusing. I really don't. I want us to have a wonderful time in the Lord. Uh this Wednesday I'll be speaking. We're leaving uh next week going to a pastor's retreat. Me and Sister June. So, Brother Bob will be speaking this the next Wednesday, the 30th. See there? Put a date on it. The 30th. And then remember, we will then we will then get home on Thursday, Friday morning. We're leaving for Jamaica. We'll be there till Tuesday or Monday in the evening. and brother Donaldo Bautista will be here that Sunday for regular ser that's May the 4th. See there you put those in makes it clear that's May the 4th. All right so remember that I got to put a prayer cloth here to pray for somebody as we speak the word Easter. I want to say this just for a few minutes. We I was milling over it yesterday and and you know the prophet of God tells us and we see that Jesus fought it out not at Calvary cuz at Calvary he was done. He fought it out in the garden. Right. When he went to that garden, there were two wills. Not my will, but thy will be done. He submitted his will. There was a junction of time, right? That even being the son of God, the almighty trapped in the body of flesh, he had to make a choice. He could have made this choice. He loved his disciples. He loved the He loved some of the people of the world because he said he did. He said he even loved Judas cuz he called him friend. But there was a will that overtook all that. And there was when he sealed that in the garden. That was it. He couldn't change his mind even though it hurt. And I appreciate Brother Boyd. If y'all have not seen that, I'll send it to you. He um uh sent me the the steps at what happened to Jesus's body during the time of Calvary. Don't think you've ever had a bad day if you read that. Amen. And he hung there for three hours almost to give his life for me and you. Don't ever forget that. But Easter's origin, we know that it started with paganism. Everybody with me? Don't get don't get quiet. Right. The name Easter is derived from the Anglo-Saxon goddess Ator or Estray, associated with spring and fertility. That's where they get eggs and rabbits. For those of us that are older, we know what eggs and rabbits they produce and they make life. But when the Old Testament during the Old Testament time, remember they had to get Jesus off the cross on Friday at 6:00 before 6:00. Now remember, their days are from 6:00 p.m. to AM. Is everybody with me? Or 6:00 to 6, 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. It's not like our days go to midnight and then that starts a new day. Our their day started at 6:00 on Friday. They had to get him off that cross at before 6:00 because the next day was the Sabbath, Saturday, which became a high Sabbath because it was the Passover and it happened on Saturday. Everybody with me? So they had to get him off or they had to leave him up there for three day or you know until till Monday. Everybody with me? And they had their festivals and their all that going on. So the Passover was there. And the Old Testament remember Saturday was when the Sabbath was instituted, right? All right. God worked six days, rested the seventh. But you got to remember the seventh day was not Sunday. Seventh day was Saturday. Sunday is the first day of the week according to the Bible and according to your calendar. You look on it, you can see Sunday is the first day of the week. So in the New Testament though, the disciples never celebrated an Easter until the second century. I'm reading this off of several um interviews that we've had I had with different people that that prove this fact that disciples because remember they met on Sunday to commemorate the resurrection that's why we do that's why the old testament had to be done away with the old testament sabbath Saturday to where now that we have a resurrection every day Sunday I mean Sunday every Sunday we come to church for a resurre resurrection. Everybody with me? Amen. So, but it is tied to fertility and all this other stuff. And the reason I'm telling you this is because when we get started, we're going to see in every situation when God hits the earth, Satan hits the earth, too. There's always a set of twins. There's always two opposing forces. There's always two spirits working. even in the framework of this church. If you're not born again today, you are of another spirit. Now, you may be wanting to or you may be on your journey to, but you are of another spirit. And we'll talk about it here in just a little while. So, let's stand to our feet. God bless you. Thank you for all of you being here today. I want to just kind of give you that that that Easter is celebrated. We understand and know. We know why. But the world has turned it into just like Christmas and all the other pagan holidays has turned it into what? Moneym scheme. Right. Amen. Eggs, rabbits, chickens. You ought to seen I don't know how many people ordered chickens online and we had to deliver them because the post office still delivers live animals. Not a cat or a dog, but small animals. So, we've delivered many, many um chicklets this past couple of weeks. So, but that's what the world's turned it into. We know it was the death, burial, and resurrection of our Lord Jesus. And then we become in newness of life when you get born again. Yes, sir. So, we're going to just for a moment, a body hast thou prepared me? Let's go to Hebrews 10 verse one. You say, "What has this got to do with the resurrection and Easter?" Well, if you'll hang on a little bit and and you can take a nap in between, but kind of stay awake for the end. Hebrews 10:1, for the law having a shadow, now watch, for the law having a shadow of good things to come. Remember Jesus Christ came under the law. Everybody with me? The law didn't end until the day of Pentecost on 120 in the upper room when Jesus said, "This is a new testament in my blood. It's going to be a new commandment that it's not going to be the blood of an animal anymore. It's going to be the blood of a man. And this man was Jesus Christ. But the law having a shadow of good things to come. You can't do away with the Old Testament. The Old Testament is just as much mine as the New Testament is. Because you know what Paul did? Paul sat down one day for three years. He didn't have a quote book. He didn't have a New Testament. He didn't have a Bible. All he had was a pen and a piece of paper. And he took the Old Testament and by the Holy Ghost wrote 80% of the New Testament for us to enjoy today. And this is actually him saying this in the book of Hebrews. For the law having a shadow of good things to come and not the very image of the things can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers there too perfect. In other words, come up every year, come up to the Passover or whatever it is. Uh, then you you put your lamb up there, you know, you put your head on the lamb, the lamb dies, you walk away. If you were a liar, you're still a liar. If you're an adulterer, you're still But your sin though was at that point was covered until the next year. But there had to be another sacrifice made the next year. But we know that didn't when Jesus died, one sacrifice, he died once for all. We don't have to do that anymore. All we have to do is sacrifice our life. Can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually made the comers or the people that come there into perfect. For then would they not have ceased to be offered. He's asking a question. Because that the worshipper once purged should have no more conscious of sins. Amen. But in these sacrifices there's a remembrance again made of sin. Every year they had to sit down. They had to get a calendar out and they had to know what day that they go to the temple, what was their time to go and if they had this and if they had two turtle doves and if they had a lamb, they had to put all that up and it was just ritual back and forth. But it did nothing to make them eternal. It did nothing to make them Christians because the only way you can be Christian is to be Christlike and have Christ inside of you. Okay, everybody with me? For it is not possible that the blood of bulls and of goats should take away sins. Wherefore, when he cometh into the world, who's he? Jesus Christ. He say, "Sacrifice and offerings, thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me? In burnt offerings and sacrifices for sin, thou has no pleasure." Jehovah said one time, he said, "It's just a stink in my nostrils. But it's something I'm going to have to do because I can't look at you with eyeball to eyeball. There's got to be a substitute between me and you." Amen. Everybody with me? Because remember, before he saw Adam in the garden, he killed a lamb, threw the skins in, they put them on, then they walked out. So, there has to be a law of substitution. There had to be a substitution because a God is a holy God and we're filth. Amen. But there's a substitute that came in between that that made us to where we could come before God. Now, we can come boldly. Back then, you couldn't go to the Holy of Holies. Amen. Wherefore when he cometh unto the world, he says, sacrifice and offerings I wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me. And burnt offerings and sacrifices for sin thou hast no pleasure. Then said I, lo, I come, the volume of the book, it is written of me to do thy will, oh God. You may be seeing the Lord that is blessing, but you got to start somewhere. That's right. This is where that Paul gets what he just said. This is where he gets it from. Psalms 40:6. Sacrifice and offerings thou didest not desire. Mine ears hast thou opened. Burnt offerings and sin offerings hast thou not required. And that that word means ask for. Then said I lo I come. And the volume the writings are the record book of God. It is written are recorded of me. Now, every one of us today, I delight to do thy will, oh my God. Yay, thy law is within my heart. Every one of you sitting here today, you're a book. You are a book. Remember the old saying, I can read you like a And then it said, don't judge the book by its cover. Well, you can start there. Everybody with me? But we're all a book. were written epistles. Something has been written about you. You just got to find it in the Bible. You're either a sinner or a saint. One of the two. There's a Listen, for those of you that don't come here a lot, there's two opposing forces. Oh yeah. It's a good one and a bad one. There ain't no in between. There ain't no gray area in God. No, sir. You're either born again and going to heaven, or you're not born again, you're going to hell. I'm sorry. That's just the way it is. And I didn't write the book. He did. So you argue with him. Don't argue with me. Argue with him. But there is a way out. It is so simple that people Hallelujah. Amen. They wrestle at it when all you got to do is is through your mouth let your book open up and speak and say, "I am sorry, God. I didn't mean to do that." That's right. And mean it from your heart. Mean it from the core of that book, not just from lip service. That's right. Many people, as I've said many times before, many people are sorry they got caught. They're not sorry that they're sorry. That's why people go to jail and they get Jesus in jail. Come on, somebody. But now, some come out with him, some come out and left him in there. But if you and I get born again, he'll never leave you or forsake you. You can't outrun God. Hallelujah. You can never outrun God. You can run as long as you want to, but there's going to be one time he's going to say, "Make a choice, big boy. Make a choice, girl. You better make it now." So now, let's let's see where all this If a body's been prepared by the Lord himself, and we're part of his body, being the bride of Christ. Is everybody with me? Amen. Amen. We got to go where to find where that body started and why it had to come to Calvary. Everybody with me? So Genesis 1:26, the second the first favorite scripture in the Bible for me. And then the other one is the body hast thou prepared me? So in Genesis 1:26, "And God said, let us make man in our own image and after our likeness." Now Joshua is sitting back there today and whether he likes it or not, he was made in my image. He may not act like me, but he looks like me. Why? He's my progeny. He's my genetic makeup. Whatever I have inside of me as a genetic strand, he's got parts of it. Everybody with me? So when God said, "Let us make man," he ain't talking about all mankind. God is not in every individual in the world. He has a group of people that is his children, his progeny. Yes, sir. That has come forth from him and was going to come forth from him. Let me make a statement real quick. God always wanted to live in human flesh. Amen. But so did the devil. Twins. So did the devil. Why do you think he got in the beast and did what he did with Eve? wanted to interject himself into flesh of a human race. Cuz Satan can't create. He only perverts. God created Adam. Amen. In his own image. But remember when we talk about that person that was a spirit first. Yes. With me? Those of you been here a long time, you'll know that. You know this. Dad's preached on this for 50 years, 40 years. Let them have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the fowl of the air and over the cattle and over all the earth. Now, that can't be the devil's kids. That's only the children of God that he has given them authority over the earth. Everybody with me? All right. So, now there's going to be though a time where there's going to be a drift off to one side, and we'll get to in just a second. Oh, I said here, I had a Let me tell you something. Thursday night, I had a Gethsemane. Praise the Lord. And I'm sorry. I've been dilatory and I've not studied like I should and brought the word like I should. And I apologize for that. But when I got Thursday night finished, he won. Amen. He won. I didn't win. He won. You ought to all have a Gethsemane. You got to get down and have shed your tears of blood and say, "Not my will, Lord, but thy will be done." We're human. and I want to go do things. I want to go do stuff. Come on, brother. But no, Paul was a prisoner of Christ. He wasn't a prisoner in a dungeon somewhere. He was a prisoner of Christ. That's what put him in the natural dungeon. Amen. So remember, there's two forces and that's it. There's God and there's Satan. That's right. And they both want the same thing, but in a different way. Amen. He wants his kingdom. He's got it temporarily. Amen. But we're a kingdom of eternity. Yes, sir. We're a king of We're a kingdom of the most high. We are his children. Amen. We are his offspring. And he has given us rulership over all the earth. Now, the first earth you got to get rulership over is what? This one. Not my will, but thy will be done. And there is no doubt there has been there was hundreds of thousands of crucifixions. It was starting way before Jesus was even born. And I'm sure in Jesus Jesus's life, brother Bob, he's walked by and looked and saw somebody hanging on the cross, screaming and wailing. It wasn't a new thing, folks. They did it every day. They'd throw them up on the cross, crucify them. they didn't die. They'd break their legs with a with a big old stick and throw them over in a pit. So, no doubt Jesus saw what he was going to. He said, "Not my will, but thy will be done. I'm not doing this for myself. I'm doing it for my children." Because Adam, the first Adam, lost us all. That's right. God had to hold on a minute with his plan. Everybody with me? That's right. How patient is God? For thousands of years, he's been waiting for a body to get here. His plan is perfect. He never had to change it in the middle of it. It's always been the same. That's right. So listen, over the earth and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth, everything. So God created man in his own image, and the image of God created he him. Now look, male and female created he them. Amen. Everybody with me on that cuz we're going to get into something just a second that I believe it'll help you. And God blessed them. So in other words, he created a form, but it's in plurality. We know who we are, male and female, right? There's only two. There's not inbetweens and five different degrees of this, and you can do whatever you want to here. And there's all kind of stuff. Well, anyway, whatever. Believe what you want to, but it's cursed. Anything outside this word is cursed. I don't care how smart it sounds. I don't care how good it looks. It's cursed. And God blessed them. Now, how would everybody like to be blessed today where God says, "I have blessed you." Everybody in here should be. If you hadn't, then you're missing the blessing. Amen. I could say, "Bless you today." You could go to the Catholic church and the pope could say, "I bless you today." But when God blesses you, it's for an eternity. And God blessed them. And God said unto them, "Be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth." Now remember that was before they were put in human flesh. So how was God going to procreate the earth? Cuz remember, brother Jim, he said multiply. How's he going to multiply? Spiritual multiplication. You see what it turned into when the twin come into view, right? It was by sexual desire. Not supposed to been that way. Everybody with me? Don't get quiet. And God blessed him. And God said unto them, he's talking right to him. But guess who's standing there while he's talking? Diablo. The devil. Himself. Yes. Was standing there listening. The prophet of God said he knew the principles of life. Why? He could see the animals procreating. That's right. He's just sitting there waiting. And when God put Adam and Eve in human flesh or put Adam in human flesh and Eve came out, he said, "Right there is my way in." But now remember, God made them first so that he could get in them. Have children spiritually, not by sex desire. All right? And have dominion over the fish of the sea and the foul of the air. He blessed them. Multiply, replenish the earth, and subdue it. and have dominion over the fish of the sea and the foul of the air and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth. Sorry, brother. I have to slow down a little bit. And God said, "Behold, I've given you every herbbearing seed." Now, watch what God says. Now, remember, whether you believe this or not, that's the same God that hung on the cross. That's right. There's not three gods. There's not two different gods. There's not a God and a son. There's a God that became a son. That's right. Well, what a revelation. Amen. God became a son so he could die for me and you. God can't die. That's right. Amen. God's a spirit. Jesus said, he said, "Those that worship him must worship him in spirit and truth." That's right. But there he stood in human flesh. They couldn't understand who he was. Right. Behold, I've given you every herb bearing seed. Somebody called me those asked, "Would we would we eat meat in the millennium?" I No, I don't think so. I think we revert back to what we did in the garden where we didn't eat each other, the animals. We ate of the best fruit you'll ever have in your life. It doesn't have to be sprayed with MSG. It don't have to come from Florida when it's out of season. Everybody with me? It's right there all the time. Whatever your desire is, that's what's going to happen. Amen. To it to you it shall be for meat and to every beast of the earth and every foul of the earth. to everything that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life. I have given every green herb for meat, and it was so. Yes. Now look, and God saw everything that he had made. Now remember, God can't change his mind, right? He can't say, "Whoops, I made a mistake." In other words, he said, "This is my plan. This is the way it's going to be because I see the end of this." And God saw everything that he had made. Now watch. And behold, remember back in Genesis 1 2 3 4 5 6, he said, "And it was good." He said, "And it was good." Made the cattle, and it was good. Now, when he got finished making man, he said it was very good. And the evening and the morning was the sixth day. That's why the evening at 6:00 starts the Jewish day. Everybody with me? Okay. But now remember God was lonely. And when Adam came out, he was a ruler of the world. He ruled this whole earth in spirit form. Everybody with me? Then what did he do? He took that man and put him into human flesh. Yes, sir. You say, "How can that happen?" You need to ask God. He's God. I'm not. Okay? God can do whatever he wants to do. Yes, sir. He sprinkled some dust over him a few years after that and became Melzdc. So he can do whatever he wants to do. But this is his plan. I love it. I want to go by it. There's nothing in the world I want besides that. Cuz listen, let me tell you something. I think about yesterday. How many of you ever saw Job? How many of you ever saw Jesus? Isaiah, Jeremiah, Moses. Oh, you never seen them, have you? You have no evidence they ever existed, except believe in what the word of God says. And what does it do? It resonates inside from here, not up here. Up here, you're wrestled. Down here, you won't. Oh, yeah. You may still throw something back and forth, but once you get it settled in here, that's why I know this Bible's right. That's why I know the message of God is right. He sent us a message, and that message is right. Amen. Find me a different one that's better. I'll listen to it. Yeah. Garbage. Everything outside of this word of God is garbage. We're all garbage outside of the word of God. Man told me one time, he said, "Why in the world did Brother Random call women dog meat?" I said, "Brother, you're dog meat." Brother, I'm dog meat. Until I'm born again, I was dog meat. Until you were born again, you're dog meat. That's right. Cannon fire. You say, "I don't believe that." See, you become an unbeliever when you say, "I don't believe." You immediately become an unbeliever when you say, "I don't believe that." Right now, if you're a believer and something's in error and you say, "I don't believe that." That shows where you got the Holy Ghost. Cuz we'll look at something in just a few minutes if we get to it. Now, maybe a little long today, but you ain't got nothing else to do. You might get a little bit, but that'll keep you awake. If your neighbor's belly sounds loud, you'll stay awake, maybe. But now listen. So, what did God do? He began to start his family. Genesis is a C chapter. All right. He started his family in Genesis, remember? The way he wanted it started because God don't make a mistake. You with me? Adam put Adam in flesh. But now once he put Adam in flesh, now watch. And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground. In other words, 16 elements and breathe into his nostrils a breath of life and man became a living soul. Now remember, there was just one man, Adam. All right? There was something inside of him, but was not yet ready to be revealed. Everybody with me? Because remember, God said, "I'm lonely. Adam says, "I'm lonely." God was lonely because Adam was inside of him. Adam was lonely because Eve was inside of him. Hallelujah. And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground and breathe into his nostrils a breath of life, and he became a living salt. And the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden, and there he put the man whom he had formed. All right, y'all with me? Hang in here. We're getting somewhere. It may take a minute. Genesis 2:1 17. Now, he tells Adam, and remember, Eve is in Adam in theophony. If you don't understand that, study it out. Theophony is what? A body of God or not flesh. It's a um it's actually better than flesh because it's it's it's the body of God. God was eternal. God was a spirit. But now remember that transformation goes over from here into a body. So he took Adam and put him into a body so that he could fellowship with him. Then when he got to fellowshipping with Adam, Adam said, "Man, I'm lonely." Now watch. But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt need not eat of it. For in the day thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die. That's pretty specific. You might. You might. No, you might. Know not you might, you will. Yes, that's right. You will die. Yes. And the Lord God said, "It is not good that the man should be alone. I will make him and help me for him." Now, what did he do? Did he go and create another body? Did he go create another spirit? Hello. Because remember, when God formed Adam, he didn't create another spirit. It was his spirit in another form. Everybody with me. It was his spirit in another form. Listen, devil's over here wondering what in the world's going on. I want a part of this. I want in on it. And God said, "You stay over there." I'm the creator. You can't. You stay over there. And the devil's like, "I ain't staying over there. I'm going over there. I'm gonna figure out how to get into that just like he did." Right? And out of the ground, the Lord God formed every beast of the field. Now watch, he's specific. When when Oh, how many of y'all believe that Moses wrote this first four books of the Bible? Five books of the Bible. How do you know that? How do you know that? Prove it. It's Jewish tradition. Way back. They got the scrolls. But just like this Bible or just like anything else, you can pervert it. You can have somebody else write it. That's why if we don't put our faith in what God did in this Bible, we're lost. And listen, we are believers. Remember, we what? We believe so that we can see. Yes, sir. We don't go looking for something so that we can believe it afterwards. No, no, no, no, no. Amen. Amen. I met Jesus Thursday night, but he wasn't in a corporal body. He was in the word of God. And that word of God spoke to this word that I am and said, "That ain't nothing but the truth." Amen. That's what you got to decide today. Amen. What is truth? Pilot said, "You know why Pilate said that? He didn't know the truth." Right? The truth was standing right in front of him. He didn't know who it was. Right. Yes, sir. It's not good man should be alone. I will make him a help meat. And out of the ground, the Lord formed every beast. Now, watch. God is saying, "I'm forming every beast out of the ground." Amen. I am creating animals foul and brought them unto Adam to see what he would call them. And whatsoever Adam called every living creature that was a name thereof. There is the confidence, brother Carlos. That was the confidence God had in his son at the time. Right. Amen. They didn't this big gray thing walk by with a trunk and big old tusk and and and Adam says, "That's an elephant." And God said, "No, no, no, no. That's not what that was." No. You know what he did? He said, "That's exactly what I was thinking." We had the mind of God. He had the mind of God. He had the mind of a creator. He was in line. But remember, he never was a savior. He couldn't be a savior. That's why when he did what he did and they got cast out of the garden, Adam went with Eve because he thought he could save her. No, he went with her and found out he was lost, too. He's not a savior. But the second Adam sure is. Cuz that's the body I want to be included with. We'll see Adam. We'll see Eve, but I want to see Jesus. And out of the ground, the Lord God formed every beast of the field, brought him to Adam. And that was a name and that's the way it's been since the dawn of time. Yes, sir. And Adam gave names to all the cattle and foul of the air and every beast of the field. But for Adam there was not found and help me for him. Adam could look and see female dog, male dog, female cat, male cat, female this lamb, male lamb. Everybody with me? And the Lord God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam. He slept. And he took out of his ribs, one of his ribs, not two. He made two eaves. He made one. Everybody with me? Okay. And he took one of his ribs and closed up the flesh instead thereof. What a master physician. Take take a piece of a man out. Put the thing back. close it back up and then take that one piece of bone and make another human being out of it. But remember whose bone was it? Adam's. So he did a little surgery. Then he did a little creating. He didn't create. He used from the creation that he had. And the rib which the Lord God had taken from man made he a woman and brought her unto the man. And Adam said, "Now watch. What was the first woman's name?" Huh? H actually she was called woman, but she was Adam. We We'll read that in just a minute. And Adam said, "This is now bone of my bone and flesh of my f flesh." Really? That's exactly what they were. She shall be called woman or man with a womb. All right. because she was taken out of man. Therefore shall a man leave his father and mother and shall cleave unto his wife, and they shall be one flesh. And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed. Walked around the whole time, no clothes on because they didn't have a carnal mind. Everybody with me? But now remember, we're going to see here in just a few minutes when we read it that her name was Adam. Amen. Now we we go on over 6,000 years and we hear brother Brandham on I think it's uh Christ the mystery or somewhere he says she is him. Amen. Bone of his bone flesh of his flesh, life of his life. She is him. Amen. Amen. Eve was Adam in another form. You are the bride of Christ in another form. Amen. You I was listening to a preacher the other day and he said, "You know, Eve is not a really good name." Cuz Eve, brother, you know, the Adam says she's the mother of all living. That's why I'm going to name her Eve. And that's what Eve means. But Eve also means she committed adultery. She wasn't woman anymore. She wasn't his woman anymore. Think about that. Are we just called Miss Jesus Christ or are we Miss Jesus Christ? If we are mis Jesus Christ, we will do what Jesus did because we have his life inside of us. And the Lord God said unto the serpent, because thou hast done this, thou art cursed above all cattle and every beast of the field. Upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life. When he finds out and comes to Adam and Eve, he sees now that he didn't he wasn't surprised at all. He knew what was going to happen, but he had to make them witness what happened. What have you done? What he said, Adam, what he done? Well, it's my wife. It's that woman you gave me. Woman says, "What?" He said, "What happened to you?" He said, "Well, it's that beast over there." Like, brother Rab said it was passing the buck passing somebody else's fault. But God said, "Hold on just a minute. I made a covenant and you did not meet your end of the covenant." Right. Eat of everything but that. Yes. So now Eve, you believe what you want to. You can believe it was an apple if you want to. But now Eve was not a virgin anymore. Her womb was polluted. This one first, then the natural one. But see, remember Satan has to do it carnally. He cannot create. So he had to use, excuse my expression, he had to use the sperm of a beast to inject himself into the human race. And and the Lord had already said whatever seed brings forth of its kind. So he had to give it life. He had to give Cain life because he said he did. That's right. Everybody with me? So remember, God can't dwell in an unclean vessel or come through an unclean vessel. He was if Eve would have waited, Adam and Eve would have been the spoken word of God. They would have spoke the children into existence without sex, without sin, and we just lived for an eternity. But God had attributes. His attribute was a healer. There was nothing to heal. God was a savior. We know today God what? This is why he did it. He was a savior, but there was nobody to save. But he knew put him on free legacy. Say, "Okay, if you do this, you're cursed." He knew she wasn't going to do it. He knew she was going to break that covenant. But remember, when God steps on a scene and says, "I will." You can put money in the bank. Amen. Hallelujah. So God after all this happens, he knows he cannot interject himself into the human race like he wants to. Everybody with me? Amen. that Genesis 1 man eternal life and eternal life is a book in symbol. We know it wasn't a book that they had to read with names in it. I'll promise you you stand before the white throne judgment there's not going to be a great big dusty book opened up and they have to find your name. No, you're going to know cuz you're the one that wrote it. Good or bad. Nobody knows you but you and God. Nobody knows you but you and God. And the devil tries to get in there every once in a while. If you don't know Jesus, then you are go. You're you're the devil's anyway. Now watch. Because you have done this. Thou art cursed above all cattle. He's separating it. Now I can't build this body that I'm trying to prepare at this moment. Right. told a serpent on your belly you shall go. That's why the serpent was not a snake before the fall. He was turned into a snake. And dust shalt thou eat all the days of your life. And I will put enmity. God said I will put enmity. That word enmity means hatred, division or chasm. In other words, I hate sin. I can't look at you anymore without a substitution, without a blood sacrifice. I cannot look at you. So now, if he made that statement, he's got to make a way to get back across chasm because of this right here. And I will put enmity, hatred, division, chasm, a great gulf fixed between us and God. Right? Between which means among or in the midst of thee and the woman and between thy seed and her seed. Now remember thy seed was the serpent coming from the beast interjected into Eve brought forth Cain. Everybody with me. If you don't understand that, ask somebody. They'll talk to you about it. And her seed. Now let a woman doesn't have a seed. A woman can't get pregnant by herself. Right? Oh yeah, they may be have this artificial insecination and all that stuff, but there still has to sperm come from man. Woman cannot make sperm. Everybody with me? Sorry about that if the kids here, but I'm sorry. So there's going to be a division, but listen, between thy seed and her seed or offspring, it shall bruise thy head and thou shalt bruise his heel. It it what? The seed of the woman. Jesus was the seed of the woman. We're gonna get down here in just a minute. Mary had zero to do with Jesus coming in the womb of of a virgin. Zero. If there was any connection, that body would been human with a carnal mind. Are you with me? Cuz every one of you in this building right here, I don't care who you are, you born the same way. Come from the same act. Come through the same womb. Not the same womb. You understand? Come through the same way. Everybody, thank you. But it what the seed of the woman shall bruise thy head and thou shalt bruise his heel. Pointing to Satan putting him on the cross at Calvary. But we remember we're the ones that did it. But Satan was the instigator. Remember, you had a set of twins. You had Jesus and Judas, right? You had a set of twins. You had Esau and Jacob. You had Cain and Abel, Jesus and Judas, the word and the non-word. We're going to look at that in just a few minutes. Amen. Cuz remember the original material, listen to me now. The original material that God wanted was his first son. Adam, created son, Adam. That's what he wanted. That's right. There was no sperm. There was no egg. It was just Adam. That's the way he wanted it. But once this happened, he had to come now to where he had to come through that womb to clean the womb out. Everybody with me? Oh, what a perfect plan of God. And to the woman, he said, "I will greatly multiply your sorrow and your conception." You sisters know exactly what we're talking about. I cannot have a baby. I don't care what the world says. A man has never had a baby. Sorry. Could say something, but I'm not. In sorrow thou shalt bring forth children, and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee. Remember, until that time, they were equal. She was him. She didn't have a name. She was him. There I go. And it'd be Eve and one is with God. Brother Ram said God looked down in the Garden of Eden and there was Adam and Eve and he saw one because remember he's not going to have two brides. When he looks down, he's going to have one bride. And she's going to be without spot or wrinkle. We got to get to that because we're pretty wrinkly and pretty spotted at this moment. Everybody with me? Just say it plain right here at this moment, this scripture, we are pretty messed up. And unless God does something, we're going to stay messed up. But praise God, he did. Now watch. You see what Eve did? I'll read it to you in just a few minutes, but I'll I'll emphasize this. He said, "Don't eat from that tree." Right? Don't eat from that tree. Eat from this one. Right? Jesus walks up one day and he says, "I am the vine." You are the branches. What her problem was, brother Donnie, she hooked herself to the wrong tree. Amen. Eve hooked herself to the wrong tree. And when she did, she produced something besides what God wanted produced. Amen. And to Adam, he said, "Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it." He didn't curse Adam. He didn't curse Eve. He cursed the ground. And I have myself a note. Where was your body at that time? Yes, sir. Your body was s You're made out of 16 elements. Potassium, calcium, potachsh, garbled garbage. Your mom and daddy ate food from this ground. That food went into their body and produced sperm and egg for the man and woman. Am I with me? So everybody came here the same way. Right? And you were born from this earth, right? So the earth was cursed, so you're cursed. That's why we get older. Cuz it's a cursed thing that we're in. But God made a way for us to get out of that. Amen. Thou shalt eat of it. Cursed is the ground for thy sake. Thou shalt not eat of it. And sorrow thou shalt eat of it all the days of your life. Thorns also and thistles shall bring forth, and thou shalt eat the herb herb of the field, and the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread. You'll have Mondays. You'll have overtime. You'll have 100 degree days when your tire goes flat in the middle of the interstate. In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, till thou return to the ground. For out of it was thou taken. For dust thou art, and to dust you're going to return. Amen. Now look, after all that, Adam called his wife's name Eve because she was the mother of all living. Now, let's jump over to Genesis 5. Here we go. We're going to look at the book still. Now, look, this is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God created man in the likeness of God, made he him. male and female created he them blessed them and called their name Adam in the day they were created got messed up later on but in the day they got created or was created her name was Mrs. Jesus Christ. That's right. May I jump over a few thousand years? She was him. She was literally him. Listen, that's what God wanted. That's what God wanted. That's his plan. But by permissive will, we all came off of that tree. Your mama, mama for that, daddy daddy for that. You got hooked to the wrong tree. Amen. and the fruit you brought forth because remember the branches bear the fruit. The vine is the life. Amen. So we got in the wrong tree life. Right. So we come forth a product of Satan. Amen. Oh, don't get quiet on me. That's right. That's how we all got started. Oh, my mama was a saint. My daddy was a saint. That's okay. So was um Esau and Jacob's parents were godly parents. You see what came out of them. Amen. I am the vine. You are the branches. He that abideth in me and I in him. The same bring forth what? The tree of life. For without me, you can do nothing. She attached herself to the tree of knowledge and brought forth a child of Satan. Now, what we're trying to do is is get back attached to the tree of life. And by the new birth, we are attached to the tree of life. And we're going to bring forth fruit, as the New Testament says, faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, or love, joy, peace, longsuffering, all those different virtues. That's what fruits of the spirit, that's why they call fruits of the spirit. It comes off of a tree. Amen. The God tree, not the devil tree. Amen. So, both wanted to be expressed in human flesh. That was their whole goal. You say, "How do you know that?" What's the beast going to be in the end time? Incarnate devil. Amen. What's the bride going to be in the end time? Incarnate God. And Adam called his wife's name Eve because she was a mother of all living. The true bride body was not expressed yet. She was his bride. Absolutely. Adam and Eve, right? But that's not the one God wanted. God wanted, as brother Ram preached, a masterpiece. And what a masterpiece it was cuz it's a masterpiece family that he's trying to produce and going to produce. Listen, God don't try anything. I said that wrong. God doesn't try anything. You know, you're going to say, "Tomorrow, I'm going to try to do it this way. I'm gonna try to go." God don't do that. Every move he makes is right. What do we got to do? We got to attach oursel to that. She took her own wisdom, the wisdom the devil put in front of her and not God's wisdom. So what happened? God's sitting here. He's want to build his body. He's got his bride. He's got his groom, right? She's she's virgin at the time. I'm talking about before the fall. He's getting ready because Adam had that title deed. Now, what was the title deed? It was names on the book. Redemptive names on the book. The only book God is worried about, the only book I'm worried about is is being in the book of the lamb slain before the foundation of the world. Eternal life. Yes, sir. There's a book of life written about all of us. But oh, praise God. There's a section that's gone now. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. It's gone. God put a place where he created a place he couldn't even go itself. Let's see if God's forgetfulness never to be remembered again. Oh my. The forfeited title deed is now in the hands of the original owner, Almighty God. Adam couldn't produce it. He said, "All right, Adam, you can't you cannot give someone eternal life. Is that all right? You've messed up. I was going to bring myself through Eve and my children, my my Genesis 1:26 progeny, but I can't come or dwell in an unclean vessel and I can't come out of something. Is that what didn't Jesus say? Can some How can something clean come from something unclean? Can't happen. It's why we have to be washed by the water of the word. That's why we have to come to church. That's why we have to do the things of God. Come on. Try doing the things of God first. You can pray all you want to, but that doesn't resonate in mine. My book says if you don't come to church, you ain't a Christian. Amen. I'm sorry, but that's what the prophet said and that's what the Bible says. That's right. So, you can figure it out for your own self. You say, "Oh, that's just a ritual." You can make it that. You can come to church every day and die and go to hell. But you can't sit at home every day and go to heaven. I'm going to do Well, preach, Brother Wade. I believe it will. Amen. Listen, it's time we get down to the brass tax. You either going to make it or you're not. Absolutely. And you can't make it by yourself and your own ideas. That is correct. We have to absolutely put oursel in him. That's right. Cuz at Calvary, there was an open wound. Getting ahead of myself. He closed the one up in the Garden of Eden so Eve couldn't get back inside of Adam. But at Calvary, he had a wound. And guess what? Water and blood came out. Right. Made a way we could get back in. Correct. Amen. Absolutely. Amen. If you're not in Christ, you're lost. The title deed to the earth and to eternal life. So this book is a book of redemptive names. The Genesis 126 progeny of God. Everybody with me? Now we know one thing's for sure. Jesus died at Calvary for the whole world. He couldn't differentiate and say, "I'm just dying for this group." That's right. Because he said himself, you know, John 3:16, God, Jesus quotes that. That that's him talking. For God so loved the world, he gave his only begotten son that whoever believe in him shall have eternal life. Problem is like brother Aaron's preaching. Yeah. We want to get him off the cross or we want to see that he was on the cross. But what about getting inside of you? That's right. Amen. You want him to be your savior. Oh yes. You want him to be your Lord? No. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Ain't nobody going to tell me what to do. The white throne judgment will tell you what to do. Amen. Hello. The title deed to the earth and to eternal life. When Adam forfeit it, then Satan's dirty hands could not take it. So, it went back to its original owner, God himself. Amen. Now, remember, it wasn't a physical book, but for us to understand, for us to understand We have to say it was something like a book, right? Cuz there's things written in here, right? Everybody with me? We're going to find out in just a minute. There he sits on the throne with his hand. Now, we going to get to Revelations 5 later on, but this is what's going to culminate in Revelations 5. There's going to be a bloody lamb that is alive now. Amen. Amen. That's going to take that book that Adam forfeited. That's right. Take it out of the hands of the original owner and say, "This is mine. I've been waiting on this for 6,000 years. It's mine. It's my book. Those are my kids. Those are my progeny." They come from me. Yes. Oh, how many of you can say, "I come from God and I go back to God." You better believe that. Absolutely. You better believe. You come from God and you say, "Oh, that's pretty bad." Well, the Bible even says that what? You're God's who the word comes to. But listen, we're not going to come any other way than the shed blood of Jesus Christ. And it's not the message of the hour. Oh, don't get quiet. I think I'll take a drink while you throw something. You got to know Jesus Christ first. If you know Jesus Christ, I'll promise you he'll take you to the message cuz she is him. How's he going to reproduce himself? He's got to have a virgin bride. How's he going to reproduce himself with dirty word? How's he going to repossess himself with a critical stinking attitude that everybody's wrong and you're right? Oh, I saw you, brother Aaron. I saw you the other day. Put whatever that isn't in there. Critical spirits are hard spirits to break. Amen. You see, that was Judas's problem. There we go to the twins again. Because remember, and I had got to that yet, but I'm going to get to it right now. When you have twins now, when you have natural twins, like where's Zoe and Kaylee? Joey and Kaylee, they're the only twins in the house, I think. Anybody else said twins? They're not identical. Absolutely not identical. Questionable sometimes. But they came, listen honestly, they came from the same act. They came from the same mother and father, right? So now they have the progeny of their parents inside of them. Though they were a split, okay? Not identical. Okay? Didn't split the egg, but it had two different eggs, right? Isn't that where you get the two without the identical twins? But in God, if there's ever a second, it's material that he didn't produce. Think about it. Shock factor here. Did Did the right seed produce Cain? Huh? He was a twin. Right seed produces the right person. Not twins. Amen. There's not twins in God. No, you and him. That's not twins either. She is him. Remember, she's not him. She's him. So when you look at twin material, you look at Cain. Cain was twin material. Cain came from the same womb. Everybody with me? Different seed, same place. Everybody with me here for a second? All right, I'm about halfway finished. Praise. Listen, that people are going to be eating. The the restaurants are going to be full of Easter people. That's what I told him. We went to that Methodist church. When we went out to eat, it was right in the middle when everybody else got out and we had to stand away for 15 or 20 minutes at a Mexican restaurant. And we sat down and I looked at the girl that worked with me and I said, "You know, if id have preached a little longer, it'd been empty." Cuz about 30 minutes after we got there and got seated, the all the church goers left. You know what she said? She said, "If you'd have quit 30 minutes earlier, we'd have got here before they did." The devil knows how to answer a question. Praise God. Anyway, yeah, she said 30 minutes earlier, we'd have got here in front of this. Anyway, so they're going to be out there eating. So, let's just talk a little while and then when they empty out, we'll go eat a little while. I like eating here, man. When I was doing Thursday night, I'm telling you, I had a it was an experience that you should have. I don't want you to have mine. You have your own. You got to come to a place where you're fixing to go to Calvary. You're getting ready to die. Amen. You got to die to yourself here. You can't do it at the cross. [Music] Praise God. He gave us the opportunity to do that right now today. Hallelujah. Yes. But twin material. You look back through time and you see Cain religious. Did everything he thought was right. Huh? Went to the same church. Judas. Jesus. Yep. Listen. Judas had the same ministry. He cast out devils, spoke in tongues. He was sanctified. Yes. He looked like a pretty good message believer. But he was a devil. Why? Cuz it wasn't in his soul. Until God gets in your soul, you will doubt everything in the world. But when you get born again, you are connected to eternal life. And when it speaks, you got to speak back. You got to say like Sister Hattie, right? That ain't nothing but the truth. I don't have to understand everything. Exactly. Brother Ram said, "You scholars, you know the Bible." He said, "You may know all the Bible." He said, "But I know the author pretty well." And if I know the author pretty well, he'll tell me what's in that Bible. Amen. Hallelujah. That was my problem. I wasn't spending my time wisely to the things of God. And I apologize. I'm just man enough to own up to it. I just did not spend the time I should spend. That won't happen again because when I started into this, it became fresh, brand new, live. I knew where it came from. Now you got to do with it what you're supposed to do with it. But twin material was Cain, Esau. They came from the same womb. Jacob have I loved, Esau have I hated. Now, we didn't say that. God did because he knew what Esau would do. Jesus, Jesus, Antichrist, Christ. Different material, twin material. We do not ever want to be a twin. Think about it. Sorry, twins. in God. So, it's okay. You're fine. It's not I'm not talking about natural. You understand what I'm saying? If you have a different mindset, it's that twin mindset. It comes from that twin material that he's telling you this ain't right. This is wrong. You shouldn't believe this. You shouldn't do that. Shouldn't do this. Go over here. Look at this. What he does is is he takes you all away from God. Right. Put your mind on this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this. When the truth's laying right here in front of you, what did Mary do? Cuz remember this is where it all get started. Hallelujah. The title deed, it disappeared for a while because the blood of bulls and goats didn't have eternal life in it. Everybody with me, brother Collins? Right. It didn't have eternal life. Blood of bulls and goats had the blood of an animal which only covered sin until God could come and take away sin. That sin was still there. bumping up against that blood. But remember the law of substitution is something had to take your place. Something had to take your place in the Old Testament. It was an animal. But that animal, there's no way that that life could come back and come into the person and make them righteous. Amen. Hey, but remember the lamb of God, the life in him was not a man's life. It was God's life. And he could come back into the believer. All right. And save us. Yes, sir. Fill us with the Holy Ghost. Take us in the rapture. The title deed to eternal life. Abstract title deed to eternal life. When Adam forfeited it for wisdom and instead of faith, it went back to the hands of the owner, God Almighty. What a great thing. What a great thing. And remember, there is books of life. There is a book in Revelations 20 something that that's going to be open at the white throne judgment. Right? You're not in that book if you're bride. You don't want to make it to that part cuz you're going to be judged for your deeds and your works. But praise God, today if you're born again, you take God's works, you take God's deeds, you have the mind of Christ, and you're going to have the body of Christ before long. Amen. And in potential, your body now is going to obey the life that's inside of you. I said potentially. Remember, this thing's sticky. It's always going to be contrary to God. But there's got to somewhere you got to say, "That's it right there. I'm done. I ain't taking nothing else." So, the book of the redeemed or the bride body, we're talking about a body thou has prepared me. There's no other way you can get around Calvary to make this new bride body. Well, don't get quiet. It wasn't produced in the Old Testament, was it? No. So now two bodies flesh bodies remember God wanted be in flesh Satan want to be in flesh right twins one true one opposing are twin material twin material will always always deny the word of God question the word of God and be critical to the word of God because Look, Dad preached it a long time ago and I think I mentioned it when we went through. There's listen, there's two kind two kinds of virtue, two kinds of knowledge, two kinds of temperance, two kinds of patience, two kinds of godliness. There's one he said, brother M said, one is just your human quality. Then there's the faith of God, the virtue of God, the knowledge of God, the temperance of God, and the patience of God. Everybody with me? right there. But if you're twin material, think about this. If you're twin material, right there, you can't believe the unseen. You have to see it to believe it. That's not what a believer is. My faith is not twin faith or twin material. My faith is God said it. I believe it. And listen, hold on. And God's obligated to bring it to me if I want it. That's right. Amen. Obligated to bring it to me if I want it. The faith of God. All right. There's one faith cannot even believe what the unseen is. But the faith of God is something inside pushes out of you and changes your life eternally. Not today, not lose it tomorrow, not lose it next week. You know, that's what gets me. I am sorry. I'm going to say this. You can We got a building full of people and a lot of people out. So, I'll promise you one thing. If your life hadn't been changed from what you were, you're not born again. If your life if your life is the same as it was, what in the world did you get saved from? I've always said if you fall out of a boat into the water, can't swim, you swim like a rock. Amen. And somebody reaches out and grabs you and pulls you back into the boat, he has saved you. Yes, sir. Amen. Our problem is we jump back in the water. Right. preacher sat here and then me saying preach on you got to come to church. You need to come to church. Only Christian come to church. People come to church like three or four services and all of a sudden listen that fire will never go out if you get it one time from God. It'll never go out. It'll burn in your heart if you don't can't get in this church. I said burn in your heart. There's a lot of things my flesh wants to do. Amen. I'm just gonna be honest. There's a lot of things my flesh wants to do even on Sunday. Oh, pray for me then. A lot of things. More than you know. But I got something inside of me that doesn't say you got to go to church. It says you want to go. Yes, sir. Amen. It says you need to go. I need fellowship. I need to see my brothers and sisters. I need to see. You know why? Because you're a witness of what's inside of you. And if you're not at church, I told somebody, remember a long time ago, I said, "You you say, "Well, where can I meet God? I I haven't found God in a long time." Look down there on that door. It says, "Service starts at 10:00." If you want to meet God, be here at 10:00. Amen. If you don't believe it, that makes you an unbeliever. You're twin material. I like that. Because listen, you and I are going to find out when we get to the end of this thing. You're going to be the material of God, body, spirit, and soul. Amen. You're not going to be the body of Samuel and Peggy Dale. Right? You're going to realize that you came from another source. You are not twin material. You have come from the Almighty and you're going back to the Almighty. Amen. But you can't do it. We're going to get into a lot of these things. Marriage and divorce, paying your tithe, coming to church, doing the things you're supposed to do. You say that's ritual. You can make it that. That's right. But it's got to be a want to. Absolutely. Absolutely. Everybody all right sisters. You can't go and say my hair is just a little too long. Me and brother Collie don't have that problem. Praise God. We we we worship with our head uncovered. All right. But it and listen, the old person wants to I see June and different ones. Yeah. I mean, you know, you got I love you, baby. Stand up [Laughter] here, Gabby. Hold your hands up. But sometimes she'll get in a windstorm and look like Albert Einstein. And I'm trying to make a point here. I hope I'm trying to make a point here. I mean, it's like, but see, if we do that, of course, we don't have that problem, but if we had that problem like like Dalton does, you better hang on to that stuff, buddy. He can have that all flying everywhere and like, I don't like that anymore. I think I'm going to cut it off. That's right. Right. Josiah, you do the same thing. All of us, it just naturally comes out. It's called the fall for a reason. That's right. your hair falls out. Your teeth fall out. But but you know what Sister June does? She doesn't go well. I think I'll if I go behind this door and I think I'll just I don't know why I'm doing this, but I'm preaching anyway. You know, I think I'll get rid of them flyers. That's what I call them. Flyers. Flyers. Not flowers. Fly. Sarah, that's not funny. Flyers. You and I can get rid of them. If I see one sticking up right here, Sister Emma, it's going to go, I'm cutting it off, but they don't. And they don't do it because they think they'll get caught. That's right. By not doing it. Their hair is their glory. They're doing what the Bible said to do. It's an honor for you sisters to walk with your hair long. And I know, Listen, I'm sorry. I've never had that problem. But there is when your hair is this long, there's only so much you can do with it, right? Everybody says they all the sisters say amen. None of the men. Sorry, we don't have to handle that. So, what are we as bride material now? Bride material comes to church every Sunday. I know some of you can't get here on Wednesday night, but my goodness, if if Sister Trudy sitting back there, she's 80 something years old. Raise your hand up, Sister Trudy. She's in I ain't going to say she's just in her 80s. She drove four hours. How many years? 20. Roughly 20 years from from Charlotte, North Carolina to this church. 4 hours to get there here. In other words, when you were still asleep, she was getting in the car to leave. That's right. Right. And when you got home and had your little supper and you had your little had your little meal with your family or and fellowship, she hadn't even got home yet. She did for 20 years. God honored her. Amen. Some of you live here 30 minutes, 20 minutes, 45 minutes away and you think, "Oh, that's just too long. I can't get here." You'll think it's too long when you walk up a white throne judgment. You say, "Oh, it ain't got nothing to do with my Christianity." It's got everything to do because you are saying I don't need that. I'm sorry. I don't need that. Your sisters, I don't need that. I don't need hair long. God loves your hair long. And listen, if God loves whatever we need to do it, amen. So now twin knowledge does not judge God's word to be all true as the serpent did. Everybody with me? Yeah. Stick with me here for just a little bit. Does not judge God's word to be all true as the serpent did. Because remember he just added one word. You'll not surely not. God said you will die. Surely die. He said not. I I don't think so. But true knowledge. I'm sorry, I didn't spell that right. Brings together the word of God and judges it true. Everybody with me. True knowledge brings together the word of God and judges it the truth. Let's look at Mary just for a moment. Talking about somebody that had to believe. Amen. Talking about somebody had to believe. Have you ever put yourself Who's in here? Who's 16 years old in here? Oh boy. And Melody and oh my daughter, my granddaughter. I'm not going to use her for this example. But you're walking among your friends. You're 16 years old. You're walking one day. You've never known a man. You know, let me put it this way. You know what happens between a man and a woman. You're 16. You ought to know that by now, especially in this day and age. But Mary is just minding her own business. She's not in a temple. She's not before God. She's just walking to the, you know, I like what brother Ram says. She's just walking down the road. And something just appears out of the sky. Gabriel, he ain't got wings and he ain't a she. Preach. I believe it. Well, he doesn't have to get up there in the wings go. They do that for dramatization now, you know. But but I mean, you know, you angels don't have the wings. They got no you know. I thank God that God let Billy Paul see the angel of the Lord. Okay? That brother Ram sees all the time. That's the angel of the Lord. Why would he come to somebody that ain't worth nothing? Cuz he deemed him worthy. He deemed him a prophet. A prophet of God. Everybody with me? So here's the angel and and brother Paul said, "Dad, I'd like to see him just one time." He said, "Okay, he's heard your he's heard your request. You go stand over there." He said, "When he saw him, it was a what?" It was like a Middle Eastern looking man standing there, you know, all powerful looking and all that. That was an angel. So, here comes this angel up to Mary. It's a stranger. Mary's never seen him before. Mary, highly favored. What? He's fixing to build a body, remember? He's got to find faith first before he can build a body because this body is going to be built by faith. A 16y old, not a 30-year-old woman, a 16-year-old kid that was a spouse to a man that was a little bit older. Okay, they had fell in love. Brother Ram said they talked on the porch maybe and and maybe even quoted Isaiah 9:6, a virgin shall conceive because, you know, they read the Old Testament, right? Okay. And they went to church. But here's this man says, "Mary, highly favored." And she's like, "Who are you?" It's pretty much, you know, I'm an angel sent from God to tell you that the Most High is going to overshadow you and you're going to bring forth a child. Yes. Whoa. Shock. Would that not be a shock? And she He says, "It's going to be really miraculous. You're not even going to know a man. The Holy Ghost is going to overshadow you." And Mary's like, "Now, mama told me how this happened, and I don't see that." But what did she say? She said, "How could this be I not knowing a man?" How could this be not knowing a man? She just didn't know she was getting ready to produce the man. She was going to be the incubator for God to fulfill 400 and something scriptures in the Old Testament. It had to be a creative act of God alone. So, what was the first body? He wanted a body without sin. A body created in his image, right? How do you think he's going to get it back? He's got to make a body without sin and without sex, without a carnal mind. You and I have a carnal mind because we can look back at our progeny that we produced on earth and we go, "Well, my daddy was this and my mama was that." And we were talking about something back there the other the other day. Genetically, we have things wrong with us that have just come from genetics. Your mom and daddy, your mom and dad's daddy, and all this genetics and what? All this stuff piled in together. It's just corrupting worse and worse every time a generation comes. But God had to step in and say, "I'll put enmity. I'm going to put a division, but I'm going to put it back together. I'm going to give put my seed in a woman. She's not going to have anything to do with it." That's right. It was God's created lamb. Now remember, she didn't produce the egg. This was all in God's mind. Even back in the garden, Brother John, he's so patient. He waited on me for 20 something years. Praise the Lord. More more than for others, not for others. So, praise God for that he waited that long on me. Amen. But he stood there, waited. He said, "I got this plan and I'm going to see it out." He said, "I already see it done." But it's got to come through. Something that got polluted back then that started the fall rolling. Ball of the fall. That's pretty good. I like that. The ball in the fall. So, I'll use that. Nobody else can use that as copyrighted. But to get the ball rolling, he had to do it in reverse. It couldn't be twin material. It had to be his material. Amen. His material created egg. Remember, he's a creator. That's why Satan can't create. Satan can't put his germ in a woman. Cuz he's not a human. But if he ever gets in a human, he can use a human to do what he wants to do. Amen. Well, pray for me. little kids, little devils. Till they get born again, we're all devils. So when this baby was born though, he was so special. That body that thou has prepared me is a body that the germ life DNA came from God. The blood cell came from God. at all. There was nothing on this earth he was connected to except that cord to give him life because he had to be born like me and you, right? Law of redemption that Gabriel couldn't redeem, Michael couldn't redeem, God couldn't redeem in spirit form. Oh, come on. Amen. He had to become a human cuz human fell. He's got to become a human to erase what happened in the garden. Amen. Amen. So it was a creative act. Listen to this. In a masterpiece and then come finally the great head, the head of it all. The rest of the body just spoke of it. The foundation was laid by the patriarchs. But the body was built by the word which was the prophets. Amen. The prophets. Remember Amos 2:9. I'll do nothing unless I speak it through a prophet. Amen. Well, that was for back then. Well, that's your business, not mine. I believe in prophets till now. But the body was built by the word, which was the prophets. And here comes the head of it all. Jesus came on the scene. There when this headpiece was put upon it, we find in him the entire, listen to this, entire handiwork of God. Wow. He looked like God. He acted like God cuz he was God. And when his head was placed on there, we find in him the entire handiwork of God. We find in him the perfect reflection of the word for he was the word, the fullness of the word. Now again, God has the perfect masterpiece. Again, everybody with me? Romans 8 verse 29. for whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image. Now remember the image, it was back before the foundation of the world. We were created in his image. So if if if he wants us to be perfect, he had to be perfect to begin with to be remember cuz he didn't need salvation. We do. He didn't need salvation. We need salvation. Sorry I'm a little long, but guess what? Like I said before, I ain't my stomach's not even growing. that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Amen. Now watch Hebrews 12:23. Paul says to the general assembly and church of that firstborn. Amen. Well, I said right here, "That he might be the firstborn among many brethren." In other words, he was born right to the general assembly and church of the firstborn. That's us, which are written in heaven. Amen. That book. Yes, sir. and to God the judge of all and to the spirits of just men made perfect and to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant and to the blood of sprinkling that speaketh better things than that of Abel Revelations 3:14 that's our this is our mandate because this is our church age until the angel of the church of the layout of right these things sayith the amen the faithful and true witness what the beginning of the creation of God. Amen. You say, "Well, now you just told me that God was the creator. He created his own self body." Amen. Hello. The way it was to begin, the beginning of the creation of God. And remember, Brother Bram said, "And you and I are a continuation of that creation." You and I, we're a mixed breed. All of us are hybrid. There's a chasm between us and God. As Lazarus said, "Oh, can I go see Abraham?" Abraham looks back and says, "No, there's a great gulf and it's fixed. I can't move it. You can't move it. There has to come a redeemer." Put that thing back together again. Cuz if God put enmity between him and man, he's going to take it away by coming himself. Amen. So there was eternal life in that blood cell which is God. So the right son came to get the title deed. That's right. Now watch. And that's why he went to Calvary. That's why he bled and died. He didn't bleed and die so that the blood could come on you. Come on somebody. That blood has after 2,000 years that blood can't even be found. It just actually the the the chemistry of the blood just mingled down into the ground. First rain there was, it just washed it away. But the life that was in that blood, you can't kill it. You can't kill God. That's why God, that's why Jesus hung on the cross said, "My God, my God, why is thou forsaken me?" What? He couldn't feel that anointing. He couldn't feel that closeness that was with him during that period of time. Right? You know, brother Ram even said Jesus the the spirit left him in the garden so he could die a man. What the anointing that was on him? There was an anointing on him. He couldn't die. Remember they tried to throw him off a cliff. They tried to stone him. He just disappeared between the crowd. You're not going to die until God's finished with you. Have you ever thought about that? If all of your parents Jean was in the in the army or Navy and several one of you may have had ancestors in the army. If those people only knew it, Bob. If those people had a revelation that there's no way they could die until you got here. Don't look at me like I'm crazy. The plan of God is the plan of God. And if it got you here, it was his plan. He did it. You didn't. That's what I told them at Brother Ron Spencer's church. I said, "Y'all had 600,000 men died in the Civil War." 600,000. 600,000 generations were cut off. If they had not had children and never had children, that generation just went away. But there was angels on that field. Just like there's angels at your house, there's angels at your job. There's angels in your car with you. There's angels when you travel. Amen. That made sure move your head. Move over. Get behind that tree. And here comes the bullets flying by. Talking about the Civil War, right? I'm talking about any other time God preserved them to get you here. Amen. Now I ask you, what are you going to do about it? Cuz look, watch. This body died, resurrected today. Not today, but in symbol today. Resurrected, right? Went to the father and came back as the Holy Ghost. The body is still there. But you and I, he decided that this was going to be his body. Amen. Cuz he needed fellowship. He didn't want two heads. He didn't want two bodies. He's the head. We're the body, but we're connected. That's right. So he separated at Pentecost. So he be he separated 120 on the day of Pentecost. Separated 3,000 downstairs the next sermon that was preached. Wow. What a mighty God. But he separated himself so he could put himself back together. Amen. The bride body was inside of him wanting to get out. Just like Eve was inside of Adam wanting to get out and Adam wanted her out so he could fellowship with her. Satan's Eden. So God knew that we would be here. But then he put us in flesh so we could be or could be would be contacted. in order he could contact he became one of us when he became Jesus Christ the son of God himself the fullness of the manifestation of God therefore that was God's purpose to display his attributes in fellowship when I was in my father I knew nothing about it but I when I became his son and was born of him I was an attribute part of my father and you're part of your father. Amen. And as children of God, we are part of God's attribute that was in him, locked up in him. This is me. Locked up in him. Couldn't get out of him unless he had to. He had to come as a redeemer. Right. Amen. The redeemer paid the price and whatever was inside that redeemer got redeemed. Yes, sir. Amen. That book was inside of him when he walked the shores of Galilee because brother Ram I'm going to show you where brother Ram said you were with him at Calvary. You were with him on the Sea of Galilee. You were with him in the resurrection. You were written when he went to heavenly places when he left. You were with him. Amen. Amen. Cuz what came back on the day of Pentecost? The same Holy Ghost. Yes. That's right. There's not two or three different Holy Ghost. That's why I love what brother Ram said. He said, "You may be right and I may be wrong." He said, "But we both can't be right. In God, you don't have two rights." Amen. You have son of God and twin material, which is going to deny the word of God. Going to be a wild child, going to be something that is not going to be tameable. Amen. And most of the time, a son of the devil. Listen, we better start calling it what it is. Yes, sir. Cuz there's a devil. He's real and he wants to kill you. Period. Absolutely. As a child of God, we're a part of God's attribute that was in him. Made flesh like he was made flesh. So we can have fellowship one with the other as a family of God upon the earth. And that was God's purpose at the beginning. That's what God wanted at the beginning. We spoke about that he had everything under control and he turned man over into the garden of Eden on free moral agency says son it's yours and then we know what happened right God of this evil age now these messages I want to emphasize the things that I have told you in the message of this evening light that God said would come upon the earth and notice then the beast that was to come upon the earth would deceive all those names that were not put on a lamb's book of life slain before the foundation of the world. See what I mean? If you're twin material, you'll deny God every time. But if you're true son and daughter of God, you'll never deny it. In God's own thinking, God, the great spirit in the beginning, before there was a beginning, he was God. And did you know you were in him then? I do. Cuz you know what? Like I said before, that God faith is something inside of me saying that ain't nothing but the truth. And do you know we were in him then? If you're a Christian now, you was in him then. And then if that be so, the whole Godhead bodily shaped up in the person of Jesus Christ. And then when Jesus died at the cross, I died with him for I was in him then. For he was the fullness of the word manifesting. Watch. Knowing that we would be manifested later. That's why he hung there. Didn't say a word. He knew he had to die to release the book. He released the book. Then here all we came. Then you go to we're going to go to Revelations 10 several sermons and we're going to see where that book ended up at. In John's belly. It disappeared in a bride. Amen. Everybody with me? And we didn't eat he didn't eat part of it. He didn't leave a page or two out. Amen. He didn't eat what he wanted. He ate the whole book. He We were at Calvary with him. We went in the grave with him. And let me say one more thing. We went to hell with him. Amen. You say, "How'd that happen?" I was in Christ. I was in that theopony. That body laid dead in the grave and was getting ready to corrupt. Nothing was working in that body. It was dead, cold. But that wasn't Jesus at that time. Jesus was already in a glorified not a glorified body. He was already in his theophony which you and I are a part of. He went to hell. That's why you think this is not a good statement. We have already, if you're born again right this moment, you've already been to hell. Right. You went when he went. And there's nowhere in the Bible says you're going to go two times. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. What a plan of redemption. Amen. And we raised with him and his resurrection. And now we've ascended by his spirit to the throne of grace, sitting together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus always. For as the germ of natural life is brought down, germmitized by father to father to father, so is the life of Christ germmitized. That's the reason God uses Elijah's spirit five different times. What is it? It's handing down. I mean, it's plain as day. You can see the character of Elijah all five all five times. And remember, a long time ago, I preached on the five cups of Elijah. You know, the Israel believe they have five cups for Elijah. It's kind of strange that there's five comingings of Elijah. So anyway, well, I can't see that in the Bible. Well, I can't see Jesus died either. See, see, see, I see. And as your natural life and traits is handed down from the natural breeding of your father, so is the spirit of God that was predestinated before the foundation of the world. And when the entire word of God incomplete was headed up in a human body called Jesus Christ, in there God made me pay for my sins in him there. Then he rose me, raised me up with him in the resurrection. And now we are seated with him with power and authority over every devil. Right. Oh, if you could only believe what God has given. Amen. But if you're not seated there, you don't have it. That's right. And if you're seated there and don't believe it and afraid to move, you'll never use it. Wow. But if you are seated there, you will use it. Yes, sir. For you're ordained to do what you do. Amen. Amen. one more time then we'll go one more quote. Now he comes from the feet. Now remember in the Babylonian kingdom, remember in Daniel 9 or Daniel whatever it is. There was a kingdom built with a head of gold and all coming down. Now I'd never seen this before. I never seen this quote before. As the as it was crushed, it was being built back up the right way. the kingdom. He showed all those Old Testaments. He came from the head down until he come down to God himself became flesh at the foot of the ladder. Now here in the New Testament, he brings himself right back up again to the head again and the head of gold to be crowned. Look, you get it? See, God was in the beginning and he kept coming down through the prophets and on down until God himself became human flesh like us, plumbed down at the foot of the ladder, a baby born in a manger, hated, rejected, despised, bad name and everything he was. Let me finish my thought real quick. Think about Mary. Mary had a little girlfriend, right? right? May had people around her, you know, and she all of a sudden she starts looking like something happened. Amen. Amen. Maybe she tried to hide it. I don't know. But think of the ridicule. Cuz here's Joseph, a man like 40 years old or 20 years older than her that's already got kids. His wife died and here he is now. He's got this little 16-year-old girl. And your carnal mind run just like mine did. Hello, somebody. Okay, pray for me then. But she had to stand all that ridicule. Listen, there's only one person on earth, you hear me? There was only one person on earth that knew she was telling the truth. One. That was her. And remember, God had to speak to Joseph because he was worried about it, too. God spoke to Joseph and said, "Don't worry about this, buddy. You just protect her." That's mine. God keeps his word and protects it. So look at all the ridicule that she took even after she the baby was born. Child with a bad name, you know, and everything he was then he started rising. See, from the feet he began to build the church and the bride coming back on back and now coming out into the headstone where all joins together and makes one great transfigured body of Jesus Christ. And here's my last Ephesians 5. I wrote myself a note. So you can't get clean by dirty or perverted word. It had to be the clean word of God. Washed by the water of the word. So, so remember now, brother Kern, if God said that that we can't put a unclean in a clean vessel, but he's coming back for a bride without spot or wrinkle, sinless virgin. He's got to make a way for that to happen. And he did. Ephesians 5:23, "Husbands, love your wives." And a sister said, "Even as Christ also loved the church and gave himself for it, that he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word that he might present it to himself." He's not presenting to anybody else. He's presenting it to himself. A glorious church. Let me just put it this way. when you and your wife got married, right? I mean, I hope you had a honeymoon. I I hope. But what happened? What happened was is she, you, the bride, presented yourself to him. No one else. No one else. You unveiled yourself for your husband. That's why it's so critical to stay clean. Stay clean to be the bride of Christ. We got to stay clean in the spiritual part. We got to stay clean. But that's what he done on the on the when you got born again, you unveiled yourself and gave everything you had to your husband. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. that he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish. Amen. So ought men to love their wives as her own bodies. He that loveth his wife loveth himself. For no man ever hated his own flesh, but nourishes it, cherishes it, even as the Lord the church. For we are members of his body, of his flesh. Yes. Now he's come back. That's what it was in the garden. Now he's come back to right here. He's come back to the scripture here in in um Ephesians to a real mature church that'll understand. For no man hated his own body, but nourishes. He cherisheth even as the Lord the church. For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones. For this cause shall man leave his father and mother, shall be joined unto his wife, and they too shall be one flesh. This is a great mystery. But I speak concerning Christ and the church. Now, let's read the scripture again. A body thou Jesus Christ hath prepared me. Wait, Dale, put your name in there. He has created me a body. You can't see it. It's a mystery. Mystery. Christ is a mystery God revealed, right? Well, where is Christ? I think Paul said one time, Christ in you, the hope of glory. Amen. Everybody with me? Now, this is the body of Christ. So, who are we? We're Mrs. Jesus Christ. Now, look, we have a title. You see this right here? That's a hand, right? That's a title, but it's attached to a man named Wade Dale. We have a many membered body that may look somewhat different and have a title of apostle, prophet, pastor, teacher, evangelist, deacon, elder, but it's come from the same body, the same source. You and I are the virtuous, sinless bride of Christ because he died at Calvary and rose to come inside a bunch of people that were not worthy. Find me one place you were worthy. Oh, I'm this great so and so and such and such. No garbage. We were in pitiful shape. But you know what? God looked through the blood and said, "I'm bringing them back. They were mine to begin with and they're still mine and they're always going to be mine." Let's stand to our feet. God bless you. Musicians, come. But that's why he hung on Calvary. Listen, that's why he stayed there until he died a sinner's death. until he died to where the moon even said he died. The sun said he died. The earth even said he died. Yes, sir. That was an earthquake that shook the place. He shook that place so much so a heathen sinner man that probably put him on the cross said that has to be God's always got a witness, brother Bob. He's always got a witness standing somewhere. And that man looked up and he said, "That must be the son of God." Oh, I wish he'd had that revelation before, but it wouldn't it should wouldn't have played out that way. Now, it plays out that way that we know he was the son of God. We know why he went to Calvary. He went to Calvary for me and you. He was born right. But if you're born again today, you're born right. Right. born again the right way by a spiritual birth from an eternal God that says you don't have a spot and you don't have a wrinkle you're mine you're my bride you're my wife and guess what church we got to get oursel ready because the bride hath made herself ready wife has made herself Let's sing a song. Thank you for for uh hanging on. I appreciate that. But it just meant so much to to see more clarity of what's going on even in the world. My heavens, I'm telling you folks, if this ain't it, we've missed something. The people of this country are drunk on the wine of the fornication that's going on under the guise of religion. Franklin Graham stood up yesterday and said, you know, that's Billy's boy, Billy's son. They had a breakfast with President Trump. He come out of that. He was um a reporter was talking to him and he said, "This has to be a move of God. This has to be a move of God." And you ought to seen them. There was 40 or 50 preachers in that room with at the White House. They were saying that that God was devoid of the White House the last four years, which he was, but he's still devoid. But he's under a new guise now. Remember the twins? They looked alike, but one was of a different material. That's why folks, we thank God we had a prophet to warn us where that system is and what it's going to do to us. That denominational system will take them into chaos. But what it's going to do is it's going to squeeze us out of here because we know the truth and the truth will set you free. I'm not worried about what's going on up there, but you look and you see the sign. The Bible says that peace, peace, there'll be sudden destruction. The Bible says craft will prosper. All these different things are going to be good, wonderful, satisfy the sensation of the body. Amen. This is good. This is that this must be a move of God. Even Jensen Franklin right up here in Gainesville, he stood up and he said, "The reason Trump didn't get shot was because of God." And I said, "That's absolutely the truth. They just don't understand the God that they're dealing with." But thank God for truth. It's, you know what? That's going to put us in a hard place. Constantine, you know, they've already said that he was he's acting just like Constantine. What did Constantine do? He persecuted Christians. 68 million people were killed under the Christian crusade. So much said by Constantine. And he was absolutely killing the true bride. It's a wonderful time, but it's a hard time. But I'm telling you, you either get in or you're going to be out. Amen. The arc door is fixing to close. I'm sorry, but God bless you. May he be resurrected again in your life. May he resurrect your body because thank you for sitting here for all this time. I appreciate that. I don't I'm not going to say it won't happen again. But anyway, go ahead. God bless you. Thank you everybody. Let's worship the Lord just for a few minutes. Like a burning prison I found. No need and proise. Sorrow I fell. Then Jesus came and listen to me. And glory to God. He set me free. Hey, listen. If you're a free man, you can do this. If you're free today, you can do this. You have no bond. You have nothing attached to you. The chains of the devil is off of you now. Just accept it. Glory to God. He set me free. I was dead and now I'm alive. I come from God and now I'm going back to God. I may not act like I'm 100%, but God's helping me to get there. My feet are the word of God is clean. There's no dirt in the nation. Lord God, he set me free. He set me free. And he broke the bonds of ris for me. I'm going down my Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. [Music] and things I confound. You can't get rid of it today. Turn me around. Daily I'm working. I pray you. Glory to God. I'm going through life. Oh, he set me free. Oh, he set me free. He broke the bonds of prison for me. I'm glorify Jesus to see for glory to God. He said now I am climbing higher each day. Darkness of night has drifted away. Like your plane on higher ground. Glory to God. I found he set the right hand. He set me free. He set me free. Prison glory. I'm glory bound. He set me free. How do you mean that? Glory to God. He set free. Oh, you're going to be the happiest people in the world. He set me free. Yes. He set me free. He broke up on the prison for me. I glorify my Jesus. And glory to God. Jesus set me free. Say your time as your kn. He set me free. Yes. He set me free. He broke the bond [Music] rising my Jesus to see and glory to God. He set me free. Once like a burden prison I dwell. No freedom from my sorrow I fell. Then Jesus came and listened to me.
