################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-26 - 25-0426 - Actions Speak Louder Than Words -Chris Long - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-26
Title:   25-0426 - Actions Speak Louder Than Words -Chris Long
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0-6ci_CCNE
========================================

seems so strange. And all right, but I appreciate the Lord. He's given me a good long life so far. Yes, sir. There was a I'm the oldest of the kids that my daddy and mama had, and there ain't but one living and she's the youngest. So, God's been good to us. Amen. And I appreciate him calling me when he did. You know, it's strange that I never dreamed I was fixing to get saved when I did. Uh my wife come down with three little boys dressed up going to church one Saturday and I said, "Uh, if you wait, I'll get ready to go." Amen. Hallelujah. Well, I went sitt there on the bench. There's a woman preacher down at the hen house. All right. at Trinity Church where all my people was going. And as a woman got up and tried to preach, Brother Wade, and she complained about having a house full of kids and had to go preach. Mhm. She read one scripture. I couldn't tell you what it was. Right. Right. I sit right there and the baby we had, Tracy. He was a baby at that time. And when church is over, I never dreamed I smoke my last cigarette out there in my car that night. Amen. I ain't I ain't had one in my mouth since. Yeah. But I went to the altar that night. I mean, nobody begged me to go. I went. There you go. And there's some people that had the Holy Ghost. Amen. They might not know everything that I know or have come up like I do. You been one God. That's right. But they had the spirit of the Lord on them and they helped pray me through. I tried to but took a little more than that. I went about 3 months and about decided I have to come a baptism. I repented and I couldn't get the Holy Ghost. But I was on the right track. Yes, sir. You were. I repented. Next day I got baptized in Jesus name. Water. Yes. And the Bible said do that. Yes, it did. Well, I just kept holding out and sure enough, one night I went down there again and went up. The Lord spoke to me and things ain't been the same since. Come on. Amen. But I was supposed to not up here taking your time. I I just appreciate brother way inviting us down. Amen. Let's all bow our head. We'll pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you, Lord, for this time of fellowship. Lord, we know that you believe in that. Yes. Our prophet taught us that. Yes. And Lord, we know we come together for one purpose. That's to worship you, Lord. Amen. Yes sir. And Lord, we know that's needful in the day we live in. Or you told Nicodemus when he recognized the God gift of God being with you said no man could do the things you do unless God be with him. Amen. But you told him, Lord, man had to be born again. And Lord, we're thankful for that that we got born again. The Bible said in Acts 4:12, "There's no other name given under heaven," Amen. except the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, we pray for your blessing on the service today. Bless Brother Wade, the pastor, and all the ones that labor and work to bring the service like it is, ones that prepare food and things of that nature. But most of all, we'd like to see you, Lord. Amen. Come, Lord Jesus. Amen. Bless your people in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless [Music] [Music] you. Amen. God bless you. Just go over these prayer requests right quick here. Uh let's see here. All right. Um, we have one new prayer request here just turned in. Sister Janine says, "Pray for my manager Andy. He's coming back to work May 1st after a long mental uh break." So, pray for Andy, her u manager. And then also, uh, my family um, my sister and her family lost their cat. U, let's pray for that family, especially for my nieces. It's really hard for the young ones to lose a pet that's so dear to them. So, and also that girl we had mentioned in Kentucky that got kicked in the face. She continues to need uh prayer. She's doing good, but uh just continue to hold her up in prayer um emotionally too in that situation. And uh brother Chris, I'll be ministering for us today. And also remember all these upcoming meetings. Uh they were on the slides before the service there as announcements, but just remember those. Uh continue to pray for these meetings coming up. And um all in unspoken requests, let's go Lord in prayer again. Heavenly Father, we thank you for touching all these requests. Lord, the hands were lifted for and all those uh um the spoken requests. Lord, also we mentioned, Lord, touch's boss um coming back to work. Lord, be with him. I pray, Lord, help him with the mental uh problems he was having and also help um my family their morning for the loss of their cat and all the others uh that we mentioned. Lord, all those who have uh mentioned, we've mentioned recently, Lord, with the uh cancers, Lord, many on the cancer list. We've been holding up in prayer, Lord. uh Lisa Street, Brother Christian Eugene, Becky D, Kellos Walker, and David Matthysse. Continue to touch them, Lord. Be with Brother Wade and Sister June this coming week on their trip and also the Jamaica trip coming up for them. And uh touch sister Dell, Lord, and all the others we've been praying for, the girl in Kentucky that was injured by the horse. And uh be with all those on the way, Lord. Keep them safe, Lord. Come in here. Bless us in the service for your glory. I pray and love you and thank you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you and be seated. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love till there's just no more love. For I can never ever out love the Lord. Oh, I want to live the way he wants me to live. And I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love for I can never ever out love my Lord. I'll just be a prayer. Oh, I want to live the way he wants me to live. And I want to give until there's just no more to give. I won't love. Oh love till there's just no more love. For I can never ever out love my Lord. When with the Savior we enter the glory land. Won't it be wonderful [Applause] there? And in the troubles and cares of this story land. Won't it be wonderful there? Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Having no burdens to bear, joyously singing with our bells are ringing. Won't it be wonderful there? I'm walking and talking with Christ. Won't it be wonderful there? Praise and adore in the matchless eternal one. Won't it be wonderful there? Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Having no burdens to bear. Joyously singing with heart bells are ringing. Won't it be wonderful there? There where the tip is will never be sweeping us. It be wonderful there. Sure that forever the Lord will be keeping us. It be wonderful there. Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Having no coins [Music] together, joyously singing with our bells all ringing. Won't it be wonderful? Let's sing that second verse again. Walking and talking with Christ the so. Won't it be wonderful there? Raising adore in the matchless eternal one. Won't it be wonderful there? Oh, won't it be wonderful there? Having no burdens to bear. Joyously singing when heart bells are ringing. Won't it be wonderful there? Oh, give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning. Give me all in my lamp, I pray. Yes. Give me all in my lamp. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burned till the break of [Music] day. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the kings of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing. Hosanana to the King of Kings and give me joy in my heart. Keep me praising. Oh, give me joy in my heart. I pray and give me joy in my heart. Keep me praising, praising, praising. Keep me praising to break the day. I will sing and sing. Hosana sing. Hosana sing. Hosana to the king of kings. Sing. Hosana sing. Hosana sing. Hosana to the king of king. And give me peace in my heart. Keep me loving. Have you got peace? Give me peace in my heart. I pray. Oh give me peace in my heart. Keep me loving and keep me loving till the break of day. Oh sing hosana sing hosana sing hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Oh and give me love in my heart. Keep me serving. Oh give me love in my heart I pray. And give me love in my heart. Keep me serving. Keep me serving till the break of day. Oh sing hosana sing hosana sing hosana to the king of kings. Sing hosana sing. Hosana sing. Hosana to the King of [Music] Kings. There is come in a day where no heartache shall come and no more clouds in the sky and no more tears to dim the eyes. All is peace forever more. Oh, that happy golden shore. What a day, a glorious day that will be. Oh, what a day that will be. And by Jesus I shall see. Oh when I look upon his face, the one who saved me, saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, glorious day that will be. And there will be no sorrow there, no more burdens to bear. Oh, no more sickness, no pain and no more pardon. over there. And forever I will be with the one who died for me. Oh, what a day. What a glorious day that will be. Oh, can you praise him this evening? Oh, what a day that will be. When my Jesus I shall see. And when I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace. When he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, a glorious day that will be. Oh, just sing it to a voice for. Oh, what a day that will be. When will my Jesus I shall see. When I look upon his face, the one who saved me by his grace when he takes me by the hand and leads me through the promised land. What a day, a glorious day that will be. Hallelujah. Amen. I know we sing these songs, but I believe that's a reality. I know it's something spiritual, but that's going to be a reality one day, and we look forward to that. Amen. Brother Luis, would you come this evening and take up our tithes and offering bow our heads? Lord Jesus, thank you once again here together. Yes. Lord, believers alike, precious faith. Lord, we just appreciate your presence, Father God. We ask Lord that you just have your way Lord God. Bless the rest of the song service, the preaching that will go forth. May Father we just have open ears to hear your word Lord. Father may you bless the tithe and offering now and bless the ones that can give and even the ones that cannot give. Bless them equally Lord Jesus. We ask these things now in Jesus Christ. Sing I will enter his gates like he is se. Amen. And I hope you come to praise the Lord this afternoon. You come to worship him in spirit and in the truth of his word. Are you here for that? You come expecting. Then the Lord will meet you. Amen. Oh, I will enter his gaze with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his heart with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he already glad this afternoon. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. And I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, I will his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his court with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made and I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad to He has made me glad. Made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad and I will rejoice for he has. Let's all stand this evening. I will lure his gaze with thanksgiving in my heart. I will with praise. Say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me. How many are glad today? Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. Wow. Glad to be a Christian. Glad to be in the bride of Jesus Christ. Glad to have eternal life. Glad to have our health. Glad to be fellowship together. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Amen. Everybody happy today. Amen. Thank you for assembling together. God bless our sister and her family. Uh just make yourself at home visitors back there and just uh worship the Lord the way you worship the Lord. And we appreciate you. And uh we're going to call brother Chris out here in just a second. Now when we get finished, we got plenty to eat downstairs. So we'll have a meal afterwards. Um and then time of fellowship and we'll fellowship around the word of God here, then fellowship around the food downstairs. And please everyone stay. So God bless you. Good to see Nathan and Caitlyn and the and the boys today. Good to have them with us. And brother Joel, Sister Vanessa, always good to see you. And I'm glad Chris brought Joanna. I just wish we appreciate all them. Let's sing. Word of God ever true. There's nothing that's true in this world except the word of God. Jesus is not here in flesh. He's in your flesh, but he's in your flesh by the word. So the word made manifest is perfect and eternal. And we just going to keep eating it and keep eating it and keep eating it till we get out of here. So let's sing. He were all preserved for our wall in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life, words of hope gives us strength, helps us go in this world. Wherever we run, the word of God will guide us. Thank God for that. He guided you to the truth. It's ever true. Changing me and changing you. God bless you, buddy. Feel like the word of God in holy words of our faith and death to his life through sacrifice. Oh he the precious words of Christ. Amen. Holy word. Yes. Long reserve. Yes. Lord in this world may resound with God's own heart. Oh let the word of God impart. Oh word of God is changing me. Yes and changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. Amen. Thank you. I like that. Let's let that happen this evening, shall we? Absolutely this afternoon. God bless you all and Amen. Greet you in the name of the Lord as always and a pleasure to be in the house of the Lord with y'all. And and to those online, on the hookup, wherever you're at, God bless you. Um, I I want to first of all thank brother Wade and the church here for allowing us to come and have put some confidence in us concerning God's word and of course I don't have to I could tell you over and over but uh God's word is my life. Yes, sir. Because it is the only life there is to me. I also want to say uh God bless and and a special uh greeting I guess you'd say. uh something in my heart. I wouldn't even know you folks if it wasn't for brother Juel Forny and the Lord leading him. So I want to thank brother Juel and Sister Vanessa for for coming to to be with us. Um that that is exactly how that I was introduced to your pastor and to this group here. So God bless you all. I guess I should just get right into the word, huh? That Yeah. All right. Brother Luis says, "Yeah, could you please? I'm good. I'm good with that. I I'm I'm I'm not planning on keeping you a long time. Um and since I have two services here, one this afternoon and one tomorrow morning, I'm I'm just kind of kind of set up tomorrow morning service if I could. Um you know, it's I've always preached this, God's word is like a puzzle. So, let's just get the box and pour it out and let's flip over the pieces and get ready to put the puzzle together, shall we? And of course, I am still uh I've been ministering on the resurrection, of course, moving on up to Easter, which was last weekend or and of course I know that it's the anniversary of the resurrection of the Lord. But every day, Amen. Every day you get up, you are testifying of the resurrection of the Lord. Amen. So, I don't think there's any reason for us to stop because brother Brandham says some profound things to us about that resurrection. And I'll quote two of them to you. One, the resurrection lays within you. Amen. Two, you have the power to lay your life down and to raise it up again. But it's got to be him and you doing it. It cannot be you yourself. We can barely get out of bed. Amen. Let alone raise oursel from the dead. Amen. Romans 8:11 if you would. This is very familiar scripture to all of us. Of course, uh they asked me for a title and I got it written down here. Uh actions speak louder than words. Amen. Now, there's a catch in there and you just haven't you just haven't thought about it yet. Actions have a voice. Yeah. Because they speak. They do. And that's the reason why we are here this evening. Amen. So, let me find myself over in Roman somewhere. Amen. I'm glad it's here in these pages or I might not find it. Amen. Amen. But I know the scripture and I love it. And Romans says, oops. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth. Yes, in you. Let's pray. Father, wonderful, wonderful portion of scripture, Lord, we're relying on you now, Father, to come down and speak to us, Father, through the agency of your Holy Spirit, who is the author of this very word that we have just written. Father, we love you and we thank you and we ask for your help now. We ask, Father, that you'd allow me to move out of the way. Yeah. Father, that you'd use me, Father, as a vessel, Father, in conjunction with the carrier of your word. And God, that the hearers here and abroad, Lord, would have their ears tuned, Amen. and attentive, Father, to what you have to say to us in this very hour. We give you all the honor, the glory, and the praise in the wonderful name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Now, I know that seems like an odd title maybe to the thoughts that I'm going to start out with. Um, but but it's just been uh Thank you. I don't need that thing. I wouldn't know how to use it anyway. But maybe Wade can teach me. All right. But really, my thoughts are on something that um that will that will work its way into that title. And that is of course uh been studying the restoration of the bride tree. Been been looking into that and and of course the resurrection as we preached last Sunday at our Easter service is my interest is not not just solely focused of course on the resurrection that took place 2,000 years ago. But that resurrection preceded another. That's why I read Romans 8:11 to you. It appears as though there is more than one resurrection. Is that right? Now, if you read your Bible, you find out that there is more than one resurrection. But somebody had to pave the way. Somebody had to break the mold. Somebody had to take death, hell, and the grave and conquer it. Amen. Now, we know that that was God himself in the form of a man. Amen. Amen. Uh as as we were traveling here from from Phoenix to Atlanta and then driving up here, I was in the airplane and and uh in the row in front of me where it was a packed plane, no seats available hardly at all. And there was three people in front of me uh that in this in the row in front of me that had never met before, but they began a conversation. Now that's a threeh hour and 35 minute flight. And they started in on each other and they were going at it for three hours and 30 minutes. Amen. And when we got landed in Atlanta and everybody's getting up and the guy behind me is like, "Woo, those woo." And the guy over here is like, "Man, those because they were talking about the election. They were talking about Genesis. They were talking about Revelations. They were talking about they talked about everything in the spectrum." Yeah. And of course, my wife was another row over and back, and she could hear one of them talking quite loudly, a a Jewish man. They I'm surprised the fight didn't break out in the airplane because they were talking about their support of Israel. Yeah. Okay. You can imagine on a in a mixed audience, in a mixed crowd, you would have people that were would be just as bold against it. We see it. But brothers and sisters, all of those things are not really my interest. Yeah, as they got to the part about Israel and of course they talked about the pope and we all know that last Monday the pope passed away and there's going to be another one. And of course on Wednesday night I I brought out the the the the quotation that brother Brandham mentions about in Acts of the Holy Spirit uh a pope being brought watch how he says it now being brought out of the United States. Doesn't necessarily have to be a citizen. No. What you may or may not be aware of is many of the world leaders, many of the politicians in this world, many of the chics in the Middle East, the richest people in the world supposedly, many of the drug cartel. Yes. Captains. And many of the religious leaders have gotten their education in this nation. Absolutely, brother. Amen. Did you know that? Yes, sir. rulers, who are ruling powerful nations got their education here. So when you see the prophet saying brought out of the United States, we're all focusing on who's the guy. Right. Amen. Amen. It goes deeper than that. See, as brother Wade and I were talking, a prophet can see things that that that that are far far beyond. And even the prophet doesn't always know why or exactly what he's saying it for. He sees a picture. He see he can see over the mountain tops and he can see past the horizon. And he and he's made that way. He doesn't do it on purpose. As a matter of fact, he really can't operate it the way you and I think that it can be operated. It just happens because that's a vessel God chose. right now. I believe in the same sense God chose you and I to be a vessel maybe not to broadcast what is seen beyond the horizon, but to be on the other side of that horizon and to receive it. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Because what good would a broadcast do if nobody was going to listen? Right. Amen. What good would it do to prophesy if there was nothing to ever bring it to pass? Right. Amen. Okay, brother. So now I'm speaking about resurrection. And how that we believe, I believe, I believe you're here because you believe that Jesus Christ, the son of God, rose from the dead. Or we're of men most miserable and we are wasting our time. Amen. Right. And I don't believe there's anybody in here who thinks that they should be wasting their time. Come on, brother. All right. So, I began to see something that's very common to everybody of of course. So, I'm going to start out today with with this thought. There are two trees. Amen. Amen. Right. There are only two trees. Amen. Oh, no, brother. We got the maples and we got the this and we got that. I'm not talking about those trees. Come on, brother. I'm talking about the two trees that started this all off. Amen. Now, can we do the Can we Can we do a a Bible study? Yeah, sure. Amen. You all know these things, but turn to Genesis, would you? I Genesis chapter 2. Because my prayer, brothers and sisters, isn't that brother Chris Long gets up here and preaches to you a message that's pleasant to your ears. Yeah. It's that God would use me as his tool in his hand to provoke you to draw closer to him. That is my interest. And as you draw closer to him under this provocation, I'm in it with you. Yeah. Amen. I I want the floodgates to open. And I want us all to be washed in by the blood. Amen. So Genesis 2 verse 9, we could do verse eight. And the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden. And there he put the man whom he had formed. And out of the ground made the Lord God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight and good for food. So this tree has a compound purpose. Amen. the tree of life also in the midst of the garden and the tree of knowledge of good and evil. Amen. And then of course it goes on to talk about the rivers that go out of the garden. And verse 15, drop down there and it said, "And the Lord God took the man and put him into the garden of Eden to dress it and to keep it." Yes. So I got here written in my notes that wait a minute now. Adam was not born in the garden. Amen. Right. He was put there. All right. Now, God has a plan. Amen. We're going to read about it in a minute. He's got a plan. And I believe the more you involve yourself personally in the plan of God, the more the plan of God begins to open up to you and you come to an understanding of it. Now, I know there's places in the scripture and in the message, and I believe them just as much as the other side of it. You don't have to understand anything to begin this walk, but as you walk, you begin to come to an understanding of why you're walking. Amen. Amen. Okay. Amen. So, it's a two-edged sword. No, you don't have to understand it. But yes, if you get on the one edge of the same sword, you'll begin to go down to the point and rise up and turn back and begin to understand why you're on the other edge. Amen. Okay. So, we we these things are important. Why? Because the devil is spending all his time working you and I over. Amen. Nonstop 24/7. You can get on that internet all day and all night. Right. Amen. I'm using that as an example. Of course. Amen. Right. It's a dangerous tool. Yeah. Yes. It has some positive usefulness. Yes. But it's like saying people kill people. Guns don't kill people. Very rarely does a gun go off by itself. It could happen, but very rarely. That's right. And if it could happen, very rarely does it hit its target. That's right. It takes it takes an intelligence behind it. Amen. That's right. Right. Now, saying those things, I want you to realize that the same intelligence that put these scriptures in place that we just read and permitted there to be two trees. Absolutely. Amen. Think about the prophet of God talking with a man on his front porch. The man's an agnostic or an atheist or whatever his title was. walked around the countryside there for 60 or 70 years and never seen God. Y Well, he was looking for God in all the wrong places. That's right. Okay. And the prophet of God feels inspired. Perhaps he saw a vision, but he felt inspired to begin to say, "Now, let's take this tree for Can I have one of them apples off that tree?" Now, you all know the story, right? it that that that story of that tree. But here's here's what got me. Now remember, I'm preaching to you today on two trees. What got me was Brother Brham used an example that if the devil could get you to believe it, he would use. Yeah. So if I put a bucket of water on that post, remember that? Right. So, what is going to tell that bucket of water to go to? Well, it ain't ain't going to happen. But the devil is going to try to convince you that it can. Right, man. Because he does not want you to understand the nature of God by understanding the nature of God. Right. Amen. The sack goes down. And we know this. I live in high country where there's pine trees and a few hardwood trees. I have a few uh small scrub oak in the midst of my pine trees on my property. And without any kind of a sign or an indication, what is wrong with that aspen tree? What is wrong with that oak tree? The leaves are starting to turn yellow. Yep. Right. What is yellow? It's the color of death. But notice something about those yellow leaves. As winter is going to approach, some intelligence told the sap and those trees, it's time to leave. That's right. Wh why why would it be time to leave? Because winter is coming. Yep. It's going to get cold and that sap is going to freeze inside and that tree is going to die. Amen. That's right. Amen. Now remember, I'm preaching to you on Oh, yeah. See, where's my wife? She'll laugh. I had a hanger for my jacket back there, and I moved it up here. And I keep walking back there to hang it. All is well. All is well. Now, brothers and sisters, this may just seem like a common message to you, but you just please hang on. That's right, brother. Amen. Because we're going to find out something about God's word. Amen. Amen. We're going to find out that because there are true trees and those trees were allowed by God to be planted in that garden. Yes. That actions speak louder than words. Amen. No matter how loud the words are. Listen now. And no matter who said them. Amen. And I'm including God in that. Amen. Because he knew his words would produce something once he spoke them. So they would speak action. Amen. Right. Amen. You can talk about resurrection all day and all night and all year and all your life, but without somebody actually performing it, they will begin to fall on deaf ears. Amen. After a while, it'll be eat, drink, and be merry, for the Lord delayeth his coming. As a matter of fact, I'm not sure there even is a Lord. Yeah. And just because he said he was coming and he hasn't gotten here yet. I I've looked around this place for all my life. I ain't seen him. See how that man, right, was being was being used? Well, who was using that man? Do you think that that man would also confess that I haven't seen the devil on my property for 70 years? I want you to think about there's two trees now. And I also want you to understand before I go any further that you and I represent one of those two trees. Amen. So if there was two trees and there was two different trees, they had to get their start from two different seeds. Amen. Amen. All right. Now, I want you to go over to Genesis 3. You're there. You're close. And people would dispute with the prophet about the serpent seat. Yeah. But there shouldn't be if they was Bible believers. I could see if an atheist is I don't believe that Bible so why should I accept that but somebody who who believes that the Bible is God's word would read verse 15 in Genesis 3 Amen and they would have to admit listen now let's do 14 and the Lord God said unto the serpent because thou hast done this thou art cursed above all the cattle and above every beast of the field upon thy belly shalt thou go and dust shalt thou shall eat all the days of thy life. Yep. And he's still eating dust. That's right, brother. Because when you and I die, that's all that's left. That's right. Amen. And I will put enmity, that means hatred. Bold hatred, strong hatred, between thee and the woman. And remember, the woman is a type of the church. Amen. And between thy seat. Now, here's God talking to the serpent and he uses the term thy seed. So, the serpent has a seed. Amen. The misunderstanding of people is that they're focusing on the wrong tree. Amen. They're looking at the physical world we live in and they can't figure out where the serpent is cuz God changed him into a snake. They will find I don't care. I'm gonna quote the prophet. I don't care what anybody tells you. Now, Brother Brandham said this. I don't care where it comes from. If anybody tries to tell you anything that's different from this Bible, don't you believe it. Amen. That's right. Now, it doesn't say they're not going to come and tell you. Oh, yeah. It doesn't say that you're not going to hear what they're saying. It says don't believe it. That's right. That is the number one stage of the journey for you to go any further with God. Otherwise, it's an intellectual conception and somebody talked you into it, even if it was your own subconscious, and it will talk you out of it. Right, brother? Amen. Yes. So, the best thing you could do is not listen. Amen. That's right. Amen. Don't listen to anything contrary, but people do it. It's human nature. Amen. Some call it curiosity. Yeah. You if you're curious, you only got one life. You're not your cat. Yeah. Try it, brother. One life is all you got, brother. Amen. Take good care of it. Amen. All right. Amen. That's what Adam was told to do by God in this garden was, "I'm putting you here. There are two trees. One of them you can eat off of anytime you want. And the other one, don't touch it." Amen. My brother. Amen. Now, how you going to get a gardener? Yeah. Come on, brother. To not pull up the weeds. Don't touch it. Yeah. Because if you do, so Adam had to leave that tree alone. He couldn't prune it. He couldn't eat the fruit. He couldn't even gather the fruit from it. Amen. Think about it now. See, now God's giving you and I a warning. Yes. You stay as far away from the tree of knowledge of good and evil as possible. I'm not talking about in the natural world. Well, brother, that means we can't go to the doctor because brother Bam said that that that was the tree of knowledge of good and evil working its best. Right. Right. Right. But he also told us because he's talking to a natural, dying, corrupt, sick human being. He's talking to us and he's telling us something. He's he's telling us that the tree of knowledge of good and evil is there for a purpose. That's right. Amen. Right. That's right. But that tree is not the tree you're to you're to get your nutrients from. It's there for one purpose. It was put there because God's fornowledge knew there would be a fall and people would get sick and they would run to the doctor. Right. We're good with that. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. But once the doctor has closed his book, folded up his glasses, put them in the pocket, put your charts in his folder, and said, "I can't do nothing for you." Amen. Come on, brother. There's still another tree. Amen. There's still another tree. All right. So, let I'm just I'm having a good time now. All right. So, we can see here in Genesis 3:15 that there's two different seeds. Amen. Two different seeds will produce two different trees. Huh? Amen. Can I take off now? Go ahead. Listen. Now I'm going to shift gears. I'm going to read to you a few paragraphs and preach out of them if you'll let me. On the seed shall not be heir with the shock Los Angeles, California 42965. And guess what? It was at breakfast. Right. I like breakfast. Around God's table. Amen. That's right. I can go on that. Amen. Listen to what he says. He was God. Paragraph 79. The logos. Yeah. The word that went out of God. Wait a minute. He was God and then he was the word that went out of God. Oh yeah. Amen. We're in John 1:1 now. That's right. And John 1:14. See, so actions speak and the words are heard and they bring forth. That's right. All right. When he began to brood upon the earth and brought forth marine life, when the spirit of God, the logos, the word which God said, "Let there be." And there went the logos which is the word. Now have you all ever taken the time to listen to the questions and answers and and answers on Genesis about the first 15 pages. Brother Brandham goes into how this all came about. Amen. First of all, there was nothing right now. Brother Brandham uses the term darkness. But the scripture says God is light. So how can there be darkness where there is God? Because your eyes do not pick up the light of God. God permitted it to have its picture taken once or twice in our known modern civilization. That is a supernatural light. It is not a normal light. So if you can't see the supernatural light and you were before there was anything brought into existence, you couldn't see the light and it was dark. Amen. There's darkness. That's good. Right. But we believe in a supernatural light. That's what's burning in your soul right now. I dare you to see it. Amen. When they do open heart surgery, They don't see that light. No. Well, we're told by a prophet from God who made this body, not the prophet God. That there is a light, a space, a room for a light in your actual heart muscle cavity. I've seen it cuz I went to one of them their displays of how they took the body and sliced it up into little thin paper slices. And I I I wanted to remediate. I didn't care about none of that. I wanted to get right over there to the little display where the heart muscle was. And sure enough, about the size of an almond shaped like an almond. Does that ring a bell? Yeah. I know about a dead almond. Amen. That was brought to life in the light of God. Amen. Aaron's rod budded. Amen. In that holiest of holy places because the light of God came down and met with it. Now, brothers and sisters, you and I got to meet with that same light. Amen. We ain't going to get there on how well we think. Amen. We're not even going to get there on how well we live. But once that light comes into you, then its actions begin to speak and they become louder than your words, the brother Brandham said. And he said, "You live me a sermon, right? Long before you preach me one. Live it." See that light? See that light coming? And brother Bram says, "This same light was brooding." Yes. Okay. Oh yeah. Amen. He said it was brooding over the earth. Amen. And it said, "Let there be." And there went the logos, which is the word. And the word Now, brothers and sisters, I want to I could preach a whole message on three paragraphs right here. We think the word is the letter. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Right. Now, people are like, "Oh, what's he gonna say?" I can't say amen because I don't know what he's gonna say, but I understand that the letter kleth. That's right, brother. Amen. So this same book that I hold in my hand that has the words of life in it, Amen. can also kill you. That's right. If you don't keep them, you die. Same words. Same words are so powerful that the prophet of God, allowing me to paraphrase, said, "The very same message that you hear preached will be the same message that judges those Amen." at the judgment. Amen. Amen. Amen. And he also says that there's three kinds of believers in every church. That's right. Now, now, now I realize that we're all humans here and we're and some of us are kind of still on the edge and some of us have been uh put into a position where somebody's introduced an idea where, yeah, I'm not sure about that. Yeah, I'm not talking to that believer. That's right. Amen. I'm talking to you. That's right. Amen. You are three kinds of believers. Amen. Each one of us is three kinds of believers. Amen. Yes, we are. This corruptible body of flesh has never believed a word I said or it would be young and handsome and have hair. Yeah. Amen. It wouldn't have stooped shoulders. It wouldn't have pains. All right, brother. Amen. unbeliever. Yeah. But there's a man in the engine room. Amen. Amen. And he is the believer because he has come across the path of the light of God that the human eye cannot see. That's the reason why it looked like there was just darkness. Right. But God began to brood over himself and he began to bring birth of himself into a world that did not yet exist. Amen. You understand that? That's what creation is. God was not created. Right now, the word God lends itself to be defined as an object of worship. Right. Amen. But we believe in the life that's in that God. That's right. That's the actions that I'm speaking of. Anybody can say anything they want, but can they bring life into it? Can they bring it up from nothing into a living vibrant breathing? Amen. That's the God we serve. Right, brother? At least I believe that's the God we serve. Amen. And the word begin to because all this was in the logos. I want you to get in the logos. Amen. Now the word logos in your Bible, I carry a scullfield not because so much brother Brandham carried one. I like some of the things that are in it and the references it makes. And Dr. Scullfield tells us that the word logos. Yeah. Are you ready? does not mean word like you and I define it. That's right. Amen. The word logos means thought. Yeah. Amen. Or concept. But I'll stay with the with the definition thought. Yeah. This was all taking place in what you and I would recognize as creatures of time as the mind of God. Amen. Right. Brother, a thought. Yeah. Now, you and I get thoughts, but our thoughts are held hostage and they're captive. Yeah. Amen. That's it. By the boundaries of what makes us up. Yes. But not God's. His thoughts, his words speak action. Amen. You with me? Amen. Actions speak louder than words. What is the original seed? Yeah. The spoken word. That's right. But you would not and could not accept it unless what it said came to pass. Amen. That's the action I'm talking about. Right. Good. Now you say, "Well, where you going with this with the trees?" Oh, we'll get there at least by tomorrow afternoon. That's right. Amen. because I'm having a good time. As the logos begin to breathe, a thought has breath. They began to breathe. He says, upon the earth. Come on. Amen. You're going to see in Genesis 2 that God breathed the breath of the logos. breathe the breath of life into Adam and he became a living soul. That same breath Jesus who was God manifest in the flesh. Now watch his actions speak. Breathe on the disciples after his resurrection. And he said, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." They didn't get it right then. Amen. I'll read you in a place where brother Benham said that every time you overcome something, it makes a little bit of room. Yeah, for the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. And he says the more you overcome it, the more certified. Yeah. The the the the more uh how how would I say it? Fortified that space is. Now, the Holy Ghost may not have been there yet, but you're making room for him. just by overcoming. Now, brothers and sisters, we'll overcome something and then the devil whack and we'll fall back and go, "Well, maybe I didn't have what I thought I had when I No, maybe you didn't." But you keep overcoming and that space will become fortified. And that same God who gave you the uncction to overcome will fill that space. But there's more space to fill. He's not done yet. He won't be done until you have been fully restored to what you should have been before the fall. Right. That's right. Believe that with all my heart. Amen. Cuz it's happening to me. It's happening to me personally. Why? Because I'm going to take God at his word. I don't care what the world says. I don't care what the internet says. I don't care what Google says. I don't care what my neighbor says. Amen. I don't even care what my own mentality says. Amen. If God says turn right and my my GPS up here says turn left, I'm turning right. Amen. All right. Because I may be able to get there if I turn left, but I'll be in his permissive will the whole time. Who wants to live their life in the permissive will of God? That's why we're struggling. Amen. There's a man in here who can say amen to every word and that begins to put him on the path of God's perfect will. Amen. Many people don't even seek counsel anymore. Because of the information age we've got. They've got this doctor and that doctor and they've got I mean Amazon will send you your prescriptions. You just tell them what you want. How do you know what you want? How do you know what you need? Well, now I'm talking about the soul. There's only one counsel that I'm interested in. And I believe that God has imputed that into his fivefold ministry that he hath placed some. And that would be the council of his own will. Amen. What a council meeting that would be. Wouldn't you like to show up there? Yeah. Amen. You can read in the Bible where God called a council together to talk about how they was going to get Balam. Y right where God wanted him. Y cuz Balam refused. Y he he he knew God God told him, "Hey, don't you curse them people." Right. That's why the only time during that airplane fight in that three I told the people when we got up, you all wore me out and everybody in the plane just busted up. And the guys looked at me and I said, "You're just nonstop from from three and a half hours." And the reason I said that because I was fishing. Yeah. Cuz I already had my finger in the spot where Daniel said, "Don't worry about Israel." God told, "Don't worry." Gabriel said, "Don't worry about Israel." And when you begin, let me give you some homework. You begin to read Daniel chapter 11 and you're going to go, "Oh, this could be this guy and this could be this guy and this this could be the guy we got now and this could be it's compound. It's been the same guy over and over and over and over. Let me get to the bugs here in a minute." That begin to destroy the tree. Same bugs. Polar worm, cankerorm, caterpillar. Amen. Same bug. Amen. Guess what, brothers and sisters? That bug is in each one of us. Absolutely. Brother Brandham said that same bug and he typed it with the skin worms that are already in you. Oh, germaphobes. Oh, you can't get rid of them. You'll end up like Howard Hughes. A raven maniac. Afraid. Oh, it's coming for me. What's coming for you? Death. That's what really everybody's afraid of. That's why we believe in a resurrection. Amen. Shall I move forward? Amen. Just give me a little more time. And then the logos begin to breathe upon the earth. There come marine life and building up and bird life and up to animal life. And finally, there comes something in the representation or looked like the thing. Right. Right. that was brewing it. And then brother corrects brother Brandham corrects himself and says brooding over it. All right. Amen. Then he says God. That's who's doing the brooding. God. Listen. A man in the very image of God. Amen. What is the ultimate promise to you and I? Resurrection. It's let us make man in our image and after our likeness. Why? Because that's how Amen. the resurrection lays within you. Amen. That's how this temple can be torn down and we'll raise it up again. That's how you can lay your life down and raise it up again. That's how you can make this statement. I came from God. I'm quoting brother Brandham. You just have to go search it out and I'm going back to God. Amen. Because I believe that. And you have to be a believer in order to get there. That's right, brother. Amen. I'm only up here behind this desk today to cheer you on. Amen. Come on. Amen. Let's not sit around warming the bench collecting splinters. Let's get in the game. Well, they won't let me play. Who's they? That's right. God opened this roster up to every single human being that would accept it. Amen. And that's going to be the team. And there's no eye in team as we know that's going to defeat the enemy. Amen. Now, the last enemy is death. Yeah. Right. Well, why are we dying? Right. Come on. Come on. You see what the devil would do with that? He would say, "You see, perhaps Jesus never rose from the dead because you're all dying. Two trees." Y was always meant to be two trees. Yes. It's just that the tree of knowledge of good and evil was never meant to be touched. Yeah. How can I prove that there was there's going to be two trees? Adam, brother Brandham says, was like a tree and his toes were like roots and he was standing there. Now maybe he was moving around before that, but his toes were like roots. And then the breath of life was breathed into him and he became a living soul. So you can even have roots. Yeah. And be dead. Yes. Amen. Twice plucked up. Amen. By the roots. Amen. You get that? Twice. Why would they Why? How? How could you be twice plucked up, Brother Donnie? Because there's two trees. Amen. There's the one you're looking at and the one inside. Amen. There's the tree of knowledge of good and evil, and there is the tree of life. Amen. Amen. Amen. They are both in the midst of the same garden. Amen. Just depends on which one chief feeds the most. As to who comes out on top. Amen. Stop touching that tree of knowledge of good and evil. Again, I have to say this because people like, I can't go to the doctor. Yes, but you can't trust him. I'm just be honest. You you take it in the tree of knowledge of listen now it's good. But you can never get away from the evil cuz it's and not or and evil and we have to do these things. We realize that it's like somebody's saying, "Well, the Lord is going to uh you you guys know the story about the guy it's in the flood and he's on top of the house." Everybody knows that story. Amen. And he's a believer, he thinks. Yeah. And a guy in a boat comes by to get him off and oh, the Lord will rescue me. Pretty soon, a helicopter lowers down a basket and he says, "Nope, the Lord will rescue me." Next thing he finds himself at the the judgment, "Lord, I don't understand. I was down there on the top of the house during the flood and I might put all my trust in you. How come I drone? I sent you a boat and a helicopter. That's right. That's right. See, you can't look at things, brothers and sisters, the way that these eyes interpret them. True, brother. Amen. Something has to be deeper than that. Something has to be greater than that. Now, when you plant a seed, and the reason I brought that up a minute ago is because the woman has a seed, right? Or does she? Yeah. She doesn't have one naturally. No. But God, before the foundation of the world, when he said, "Let us make man in our image and after our likeness, both male and female," said two trees. There's going to be two trees. Yeah. And I'm going to use those two trees to bring my plan to fruition. No pun intended. To fruit. Yes. Amen. But he knew all the time that when he allowed the rib to be taken out of Adam's side, that tree, that's like ungrafting a branch. Amen. That's that he brother Brandham called it a byproduct. Is that right? Amen. That's like grafting in a branch to life, but it not being from the roots of life. It will produce fruit. That's the only Listen, brothers and sisters, please, young people. That's the only thing Satan's got. Yeah. He ain't got you unless you give yourself to him. He ain't got your life unless you lend him your life. Amen. True, brother. Don't forget that. Yeah. When you're under pressure, when the devil is trying to convince you that something's not right and they're having a better time over there, their better time is temporary and they are dying. Amen. Amen. But when the when the God of life of the tree of life anchors in your soul, you don't care anymore. Amen. Yes. I still got aches and pains and I'm not what I used to be, right? I'm not even what I want to be, but I know someday I'm going to be. That's all that matters in this life. But we'll be shoveling dirt on you in no time. Right. Two trees. Yeah. Come on, brother. Okay. Yeah. I better keep moving. You're good. Listen now. Brooding over it, God. A man in the very image of God, that man fell. Yep. How could he fall? The same way God sent John the Baptist to begin the process of destroying the tree of knowledge of good and evil. Amen. John the Baptist, the third use of the spirit of Elijah, God put an axe in his hand and he didn't chop the limbs off. God did that. He pruned those limbs. The Bible says, "But John's job was to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and he began to lay the axe to the root of the tree." Amen. Amen. But the fourth time, God chose to use the spirit of Elijah. The third time was handed off to the fourth time. How do I know that, brother Luis? because it opens up Malachi 4 with there will be neither root nor branch. I'm going to take this thing down to where it cannot bring forth. No seed, no fruit, no branches, no leaves, no bark, no life. Right. Amen. Well, the devil is just an impersonator, right? So that's why he's got his four bugs working. That's right. Amen. Who mentioned to me the fourth man in the fire? Yeah. Just before I come out for service, the fourth, it was brother Joseph, the fourth man in the fire. Everybody says, "Oh, the number four is a bad number." It's also the number of deliverance. But people get confused. Watch this. There's the father, the word, and the spirit. And these three are one. Is that right? Well, I've heard men preach that makes four. They don't understand God's math. That's right. That's right. The fourth man in the fire was the number of deliverance to deliver the first three. They were all one. Listen, if he if he had not become one with the Hebrew children, they would have got pretty crisp. They didn't even smell like smoke. They didn't even have an eyelash curled up. Amen. They still had hair in their ears. Yeah. Amen. Amen. Think about it. These three are one. Amen. And that's what God is portraying to you and me through the end time message. Listen, brothers and sisters, the message is not new. It's been around since the angels were in heaven and there was no earth yet. That's right. Amen. Because I want to ask you this. What were they fighting over? That's right. What was their first estate? Yes. That's right. They were given a word by God and were and told keep it. Yes. All right. Amen. And everybody's talking about all the good preachers, by the way. Oh, this guy's a good preacher. And that my wife and I just laugh. I'm a terrible preacher, but I love the Lord and I love his heritage. And I'll fight to the death for any one of you. Amen. Amen. Right, brother. But the best preacher there is Lucifer. Yes. So good. He's so savvy. He's so He's got so much charisma. Amen. He's Elvis. Yep. He's Michael Jackson. Y he's Mariah Carey. Who's this other girl that's real popular? I can't think of her name in the NFL thing. You know what I mean? Yeah. It doesn't matter. Put all them names in there. Put them all. He's all them wrapped in. Yeah. He is to one. He knows exactly how to hit those strings and bring what's in you out. That's right. Right. But God just asked you and I to do one thing, and that's hang on. Yeah. to the word I've given you. That's what the message of our hour is. It's not so much the voice and the and the and the printing of William Mary and Brandham. He's just a vessel. Really, he was just a carrier of the life. Amen. Now, fortunately, he was like the fourth man in the fire because he went beyond the first three stages. Amen. Amen. But look at what everybody's doing, right? We got to go back to Pentecost. Yeah. Well, then you best find that little room over there in Jerusalem. That's right, brother. Amen. See, because those are carriers of the stages just like brother Brandham told us. And it's so plain. Mary, can you imagine Mary being just a carrier? Right. Be it unto me according to the Bible. Oh, that's a believer. if I ever saw one and meant it and was willing to receive it. Her actions spoke for her words. Amen. But not without an angel. Not without a messenger. A messenger came down and told her who she was. You're blessed amongst women. My church don't have enough pews. Yeah. See, it's a type. A woman and a church are a type. Brother Benham typed Mary as the church. Listen now of the last Pentecostal movement age. Oh, we listen. If you're justified, what stage of the journey is that? But you don't leave justification always is with you. The second stage of the journey is sanctification. You begin. Brother Brandham said, "What God did for you was justify you. What you do for God, I'm quoting Brother Benham, you work out your own salvation with You got to You got to begin to refuse." Yes. The dirt and the filth. Yes. And the garbage and the junk and God's all, "Oh, I can't overcome this. I've had brothers come in the I can't overcome this." You haven't went far enough. That's right. Cuz he's standing there waiting for you to get that far. How else can you explain it? Because God will take it away from you. Listen careful if you're willing to give it up. He doesn't take it if you don't want to give it up. He's a gentleman. But once you're sanctified, you always carry that clean, holy way of thinking and lifestyle. You don't do you throw it out? No. Well, then why would everybody think that Pentecost is something that you you experience for 10 seconds and then I don't need that anymore? Oh, then you never got it to begin with. If you get the life of God in you, no, I can look in my Bible and I can see where the 120 did not have to continue to go back to the upper room. What they did was they took those words into action. Amen. Yeah. And then they had something going on inside of them that nobody else could understand. But there were the thirsty. There were the dying spiritually speaking. And they were looking for the God. Amen. Who resurrected from the grave. And he now is living in the hearts of his children. Listen careful now. Even a tree has a heart. It's the good wood. It's the wood that carries the life. You let that heartwood die, that tree dies. Amen. You keep that life flowing through those veins in that tree. Amen. And it will bring forth fruit. Amen. What kind of fruit, brother Chris? That's what I'm going to preach on tomorrow. Right. Right. Amen. Now, I can go over the fruits of the spirit, but you all know those, but do you know what they taste like? Taste and see that the Lord is good. Please stand. Hallelujah. I'm going to read one more paragraph while you're standing. That same logos, listen now. That same logos has a part. Yes. He has got a bride. Amen. And the same logos. So remember that's a thought. Now this same thought, this word that cannot be tampered with. Come on, brother. And brother Wade and I were talking about how people are tampering with the word left and right. But this word, see, we're not talking about the letter. We're not talking about the carrier. That's right. Right. Let me let me inform you folks of something. You can pick all day long on any of God's prophet messengers and find fault. Just like they found fault with Jesus. Why? Because he was the carrier. Amen. We don't crucify you for being a good man. We're going to crucify you for being a man. Making yourself God. Boom. See? See how? Well, that that man's words don't mean a thing to me, but they do to me. Yeah. That's right. Amen. Something's happened on the inside. Amen. Brothers and sisters. Yes. And it was this very logos. Yes. Amen. It was God's very thought. It was the word of God. There's many words in this book who may not who do not seem to pertain to you. That's right. That's why when the seventh angel had the book in his hand, it was a little book inside of the bigger book. This is not only the lamb's book of life, which is a really small book. It's also the book of life which has everything in it. It's like that man approached brother Bam said, "Well, we we speak where the word speaks and we're silent where the word is silent." Brother Bam said, "Well, Judas hung himself. You go hang yourself, too." Yeah. Amen. See, see, you can't take it that way. You have to have the spirit of the author, which is the Holy Ghost living in you. And then it's a whole new book. Amen. But it's the same old book. It's a whole new Amen. Cuz now you're looking at it through eyes that can see things between the lines. Amen. Brothers and sisters that nobody else can see. You go ahead and try to explain what you believe to somebody. If they're not looking through the same pair of eyes, they will not see it. Don't lose heart. Be confident that the God that allowed you to see it is still available to allow them to see it if it pleases him and it's his will. Amen. You shake their hand and move forward. Amen. Let's pray. Father, we love you. We thank you, Lord. Forgive me for cutting up, Lord, the things that you've given me. But sometimes, Father, the the eagles, they have to have that meat torn into little pieces, Father, so that it can be palatable. and and Lord, their eyes are just bugging out of their head and all they care about is filling their stomach, Lord. But it's still the same food that the mother eagle is giving them. Now, I pray Lord that this message would be digested just like that. Lord, these aren't my words. Father, I don't even believe they're the words of William Marry and Brandham. I believe they're the words of God. Amen. Amen. Spoken through a carrier of the word, just like the ministry, just like the Bible. Amen. Many men in the Bible, Lord, we are shown who have disputed it to be God's word. And Jesus said, "You're all snakes in the grass. You're all liars. You're of your father, the devil." Ouch. Don't let those words come back to haunt us, Lord. I pray, Father, here this afternoon, Lord, that at least a strip of meat has met the beak of the eagle, Lord. And we know in nature, Father, that when there's two eagles in one nest, Lord, sometimes the little eagle dies out because the big eagle just keeps pushing it aside and taking his food away, Lord. But not in your nest, Father. Your nest is different, Lord. Because the prophet of God quoting out of the Bible said, "Your nest is stirred up." Not any one eagle gets all the food. It's distributed, Lord, by the process of stirring. Father, we love you. We thank you, Lord. We pray, Father, that these things would be taken to heart, Lord, not because I spoke them, but because they're truth. They're spoken, Father, from the word of our hour. And they have become the current interpretation of a book that's thousands of years old, Lord. Truthfully, it's perhaps millions of years old. Father, just hasn't been revealed to everyone yet. Lord, if there's any sick amongst us, I pray, even those out on the hookup, Father, that you would touch them, Lord, that you would allow, Father, that precious, wonderful gift of healing, Lord, to abide with them, Father, and that they would accept it, Lord, and take that medicine. Doctors are just experimenting and practicing, Lord, and we thank you for them. But once they reach the end of their line, Father, they cannot help us anymore. That's where you have allowed us the ability to step off of that tree and onto the tree of life. Bless your children and their efforts and their support. Father, brother Wade and Sister June and Father, all those that are here working, Father, and support the word of God through this ministry in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Is that Lord prepare me? Prepare me to be a [Music] sanuary, pure and [Music] holy, dry and true. Thank you. [Applause] Oh, you thank [Music] [Applause] [Music] him. Sanctuary. Sing it to him again. Do you want to be that? He wants to inhabit you. And Lord, prepare me. How's he going to prepare you? By the word of God. Something you can always depend on. Pure and holy, tried and true, with thanksgiving. Thank you, Lord. Be your living. Thanks you for Amen. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. Let's give our brother a hand clap. Good. You know, the Bible tells us that those who endure to the end Yes. shall be saved. Brother Herman, that's about all we got to go on. Yeah. But if you'll endure to the end, you got a promise. That's right. Those who endure heartache, trial, tribulations, all the things goes on in the world. Satan buffeting us all he can. But if we'll endure to the end, we'll be saved. What a promise. But we do have to endure. We're not just going to get to sit in a lounge chair for the rest of our life. No, we got to endure to the end. Right. And we sure appreciate the word of God that we can hang on to it and it will not change can't it can't change. Even if God wanted to change his mind, he can't. He just can't change his mind. He will not change his mind about his word. And he is with us. And we love all of you coming today. And we appreciate you coming and visiting with us. And uh now we got a meal downstairs. We'll go eat some natural food. If you want to just continue to fellowship, we've got all afternoon. There's no uh time limit that we have to get out of here. We own the building, so we can do whatever we want to. So, visitors, go eat first, but get in line and um and fill your stomach and then we've had a good feeling today and let's chew on it and let's come back tomorrow and and as Paul Harvey said, we'll hear the rest of the story and it's going to be good. Amen. All minds clear. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, thank you for this meeting you've given us today. Lord, you gave us a a young brother all the way from Arizona to come out here and speak the words that's been on his heart maybe for days, Lord. And he delivered it, Father, in such a wonderful way, Lord, that we even the children could understand. Now, Father, I pray that we'll chew on that as little eigllets that we'll digest it, Lord, and it'll become a sustainable life for us to live, just as our natural food will in a few minutes. Lord, I pray that you'd sanctify the food downstairs. This one up here has already been sanctified. As our brother said, we continue to go through that sanctification process, the cleaning out of this vessel. Lord, I pray that you'd be with Brother Chris and give him strength. Be with the ones that are here today, Lord, that maybe have to go back home. That you'll bless them, Lord, and keep them safe on the highways. And Lord, we'll come back together tomorrow, Lord, to serve you again one more time and to listen to what you have for us in the end time. We pray these things in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed. If you have nowhere to go tomorrow, we start at 10:00 in the morning. Pure and holy, tried and true. And with thanksgiving, I'll be a [Applause] [Music] living sanctuary for you. Thank you, Lord. Oh Lord, prepare me to be your [Music] sanctuary. You're [Music] holy, oh so tried and true. And with [Music] Thanksgiving, I'll be
