################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-20 - Teaching on Divorce: Daniel Evans - Daniel Evans - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-20
Title:   Teaching on Divorce: Daniel Evans
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8KSkrObIaA
========================================

Pray. Father. Glory to your name. &gt;&gt; Oh, we're so thankful, Father. We're so thankful for your goodness, Lord. We're thankful for the strength that you have given us. Lord, we're thankful for your word. We're thankful for each other. Thankful for your spirit. Father, we pray that you would join us tonight once again. Father, be with us as we open up the Bible and the scriptures. And Lord, give us the wisdom. Give me the wisdom to minister it according to your perfect will in Jesus name. Amen. Praise God. You can be seated. You know, I feel good. I feel really good tonight. And uh I did just drink a Celsius that Daniel had in the back. [Laughter] So So if I talk fast, it was good. I'm not used to that uh artificial stimulant. Um but I, you know, I was after after this morning's service, I was kind of down. And I was just really struggling like u like sometimes you do, you know, you get down and and I was telling a couple people today, Sister Esther, I was telling you and I was telling some others that a spirit has a way of acting and it could be the Holy Spirit of God or it could be an evil spirit from the devil. But a spirit acts different than a flesh and blood person. A spirit comes and it goes. Like when at the very beginning of the Bible it says, "And the spirit of God moved across the face of the deep. It moved and then it comes back." When Jesus when he was being tormented, when he was being tempted by the devil, the enemy's spirit moved on Jesus and then it went away for a little while. And that's how spirits are. They come and they go. And that's how with with the Holy Spirit, we can feel we can just feel that presence of God and we we want it to be there all the time. And we set that standard of it being there all the time. But that's not how the spirit works. It comes and it goes. And that's how the enemy spirit is too. It will it will press on you and press on you and press on you and then it will pull back. And like I said with Jesus, it stayed there for a season. It didn't go away completely when Jesus overcame it. It says and the spirit went away for a season. And for us and and this this afternoon I was just really struggling. I was down and just had a lot of anxiety. And I I called I I texted a friend of mine. You remember when Daniel when in the Bible when the king made the decree and and said, you know, kill all the wise men if you can't tell me my dream. And then what did Daniel do? Daniel called his friends Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo. and he said, "Hey, pray for me." So, I texted a friend who I know loves me very much and I know that he prays and that's Lionel Salazar. And I said, "Hey, bro." I said, "Uh, um, pray for me. I'm struggling this afternoon." And he did. And wow, it just left me just that spirit. And I just feel so good tonight. It's so important that we pray for each other, friends. It is. It is vital and it works. I'm a testimony today. It worked. Brother Lionel prayed for me and I feel great. I feel just I feel really really good and ready to ready to minister tonight. Let's go back to this question. Matthew chapter 5 on marriage and divorce. I want to read these stats again. The divorce rate for first marriages in the United States is 41%. So almost half of first marriages fail. Divorce rates for second marriages is 63%. Over over 70% of third marriages end in divorce. Just those stats say make the first one work. And obviously if you when you get married, no one goes to the altar with failure in mind. But these things should be approached and and when you read when I marry people, I I read the scripture should or the the saying that it says that these things should be approached prayerfully and in reverence in marrying because if you make the wrong marry the wrong person, it's a very difficult life ahead. Divorce rate among Protestant Christians is 51%. And national average is 41%. Why among Protestant Christians is the is the divorce rate so high? It's because that they lump in anyone that that calls themselves a Christian, not Catholic, and say that they are a Christian. It puts them all together and they're not committed to their their faith. So really, why would they be committed to their marriage? They fail. Those marriages fail more often than not. But if you drill down to the more consecrated ones, the ones that actually attend church, that actually are part of a church and have this community of a church. Now it drops from 51 to the national average of 41, it drops down to 28% of marriages fail. And the stats for the Catholics, 19%. And it's because they have a support structure. They have people that care about them. They have a priest that will counsel them through these things. Then when you get down to the Jehovah Witnesses and and the Mormons, it's all the way down to 9%. It shows that dedication dedication to a marriage will help and attending church will greatly help your union. It will greatly help your family. So a successful marriage, you're four times more likely to have a successful marriage really if you are devoted to a church. And that church preaches against divorce. And this church preaches against divorce. So, um, I want to I want to go back to this sermon on the mount and let's read what Jesus said. And I think that I can I can get done with this. I think we'll probably be about 30 minutes. Matthew 5:31. If you can put that up there. We read it this morning. I'm read it again. Jesus speaking. He said, "It has been said that whosoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a writing of divorcement." And I'm I'm going to be reading most of the time from the New King James Version. Um I'll stick with the Old King James from Matthew. So Jesus says again, it has been said. So he's referring to Old Testament scriptures and doctrine. Now he is referring to this writing of divorcement. I want to read it again. I read the New King James Version of Deuteronomy, chapter 24. And Sister Rachel, you're doing a great job. I didn't give you any scriptures, but you're doing a good job. And uh we will uh um continue on with these scriptures. Deuteronomy chapter 24 verse one. When a man takes a wife and marries her and it happens that she finds no favor in his eyes because he has found some uncleanness or indecency in her and he writes her a certificate of divorce, puts it in her hand and sends her out of his house when she has departed from his house and goes and becomes another man's wife. If the latter husband detests her and writes her a certificate of divorce, this lady can't win, and puts it into her hand and sends her out of his house, or if the latter husband dies, who took her as a wife, then the former husband who divorced her must not take her back to be wife after she has been defiled, after she has slept with this other man. For that is an for that is an abomination before the Lord. and you shall not bring sin on the land which the Lord your God has given you as an inher inheritance. Other prophets have referred back to that writing in Deuteronomy. Jeremiah referred back to that um and saying that that this is this is true and and and using that as a a reference. I was on a plane one time. Oh, we were going either to Los Angeles or from Los Angeles. I've never gone to Los Angeles. I just hopped from Los Angeles. It's not a place I ever really wanted to go. But uh Stephanie and I were on a plane and we were sitting I believe um I was sitting on one side of the aisle, she was sitting on the other side of an aisle of the aisle and then there was an open seat and some lady came back during the flight and she sits next to me and she says, "Um, I wanted to see what I was missing. And I looked at her, I said, "I don't know what you're talking about. My wife's right here." And and she was she was like, "No, no, I wanted to see. I felt like something told me to go sit in that open seat." And I said, "Well, what's on your mind?" And she says, "Well," she says, "Church." and she didn't know me. She had no idea who I was or anything. She just came down and sat down. Something led her to sit next to me. And she she said, "I uh my husband left me." And we got, you know, we got in these fights and stuff. He didn't leave her, but they they they split up. They divorced. And of course, it was his fault um because I was talking to her and you know how it is. and and she uh she said so she says I don't know what to do. She says my pastor told me that if my husband writes me a note that says that he releases me that I am able to go and marry someone else. And she says that's what the Bible says. This is the strangest thing. I mean, I'm sitting here, this lady comes and sits next to me and says, "I I need to talk to you about marriage." I'm like, "What?" Um, and she quotes, her pastor had quoted this Deuteronomy to her and said, "Yeah, it's okay if you want to go get remarried as long as he writes you a letter of divorce." This what Moses is talking about, it's modern, pure divorce. That that simple. And I I mentioned irreconcilable differences is what most people say. When you are married, you are going to have irreconcilable differences. There are going to be things that you and your husband have difficulty agreeing on. It could be church. It could be money. It could it could be anything. There are going to be things in your marriage, but those are not reasons for divorce. I was talking to brother John, sister Ann, sister. Oh, no. Uh, they're here. Um, I've already gone too far down. I dove in the water. Um, she I knew you were here. I was just kidding. Um, so, Brother John, I was telling I was talking about the irreconcilable differences and we were kind of laughing about it and and brother John said, "This is how he usually handles things." And sister Anne quoted brother John. She said, "Brother John says that, well, I when you have a difference, I could agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong." And that's how it is being married. There are things that you may not agree on, but they are not they are not grounds for divorce. And Jesus is very plain and I'm going to get to the scriptures that say God hates divorce. It's it's not a good thing. So Matthew chapter 5, let's read it again. It has been said that whosoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a writing of divorcement. But I say unto you, we just read that writing of divorcement in Deuteronomy. But I say unto you that whosoever shall put away his wife, saving for the cause of fornication causeth her to commit adultery, and whosoever shall marry her that is divorced committh adultery. Don't forget about the lady sitting next to me on the plane. Okay, I'm going to get back to that story. Matthew chapter 9 verse one. You'll notice after the sermon on the mount, Jesus often goes back to that sermon later on and quotes himself. It's amazing. He will say the exact same thing later on in his ministry that he said on the sermon on the mount. Here is one of those times. Matthew chapter 19 verse one. Now it came to pass when Jesus had finished these sayings that he departed from Galilee and came to the region of Judea beyond Jordan and great multitudes followed him and he healed them there. And the Pharisees also came to him testing him and saying to him is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife for just any reason? For any reason. Now back in that time there was there were two different lines of thinking that was this rabbi named Helil. Helil taught that the liberal interpretation of what Moses said that you can divorce your wife for anything. just write her a writing of divorcement and give it to her and then she's free and you're free. Okay, you can see I read the very thing that they were quoting. You can see how they would think that. And then there was this other rabi ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra rabbi named Shemi and Shmai was saying no no no that's not what Moses meant. Moses was saying that only for the cause of sexual immorality can you marry someone else. That's the only reason. So then there's this big battle going on. And now we see these Pharisees and they know all of this is going on. Of course they're they're part of it and each one of them I'm sure had their own opinion. Now they are saying to Jesus, "Now where do you stand?" All right. So we have to put ourselves in context. And he answered and said to them, "Have you not read that he who made them at the beginning made them male and female?" And said, "For this reason a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and the two shall be one flesh." So then they are no longer two, but one flesh. Therefore, what God has joined together, let let not man put us under. Let no man separate. So, he's telling us, if we are married, make it work. All right? They said to him, why then did Moses command to give it a give a certificate of divorce and to put her away? I just read the certificate of divorce. I just read where they are getting that. This is their justification in saying that. So why did Moses write this certificate of divorce saying that you can divorce her? Ah here is God in flesh speaking. Now this isn't a prophet. This is God made flesh speaking. He had every right to say this. And he said to them, "Moses, because of the hardness of your hearts, permitted you to divorce your wives, but from the beginning it was not so." Remember, he just said God made them male and female in the beginning. He made Adam and Eve. He wanted them together. He didn't want them to split up and and go with other people. Because of the hardness of your heart, he permitted you to divorce your wives. Notice he he said you because this had come down and they had the same spirit as the one the ones that were giving Moses problems at the beginning that didn't want to live with their wives that wanted to get somebody else and just put her away. But he said because of the hardness of your hearts permitted you to divorce your wives but from the beginning it was not so. And I say to you, whoever divorces his wife, except for sexual immorality and marries another commits adultery. And whosoever marries her who is divorced commits adultery. And his disciples said to him, "If such is the case of the man with his wife, it is better not to marry." You can imagine that they're all thinking, "Well, mom and dad were always fighting and and I know this person over here and they they struggled and they they divorced their wives and and you know what? It's better just just leave it alone. I'm not even going to get married." You can see why I don't want to deal with it. And Jesus is saying, he's pointing out all of these problems that can be between a husband and a wife. And the disciples are seeing this and they're like, "Man, I don't even want to get married." But I believe that they were wrong. He still said that God put man and a woman together and it is still a blessing. So his disciples said to him, "If such be the case of the man with his wife, it is better not to marry." When that lady when she came down and she sat next to me, she quoted this writing of divorcement and it's like Lord I have and I remember praying I have no idea. Well, I had an idea but I was like Lord I'm here I am. She comes here she has no idea who I am. She's sitting next to me and she is asking a Bible question. And I told her, I said, "Sister," I said, "no." I said, "Jesus said because of the hardness of their hearts, he allowed that God allowed this that Moses wrote this writing of divorcement, but it wasn't right to do it in the beginning." And I told her, I said, "No." I said, "That's that's not the right way to go." And uh we actually me and Stephanie and her prayed and I don't know what happened but God put me in her way. God put me in her path and if nothing else it was to quote the words of the Lord Jesus. Now again, God gave us marriage as a blessing. And there whenever there's two people involved, there are two different opinions. And there are going to be issues in every single marriage. It's okay. Be a Christian in all things. Put God first and then put the other person above yourself and then the Lord will work it out. God first and then the other person above yourself. But God first. Now 1 Corinthians chapter 7, Paul is talking about the marriage vows. This is beautiful, man. This is this is just I love the way the the wisdom of the Apostle Paul. He says this. Now to the married I command yet not I but the Lord. Okay, this is thus sayaeth the Lord. This is he's saying that God commands this. And to the mar and to the married I command yet not I but the Lord. A wife is not to depart from her husband, but if she departs, let her remain unmarried or be reconciled to her husband. And the husband is not to divorce his wife. So notice Paul is saying, not I, but the Lord, but the Lord. So he's saying that this is the best way to do it. Stay together, but if you separate, don't go and get remarried, but be reconciled to your husband. Okay? So, he's saying that, yeah, you might you might separate for a little while, but don't don't go and and marry someone else because now you're going to ruin your chances of getting back together. Okay? So, that's the best way to do it. But to the rest, I not the Lord. Okay? So, the apostle here is saying the best way would be to make it work. All right. That's that was the Lord. But now this is me speaking and he's he's loves these people and he wants to see them succeed and you see the apostle and he's he's saying here is my advice to you. But to the rest, I not the Lord say, if any brother has a wife who does not believe and she is willing to live with him, let him not divorce her. And a woman who has a husband who does not believe, if he is willing to to live with her, let her not divorce him. I know it's a little different than the King James. This is this is the New King James with our spoken English. For the unbelieving husband is sanctified by the wife and the unbelieving wife is sanctified by the husband. Otherwise your children would be unclean but now now they now they are holy. So what he is saying is that the believing husband can lead his wife to the Lord and vice versa. But he's saying, but listen, don't get married unless you are standing on the same word of God. He's saying that before you get married, make sure you agree on the gospel. Make sure that you have that unity of Jesus Christ in your family because if you marry someone who's not a Christian, you're going to have problems. But this say I not the Lord. If you have done this, if you have already been you've already married and you've married somebody that's not a believer, live with them, but you can lead them to the Lord still. Okay? Now listen to this verse number 15. But if the unbeliever departs, let him depart. A brother or a sister is not under bondage in some caa in such cases. But God called us to peace. Okay. Abandonment. For how do you know, oh wife, whether you whether you will save your husband or how do you know, oh husband, whether you will save your wife? But as God has distributed to each one, as the Lord has called each one, let him walk. This is really good. Let him walk. And all and so I ordain in all the churches. Was anyone called while circumcised? Let him not be. What was anyone called while uncircumcised? All right. Gentile. Someone that doesn't believe like this certain way. Let anyone that was called while they were uncircumcised, let him not become while uncircumcised. Where am I? Let's see. So, it's all I just got a little out of order. And so are in or in all churches. Was anyone called while circumcised? Let him not become uncircumcised. Was anyone called while uncircumcised? Let him not become circumcised. An amazing statement. Pause. Let that cook for a minute. Don't change. If you believe on Jesus Christ, stay the way you are. All right? Circumcision is nothing and uncircumcision is nothing. But keeping the commandments of God is what matters. Let each one remain in the same calling in which he was called. Let me read the new living translation of that and I think that that will explain it. Verse number 17. Each of you should continue to live in whatever situation the Lord has placed you and remain as you were be when God first called you. All right? Remain as you were when God first called you. This is my rule for all the churches. For instance, for instance, he's giving an example here. This isn't categorically. It's not just limited to this. He's making a broad statement. For instance, a man who was circumcised before he became a believer should not try to reverse it. And a man who was uncircumcised when he became a believer should not be circumcised now. For it makes no difference whether or not a man has been circumcised. The important thing is to keep God's commandments. All right. I wrote a quote this morning. I'll read it again. Brother Brandham said, "If you are happy with her, live with her." He was talking to two people that were divorced. All right? And he says this, "If you are happy with her, live with her. Raise your children in the admonition of God. But God be merciful to you if you ever do that again. You teach your children to never do a thing like that. bring them up in the admonition of God. So he's saying the the place where you are, you gave your heart to the Lord, the place where you are, stay where you're at. Don't try to make a change because you'll probably just mess stuff up. Stay there and live for God in the position that you are in. It's beautiful how 1 Corinthians chapter 7 and then that quote from marriage and divorce, boy, they are just Perfectly am I. Now, what about Moses said, "Here's the way to divorce your wife." All right. Here's a way to do it. But Jesus said, "Hey, except for certain circumstances," and Paul said, "Except for very certain circumstances, don't do it." So where is the answer? to it. The answer, let me tell you, I'll I'll speak this way. In general, the answer is to seek God in everything. Get on your knees. Pray about this. Don't make the mistake in the first place for the young people. Make sure that you have the right one. And I think that anyone who has been divorced can tell you, "Brother Daniel is speaking the truth." make for sure of that person. But I think the answer and and that is the answer. But let's go back to the Old Testament in closing to the book of Malachi. And I believe it will tell us here really is how God feels about this. He says, you know, the Apostle Paul said, "Stay where you're at. You're okay. Serve God now. Don't worry about the past. Don't worry about that stuff. Just just now move forward in the spirit. Be a Christian. Okay. That's what the apostle is telling us. You made mistakes in the past. Leave them in the past. Stay where you're at now. All right. Malachi chapter 2 verse number 13. I'll again I'll read the um New King James Version. Malachi 2 verse 13 says this. You know the book of Malachi first, the people were going through the motions of going to church. They were going through the motions of making sacrifices. They were going through the motions of paying their tithes. What they did is they said, "Okay, well, you know, it takes me $1,000 a month or whatever it is to pay my bills." And okay, I have $1,200 or I have I have $1,12. I can take I have 12 bucks extra. I can give that to an offering. I can give that for my tithes. Or they were saying, I have this flock of sheep and and I have all of these good-looking lambs. Oh, here's one that's kind of he's kind of deformed. He's he's not going to be he's not going to sell a lot for at the market. I'll take that one and that will be my sacrifice when I go to the temple. That's what the book of Malachi is about. And there's this back and forth with ma with with God and and the people and God is like, "Listen, you didn't give me your best." And they're like, "Well, what do you mean we didn't give you your best?" And then God will tell them why. And the whole book of Malachi, the whole first part of the book of Malachi is about that. It's like, "Hey, you're giving God the worst. You're not giving him your best." And Malachi chapter 2 is along those lines. And as I said, it's a dialogue back and forth between God and the people. And this second thing to this second thing you do, God is um indicting the people. And this second thing that you do, you cover the altar of the Lord with tears, with weeping and crying. So he does not regard the offering anymore, nor receive it with goodwill from your hands. And yet you say, "For what reason?" So you go to the altar, you're you're doing this big thing and you and and and you're you're crying and you're weeping and he's saying, "You know what? It's nothing." And then you say, "For what reason are you saying that? Because the Lord has been witness between you and your wife. The Lord has been witness between you and the wife of your youth. He's in your home. He's watching you. He knows about all of those things that you've done wrong. He knows about the the the mean things that you say to said to each other. He knows about the indiscretions. He knows about all of these things. And and he says that because the Lord has been a witness between you and the wife of your youth with whom you have dealt treacherously, yet she is your companion and the wife and your wife by covenant. But but did he not make them one? Having a remnant of the spirit? And why one? He seeks godly offspring. Therefore, take heed to your spirit, and let none deal treacherously with the wife of his youth. He's saying, you're in your home. God gave you this wife. He gave you this sweetheart. You need to treat her right. You need to love her. You need to cherish her. And really, I can say this. Say I. Also, the wives for the husbands. Love your husbands. God has given you this. He's it's a gift that you have. And it's just it's it's a wonderful thing that he's given you. And don't take it for granted. And let none deal treacher treacherously with the wife of his youth. For the Lord God of Israel says that he hates divorce. He he says that he hateth the putting away which is divorce. He hates divorce for it covers one's garment with violence, says the Lord of hosts. Therefore, take heed to your spirit that you deal that you do not deal treacherous treacherously. You have wearied the Lord with your words. And yet you say, "In what way have we wearied him?" Malachi, the Lord is saying, "You have we wearied the Lord. You've made me tired of what you're saying." And you say, "Oh, well, how have we made you tired, God? How have we wearied you? And that you say that you say everyone who does evil is good in the sight of the Lord. It's like, oh, everybody's good. Everybody's fine. Everyone who does evil is just fine. And you weary the Lord and he and you say that he is the he delights in them. Or where is the God of just justice of judgment? So, do you see in Malachi, God is saying, "I gave you a spouse. I gave you a blessing. Cherish each other. Don't fight. Don't." He said, he says, "I've watched you. I've watched you in your home. I've watched you in your kitchen. I've watched you in the car on the way to church. I watch you. Don't disrespect each other. Husbands, love your wives. Wives, obey your husbands. This is right in the Lord. Respect one another. And then you go back a few verses. God hates divorce. Sometimes it happens. All right. But it doesn't mean that he likes it. You might be justified in divorcing your wife or your husband, but it's not pleasing to God. You might have to do it, but it's not a joyous thing to the Lord. You see what I'm You see where the word is going with this? And you see how it all makes sense what Jesus said. He says, he says, you know, be well, we well, we say that that we can divorce like the the lady sitting next to me. Well, I can go marry whoever I want because he agreed to it. That's just a modern divorce. And and and Jesus says, no. He says, because of the hardness of your heart, you wouldn't try to work it out. You and Malachi says, you wouldn't give respect to the other one. And then it causes shame and it causes hardship on the families. As I said this morning, when the husband and the wife divorce, it affects the children. It affects the parents of both. It affects the friends and it affects them for the rest of their lives. It's nothing but problems. As I said, I understand sometimes it is justified, but it is never good. You with me? Marriage and divorce is a very, very difficult subject. And it has been a difficult subject when Moses was here. He had to deal with it. And he says, "Here, do it this way. This is the best. You're going to do it anyways. So here, do it this way." And Jesus was like, "Yeah, Moses said that. I understand." And Moses had to do it because of the hardness of your heart because you were going to just you were going to do it anyways. So here is the best way. And then Paul over here, he's saying, listen, choose a believer, marry a Christian. This is what God says. But if you don't, here's the best way to handle it. to say I not the Lord. Do you appreciate for you married people? Do you appreciate your spouse? You should. Yeah, the worship team can come. Zeke was like, "Yeah, I wish I had his spells." You will, man. One day. Just don't go too fast. Friends, the word is so beautiful. It's so lovely. And you see how how that we we um he makes a way of escape. I quoted I quoted the Apostle Paul this morning. I said, "He won't tempt you." Paul said, "He won't tempt you above that which you can bear, but he will make a way of escape. He'll take care of it. But where you are right now, stay in that position and serve God and do well and be happy in what God has given you. And respect, if you're married, respect that spouse, that gift that God has given you. That's the way of the Lord. That is what he wanted. He wants us to be happy. He wants us to be lovely. He wants us to to live in unity in this world. So, do your best to do it. It's a a marriage is a two-way street. Some say it's a two-story house. Her story and his story. That's not the way it is. Well, it is. I mean, we all have our opinions, but a marriage is a union between two souls. And the way to make it work is you have two people, but two is an incomplete number. You have two people. You need the Lord Jesus there. And he is the center of your marriage. He is the center of your relationship. And if you put him first, you can disagree all that you want. You can have all these irreconcilable differences, but you can always come together that the Lord loves us. And you can say, "Sweetheart, and I love you. You are a gift to me." So when you when you are with your spouse and and you might have maybe troubles between each other, go to prayer. Stop. stand back. Go get quiet. Pray for that person. Lord, help my spouse. Help this per help my husband. Help my wife. And then Lord, help me to enter into her suffering or into into his suffering. And then the Lord will show you that this is how they are feeling. Don't you wish that we could always do it that way? We can. We have the opportunity to do it. We just don't because we let our flesh, we let ourselves get in the way. Amen. Let's all stand. We've got the power. And if your husband or wife is sitting next to you, grab their hand as we sing this. Give me your hand. Let's agree together that all of our eneies will crumble at our feet. Whatever we bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. At the name of Jesus, Satan has to flee. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. [Music] We got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan rages, we will not be defeated. We got the power in the name of the Lord. For many years now, Satan's tried to stop us. But the bride of Jesus, Lord, we're still alive. Like a mighty army. [Music] We'll keep marching onward, winning every battle, cuz the Lord's on our side. We got the power in the name of Jesus. We got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan rages not be defeated, we got the power in the name of Sing it again. One, we got the power. Oh, we got the power in the name of Jesus. We got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan rages, we cannot be defeated. We got the power in the name of the Lord. Praise the Lord. I um I feel I want to pray for the congregation as as we always do when we close. And I want you to bow your heads now. those that are in this audience here today and those that may be listening in. You may have a spouse and if you have a spouse, I want you to thank the Lord for that spouse. You may be single and desiring a spouse. And I want to pray for you that the Lord will give you that spouse, give you that blessing, a good Christian man, a good Christian girl. And if you have made the choice to to live your life single, I want you to have the greatest blessing of all, which is to be married to Jesus Christ and let him be your strength. Paul said, "How would you have I would have you be even as I, our father." Lord, you can look down upon our congregation tonight and Lord, you can see the desire of every heart. And Lord, if that desire is for a husband or for a wife, I pray that you would answer that call. If that desire is for unity in a relationship, I pray that you would answer that call. And Lord, if that desire is for comfort, peace, that the Holy Spirit can give, Lord, I pray that you would answer that call. Lord, we love you. We thank you that you are a God that loves us. We thank you Lord that not only did you save us but Lord you look down on us and Lord you want us to be happy. We thank you for that joy that you have given us in our salvation. That joy that you have given us in even the things of here on earth. Lord, that you have touched us in in such a way to know that we are Lord espoused to none other than Jesus Christ. Lord, we call ourselves the bride. What an honor, Father. I want to be that bride. I want to be that one that's espoused to the son of God, to Jesus Christ. Father, we thank you. pray that you would go with us tonight. Give us strength, Lord, that you would bless our week to come. And Lord, that your will, most of all, your will would be done in our lives in Jesus name. Amen. I'm learning how to lean and depend on Jesus. I'm learning how to lean and depend on Jesus. He's my friend and he's my guide. I'm learning how to lean. I'm learning how to lean and depend on Jesus. I found out if I trust him, he will provide. If we're going to clap, let's commit. All right. I'm learning how to lean and depend on Jesus. He's my friend and he's my guide and he's my guide. I'm learning how to lean. I'm learning how to lean and depend and depend on Jesus. I found out. I found out if I trust If I trust him, he will provide. I'm learning how to lean. Sing it again. I'm learning how to lean and depend on Jesus. And depend on Jesus. He's my friend. He's my friend. And he's my God. I'm learning how to lean. I'm learning how to lean. and depend on Jesus. I found out if I trust him, he will provide. [Music] Feels good. Sister Hope, you feel good? I feel so good. Brother Tony, Sister Stephanie, you feel good, don't you? Doesn't it Do you love him? He's pretty good, huh? Praise God. Praise God that he has he has blessed us so richly. Friends, greet each other. Shake each other's hand. Look at each look each other in the eye and and take note and pray for that person. &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] and Jesus and he's my God. I'm learning how to lead and depend on Jesus. I found out if I trust him, he will provide. [Music] God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over me. Well, God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over. One more time. God's not dead. God's not dead. He is alive. God's not dead. [Music] He is alive. God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him all over me. [Music] Be happy. Sister Esther, isn't isn't the Lord wonderful? He is so good. And he loves you. He loves me. He cares about us. He has our hand on He has his hand on us. And if we would just listen to him, if we would just follow what he wants. Oh, then life would just be so much better. The devil getting your in your way everywhere, but you can just wade right through it and say, "Satan, just just get out of my way. I'm serving God. I'm busy serving God." God bless you. You're dismissed. So I throw up my hands.
