################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-04 - Lyle Johnson: House of Worship - Lyle Johnson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-04
Title:   Lyle Johnson: House of Worship
Speaker: Lyle Johnson
Church:  Tucson Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bzdbn4uCADU
========================================

I will lift up [music] my hands unto your name. Let's stand. Thy loving kindness is greater [singing] than life. Thy loving kindness [singing] is greater than life. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands unto [music] thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto [music] [singing] thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. [singing] I will lift up my hands unto thee. I lift my hands, Lord. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands unto thy name. Thy loving kindness, thy loving kindness is better than love. Thy loving kindness is better than love. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands unto thy name. I lift my hands. I lift my hands, Lord. [music] Unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. I will lift up my hands [singing] unto thy name. Amen. He's worthy, isn't he? So, just a um [music] a warning. I can see you now. So, no sleeping. Just kidding. I got prescription glasses and I can see everything. So, that's kind of nice. But uh isn't he good to us? You know, he provides for all our needs. It's the advantages of turning 65 now. They they want to check everything. And uh that's good. It's a good thing. God takes care of us. Amen. He abides. He abides. I'm rejoicing night and day. I am rejoicing night and day. Even when I don't feel like rejoicing and I don't feel good, I'm still going to give him praise. Amen. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the pilgrim way for the hand of God. In all my life I sing. And the reason of my bliss. Yes. A secret all is is that the comforter abide with [music] me. He abides. Yes, he abides. Hallelujah. [music] He abides with me. I always [music] see night and day as I [singing] walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. [singing and music] Once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within. Till I heard how Jesus [music and singing] died upon the tree. Then I fell down at [music] his feet. And there [singing] came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides [singing] with [music] me. He abides. Yes, he [music and singing] abides. Hallelujah. He abides [music and singing] with me. I'm rejoicing [music] night and day as I walk the narrow [singing] way for the comforter above with me. He is with me everywhere and he knows my every care. [music] I'm as happy as a bird and just as free for the spirit has control. Jesus [music] satisfies [singing] my soul since a comforter abides with [music and singing] me. He abides. Yes, he abides. Hallelujah. He [music] abides with me. I'm rejoicing [music and singing] night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. There's no thirsting for [music] the things [singing] of the world. They've taken wings. Long ago I [music] gave them up and instantly all my night was turned to day. All [music and singing] my burdens rolled away. Now the comforter abides with me. [music] He abides. Yes, he [music] abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. [music and singing] I am no hoisting night and day as I walk the [singing] narrow way. For the comforter abides with [music and singing] me. Yes, he abides. Hallelujah. He abides [singing] with me. I'm rejoicing [music] night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter abides with [music and singing] me. Sister hope as we sing that chorus one more time if you'll make ready for song. He abides. Yes, he abides. Hallelujah. He abides with [music and singing] me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk [music and singing] the narrow way for the comforter abides with me. [music and singing] May take your seats. You can sing this with me. There are people almost everywhere whose [music] hearts are all a flame. With the fire that fell at which cleansed and made them [singing] clean, it is burning now within [music] my heart. All glory toad of one of them. One of them. I'm so glad. But I can say [music and singing] I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. [music] I'm so glad that I [singing] [music] all pray in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost and powerful service came. Now what he's do for you. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. [singing] I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm [singing] one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Come seek this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. that will start the joy bells ringing and will keep your soul flame. It is burning [singing] now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say [music] I'm one of [singing] them. I'm so glad. But I can say [music and singing] I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm [singing and music] one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm [music] one of them. One of them. I'm so glad. &gt;&gt; Sing that with her. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say [singing] I'm one of them. I am one of them. One of those one of I think it's been said the Lord's despised few. I'm thankful to be able to stand with the Lord Jesus in these last days. Uh brother, do we have any prayer requests? Okay. Um first, let me I want to greet my friend Billy Silva back there. God bless you. It's a It's a pleasure to have you in service and I know have known the family for a long time. Known brother Billy for a while. God bless you. Welcome. It's good to see you here in Tucson. Um and then also, oh, we have so few this evening. And um Billy, so what we do on Wednesday night is we've devoted a couple years ago I felt to have devote every Wednesday to a Bible study. And so that's what Wednesday is. It's usually a little bit more informal. Tonight, Brother Lyle at my request is going to start on a series on the tabernacle in the wilderness. I mention it a lot. You hear ministers mention it a lot. What is this? What is this tent that was erected at the instructions of God through the prophet Moses? really looking forward to brother Lyall expounding on this. I I thought he is a really really good one to do it. He's wellversed and wellstudied. So, we'll start on that tonight and uh we'll see how long it goes as far as into the future. For um plans coming up, I've invited another friend of mine from Quebec. This is another pastor and I've mentioned him before to the congregation. He has a new church near Montreal and he is uh starting just from the very foundation. I spoke there a couple months ago and uh things are going good. The Lord's really blessing his church. I um I wanted him to come out and and minister for us. He's uh brother Joel is uh he's very close with brother Steve Brassone who we had last week or two weeks ago. And uh brother Joel is is is a very um very learned very uh well-versed in the scriptures and and I know that he's going to be a real blessing to our congregation. He'll be coming on December the 14th. So we're going to have two services on that Sunday. The 14th will be morning and evening. And then on the following Wednesday, I bought a fire pit. And since we're just uh I don't know 30 or 40 people on Wednesday night, I thought it would be fun to start every once a month or something like that to have a fireside Bible study and we can sing songs around the fire and then maybe have a short 15 uh minute message or so, 15 minute study and then uh maybe a dialogue, maybe some questions and we can talk about whatever scriptures that uh that we brought to light there. and brother Joel will have the first fireside Bible study. So that'll be um that Wednesday after the Sunday that he's here. Talked with brother Steven Young. I told the talked to the congregation about our new missionary program that we have in Durban, South Africa. I talked to Stephen this morning and he is really really excited. We sent our first offering to him and uh we are investing in the potential of brother Stephen and what he's doing there in Durban. When you buy stock in a company, you are investing investing in that company being able to grow. You're not investing in the in the company the way it is now, but you are investing your money with the potential for that company to get to prosper. and that is brother Stephen Young. We're investing in him and his ministry and he's got a wonderful ministry. The brother is just tremendous in his understanding, tremendous in his ability. He has made contact with a local Pentecostal church with a pastor who is I think 80 years old. And uh that pastor uh laid his support to brother Stephen for a tent meeting that is going to happen in a couple weeks. So, we're looking forward to a really good report from from Brother Stephen. And he says he says he understands. He says that that's really not the way of the United States. He says, but he thinks it will be successful there in Durban. He says he believes people will come to the Lord there. um for um our prayer requests. I don't have any written requests, but I would like to congregation to remember a situation that's going on in the world right now. All of our eyes are on Venezuela and the crisis that's beginning to happen there, but I think the world is ignoring a crisis that has been in the works for about a year now. And that's in central Africa in the country of Nigeria. There is an active um persecution on the Christians in that country and killing thousands of them. I don't know if uh any of you are familiar with the genocide that happened in Rwanda decades ago, but this it looks like this could be something that could devolve into that type of a situation. So please let's let's pray for our brothers and sisters that are in Nigeria. It's a very desperate situation. They are kidnapping. They just a couple days ago they kidnapped 300 uh students from a school and they're holding them for ransom. They don't feed them. They treat them very badly. And they actually when when they take these people captive, they will call up their parents or whoever the contact is if they can get their phone numbers and they will beat those children. And so their parents are hearing them scream and hearing their suffering to um to try to get money out of out of the parents. It's a bad situation in Nigeria. I know all the world is looking at the Caribbean right now, but really that um keep them in prayer. It's it's the Muslims that are against the Christians in that country. So something that I want the church to continue to pray for and and continue to pray for our brother Steven Young there in Durban and the work that he's doing. And uh any other let's all let's all stand. I don't have any written requests. Oh yeah. Yeah. Thank you, brother. And um a dear friend of ours of Stephanie and mine. Um they uh I've asked the church to pray for this young man before. He had colon cancer and the Lord saw fit to take him a few days ago. And that's David Bowman, Amber Bowman's son. Many of you know Amber and uh and the family. But I can only imagine the pain this boy I don't know Stephanie what is he about 19 something like that 19 or 20 years old and [clears throat] the kid has just suffered and suffered and suffered his suffering is over but the family is really suffering right now so remember to pray for the Bowman family let's bow our heads and with our heads bowed if you have a request that you would like to make known to for our Lord and Savior. As he looks down over the banisters of heaven, if you would raise your hand, say, "Lord, I have a request for myself, for someone else. Would you see my hand and grant, Lord, this which is on my heart? Father, Lord, these requests first for David's family, Lord, we don't know why these things happen in a young man. We don't understand why he would suffer like he did. But I know that he was a Christian. He had accepted the Lord as as a savior. And Lord, he had such a nice spirit. Lord, you saw fit to take him out of this place of many trials and temptations that we live in. But Lord, he has a family. We pray father that your hand would be upon them and comfort mom and the dad the sister Lord the situation in Africa with in Nigerian Lord persecution that's going on. We know that our Lord and Savior prophesied that we would suffer persecution for that name and truly they are today. Father, we pray that they would stand stand strong in the face of this evil that's confronting them. Lord, may they stand there and confess the name of Jesus Christ. And then, Lord, we pray that you would send angels through that country to protect them. Watch over, Father, your children in Africa. We pray, Brother Steven Young, Lord, in the work that he is embarking on. Lord, we pray that you would bless it. Pray that souls would be saved because of his efforts and because of our efforts here at this church in supporting the work that they are doing. Father, we can help in our monetary way, but but Lord, we pray that you would bless it, that your Lord, Holy Spirit would be with them and and Father, heal the sick at this brother's prayer. We pray and and and lead many, Father, call many to the altar and call them to salvation, we ask. Bless Brother Steven Young. Bless his family, Lord. His his wife and his little girls, we pray. And bless the little church that's forming now. Lord, the hands that were raised, bring them before you also. You know the need. Lord, we pray that you would meet every need in Jesus name. Amen. Brother Bill, you got a song for us? Come on up, my friend. You can be seated. I got up this morning feeling kind of blue. Thinking about the things [singing] that I had to do. Then I turned to read God's word. Something changed my mood when I learned just what I have to look forward to. There will be a table a thousand miles long. I'll feast with loved ones who've gone on. God will take me by the hand and lead me through my new home. I'll leave behind these former things when I've conquered death [music] sting. Why should I feel blue? I've got so much to look forward to. Now this world has a way of getting me down. Bad news fills my mind, turns a smile into a frown. But as a child of God, there's a peace that I found. I know just what I am and where I am bound. [music] Oh, there'll be a table [singing] a thousand [music] miles long. I'll feast with loved ones who've gone on. And God will take me by the [singing] hand and lead me through my new home. I'll leave [music] behind these former things when I've conquered death stink. Why should I feel blue? I've got so much to look forward to. There'll be a table a thousand [music] miles long. I'll feast with loved ones who've gone on. And God will [music and singing] take me by the hand and lead me through my [music] new home. I'll leave behind [singing] these former things when I've conquered death sting. Why should I feel blue? I've got so much to look forward to. &gt;&gt; [applause] &gt;&gt; Let's stand as our brother Lyall prepares to to come on up. [clears throat] Let's do that song. Think about his love. Think about his goodness. Sometimes we get caught up with everything that's going on around us and and and but if you start thinking about how much he cares for you and how much he loves you, what his plans are for you and if you think you long for it, how much more he desires. He desired it so much that he gave his life for you so that you could be theirs. Think about [music] his love. Think about his goodness. Think about [music] his grace that's brought us [singing] through. For [singing] as high as the [music] heavens above, so [singing] great is the measure of our father's love. Great is the measure of our father's [music and singing] love. Oh, think about his love. Think about his goodness. Think about his grace that's brought us through. For as high [singing and music] as the heavens above, so [music] great is the measure [singing] of our heart. Great is the measure of our father's love. Think about his love. Think about it. Think about his goodness. Think about his grace. And what is it done that's brought us through? [singing] [music] For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure [singing] of our Father's love. [singing] [music] Great is the measure [singing] of our Father's love. Thank you. I I think it's unmeasurable. I can't measure it. &gt;&gt; Good evening. I suppose I need to turn this. There we go. Tonight we'll begin looking at the tabernacle in the wilderness. And the title image, you see, the tabernacle itself is the large tent. It was constructed and used by the nation of the descendants of Jacob as they followed their prophet leader Moses from Egypt through the Sinai and parts of Arabia on their way on their journey to Canaan. We'll take a brief look at the culture of the time of the meaning of temples and of the tabernacle. More importantly, we'll look at some lessons we can apply to our lives today. We won't finish the study tonight, but we will start. Before we begin this journey, please join me once more in prayer. Lord Jesus, we are in awe of you. So great is the measure of your love. We see that love, Lord, expressed through this tabernacle, through this through this whole time of the children of Israel and the building and the construction and the symbolism of it. Lord, we pray tonight. Lord, I pray especially that you'd anoint my lips, Lord, that I don't say anything that would cause anyone to stumble or to misstep or to be confused, Lord. That you'd anoint those that hear, Lord, that that anything that I may say wrong or anything that I may do incorrectly that that they would filter it through your spirit and hear the intent behind it. Lord, we commit this evening, the remainder of it, to you. We thank you for the forgiveness of our sins and for the presence of your spirit in Jesus precious name. Amen. Before we're seated, we'll read from the first time the tabernacle is mentioned found in Exodus chapter 25. The context is that Moses has led the Israelites from Egypt. They've crossed the Red Sea. They've arrived at the sacred mountain, sometimes called Si, sometimes called Horeb. Moses has received the Ten Commandments and shared them with the nation along with some other laws and instructions. He's gone up again on the mountain. He'll be there for some 40 days. Let's join Moses upon that mountain. Exodus 25 verse1. And the Lord, who? Yahweh spake unto who? Moses, saying, So this is what we'd later call, thus saith the Lord. Speak unto the children of Israel, that they may bring me who? Not Moses, the Lord Yahweh. They may bring me an offering of every man that giveth it willingly with his heart. He shall take my offering. It must be from a willing heart. It's not only the specific material, but the spirit behind the giving of it. It's an offering, not an obligation. And this is the offering. These are the items which you shall take of them. Gold and silver and brass. Actually, the word there is copper. These are metals. They might be jewelry or utensils, not coins. Coins didn't exist in Egypt until about 800 years later. These objects will be melted down for the metals and blue and purple and scarlet and fine linen and goats hair. These are fabrics and threads and yarn and ram's skins dyed red leather and badgers skins. Badger skins is also variously translated as seal skin, porpus skin or just fine leather and shamwood which is wood from a species of acacia trees. Oil for the light. This would be olive oil. Spices for anointing oil and for sweet incense. The specific spices would later be specified along with the recipes for blending them for various ritual purposes. Onyx, stones, and stones, again, the specific ones later specified, to be set in the EOD and the breastplate. We'll talk about those, not tonight. The EOD is like a kind of apron. And the breastplate is to be worn only by the future high priest. And let them make me a sanctuary, a special consecrated place. It's hallowed or considered holy. Why? What's the purpose of the sanctuary? That I, not Moses, the Lord Yahweh, that I may dwell among them. Not in the people, but among them. In other words, literally a a place for God to live according to all that I show thee after the pattern of the tabernacle. This is only the second time and I think the last time where there are specific plans given for construction. The first time was in Genesis when God told Noah exactly the dimensions of the ark and the materials to use. And here he's going to go into even greater detail for this tabernacle. The tabernacle is literally a tent, a portable structure that can be assembled, disassembled, transported, reassembled. This is the sanctuary where God will dwell among and meet with the people he has taken from slavery in Egypt and the pattern of all the instruments thereof. Even so shall you make it. Moses will be given explicit detailed instructions for every aspect of this structure. Please be seated. The tabernacle in the wilderness will be the first place where we are told God will dwell. Later he will dwell in the temple in Jerusalem. Although at the dedication of that building, Solomon will acknowledge that God is not restricted to the temple he has just built. Rather, these are places where God's presence may be visible or felt. We might say a manifestation of God's presence. What about today? In Paul's letter to the Ephesians, a church largely composed of gentile believers, he writes in Ephesians 2, "Now therefore, ye gentile believers are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints and of the household of God, your family, and are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstones." Paul's now using a metaphor of a of a temple or a building in whom in Jesus Christ all the building fitly framed together grows. It's currently under construction unto an holy temple in the Lord. A temple, a place where God lives. In whom, that is in Jesus Christ ye also are builded together. for inhabitation of who? God. How? Through the spirit. In other words, God does not live in a tabernacle or even in a temple. When Paul wrote this, the temple was still in Jerusalem. They were actively performing sacrifices in the various rituals of Judaism. But Paul says, "God's moved on. Now dwells in his people. dwells. His presence may be seen and felt a channel for his righteousness in us. You and I, I I hope in ancient times, gods were believed to live in temples. A temple was literally a house where a god lived. Idols were placed in a temple and worshiped. Offerings were made and so forth. This was the culture certainly in Egypt and the Mediterranean world. Jacob's descendants had lived in Egypt for centuries. They had no religious practice, no priests, no liturgy, no writings, no specific knowledge, no definition of sin, no teachings of repentance or sacrifice or even of worship. God had not told them anything except that through Abraham the males were to be circumcised. And and maybe if you were taught that someday they would be delivered from Egyptian bondage. If they remembered or been taught anything else, it would have been the few rules that God told Noah. Don't eat blood. Don't kill your fellow man. Do be fruitful and multiply. They may have been told that Abraham and Isaac and Jacob offered sacrifices and saw other worldly beings. There's no record of Joseph, for example, having ever done that. This was all hundreds of years before the Exodus. How many of us know anything that our ancestors said three or 4 hundred years ago? I don't. I I I I couldn't even tell you the names of anybody from that far back in my lineage. As slaves in Egypt, many, if not most, would have adopted the religion of their masters, just as happened in America, worshiping Egyptian gods and goddesses, no doubt helping to construct temples and so forth. While Moses was receiving the plans for the tabernacle on top of the mountain, at the foot of the mountain, the people had given up on Moses. They implored Aaron to make them an idol, which we know was the golden calf. After all, this had been their practice for hundreds of years in Egypt. Hatur, the goddess represented by a cow, was popular. She represented love and joy, maternal affection and protection. No wonder they made a golden calf. Oops. It's time to stop worshiping idols and learn about the one true God. Before we look at details of the tabernacle in its courtyard, let's see an overview. This is a photo of a modern version of the tabernacle located in Timna Park, Israel. It's a it's about 30 miles north of Elot near the southern tip of Israel. It's a full scale representation here. Here's a view with a tour group inside to give you a better idea of the size there. Within the fabric walls, the area within the fabric walls is usually called the outer court. Within it are a sacrificial altar, a large bowl of water called a lavver and a large tent which is the tabernacle itself. Inside the tent is divided into two spaces called the holy place and the most holy place. Sometimes they're called the inner court, the holy of holies. We'll get into all of this in some detail as we progress. To begin our journey, let's first consider what was outside the tabernacle, outside the wall of its court. The people were encamped in tents or whatever they could carry with them as they fled from Egypt into the desert. They left in April or late March, so the weather was relatively mild. It's not like they could go in their garage and get all their camping gear and loaded in their pickup truck. They're on foot. A few of them have animals. Fewer of them have carts. These are slaves. They lived in mudbrick houses in uh in in Goan and so forth. So that time of year there's cool nights and warm days, not the blistering heat of summer or the cold nights of winter. Once they arrived at Sinai or Horeb, they they were near settlements in Midian. We know that they were near because Moses had gone from a settlement in Midian pasturing the sheep and that's where he saw the burning bush and that's where they are. So perhaps they could have managed to procure the things they needed to make tents or some sort of portable structures. We know that they had plenty of gold and silver with them. Mana was their food supply. Freely given the world's first operational largescale daily food bank. Once the tabernacle was erected, a person looking toward it whose view is not obscured by the tents of the migrants would have seen a view something like this. It might be seen by one of the Israelites or perhaps a Midionite shepherd with his flocks as Moses was when he first came to this place and saw the burning bush. This image is of the southeast of the courtyard looking northwest. So, you're seeing the south and east sides of that courtyard. What's the first thing you notice? A wall perhaps marking the boundary of the outer court. It's made of vertical pillars with horizontal poles holding white linen curtains, all of which are anchored to the desert floor with ropes or cords tied to brass spikes. The pillars making the supports for the wall are topped in silver. Looking more closely, you may notice the base of the supports of these pillars are are set in brass sockets that are on and protecting the pillars from the desert floor. Rising above the wall inside the court, you you see part of a taller tent-like structure with a flat top. That that's the tabernacle itself. It's covered in a series of blankets at the outermost, the layer you can see, is made of some sort of fine leather. You can see five golden columns at one end of the structure. Behind the columns is a multicolored curtain blocking your view of the inside. At the center of the eastern end of the outside wall of white linen is another multicolored curtain. It's currently closed, but but marks and forms the entrance to the tabernacle's courtyard. Both of these multicolored curtains are woven and include threads of blue and purple. and scarlet. But you're standing in the desert. It's a bleak, a forbidding place, a dangerous place. And you wonder at this structure, why is it built this way? What does it mean? Let's consider the symbolic nature of this structure. Starting with the courtyard, God giving instructions to Moses during his 40-day stint on Mount Si. Exodus 27 verse 9, we read, "Thou shalt make the court of the tabernacle for the southside southward. There shall be hangings for the court of fine twined linen of 100 cubits long for one side, that's 150 ft. And the 20 pillars thereof, and their 20 sockets shall be of brass." That that means that the the sockets the reference of brass is to the sockets not to the pillar itself not the material of the posts. The hooks of the pillars and their fillets the rods on which the curtains hang shall be of silver. Oops, wrong button. And likewise for the north side and for the breadth of the court on the west side shall be hangings of 50 cubits, their pillars 10, their sockets 10. The breadth of the court on the east side eastward Shelby 50 cubits. So this courtyard is 50 cubits 75 feet by 150 feet. It's maybe the size of two modern lots of starter homes. Couple of small lots certainly bigger than this area but not dramatically bigger than the area of the sanctuary here. The hangings on one side of the gate shall be 15 cubits. Their pillars three and sockets three. The other side shall be hangings of 15 cubits. Their pillars three, their sockets three, which 15 and 15 is 30. The width is 50. So that leaves the gate of the court shall be an hanging of 20 cubits of blue. and purple and scarlet and fine twined linen wrapped with needle work. It's going to be embroidered. And their pillars shall be four and their sockets four. The pillars round about the court shall be filleted with silver silver bars. Their hooks shall be of silver, but their sockets on the ground of brass. The length of the court, he repeats it, will be 100 cubits, the breadth 50 everywhere. And the height five cubits. That's just under 8 ft of fine twined linen and their sockets of brass. All the vessels of the tabernacle and all the service thereof and all the pins thereof and all the pins of the cord, in other words, the stakes that are holding cords and so forth, shall be of brass. Here's a crude drawing of the tabernacle wall of linen. Outside the linen wall is the desert. The world in which we live. For most of us, it's a challenging environment. It's where we are born, live and die. It's where we work and play, eat, and sleep, toil, and relax, where we raise our children, where we learn how to survive. In some cases, we prosper. In others, we struggle. For some it represents a life of opportunity. For others a life of exploitation, hope and regret, health and sickness, freedom and oppression, sometimes war, sometimes peace. But wait, in the middle of all this uncertainty and danger, we see a white linen wall creating a small enclosure 75 ft wide and 150 ft long. What is this? Why is it white? What does it mean? A man named John tells us in Revelation chapter 19, "And I heard as it were the voice of a great multitude, and as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of mighty thunderings, saying, Allelujah, for the Lord God omnipotent reignth. Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him. For the marriage of the Lamb has come, and his wife hath made herself ready. And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in what? Fine linen, clean and white. For the fine linen is the righteousness of saints. Other translations say the righteous acts of the saints. In the midst of this world, there is a place of righteousness. And when people see us in our world context, what should they see? Righteousness. It may not be what they see, what we display, how we act, how we react, but it should be. To approach the tabernacle itself, one had to first come face to face with God's righteousness represented by the white linen curtains. What about our own righteousness? I'm I'm a good person. I live a good life. I don't hurt other people. Isn't that enough? Not in God's eyes. Isaiah tells us in chapter 64, we are all as an how many. We are all as an unclean thing. And all our righteousness righteousness is are as filthy rags, polluted garments. We all do fade as a leaf, and our iniquities, like the wind, have taken us away. There's none that calleth upon thy name, that stirth up himself to take hold of thee. For thou hast hid thy face from us, and hast consumed us because of our iniquities. What supports these linen curtains? The posts supporting the curtains are made of acacia wood. They are set into a socket of brass or copper. Cords or ropes tie the tops of the post to brass stakes in the ground. This is a cutting board made of acacia wood. It's strong, durable, fairly light, has beautiful grain. There are many species of acacia. This is just one of them. Brass is a metal that sometimes speaks of or symbolizes judgment. For example, in Leviticus 26, the Lord tells the people the consequences of rejecting the commandments and statutes. And after lift listing several punishments, he continues, "And if you will not yet for all this, hearken unto me, then I will punish you seven times more for your sins. I will break the pride of your power. I will make your heaven as iron and your earth as brass." wood. The the material of the pillars is used to symbolize many things. Judgment and rescue. Noah's ark of gopherwood saved him during the judgment by flood. Sacrifice and atonement. Christ's cross was made of wood. We'll see many items in the tabernacle are made of acacia wood, usually overlaid with a metal, copper, brass, silver, or gold. The tops of the posts are covered in silver and silver rods are used to hang the curtains. Silver is a symbol especially of redemption, of purity, and of value. In terms of redemption, Exodus 30 we read, "And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, when thou takest the sum of the children of Israel after their number, a census, then shalt give every man a ransom for his soul unto the Lord, when thou numberest them, that there be no plague among them, when thou numberest them. This shall they give everyone that passeth among them that are numbered half a shekele after the shekele of the sanctuary. A shekele is 20 garas and half shekele shall be the offering to the Lord. A shekele is a measure of weight. Elsewhere we find that this is referring to silver. The the unit of currency in Israel today is the shekele. This is a ransom for his soul. a ransom. It's to redeem. It's to buy back. And purities, silver must be refined, become pure before it can be used. In Malachi 3, we read, "Behold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way before me. And the Lord whom you seek shall suddenly come to his temple, even the messenger of the covenant whom you delight in. Behold, he shall come, saith the Lord of hosts. But who may abide the day of his coming? Who shall stand when he appears? For he is like a refiner's fire, like fuller's soap. He shall sit as a refiner and purifier of silver. He shall purify the sons of Levi and purge them as gold and silver that they may offer unto the Lord an offering and righteousness. Then shall the offering of Judah and Jerusalem be pleasant unto the Lord as in the days of old and as in former years speaks of value. The Hebrew word for silver is kiff. In Israel, money is generically referred to as Kesv and nowadays measured in shuffles. Looking at this tabernacle wall again, the not the tabernacle but the outer wall enclosing the court. The only entrance to the tabernacle within is through the courtyard and its only entrance was on its east end. The tabernacle and the entrance to the courtyard were always oriented to the east regardless of location during the wanderings in the desert. The model of the tabernacle in the back I've set there so that its entrance is oriented to the east. Don't want to get in trouble with that. Why east? Who cares what direction it's oriented? It's not like it's facing Jerusalem or something. What What's this about the east? Consider that the Israelites had spent centuries in Egypt. much of that time as bond servants or slaves. This is an image from space showing Egypt and areas nearby. The lifeline of Egypt is the Nile River, the the green wavy line in the photo. I'm sure you can see it right there. The Nile flows from south to the north. Thus, it has an east bank and a west bank. West represented death, the setting sun. Egyptian cemeteries such as the pyramids and the valley of the kings were on the west of the Nile. This view is looking west from a balloon near the Nile to the mortuary temple of Hatchepsuit which is located here. She was a powerful pharaoh. She was a powerful pharaoh and likely the woman who rescued Moses from the Nile. Behind the ridge above her temple is the Valley of the Kings where many of the pharaohs were buried. To the Egyptians, the east represented the source of life via the rising of the sun. Cities and towns were generally on the east side of the Nile. Here's a view of Luxor from the same balloon seen through the morning mist on the east bank of the Nile near sunrise. Notice a large collection of buildings across the Nile, but on this side, the east side of the Nile, there are some farms and so forth, but it's not densely populated. Having the entrance to the tabernacle complex on the east would have resonated with the Israelites coming out of slavery, looking for a rising sun, a new beginning in Canaan. Priests served inside the courtyard in the tabernacle itself. So obviously they could enter through the gate. But what about others? Can they enter the courtyard? Just go in and go out as they please. If so, how can they enter? Bring a sacrifice. It might be a free will offering, a sin offering, guilt offering, peace offering, and so forth. There were strict regulations for all of these found in the book of Leviticus and elsewhere. The general rule was that the worshipper, the one bringing the offering, would lay his hands on the head of the animal being sacrificed while the priest killed it. For example, Leviticus begins this way. The Lord called unto Moses, and spake unto him out of the tabernacle of the congregation, saying, Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, If any man of you bring an offering unto the Lord, he shall bring your offering of the cattle, even of the herd, and of the flock. If his offering be a burnt sacrifice of the herd, let him offer a male without blemish. He shall offer of his own voluntary will at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before the Lord. He shall put his hand upon the head of the burnt offering, and it shall be accepted for him to make atonement for him. He shall kill the bulock before the Lord, and the priests, Aaron's sons, shall bring the blood, and sprinkle the blood roundabout upon the altar that is by the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. This is not a pleasant place. You've got the bleeding of the animals. You've got the smell of burning animals. You've got the smell of the animal going through death. But notice the worshipper was not examined. The sacrifice had to meet certain requirements to be accepted after killing it and sprinkling its blood. And if a sin offering for example the sin was forgiven okay for an individual what if it's a sin of the community of the entire nation how was that handled how many sacrifices are required if it's such a thing certain representatives of the people were required to come to the door of the tabernacle Leviticus 4 tells us this if the whole congregation of Israel the entire nation sin through ignorance and the thing beh assembly and they have done somewhat against the commandments of the Lord concerning things which should not be done and are guilty. When when the sin which they have sinned against it is known, then the congregation shall offer a young bulock for the sin and bring him before the tabernacle of the congregation. And the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands upon the head of the bullock before the Lord, and the bulock shall be killed before the Lord. Notice, a single sacrifice can atone for the entire nation. Makes me think, oh, how I love Jesus. Bring the bulock for the sin. Bring him before the tabernacle of the congregation. I can see Pilate standing at the porch with Jesus and saying, "Behold the man. One died for all our sins." What if he came to the entry without a sacrifice? Were not a priest or a Levite with specific duties to perform in support of the priests? and describing the arrangements of the various tribes and where they're camped around the tabernacle the branches of the tribe of Levi while encamped in the journey through the wilderness. We read in numbers three, but those that encamp before the tabernacle toward the east by the gate, even before the tabernacle of the congregation eastward shall be Moses and Aaron and his sons, keeping the charge of the sanctuary for the charge of the children of Israel. And the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death. The sense of the word stranger here means not a priest or Levite with specific duties in support of the priestly roles. A parallel that we see in our lives as Christians comes to light. God lives, dwells, enclosed, surrounded by righteousness. To come into his presence without a sacrifice to cover or remove our sins, our sinful nature is death. but to come to him in humility, recognizing we are unrighteous in ourselves, guilty of sins we may not even recognize, but with our sacrifice. This allows us to come into the outer court. Not to his holy presence inside the tabernacle, but to come to the door of the tabernacle, inside the outer court, recognizing and confessing our sin, identifying with our sacrifice, which is Jesus Christ. His death cleanses and removes and transfers our sin so that we receive life and not death. To get into the outer court, you had to pass through the door, the gate. This was made of blue, purple, and red yarn, and fine linen. We're told that blue represented the heavens, and by extension, the divine presence. Purple dye was rare and thus expensive. Recall Paul's first convert to Christ in Europe was Lydia who made a good living selling purple cloth. Purple represented royalty and wealth. Recall when Jesus was crucified in John chapter 19. Then Pilate therefore took Jesus and scorged him. The soldiers plattered a crown of thorns, put it on his head, and they put on him a purple robe. What color? Purple. Why? And they said, "Hail, King of the Jews, king." Because purple signified royalty. And they smote him with their hands. Pilate therefore went forth again, and sth unto them, Behold, I bring him forth to you, that you may know that I find no fault in him. Then came Jesus forth, wearing the crown of thorns, and the purple robe. And Pilate saith unto them, "Behold the man." Scarlet, a bright red, represented the blood of sacrifice. White, as we've said, represents righteousness. And these four colors were part of the curtain, marking the only way in or out of the courtyard. Entering the outer court, the worshipper with his or her sacrifice would see the pillars or posts that support the linen curtain in all directions except for the curtain at the gate and the east end of the tabernacle itself. If the curtain at the courtyard entry is open, you may glimpse the world outside, but you're now in a different place. The gate was a barrier to prevent unlawful entry into the courtyard, a positive mark of separation from the world outside, a distinct boundary. Sadly, today, many have put up barriers that separate us from one another, breaking fellowship between Christians, denominational walls between churches, confusing opinion with revelation. Maybe We'll talk about that sometime. The gate also provided a way of approach first to the courtyard which will then lead to the tabernacle. Jesus described himself as the gate or door. John 10:7 Then said Jesus unto them again, verily, verily I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep. All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers, but the sheep did not hear them. I am the door. If any man by me, if any man enter in, he shall be saved and shall go in and out and find pasture. In the sermon on the mount, some of you may have heard of the sermon on the mount recently. In the sermon on the mount, Jesus also speaks of a gate. Matthew 7, enter ye in at the straight gate. Straight means small. For wide is the gate and broad is the way that leads to destruction. And many there be which go in there at. Because straight is the gate, narrow is the way which leadth to life, and few there be that find it. That find it. Jesus also said, "Seek and you will find. Knock and it will be opened unto you." The gate is small, yet it's large enough to accommodate any and all who choose to go through it. What else is in the outer court? Apart from the tabernacle, the the dominant feature is the altar of sacrifice. For the worshipper in the days of the tabernacle, it was the way to atone for sin, to be cleansed through the blood of the sacrifice. The the altar itself was hollow, made of acacia wood overlaid with copper or brass with a removable brass grate suspended within it. As I mentioned before, you had to lay your hands on the head of the sacrificial animal, symbolically transferring your sin to the animal which then bore the consequences, death. As Christians, we identify with Christ our sacrifice. Paul tells us in Romans 3, "For all," that's a big word, all have sinned and come short of the glory of God. As Isaiah said that we read earlier, our righteousness is not sufficient. Paul goes on, "Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus, whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation." Propitiation means atonement, mercy, reconciliation. A propitiation through faith in his blood to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are passed through the forbearance of God. Forbearance means merciful restraint. Peter said in 1 Peter chapter 1, "For as much as you know that you were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold, from your vain conversation, which means your futile, your your empty way of life, received by tradition from your fathers." But if not through that, how are we redeemed? with the precious blood of Christ as of a lamb without blemish and without spot an acceptable sacrifice. Looking again at the courtyard, we see a kind of picture of the word of God. The word tells us sin has tells us that sin has been judged and put underfoot. Each post or pillar is in a socket of brass, separating it from the world, the soil of the earth, yet in the world. It holds up as its head the redemptive work of Christ in the silver capital. And at the same time displays on every hand the righteousness of God. The the curtain says to the world, "Keep out." But to the one who wants to approach God, come in here. You're welcome. In here is the only path for us to God through Jesus Christ our sacrifice. Even in the wilderness, representing the world, there is a way to approach him. The chords speak of God's love for us, the grace which gives us strength and stability through Christ. Without those cords, the wall falls down. Brother Brandon once likened the outer court of the tabernacle to our Christian life in a sermon, "Why are people so tossed about?" from New Year's Day 1956. I just read a couple of very short excerpts from it. The justified man out here, he walks by daylight. Some days are gloomy. Some days you do not know whether it's really worthwhile to serve God or not. You're walking in the outer court. Sure, you're eating mana. Sure, you're a believer. You you have eternal life. If you die, you go to heaven truly. But what kind of a life are you living? If the worship team would please come. He goes on to say that the weather in the outer court is the same as the weather outside the court. Some sunny days, gloomy and foggy days. It's variable. They say, "But brother Brad, am I ups and downs? Oh, I'm the most miserable person. I have to fight every day." Oh yes, brother. It's where you're walking. That's all right. Then say, "Well, I want to go a little deeper. A little deeper." That's for next time. Here it is. Time to close. And we're only just inside the gate. And there are so many questions. What about the tabernacle? Why a tent and not a proper building? What's inside? How is it constructed? Who constructed it? And who are these priests? Why are they dressed that way? What do they do? This was all nearly 3,500 years ago. Why should we care? How does it apply to us? I ask for your prayers and putting together answers to these and other related questions as we continue this series. I also want to acknowledge my brother Null for his notes and discussions we've had while he was here this last month about the tabernacle. Finally, for this evening, we recognize that the linen wall around the whole tabernacle complex forms a sanctuary, a place set aside for worship. for renewal, for cleansing, for approaching God. As brother Daniel comes to conclude tonight's service, let's worship in this sanctuary and sing together. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and [singing] holy, [music] tried and true, with [music] thanksgiving. I'll be a living [singing] sanctuary for you. Lord, [music] prepare me to be a [singing] sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true with thanksgiving. Amen. Now what struck me the most is when brother Ly put up the the diagram of the tabernacle there and the uh the structure that surrounded the tabernacle the the court 150 ft by 75 ft. I think that was the I think that's the um dimensions you gave. And then the tent way back inside of that. I mean 150 ft by 75 ft. That's smaller than the lot that I live on. And God blessed this place. And God designed it himself. I asked brother Lyall, I said, "If you could kind of go into some of the details, the reason the details are important is because they're in the Bible. God saw it fit to design the silver, the brass, the the gate facing east, the um the different the ways even the the the courts that supported the the the fence, the &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; um the court, the the the perimeter. and he had a way to do it. And it's just amazing to me that of all the whole world that that little tiny structure with all of these little tiny details was the place that God blessed. And the pillar of fire was over it by night, and the pillar of cloud was by day. Wasn't it neat seeing the the picture that Brother Lyle had of of the tabernacle of uh the one in Israel? Wow. Just this little humble little thing and that's the tabernacle in the wilderness. It's just amazing to me. Bill, thank you. I appreciate you doing this and going through these these little details. They are important or else they wouldn't be in our Bible. Let's all stand. Brother Aaron. Oh Lord, prepare me. to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, [singing] [music] tried and true, with thanksgiving. [singing] I'll be a living sanctuary for you. Oh Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, [music] pure and holy, tried and true, with thanksgiving. I'll be a living sanctuary [singing] for you. Brother Ed, you're back with us. Could you come and close for that doole? Kathy went back and visited family past couple weeks and brother we miss you. I was thinking as brother Ly was talking and seeing the diagram and 150 ft and 75 ft wide. Just trying to put it in perspective from here to those doors is already 71 ft. So, it wasn't really a massive area, but the details that God place an emphasis on just on the tabernacle, and I was thinking also if he was so concerned about those little details on the tabernacle, how much more is he concerned about us? That's right. &gt;&gt; The details in our life. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So take that and just ponder that for a little bit and know what a merciful God we serve. &gt;&gt; Let's pray. Our heavenly father, Lord, as brother Lyall brought forth the beginning of this series, Lord, and and read the scripture and how you were So mindful of the little details all the way down to the to the pins that would hold the tent, the curtain around the the tent, Lord, and the inner court. And thank you, Lord, how much you're mindful of us. And Father, we're thankful for your word and for this study. Now, Lord, as we would close this service. We want to commit ourselves into your hands and ask that you'd go with us and bless us this evening. Lord, prepare us, Lord, to serve you even more. And and for the service coming up this Sunday, we'd ask that you would prepare everything, Lord. Bless each one that's here as they go. Grant them rest this evening. be with us tomorrow and the remainder of this week and we give you praise, honor and glory in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Vera land a kind of home for a country to which I've [singing] never been before. Sad goodbye. [music] Will there be spoken? For time won't matter anymore. Build the land. I am longing for you. And someday [music and singing] on thee I'll stand there. [singing] My home shall be eternal. You la land, sweet land. I'm looking [singing] now across that river where my faith will end inside. There's just a few more days to labor. Then I will [singing] take my heavenly fly. Oh, build the land. I am longing for you. And someday [music and singing] on thee I'll stand. There my [singing] home shall [singing] be &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; eternal. Bua land sweet land. One more time the chorus. Oh Bill land, I am longing for you. And someday on thee I'll stand there. My [singing] home shall be eternal land sweet land. Beautiful song. So so many things are symbolic and even the Hebrews wandering in the wilderness. wanting to go over that Jordan River. It's just similar to that song. We want to go over into that promised land, into that beautiful land. It's uh it's a promise. We're going to get there one day. Reminder for service this Sunday. I'm going to get back into sermon on the mount. We'll start with Matthew chapter 6 verse one. And uh we'll see how far we get. I'll read it so you're thinking about it. Take heed that you do not your alms before men to be seen of them otherwise you have no reward of your father which is in heaven. Most of the chapter is going to be about that about uh about your motives. Why are you doing things? Why why are you making an offering? So look forward to that on Sunday. And Sunday evening, we'll probably have a prayer service and hopefully some some good it's always good music, but hopefully some song specials. God bless you, friends. Pray the Lord be with you. You're dismissed. I am longing for you. And someday [singing and music] on thee [music] I'll stand there. My home shall be eternal. Build the land. Rebuke the second verse. I'm looking now across the river to where my faith will end inside. There's just a few more days to live. Then I will take my heavenly father. Oh, beautiful land I am longing for you. And someday [singing and music] on thee I'll stand there. My home shall be [music and singing] eternal. Build the land. Sweet land. Oh lamb. I am longing [music] for you. And someday [singing] on thee I'll [music and singing]
