################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-07 - [2025-09-07pm] Tape: 54-0624 The Deep Calleth To The Deep | Pastor David McGeary Sr. - David McGeary Sr - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-07
Title:   [2025-09-07pm] Tape: 54-0624 The Deep Calleth To The Deep | Pastor David McGeary Sr.
Speaker: David McGeary Sr
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ul-WusaxH50
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You want to Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Why would When giants come calling, let's all stand and sing it. My God is so much bigger. Travel. Why would I hunger? I will reach his own faith. [Music] Our God is so much better. All of this I won't be shen. [Music] I won't lose. My God is faithful. His promises is true. I speak to the mountain. It's time to move. [Music] My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. My enemies scatter. Ain't no battle is done. My God is stronger. The victory already won [Music] &gt;&gt; and on the third day. [Music] Oh my God is greater than heaven. [Music] I won't be sh I won't be. My God is faithful. His promises is true. I speak to the mountain. It's time to move. [Music] My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Aren't you glad you serve a big God and who's greater and more powerful than anything? But agre, if you could just come and open our service in prayer tonight. Amen. Let's pray. [Music] forc forch. [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. May turn around and welcome someone in the house of God. Amen. All our visitors will welcome you tonight. God bless you. Amen. Amen. God bless you. May have your seat. He came to live. Holiver perfect. Oh, he came to be. Oh, the living word. Oh, and he came to die. Oh, soul will be recon. He came to rise. Oh, and to show his power. [Music] That's why we praise him. That's why we sing. Oh, and that's why we offer him everything. That's why we bow. Oh, and we worship his king. Oh, causing everything. Hallelujah. Just sing about it. Oh, cuz he gave me his name. Oh, and he came to me. Oh, a living. Oh, and he came to me. King. Oh, and he came to hear. Oh, and show the last one. Oh, he came to God and prepare a place for us. That's why we praise him. That's why we sing. And that's why we offer him our thing. That's why we bow and we worship this king for causing him everything. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelu. Oh, that's why we praise him. That's why we sing. Oh, and that's why we offer him. We That's why we bow. Oh, and we worship his king. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, sing that second verse again. Oh, he came to me. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, he came to me. King and he came to him and show us what he came to and prepare for us. That's why we praise him. That's why that's why we all [Music] that's why we bow and we worship this king. All because he is everything. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Oh that's why we praise him. That's why we sing. Oh and that's why we offer him. everything. That's why we bow and we worship his king. Oh, because he gave him he's everything. Oh, cuz he gave Heal. [Music] Don't you love him tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. And the king who came and he became one with this subject. Amen. That we may inherit eternal life. Amen. Amen. Sister Rebecca Smith as a special. Right after that, Brother David Kingo has his. Amen. [Music] When I woke up this morning, your presence filled the room. With a grateful heart, I just shook my head as I bowed in all of you. Lord, you have been so faithful, so loving, kind, and true. And every morning your mercies are new. Today my heart is overwhelmed by what you've done for me. And my mind cannot grasp the depths of your generosities, the riches of your mercies, the wonders of your ways. And my voice cries out in endless praise. You have been good. You have been good more than I could ever dream you would. You have been good. You have been good immeasurably more than you should. Lord, you have been good [Music] for my home and my old family. Every need you did provide. But most of all, on a rugged cross, you gave your life for mine. I'm forgiven, pardoned, sanctified, and I know that I've been redeemed. And one day I will worship at your feet. [Music] Good. You have been good. more than I could ever dream you would. You have been good. You have been good. It matters probably more than you should. Lord, you have been good. So no matter what the future holds or what tomorrow brings, you are sovereign God of the universe. You are Lord of everything. [Music] You have been good. You have been good. More than I could ever dream you would. You have been good. You have been good. Imaging more than you should. Lord, [Music] you have been good. [Music] I measurably more than you should. Oh, you have been good. [Music] [Applause] God bless you all. Just want to sing a song praise just to thank the Lord. He's been doing a lot of amazing things. And um you know if we were to take a service of just thanksgiving and testimonies it's so many sometime we just let it you know slide by of great things God does you know there's so many even in the little detail you know a little one is just even you know headaches that comes through and you know you pray for it and then a few minutes later you know the headache is gone you know and things like that and sometime we just let it slip under the rug. when it's just the wonders of God. You know, I want to sing a song this evening. If you know the song, please help me sing it. It says, uh, I say amen. I think we know the song. [Music] Sorry, seems a little high. [Music] beyond this flesh that you can see now. Beyond those weaknesses of this flesh, there is a connection invisible. with Jesus Christ. I don't know how. I don't know why. I cannot explain the love of God for my soul down inside of me. When I hear the word, my heart say amen. [Music] I say amen. Beyond this flesh that you can see now, beyond the weaknesses of this flesh, there is a connection, invisible with Jesus Christ. [Music] I don't know how. I don't know why. I cannot explain the love of God for my soul. But down inside of me, when I hear the word, my heart say, "Amen." [Music] I say, "Amen. [Music] [Music] He has said I would be perfect. [Music] with the virtues of Jesus Christ himself. But I look around, I still see so much imperfection shown to me by the devil, my enemy trying to get me sad and depressed. But I stand right up on my two feet. I look at him straight in the eye and I say, "I don't know how. I don't know why. I cannot explain the love of God for my soul. But down inside of me, when I hear this message, my heart says, "Amen." I say amen. He has said I would be raptured to fly away in the sky and discover this other dimension. [Music] I can still feel the force of gravity trying to get me down. to this earth and get me stuck to this plane. I look at him straight in the eye and I say, "I don't know how. I don't know why. I cannot explain the love of Christ for my soul. Down inside of me. When I hear the word, my heart says, "Amen." I say, "Amen." Amen. God bless you. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Aren't you, aren't you glad you have something deep inside &gt;&gt; calling for the reality of God? Not just some intellect, but the God, the manifested word for the hour that we are living in. Amen. We have couple of requests we want to bring before the church. But to writes, he has unspoken um requests for several items this week. We certainly want to remember him. Uh but a Jeff writes requesting prayer for a co-work named Orlando. We certainly want to remember him. But a Ricardo writes uh uh requesting prayer for my wife is sick. And I also know that uh uh brother Paul's wife, sister Espiran, she's not feeling well. I want to remember her tonight. Uh brother Paul texted me a testimony a testimony. I just like to read it quick before we take the uh the offerings. I can find it. Um U said, "Hello, my brothers." They said, "I'd like to just share a testimony for uh God's goodness. When I returned from Brazville, my wife told me that the woman who braids my uh uh who braids her hair uh had uh a six-year-old daughter hospitalized with blood cancer, leukemia. Uh we prayed for her at home and two weeks later on Sunday after church uh something told me to go to the hospital to pray for her. When I arrived I saw the girl's face swollen and her mother told me that the doctor told her that the cancer is out of control. I urged her uh with a testimony uh of brother Brennham's healing and prayer for her. It said last night her mother called my wife and tell her that the doctor said that she was completely healed. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. He writes, "The latest results are normal. Praise be the name of the Lord." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We serve a living God, my brother, my sister. We don't have to be ashamed of this message. We This is a sure way. a show way word of testimony that's been given to us. Amen. If you have another request on your heart, just leave your to up to him and the brothers that are taking the offerings if you could come. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Our gracious father lord your word is so beautiful to us and father what we desires is the manifestation of your promises in our lives. Father, when we hear testimonies like this, it lifts up our hearts, Lord, to know that our God is walking in the midst of the candlesticks and in his people, Lord, and he's there to make the word a reality. Father, I know that all you've asked for us to do is to believe. And when we believe, coming before you, Lord, I know one thing that your promises are true and amen that you will walk in our midst and make it true. Father, for every afflicted hand tonight, Father, may your spirit, Lord, may your angels just go behind it, Lord, and touch each one. And for the unspoken request and whatever the need is, Father, you are more than sufficient for all that we have need of. We lift up your name tonight. Not a man, but you, the Lord Jesus Christ, manifested in the age that we are living in to make yourself a reality. The true original word that was spoken in the beginning, we have it once again in our hands. Lord, lead us and guide us. Let us not be astray. Let us not look to the left and right, but look solely to Jesus Christ and him alone because you are the true bread of life that's been given for us to live. We commit everything we are. And ask this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We pray. Amen. Oh, and on the wings of a snow. Why? Oh, and God send his pers. Oh, a sign from above. On the wings of bird, sing it one more time. Oh, and on the wings of a snow I Oh, and God send his pure sweet love. Oh, sign from above on the wings of earth. Sing that first prayer. Oh, and no he came on the flame. He searched for the land in various ways. Oh, and trles he has. Hallelujah. Oh, by the time from [Music] God gave me a son on the wings. &gt;&gt; Let's all stand and sing it as we cross. Oh, and on the wings of the sto. [Music] Let's pray again. and our gracious father, we ask you to bless us in the wonderful name of the Lord Jesus, we pray. Amen. May God bless you. You may be seated this evening. We uh just going to say a a few words uh before uh we uh go forward and just uh to make the emphasis on what that were pointing out to us. So, I'd like to read that statement that I read to you this morning from the message of the rising of the sun. Um, like again, I don't have paragraphs in this book, but it says the first one uh all through he had he had been typed many times. &gt;&gt; That's right. And we and we'll see later that he was a type out of this uh uh out of this real the first fruits of them that slept. So I don't know if you can find that quote again. Um it's it's just right after he reads the a a scripture or two uh there in the rising of the sun. It's about page um page 15. I'm sorry I don't have a paragraph book, but I'll read it and then maybe they can find it. So listen, he says he says the first one. So he's talking about the you know that Jesus was the first one that rose out from the prophets. He's the first one that rose from the dead. He's placing the things that he was first. And he says, although it's been typed many times, as we'll see later, that he was a type, but this is really the first fruits of them that slept. And he was waved over the promised seed that that had promise of life. That's right. &gt;&gt; He was waved at the day of Pentecost when there came a sound from heaven like a waving mighty rushing wind and was waved over the people at Pentecost. &gt;&gt; People that was up at the Pentecostal waiting for the blessings to come. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And to be waved again. We realize it in the last days. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; According to Luke 17:30, in the Sunday in in the s day, the Sunday again in the days that the son of man would be revealed or waved again over the people. &gt;&gt; That's right. So you know many times we hear the expression the word and many times when we talk about the word people think the Bible &gt;&gt; okay but this Bible wasn't even ex in existence &gt;&gt; and yet the word was still working and going and manifesting. So we we and but and we read the uh uh the other scripture uh that we read in the morning uh about uh according to uh uh you know to be back in in its full power according to Luke 17:30, Malachi 4:5 and other scriptures. So, if we if we could put up on the board uh Luke 17:30 and just put that scripture up on the board and so you would look at that scripture and uh they should be able to find that. It's a real common scripture in the message Luke 17:38. All right. Even thus shall it be in the day when the son of man is revealed. Now we say that's a scripture. We say that's the word. But the word of it was really when the son of man was standing there in flesh being revealed. &gt;&gt; So if you would look at the scripture, the scripture was the prophecy or the description. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Then when it came, it was fulfilled. &gt;&gt; And so there was many uh scriptures concerning the coming Messiah written in the Old Testament. They considered that to be the word, the scrolls, the Old Testaments, the writings. But when that came from &gt;&gt; from prophecy, when it came from letter &gt;&gt; and was made flesh, then it was the word made flesh. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word was made flesh. That's what we're built on. were not built on the word that was spoken or the word that was prophesied because you would still be looking for it &gt;&gt; as they are today. But if you are built on that word being fulfilled and made flesh, &gt;&gt; like we said this morning, you've got to have faith that you're dead, that your sins have been forgiven, and that old man has died. In other words, you can talk about Calvary. You can talk about what Jesus did, but until what he did becomes a reality to you and you know he's forgiven my sins, he's he's put that old man to rest and he's created in me a new creature. Then you know you've got scripture, but you don't have word &gt;&gt; because if I give you my word, it's not my word till what I promised you is fulfilled. Do &gt;&gt; you understand? It's like I I'm going to &gt;&gt; you know I get a lot of people's word they're going to pay me back. &gt;&gt; But until they keep their word, it's it's not word. I I hope I can kind of express that. So we understand this is the word in the day when the son of man shall be revealed. Malachi 4:5. We we can put that up there in the scripture. And uh uh boy, AI ain't very fast, is it? It says, "Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord." That is a prophecy. That's what God said, right? But now that actually has transpired. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; That Elijah has come. &gt;&gt; He's he's been here. We we know Revelations uh 10 and and and seven. You you know that as it is in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, the mysteries of God shall be finished. That was written in here. You might say, "Well, that's the word. That's the Bible." But if it's it's it's an incomplete unfinished if it doesn't become a reality. &gt;&gt; So that's become a reality. Oh, you haven't found that yet in Revelations. Revelations is the last book in the Bible. I'm just having fun with Dylan back there. Forgive me. All right. Behold, in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mysteries of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants, the prophets. &gt;&gt; All right? So now that's come to pass. So, we've got these three scriptures here, three promises of God, three things that are going to be waved over the people. Okay? That's what God's going to do. We just read it in our thought. We talked about the sheep offering that that's what it was going to do. It was going to be waved over the people. the elected seed of God was going to have this waved over him because the sheep offering is is to show the seed that was planted what it's going to become. &gt;&gt; You that's the way it God put that in there in shadows and types and he said Jesus was the first one that came from the dead. you know, and and it uh uh uh Joel and went through that. He said, "Though the skin worms eat my flesh, yet shall I see God." You know, is there life after a plant witherth? And and so we see these things are spoken. So now what we're what we're sitting back this evening and we want to come back into the realization God is going to wave this in the last day over the people. &gt;&gt; Okay. So the the the voice that was waved can't be different than the voice of the bride. &gt;&gt; We hear that statement a lot. You are the voice in the last day. You are the voice. But if that voice doesn't have any similarity to what was waved, &gt;&gt; then it's you're not so sure that's the voice that he's &gt;&gt; of the last day. &gt;&gt; I'm not trying to be critical. You understand? I I'm I'm standing here doing my job &gt;&gt; as a shepherd, &gt;&gt; you know, warning the sheep. say you've got to be careful what road you're going down and where it's going to end up. It looks good. It sounds good. &gt;&gt; Okay. But let's examine it. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; By the word of God, &gt;&gt; right? Let's know it by its fruit. &gt;&gt; So now we're going to watch this evening. So I know you've all seen it. Okay? And I remember the first time I sat it I I watched that film. I was so nervous I couldn't hardly stand it. You know, he seems like he's fumbling around and he's looking for things to say and and I'm thinking, you got to be kidding me. you know, I thought he's just gonna go out there and go zap zap zap zap, you know, like Cesob de Mills or, you know, and then this guy shows up, you know, and then he finally says, you know, I'm waiting for something and and then he apologizes if I've said anything boastful. fault. But when that head goes back like this, he goes, &gt;&gt; "He's here, &gt;&gt; buddy." He says, "I take every spirit in this building under my control. I like to come out of my seat." &gt;&gt; But what I'm wanting to you to understand is watch what God presented. This is what God chose &gt;&gt; to wave over his elected. &gt;&gt; This is the nature, the personality, the man. And remember the other film we saw and brother Armbbrite and and I forget the other brother's name that came in. Brother Bram looked like a &gt;&gt; Excuse the expression. You know, he was a small man, maybe 5'7, I believed, 135 pounds. You You know what I mean? It's like you're starting to say, "Well, I would have picked Saul, &gt;&gt; right? But God picked David, &gt;&gt; I would have picked a great orator, but God picked a humble man from Kentucky with no education, no background." So you if you don't understand how God's presenting and filling his word, you have no bearing. You have no measuring stick. &gt;&gt; You understand? You don't have any way to measure any ministry. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, they preach what? They they preach out of brother Brandham's books. They preach out of the Bible." &gt;&gt; Right? But it wasn't the word. &gt;&gt; Just because they grab this book &gt;&gt; and they take chosen quotes &gt;&gt; and they match them up any way that they want to present something that they believe in. And this goes for me too. &gt;&gt; You've got to examine me &gt;&gt; by the same method. Brother Rem says you answer the problem but but they answer by solving the problem. You know you subtract you add one way subtract the other. You should get it. So what if we did the subtracting side and see if we get the same answer. So what you're going to see is you're going to see God is now going to fulfill Malachi 4:5. &gt;&gt; You're not seeing William Brandom standing there. You're seeing Malachi 4:5 standing there. William Brandham happened to be the name &gt;&gt; of the vessel &gt;&gt; you're seeing Luke 17:30 &gt;&gt; the son of man &gt;&gt; revealing the thoughts and intents of the people &gt;&gt; God veiled in a prophetic ministry standing there look at what he chose look how he chose to present it look at the simplicity of the sermon look at the nature look at the humble He didn't pre preach great excessive words. Seemingly not a whole lot of enthusiasm or an emotion. &gt;&gt; Oh, I saw that eagle and I I I cried like a baby and you're sitting back and saying what is the purpose of this? And then it's then also I can say the purpose of it was so in our day when things are drifting away from the messenger. They're drifting away from his nature. They're drifting away from the importance of his ministry and trying to put the importance of the ministry on the quote bride. In other words, he's gone now. You're it. &gt;&gt; And I'm saying you're not it without him. &gt;&gt; When you can present it and your voice becomes his voice, &gt;&gt; when your nature becomes his nature, because remember we read it this morning, he even becomes closer and more in the image of a son. He's starting to look a lot more like a son now. Discerning the thoughts and intents of the heart, praying for the s like Paul said, that's where we want the gospel go. We don't want all the miracles to happen here. You're already believers. &gt;&gt; We want the miracles to happen out there where they might know that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. So now, as we watch this, it's going to be an hour. We'll go right into communion. But what you're seeing is the way that God chose to fulfill the scripture in this day. You're seeing Revelations 3 and 14 and the the seeing the angel, seeing the messenger, you're seeing him. That's the voice. The bride is not going to have a different voice. &gt;&gt; Look at the nature. Look at the manner. Look at the way. Paul said, "Be ye followers of me as I am of Christ." He's giving us the light. And when the word is fulfilled, that's the light for that age. And we are, as we read this morning, we are to become the children of the age, this age. So you see the messenger age, you see the spirit of the age, you see the manner of the age, you see the voice of the age. That's what God chose to wave over you. And then you can look at that depending on the effect of that upon you and your nature and your personality and what God makes that mean to you, you will see what it brings alive in you. &gt;&gt; So if if the scripture says that if the enemy comes in like a flood that God will raise up a standard. So, I'm presenting you the standard &gt;&gt; because Satan is promised to appear as an angel of light. &gt;&gt; So, he's not going to come in. Satan is not going to show up and tell you Malachi 4 is not true. He'll show up with Malachi 4:5, but it won't have any nature or any of the voice or any of the teachings. And so as you look at this, just watch this from, if I could humbly say this, from the viewpoint of what God chose to show you and to wave over you. And this is the voice of God to you in this last days. All his fumbling, all his story, everything, the whole picture. Get the picture. This is what w is captured. It's on tape. It's many places you can see. Handing out prayer cards, all those things. It's the way that God chose to do it. Not the way we want to make it, not what we want to turn it into, not how we think it should have been done. This is how God chose to do it. So, God bless you. I hope tonight that it's a blessing. And I'll tell you, this man had a wonderful personality &gt;&gt; and nature. I believe it was the nature of Jesus Christ and the God's Jesus was the personality of God. &gt;&gt; Do you know that &gt;&gt; Jesus was the personality of God? And when you have the same spirit he had, you'll have that personality in nature. I guess we'll turn off the lights. Is that correct? Can you boys turn off those lights right there? You just hit those switches. Here we go. It's got to be a deacon's voice. One, two. Keep going. Going. All right. And hit the two inside ones. Oh, let's hit another one. One more. Good enough. Does that help? &gt;&gt; You know, I wired this place. I thought they ran this way, but uh shows you what I remember. This is This is wonderful. This is God waving the sheath offering over you. God bless you. Oh my. There's no two Holy Spirits. And that same Holy Spirit that led Simeon that night or that morning to the Christ has led you here tonight &gt;&gt; because you believe the promise of the Holy Spirit. And he's just as obligated to you as he was to Simeon. the same because he's God and he has to keep his word. Then I can see Simeon, he craved, he desired to see the Christ. He believed what the word of God had said to him. No matter what the critics said, he believed the word of God. There was a yearning in his heart to see the Christ and he believed he would. As David said, when the deep calleth to the deep, many of you in here believe in divine healing. Do you you believe in divine healing? The very reason that you believe in divine healing proves there is a divine healing. When we come to America, we found the American Indian. He was worshiping something of the sun, the moon, and nature because in him he's a human being and he knows he had a maker. So there was something within his human heart called out to worship. It is to every mortal. You might worship your automobile, your job, your house or something, you'll worship something. So if there's any idol, take it out and let Jesus Christ have first place. &gt;&gt; Let him be first of all. Then the hunger deep, as David said, when the deep callest to the deep at the noise of thy water spouts. Now the deep calling to the deep. For instance, this if there is a deep in your calling, there has to be a deep to respond to that call. Maybe I'll make myself clear as this. I'm a great lover of nature. And going into the woods, I watch the sunset. I hear the animals scream of the wild. My mother's a half Indian. So, it is something about it in my blood that I I love nature. And when I hear the call from the wild, there's something sets my soul on fire. I can't help it. Just recently I was up in Colorado and I was standing up on a mountain and I was watching an old mother eagle as she brought her little ones from the nest and on her wings and set them down in a grassy pasture. And then she flew back up to the top very peak of the highest rock she could get to and she sat down. She began to watch while I was watching through by binoculars. My horse was hitched to a tree and I was watching and I said, "Lord, I like this." And it seemed to me that I smell if you was ever around an eagle's nest and they make it out of sharp sticks and things and then poor little eagles were just walking on those sticks and thorns. They never know nothing else. But one day the mother spread forth her wings and they stepped on the wings and went out. Now I looked at those little fellas and they were just having a a Pentecostal revival. They were just running around on that soft grass just picking here and chirping to one another and jumping over each other just as free as they could be. I thought, well, that's right. Now, there is like a man in the old nest of the world knows nothing but that what the devil can give him. But one day, God picks him up and sets him down in the shady green pasture. Oh, how he rejoices. He's free. There's nothing, no harm. I thought, well, why ain't those little fellas afraid? Wonder if they realize there's coyotes around that would pick them up. But every once in a while, they would look up and the old mother was sitting up there watching them. I thought, well, praise be to God. That's right. He taken me out of the nest of the world and he climbed the ramparts of glory setting on high watching over his heritage to see that no harm come. I thought if a coyote would start towards one of those illegals she'd flog him to death. I thought that's right. Let Satan take after a believer and he's got Jesus Christ on his hands. That's right. Let him take After a while she is watching her great majestic head looking around. She's on the highest rock that she could find cuz she could see everywhere. Her sharp eagle eyes watching. And after a while, I seen her raise her head through my 10 power binoculars. I seen her raise her head and look around. She was whipping the air and I thought, "What is it?" Way back in the north, a northerner started. The thunder roared. She let out a scream and down through there she went, throw forth those big wings right out on that grassy prairie. And every one of those little eagles ran over real quick. They were instructed perhaps before leaving the nest. They caught their little feet right in the feathers. Throw their little mouth down. Little Bill hooked it around the feather. And she raised with that bunch of eagles on her wings and went just as straight piercing that wind blowing nearly 50 mph then right into the cliff of the rock. I cried like a baby. How about some glorious day &gt;&gt; when this revival is over, he'll come from glory, spread forth these great wings of power, and the little eagles will hook their bills into there and fly away into glory with him. &gt;&gt; Deeps calling to the deep. &gt;&gt; If the deep's calling, there's a deep who respond. In other words, before there was a tree to grow on the earth, there had to be an earth to grow in first. God never made the tree for the earth. He made the earth for the tree. He made the earth and commanded the earth to bring forth a tree. And the earth was a calling till the tree come forth. Before there was a fin on a fish's back, there was no water for him to swim in. The reason he's got a fin is because there was water for him to swim in to use it. Everything that we have is for a purpose and for a cause. Here some time ago I was reading where a little boy eat the racers off a pencil. He eat all the rubber he could find. He even eat the pedal off of a bicycle. And they didn't know what was wrong with the little lad. So they took him down for an examination to the doctor at the clinic. And after examining, they found out his little body needed sulfur. And sulfur is in rubber. And he was eating the rubber to get the sulfur. Now, here it is. Get it? There had if there was something inside here calling for sulfur. There had to be a sulfur to respond to it before it could call. See what I mean? Now before there when the deep calls to the deep before there can be a deep call, there has to be a deed to respond to it. And then as sure as you people a few years ago who probably was sinners, maybe you were in some formal church that did not believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit, but you heard the message. There was something in there called out for more of God. You might have been living in a justified state before God, but you wanted the baptism of the spirit and you hungered for it. Now, the very reason that there is a Holy Spirit is because you were hungering for it. You had never hunger for it unless there was something in here to call for it out there. See what I mean? And then the very reason that you're here tonight, you believe in divine healing. And if there was even taught in the Bible, if you group of people believed in divine healing, there has to be a fountain open somewhere or you never have the desire for it. If you got the desire to be healed by God, there's a God to heal you. That's right. For the dean calls to the dean. That's the way it was with Simeon. He knew that there was coming a Christ and he knew that God promised him that he would see him before he died. Now notice then as Simeon was led, isn't this strange? Just when Jesus came on the scene, Simeon was led by the Holy Spirit right to Christ. by the Holy Spirit who gave the promise and the Holy Spirit who gave the promise of divine healing has led you here tonight right to the fountain where it's open tonight for whosoever will right now right in the same Holy Spirit leading leading sons of God who believe the promise of God you see what I mean every one of you sons and daughters of God is led here because you believe God's promise oh when I think of it then I'll I think way over in the corner was an old woman. We're taught that she was blind. Her name was Anna. She was the prophetess waiting for the coming of the Lord. God's under obligation to show her the Christ. And the Holy Spirit moved upon and and I can see that old blind prophetus that morning coming along through that building blind led by the Holy Spirit moving along the all along those people. come down along that line of women and stop right in front of the fountain for she was led by the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Yes, he's here tonight. He has risen from the dead. He's given you the promise. The Holy Spirit's brought you together. If you wasn't here tonight, if the Holy Spirit hadn't brought you here, you'd be out somewhere in the world. But you're sitting here in this hot building fanning because why? You're expecting to see Jesus Christ come on the scene and confirm his word. Expectations. If you expect to come just to find something to criticize, the devil will sure show you plenty to criticize. You certainly will. You get what you expect. Some of them say, "Well, if I if I don't get up in a prayer line, if I see something like this, then I'll believe." You'll get what you expect. I'm expecting tonight to see the Holy Spirit come and manifest himself in power, pour out his glory up in this building here. Many receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Sinners weep they were at Calvary. Sick be healed. All manners of signs and wonders because Jesus Christ has promised it. &gt;&gt; And I believe his promise. Shall we pray? Heavenly Father, as thy word is truth, confirm thy word with signs and wonders of the resurrected Jesus. We know that when he was on earth, he didn't claim to be a great person. He only claimed that you showed him visions what to do. He knew the thoughts of the people, their conditions. He knew when the woman had a blood and she had touched his garment, she was standing out there and she seen she could not be hid for Jesus was looking right at her. He knew. He said, "Thy faith has saved me." And father, we know that he is here tonight because he promised to be. &gt;&gt; And our confidence is anchored in him, in his word. We're sure we have seen him in the manifestation of his great resurrection here on earth, working among his people in his church. And Lord, let us be today the lightgivers of this age that when the great drama is set at the end of the road and each one of us comes up before you and the great scream is pulled out and our lives of this generation is brought back before us. God, let me hear my voice screaming against unrighteousness and calling to people to believe on Jesus thy son. Bless the people here tonight. There's such intense heat and I pray God that you'll give them a special blessing. May the soothing powers of the Holy Spirit take away all the thoughts of this. And Lord, sanctify thy servant just now for the service coming on standing here realizing that eyes will be turned this way. And I pray, Father, that in humility that you'll let your great glorious power be known to everyone. And as thy unworthy servant has found grace in thy sight for tonight, may you take this unworthy person, move the being out and come in, Lord Jesus, and speak to your people. And when life is all over here on earth, the last prayer has been prayed, the battles are all done, smoke's dried up, gone away, arms are stacked, the Bible's closed, and we come up to your house. That great morning breaks eternal bright and fair when the chosen ones shall gather to their home beyond the sky. As the port said, Lord, as we see that great table stretched out there for that supper, thousands of miles long, looking across the table to each other, battle scarred veterans, tears of joy running down our cheeks. The king come out in his beauty. Holiness walk down along the table and take his own hands and wipe the tears from her eyes, saying, "Don't cry no more. It's all over. Enter into the joys of the Lord. The toils of the road will seem nothing. Then, Father, when we get to the end of the way, and help us tonight, Lord, to forgetting those things which are in the past, let us press the mark of the high calling now. And may your spirit come and manifest your son Jesus Christ to these people as I have tried as a mortal to tell them of you being the same yesterday, today, and forever. For we ask that in Jesus name, thy beloved child. Amen. The Lord bless you. And tonight just before the healing services, excuse me for being a baby, but there's something gets in my heart when I talk about him. I remember when I was first called by my ministers when they seen since a little baby visions had come, they'd said, "Billy, don't you never go to that. Said that's the devil." being taught that the clergyman I halfway believed that the visions would be of the wrong. Then when he come to me that night and told me who he was, oh my. And I know that he's here right now and I know his presence and I know I love him. I thought, how could I be a devil and love the Lord Jesus the way I do? How how could my heart believe for him and he knows my heart and he came and told me different. I believe him because it compares with God's word and their word does not compare with God's word for we're living in this day. And now Christian friend I want to say to you all course when it strikes me sometimes you might wonder what happens I I can't explain it. It's beyond me explaining but I get so weak that I can't hardly stand after maybe one or two people that I meet. You might not understand that but just read the scripture. It declares it. I believe the prophet Daniel had saw a vision. He said he was troubled at his head for many days. Is that right? &gt;&gt; And Jesus one time when the woman with enough faith to pull him around to see who she was, he said, "I perceive that virtue, strength has gone out of me." And people right out there when it's not me, Christian, no, I am I'm just a man, chief of sinners, but one born out of season to you full gospel people. That's right. by grace, by God's grace, he lets me call you my brother and sister. And I I love you. And I I'm not here tonight to be seen or heard. I'm not here because of finance side that I you know that. So I'm here for one thing because I love Jesus and I love you. And I believe that the coming by this invitation maybe I could submit myself to him and he would do something through me that would make you love him more and believe him and be healed. That's my the only alternative I had of being here. God bless you. God bless you pastors again and businessmen. And I say to you now before it gets the week sometimes I can't leave the platform. my boy and manager them watches that and I want to say goodbye to you and God bless you and if I never meet you again this side of the great river I will see you in the morning where the and I'll have the testimony that I have now I love the Lord Jesus and the visions God gives me visions that is true the Bible before me and God who is my witness and knows and I can only uh declare and say as he would let me by his grace do. So pray for me. And one more thing I'd like to add. I'm going to Africa, India, Palestine, Germany, and remember in those lands like it was before. Don't think that witch doctors and all those different demonp possessed people are challenger on the ground. And you better know what you're speaking of. That's right. And when the winds are blowing hot and heavy, &gt;&gt; Yeah. persecution is on. Can I remember in Washington DC that somebody's praying for me? Will you promise me that? If you will raise, thank you. God bless you. Thank you much. Now, I think last evening they gave out a 100 prayer cards last night and I believe that number was or that letter was why and I believe I called the first 15 of them last night. I think that is right, isn't it, brethren? the f first 15 of those cards that was given out. Now, we'll call some more of them. And maybe tonight, if faith is coming high, maybe we can get two or three groups of them. And if not, I ask every person here, how many people in here that doesn't have a prayer card and would want to be healed by God tonight? Just raise your hand. Doesn't have a prayer card. &gt;&gt; Well, it's just, you can hardly tell. It's just solid everywhere. I'm going to ask you something. This may be my first time of ever meeting you. It's too bad that we can't stay a little longer in a meeting and you know how to accept divine healing. Divine Many times when people are healed a growth is a is a demon. Every sickness is of the devil. God would put sickness on his children. The devil does that. See, and if Satan cast out Satan, you say, "Well, the devil heals too." Well, Jesus said he couldn't. He said if Satan cast out Satan, his kingdom is divided. So he can't. Only God can heal. Medicine doctors do not claim to heal. Mayo brothers is one of our best authorities. They said we don't claim to heal. Said we only claim to assist nature. There's only one healer. That's God. They can sew a place up in your hand, but they can't heal it. They can only sew it up. A dentist can pull a tooth, but who's going to heal the place? But a doctor can take a pendic out, but who's going to heal the place he cut? God does. Medicine doesn't build tissues. Medicine is only an aid to God. is the healer. &gt;&gt; A doctor can set your arm, but when he comes and sets your arm and you don't go out and you're not well, the doctor does his part. What he's taught to do and knowledge to do, he sets your arm, but he leaves it for God to heal. That's right. All healing is of God. &gt;&gt; So now you just believe him. And sometimes when those gross of life go out of them as a demon, well then those gross die. If the life went out of you, of course you would die. your life will go from you, but the body's still there. It shrinks. There's an undertaker here knows that the human body, anybody, any uh flesh strengths when the life is gone. Watch a little animal when it's when it's uh killed on the road, it'll weigh or some of you hunters here, if you kill an animal, beef or butcher, and you lay it on the scale and weigh it now, just kill it and weigh it and in the morning weigh it again, see how many pounds lighter it is, then let it lay there for 2 or 3 days, then see how many pounds heavier it is. Well, now a growth when it dies, the demon goes out of the growth like tumor, cancer, cataract, so forth. When the demon goes out of it, which is alive, every person here come from one little germ and and you begin to develop cells and those cells uh come into as the nature of the life that was in it which made man. The cell from the dog makes the dog, the bird, the bird, ever after its nature, ever kind. But now a demon which is uh growth or it doesn't have to come in growth. It's starts developing cells. Say for instance cancer it starts to developing cells and becomes larger larger. Well now it's got a life and it's a living just the same as you was living and developing in the womb of your mother. The same thing you're developing. But now that life isn't your life. It's a different life. You've got life to live and that's a life of death or a spirit of death rather, pardon me. And it's death. Now, it doesn't belong in you. It wasn't in there before, but it's there now. Well, then who put that in there? It only has to come from one thing. That's the devil. And it's a germ. Cancer, tumor, any of those things come from a germ. And you come from a germ, too. See? So when that dies for instance like cataracts the person's got cataracts when the spirit leaves the people say oh I can see I can see and the next day they can see much better well then about after about 72 hours corruption that's in like the resurrection of Jesus now the cells didn't corrupt you raised before the three days night of course you see died on Friday afternoon raised Sunday morning because David said I'll not leave his soul in hell neither I suffer from the holy one to see corruption those cells begin to break in 72 heart and uh but and then when the patient when that begins to swell that growth getting bigger they'll of course your heart has to purify the bloodstream. A lady came to me last night, a very faintly godly looking woman with a big cancer that she said she come in the line and said it was all covered over her hair and said I stood looked at her and told her under the spirit she had cancer in her head but said it was going to come off and it come off and she's got it here I guess tonight. You're in a bottle of alcohol right here now. We've had thousands of them. Is the woman in the building? Would you stand up? If the woman's anywhere in the building with that cancer in the alcohol if she's anywhere in the building is she's standing up wave your hand or something so someone would see you. Uh yeah, there's the lady standing there. Okay. And um I've seen him stand right on the platform, just turn white and drop right off on a platform. See, now that's a miracle. Usually when the little growth is dead, the life goes out of it. But the growth, if it can't drop off, it's on the inside. And if it does, of course, it'll lay there for a few days and begin to swell up like any other flesh. The cells will begin to break. Then you get real sick with a fever. Of course, it's an infection like the heart pumps the blood and purifies the body. There's a big lump of flesh laying loose in your body. The patient gets violently sick. Then they say, "Oh, I felt so good when on the platform and for a day or two, but I guess I've lost my healing." Why brother, sister, that's the best sign in the world you've got your healing. See, and then you start disbelieving. And just as sure as your faith taking the life away, your unbelief will bring it back again. It will. It'll resurrect him. Remember Jesus said when the unclean spirit's gone out of the man, he walks in dry places. Then he returns with seven other spirits. Is that right? And the So let the good man of the house faith fear. No matter how you feel, it ain't what you feel, it's what you believe. &gt;&gt; Jesus never did say, "Did you feel it?" He said, "Did you believe it?" That was God bless you. All right. Now, let's see. I believe that was 100 prayer cards he gave out last night. And why? We never got to all of them. Let's take the last 15 of them tonight to try. Who has prayer card 80? That' be Oh, 85. Who has prayer card 85? Would you raise your hand as somebody here somewhere in the prayer card 85? All right. 86. Who has prayer card 86? All right. 87. 87. Do I see someone with prayer card 87, please? If you would you stand up. 80 or 87 is what? See somebody maybe can't get up. Maybe they're on a stretcher. Maybe they're deaf. And and they say, "Well, no one helped me." And I I get the backy of it in my office. They say, "Well, I was there." And and you just said, "Uh, from so and so to so and so, and nobody helped me." And maybe he was deaf. Now, look, we got 85, 86, 87. Look on your neighbor's card and see he may be deaf. He can't hear. 87. Thank you, sister. 88. Who has 88? Prayer card. 88. Is it in the village? 88. All right. 89. is player card. 89. Can you get up? 89. Is it hand up for 89? All right. 89. All right. 90. 90. [Music] And no matter what he says do, you do it. Just do it. Just just you go do just what it says do. Now I'm your brother and just a man. Now if he will come and and take this for frame and blessed enough to let his holy spirit work through it. Then you'll see Jesus Christ moving in the audience. And now, no matter how much he would vindicate himself here, if you don't believe him, he can't do nothing for you. Is that right? &gt;&gt; No matter if he'd stand right here by my side, visibly as you could see, well, if you didn't believe me, I couldn't do nothing for you. But my my words will be just what he has said out of his scripture. And I'll pray with all my heart that God will help you. cuz there'll be probably mothers and dads and so forth in here that's that's sick and afflicted and needy and I'll ask God to help you the best of my knowledge. All right, line up over here on the right. Now, let's all bow our heads just a moment. Kind father, we pray in the name of thy son Jesus. May the Holy Spirit come now and manifest the works of Jesus Christ. Bless these people everywhere and make them to be whole. Make them well. make them healthy, happy, and now in order to do this, Father, thou knowest the frail and uh th of thy servant. And I I don't know what to say or what to do. And now I have did this all at thy command. And I believe that you will be here tonight to bless and to help these people. And father, if you'll just let the Holy Spirit come to your servant and reveal these things to us, what we should do and how we should do them, then we will all be happy and rejoice. And this audience will believe on you with one heart and a heart. And Father, I ask you this as your servant. Let not one feeble person leave this building tonight. May they everyone go well and healthy and rejoicing. do it will you father I pray with grace in my heart and faith in Jesus Christ's name amen now many times is there someone on those lights someone at the lights that could move them now sometimes this Holy Spirit it comes and many of you seen this picture if I ever come again I'll bring you some of them as brother Moore was telling tonight it's been taken several times and in the books, I guess you all got them. We I only had two boxes. So, I uh I hope you enjoy them real well. And um they you look in there, you'll see another picture of it where it settled down in a newspaper photographer caught that one in Camden, Arkansas, but it wasn't authentic like this American Association. And they they got it and it was then it became authentic. So we and many thousands of people. I was standing on the river here some time ago baptizing 500 after a revival and it come right down where I was standing and people fainted and just there where it was and it was just like a roar noise of whipping fire. I pray that God will come visible before the audience tonight in that manner here. It's a capital once more glory if I can find favor with God. Now you realize it could come to some eyes and wouldn't to others. We don't want to think that, but it does. John was the one who bare record seeing the spirit of God over Jesus. Is that right? Never said the And the wise men followed a star. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; And it passed over every observatory in the land. Always in the orients and months are coming. And they kept time for the stars. They watched all night long. They kept time. And no one ever saw it. But the wise man did. For they were looking for it. You'd be looking for Christ tonight. You'll see him. The Lord Jesus bless you. All right. Billy, Paul, Brother Moore, somebody is ever is ready. All is got the whole line lined up. Billy, the whole 15. All 15 lined up. Now, to the rest of you, try the ones that hasn't got a prayer card and know you won't be in the line. I want you to look this way and just believe. And you believe with the same kind of faith that that woman had touched his garment and he turned and said, "Thy faith has saved thee." Do you believe he's the same tonight? &gt;&gt; Do you believe in all that howling mob, that poor little old blind man sitting down to the walls of Jericho, probably twice the distance of his building, a scream and a hollering, "Have mercy on me." Jesus perhaps never heard his call, but he felt his faith had moved and all that bunch of critics. And he turned and said, "Thy faith has saved thee." He turned into the audience and said differently, "Why reason ye in your heart?" Said to the woman at the well, "Go get your husband." And he said, "I can do nothing except the father shows me." I asked you something. If what I have said is the truth, if it is the truth, then God's obligated to his word. Not to me, but to his word. Is that right? &gt;&gt; He's obligated to his word. And then he will bring that to pass just exactly the way he said he would do it. And if he does do it, will all of you then in here, if you haven't received Jesus Christ, would you be willing to do it? And you that you're that can see his mercy to others, he will have mercy to you if you'll just have faith and believe. Just pray and say, "Lord, I I'm a believer and I want you to heal me tonight and God will do it." We have just left Africa recently where I'm to return again in the next few weeks. Africa, India, Palestine, Germany and the ministry and at Durban, South Africa after about three or four people had passed through the prayer line and they seen the power of the Holy Spirit moving in the people and seen what God was doing, 30,000 accepted Jesus as personal savior in one altar call. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; 30,000 at one time. So I believe if we'll take God's word as the rule and go into all the world and preach the gospel, the gospel came not in word only but through power and demonstration of the Holy Spirit. So the the gospel is demonstrating the power of the Holy Spirit. I've went into nations that say, "Now we don't want missionaries. We know more about it than you do." But the thing we want to see is somebody that's got faith enough to make God's word manifest. That's what they want to see. And that's how they get converted. That's how they find Christ is because they they believe in that manner. And I trust to God with all my heart that there will be many many here tonight who will find Christ the same to their hearts. May the Lord Jesus of Nazareth bless each and every one of you is my prayer. Now, okay. No man seeks God at any time. God seeks man. Never did a man seek God in all the world. God seeking man. When man first fell in the garden of Eden, it showed the strain of man. Man hid. God was hunting man. Jesus said, "No man can come to me except my father draws him." It has to be drawn of the father first and then I would like to explain something to you. Uh seeing a vision, how many people in here ever dreamed a dream? Let's see your hand. I guess twothirds of you. There is true that many people doesn't dream. That's your subconscious. We're taught here's your first conscience. Here's your subconscious. Now this subconscience is what I'm trying uh with the Holy Spirit to work on this first conscience. I might ask this man here, any man along here somewhere, do you believe? Oh yes, sir. You believe it here? Or what about this man down here? He's the one that runs the ship, not the man up in the pilot house. It's the man in the engine room. Sometimes when you go to sleep, you go into this subconscious and you dream. And you dream of things you did when you were here. Then when you wake up, you remember things that you dreamed. You people had dreams many years ago. You dreamed them. You still remembered. Well, there was some part of you somewhere. Isn't that right? Or you wouldn't remember &gt;&gt; something that you dreamed many years ago. Now the man who sleeps sound, his subconscious is way back. It never gets to him. But a seer, his subconscious is not back there. Neither is it here. It's right here. He doesn't go to sleep. He's got his eyes open and he just sees. Now that God gave that man a place where he could sleep sound and not dream. God gave man the way to dream dreams. I'd say dream me a dream. You couldn't do it. And then God, what's in the church? Stum, apostles, prophets, gifts of healing. Is that right? They're all for the perfecting of the church. Paul said, "If there come, if you all speak with tongues and the unlearned comes in, won't he say you're all mad?" But if one prophesies and reveals the secrets of the heart, won't they fall down and say, "Truly, God is with you." &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; Is that the gospel? &gt;&gt; Well, wasn't that Jesus Christ yesterday, &gt;&gt; isn't he? Today, &gt;&gt; you can believe him by speaking with tongues. &gt;&gt; You can believe him by the Holy Spirit. And I believe him in the full measure that he is the same Lord Jesus. He's not dead. He rose from the dead and here tonight here at the platform now. And may he bless and help. I've never been in this country before. And as far as I know, there's not a living soul that I can see before me that I know. Very few here on the platform. Brother Boza, I remember him. I've seen the man there next to him. I don't remember his name, but and I, brother Lindsay, just a maybe three or four ministers sitting here that I know in the building, but God knows all of you. Is that true? &gt;&gt; He knows all of you. &gt;&gt; Now, this lady standing here, God in heaven knows. I never seen her in my life as I know of. &gt;&gt; Are we strangers, lady? Yes, we are perfect strangers. But God knows her. Now, if Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever, let's change a picture now. What he was yesterday when he was going to find out something about a woman, he said, "Bring me a dream." She said, "Wow, it's not customary for this to happen in Jews and so forth with the Samaritans." But Jesus speaking to her a little while, he found just where her trouble was. Is that right? &gt;&gt; Well, now Jesus has risen from the dead now as living in us tonight. A little while the world sees me no more, yet you shall see me. For I I is the personal pronoun. I will be with you, even in you to the end of the world. That's the gospel truth. You might not have read it that way or thought of it that way, but that's the way it's written in the Bible. That's your theology might have bypassed it somewhere, but that's the way it's written in the Bible. I will be with you, even in you to the end of the world. Now, uh, you know, I'm waiting for something that is true. It's the angel of the law. That's true. I'm just as helpless as it could be, just like any of the rest of you. And I'm here perhaps as critics sitting here. How many ever seen his picture? Not of my meetings have seen where the scientific taken this picture. The great light. It comes in. You can watch it. Yes, many of you. It's all thousands of copies of it been sold so forth. The Douglas Studios in Houston, Texas has it where George J. Lacy the one of the best in the research in America taking everything to see it wasn't double exposure or something. And Jesus Christ vindicated himself as being the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now, of course, I wait for him. Whether he will help me tonight, I do not know. And if I have said anything boastfully or anything that I've said out of the way, may God forgive me. I wouldn't mean to do it. I only mean with humbleness of heart to represent Jesus Christ who's listening to me now. And may his mercy be here tonight being I've spoke these things and that being his word. May he come and help us is my prayer. And now as the organ is here somewhere, if you will slowly please real low the song only believe. And everybody please be in a a mood of prayer if you will. You don't have to bow your heads let your ass now in the prayer line you that's coming what be if he rebukes you must if it's it'll be the truth if it is you must be willing to stand it in the audience anywhere if he says you must know it's not me it's him and go make it right the first thing you can do before you can find a cure you've got to find the cause before you can find a cure if you go to a doctor sick and upset and he gives you an aspirin he's not a good doctor, he's trying to get rid of you. If he's a good doctor, he'll diagnose the case till he finds the trouble and then start working from there. That's the same thing we have to do here. If an evil spirit, if there's unconfessed sin or something or some out of the will of God, you can anoint them all night long and cry and scream and do all you wish to. That demon will stay right there. &gt;&gt; That's right. He has a right to. &gt;&gt; But that's what you have to watch. God has put a curse on somebody for something, then you come along and take it off. You get in trouble like Moses did. That's right. Peace, the Holy Spirit. Now, in the name of Jesus Christ, the son of God, I take every person in here under my control for God's glory. Now, I want to talk to you a minute, sister. You're conscious that something's going on. Of course, it's just now happened. Now, if that is true, let the people see by your left lifted hand. That's right. See, if that's that prayer, that's right. See, now I I'm a stranger to you, never seen in my life. And now, if the Holy Spirit that I have spoke of of Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. If I have truly witnessed that to the people and declared it to be the truth and he is the saint, then he will reveal to me something to you that would help you to believe him. If you're here, I don't know what you have need of whether uh but he does. Now, if God will permit that, would you accept your healing and or or whatever it is you want, finance or whatever it is you're here to seek him for, to ask him about or domestic troubles, whatever it might be, whatever it is, he'll know and he'll be able to let me know. Is that right? Right. &gt;&gt; And that would make him the same as he talked to the woman at the well. Now, I'm only talking to you like he did to contact your spirit and I see you moving from you. You're you're You've had a I see a great crash of some sort. It's an accident. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And you it was a car wreck and you were thrown in the air like that. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And it strains you in somewhere in your neck. It's caused a a cancer to come into your neck or and you're some sort of a teach in the scripture and you believe that Jesus Christ makes you well. &gt;&gt; I do. Father God, in the name of thy son Jesus Christ on the authority of God's word by a dying woman, I ask this evil thing to leave her. Satan, you are exposed. So come out of the woman as the church of the living God calls for you to leave in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. Now, just for just a moment, I just want to talk to you. Of course, you know it's gone now. It'll stay that way. See how your throat left? &gt;&gt; Oh, yeah. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; It's all gone from her. The guarder has left her throat and she God bless you. Go on your road now and be thankful, happy, and rejoice and be fine. Now, just have faith in the Lord Jesus. Make him into your center of your thought right now. the Lord Jesus. As you think on these things, while they were thinking on these things, they were one accord. Remember Jesus the same yesterday, today, and forever. He is the same today. Now have faith. Watch this way audience and believe with all your heart and give me your undivided attention. Be in prayer. Keep faith in God. Now I believe this is the lady. Is this the patient? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; All right. Come near, sister. Of course, that won't hurt you now. That's that's just his presence that you're conscious of. And I an audience I I'm your brother. I This is not psychology. I felt that coming from the audience. It isn't. It's almighty God. See, you see it's not psychology. No, it is. Now, don't do that. Just think of being the Lord Jesus. See, and want a card. Now, sister, I just want to speak with you just a moment. We're strangers, I suppose. But Jesus Christ knows the both of us. This is our first time meeting on earth, but he knows you and he's fed you all your life. And he knows me. And if I, your brother, and by his grace, by a divine gift that I had nothing to do with the coming when I was born a little baby, the first thing I can remember was a vision. Now, I want you to look this way just a moment. Of course, you're sick and you're suffering with a condition. It's a it's a dark spirit around you. It's death and it's in a form of cancer. And the cancer is located on the breast. and you're a senior examined by someone strong and it's a you got a a ruptured condition and the rupture is in the bowels and you have a stomach trouble also a severe heart trouble it caused you fainting here a few days ago you sitting sideways on the side of a bed and nearly passed out looking towards your window are those things the truth truth. &gt;&gt; Yes, it was all true. &gt;&gt; All true. &gt;&gt; Or whatever it was, of course, it's gone from you. But what do you think that was that knows your lie? Was it Jesus Christ? You accept it to be that? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; I do. &gt;&gt; You're willing. You know that something supernatural is here. &gt;&gt; And if you believe it to be the Lord Jesus as I have preached it out of the word and you believe it to be the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Yes, I do. &gt;&gt; I know there's a dark spirit. see it hanging at you yet? It's something very serious. Say, "I see you. Your name is uh Eva." &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And your last name is York. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And you live in this city? &gt;&gt; Yes, I do. &gt;&gt; And your house number is 6136 Street. Is that right? &gt;&gt; You're going home to be well. &gt;&gt; In the name of Jesus Christ, you go and be made well. God bless you. Don't just go rejoicing. [Music] &gt;&gt; Just have faith. Don't doubt. [Music] The scripture has said, "Go ye and sin no more, unless the worst thing come upon you." Sin is unbelief. Sin is not drinking, smoking, gambling. That's attributes of sin. You do that because you believe not. &gt;&gt; Jesus said, "Go and sin or disbelieve no more or worse things will come upon you." Have faith in God, &gt;&gt; believing with all your heart. I see the light following that woman. Yes, that's just that that's her just left. It's hanging by a colored person there. Yes. The lady there with that gall bladder and rupture. You believe the Lord Jesus make you well. Lady sitting there that white thing around your neck. If you believe it with all your heart, you may raise up and claim your healing and be made well in the name of the Lord Jesus. God bless you. Have faith. in God. Does thou believe. [Music] You have a rupture, don't you, sir, sitting out there. Isn't that right? She was sitting there praying, "Lord, have that man speak to me." Is that right? If that's right, raise up your hands. Stand up on your feet. Your faith has healed you, brother. Go home. Jesus Christ makes you well. the same Lord Jesus. You don't need to be up here. You need to have faith. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Just believe God with all your heart and you shall have what you ask for. Jesus Christ will grant you if you will only believe. But you must have faith. You must believe him with all your heart and God will bring it to pass. the patient. Excuse me, sir. Do you believe with all your heart? You do. Now, you're just a bit excited because of the presence of his being standing here. And um I believe you're from out of town. &gt;&gt; You come from a capital, too. Richmond, Virginia. You have a cancer. It's in your inside of your mouth, on your jaw. Is that right? &gt;&gt; You want to go home and be well. Accept Jesus as your healer. And in the name of Jesus Christ, may it leave the man. Go away from &gt;&gt; God bless you here. Go believing having faith with all. &gt;&gt; What he say? I know now that seeing you, you're becoming a youngl looking person, much younger than what you are in my presence. You are suffering with some sort of a headache &gt;&gt; and it's u it's come many years ago about 25 years ago your headache started &gt;&gt; and it's been bothering you ever since. You have been a great believer and you have you have prayed for this hour that's standing here now. You've said in prayer to God that if you could uh only get to me that if I would pray that your headaches would cease those things true &gt;&gt; everything &gt;&gt; that is true now you heard what said that that wasn't me that was just my voice was those ever what it was is something I I remember seeing a young person or something was it just the way it was said there just the said, "Now, you believe that God did it. You believe God did it." Now, &gt;&gt; you're sure that God is here. Just a moment. I see something else. A young woman seems to be standing near you. It's a It's a daughter. And um Yes, you were just fixing to go on a trip somewhere. You were going to see her. And she's from Indiana. Richmond, Indiana is where she lives. and she her husband is a minister and she has wrote you a letter or something telling you not to come because I was coming here. Is that right? You're healed. You can go on. [Music] Now only believe. Have faith in God. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. And now just have faith and believe. God, God bless. You hear colored people shouting. He He is always ready to help and to believe to help the people in need. Just a moment. the lady now. I see the Holy Spirit standing in a corner. It's uh over a colored lady. She's looking this way. She has been and she's praying. She has a growth and that growth is in her throat. She's got her hand up. You accept your healing lady? The lady standing right behind you there also? She has a growth in his inner shoulder. Is that right, lady? Both of you, stand on your feet right now. The two ladies right there with the girls on the two-color lady. Jesus Christ healed you both. You can go home and be made well for God's glory. Your faith has healed you. God bless you. It's gone. [Music] Have faith in God. Do not disbelieve, but believe that all things are possible to them that does believe. &gt;&gt; Amen. My, what a faith bank in the building. It looks real milky out over the building. You are certainly in the spirit of the Lord now. Anything could happen. [Music] How do you do lady? [Music] &gt;&gt; Do you believe me to be God's prophet? It's I mean, well, a prophet is a preacher. You don't expect me to be of the enemy. You expect me to be of God. Is that's the way you accept it? Well, then I can help you. For he told me if I would get the people to believe me and be sincere when I prayed that nothing would stand before the prayer. And now it isn't uh I that helps. It's God that does the healing. I question I said they won't believe me. He said there'll be two signs given to you as was to the prophet Moses. In this the people will believe and one of them was to reveal the secrets of the hearts of the people to them. Now you're not here for yourself. Although you're nervous and run down, but it's been caused by a disease of this child. This child here is suffering. It's been turned down by the doctors to die. It's leukemia. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? You brought the child from out of town. You've traveled coming from the west coming east. You have come. You've come from a a state that has mountains. It's Pennsylvania. And your city, I believe it's Chambersburg. Isn't that right? Bring the child to me. Little sister, dear, the Lord Jesus was sure he'd lay his hands upon you and death would leave you and you'd live. Do you believe that I am his servant? &gt;&gt; Then in hisstead, I lay my hands on this child and bless it and ask that the demon leaves the child and that life comes to the child and it will live and be well. Come out of the child, Satan, by the authority of God's Bible with a divine gift ministered by an angel. I adure thee to leave the child. Come from the you get well. God bless you. Turn around. Wave to the audience. &gt;&gt; God bless you. The little girl with tremendous faith. Be well. God bless you. Honey go. You write your letter. Do you believe me as his prophet as his servant? Do you believe that God is near in his spirit and this which is now being done is of the Lord Jesus, not me. I'm a man. Yeah. If God will let me know what's wrong with you as a vindication that I am his prophet standing here revealing the truth as he said to the woman, "Go get your husband." She said, "I have none." He said, "You have five." She said, "I see you're a prophet." See, I perceive that you're a prophet. Now that same spirit that was on that son of God, he promised to send it back in the form of the Holy Ghost that would be with us and dwell with us to the end of the world. You believe it? If he can know your troubles now, can he? You got heart trouble. Is that right? Every person with heart trouble stand to your feet. You can be healed right now. No matter what it is, the heart trouble. Lord God, thou knowest our strength and how feeble we are and how weak and but Lord, we know how strong you are. And heart trouble is something our doctors cannot do anything by. But Lord, who made the heart? You did. And I now rebuke this demon power is holding these people to heart trouble. May it come out of every one of them in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, sister. I just want to say something to you. You feel different now than you felt in a long time, haven't you? I told the people know there's a real dark spirit. You had bad stuff when you lay down &gt;&gt; and now it's gone from you. &gt;&gt; You're healed. You I just You are all right. [Music] &gt;&gt; Have faith in God, please. Everyone with one accord. Have faith. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; How do you do, sir? All right. Us being strangers one to another, but the Lord Jesus knows us both. Is that right? The God of heaven, who created the heavens and earth dwelt in Jesus Christ, promised to return again in us. And what he done, we do also. Do you believe me to be his prophet? The reason I say that, the angel of the Lord told me, get the people to believe you. And if they won't believe you, then you'll know the very secrets of their heart, and they'll have to believe it then. But you do believe me. And besides the reason that you do believe me, you are a minister of the gospel yourself. And you're here for a good cause. You're not sick. You're in need. And you want an oldfashioned revival to break in your community. &gt;&gt; That's what you're &gt;&gt; Every one of us wants that. Let's all stand for an old fashioned revival. Almighty God who has created heavens and earth. I ask now that every demon power in this building go the power of Jesus Christ be made manifest. Lord we but we're not defeated. Satan Iure thee in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Come out of the people. Stand up you people out of the wheelchairs. Give him praise everyone. Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; Lift your hands and keep praising God. &gt;&gt; Whatever your needs are, receive him. &gt;&gt; Yes. Blessed be the name of the Lord. [Music] That's how God presented himself. And we can't be the prophet. We can't have that gift. But we can have that faith. We can't have that nature. And I I I know the film kind of breaks up a little bit and takes some of that, but he probably sat there for an hour and a half just waiting on the Lord. But when he came, you could see what he did, what he knew, what he was. That's the foundation and that's the spirit from which the word came. So when you have all the sermons we have choosing of a bride, God of this evil age, Christ the mystery of God revealed, the third exodus, uh the rapture, thirst, you name them. This is the source, the fountain from what that word's come. And you just can't go in there and take those words, separate them from the voice that gave them, put it in a more fashionable manner, something more appealing and more exciting and and and place it out there like this is oldfashioned. Then that's what he said. You believe me to be God's prophet? In other words, you believe that this is God. This isn't of the enemy. And and and like I said before and is that if we lose that then generations going to come and if the Lord carries the next generation and next and pretty soon we'll be so far away. people will be putting quotes together and ideas together and and and things together and and in just my lifetime I've seen several movements come on the scene. I've seen the people that believed in the seven thunders and what they were they were expecting something to happen. I've seen the people that started getting and came up with two souls and and and I mean it doesn't matter all all the different things that man does. Man will always do something. But this is what God chose to weigh over his elect. What you saw was Luke 17:30, Revelations 10:7, and Malachi 4:5. just the way God unfolded it. And that's what we always want to be anchored to. That's what the what how God chose to do it. &gt;&gt; And it wasn't very flashy, but it sure was powerful. &gt;&gt; When he prayed, it was simple. &gt;&gt; He prayed. What made the difference? Not the prayer, the faith. &gt;&gt; It was the man in the engine room &gt;&gt; that made the difference. Not the man up here, &gt;&gt; but the man that's in here. If that man believes, all things are possible. And I was so pleased by the testimony that Paul put in. Felt led to go to the hospital, pray for that little child, and and she was made well. You all have that within you because he lives within you. So let's just I I guess you know my heart and I don't know how to express that. I you know I I thought that God was good in a lot of ways. Brother Orlando uh text me. He said on his way home a guy comes speeding by him on a motorcycle going about 100 miles an hour. stopped, pulled back, looked over at him, waved at him, and then got up and did a wheelie &gt;&gt; out away from him. You know, you to me, I thought, "Thank you, Lord." &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? Because, you know, there's a lot of pressure because it appears that I'm standing against something, &gt;&gt; but I'm not standing against anything. I'm standing for what God's done. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, let's stand together and open our Bibles. We'll turn to Corinians the 11th chapter. We'll read a scripture. the brothers, you can go prepare your communion and bring it forward at this time. And uh we'll read in the scripture of Paul speaking to the the church. Uh and he said and he's going to pass this commandment on to the church. He says in 11:23, for I have received of the Lord that which also I deliver unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed, he took bread, and when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me. And after the same manner also he took the cup when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as often as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, ye do show the Lord's death till he come. Wherefore, whoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself. And so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkkeeth unworthily eateth and drinkkeeth damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among thee, and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chastened of the Lord, that we should not be condemned with the world. Wherefore, my brethren, when you come together, carry one for another. If any man hunger, let him eat at home. That you come not together unto condemnation, and the rest will I set in order when I come. Isn't that wonderful that we have the opportunity to judge ourselves that we won't be condemned? God bless you. If the musicians would come and the brothers would come, we'll pray over
