################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - [2025-06-29pm] Sunday Evening Service | Br. Matthew McGeary - Br. Matthew McGeary - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-29
Title:   [2025-06-29pm] Sunday Evening Service | Br. Matthew McGeary
Speaker: Br. Matthew McGeary
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vW49Qm7VOg8
========================================

[Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Let's [Music] sing it tonight. I have a long day. longing for Jesus. [Music] I have a long in my heart for you. us to believe to feel his presence. I have in my heart for you. [Music] I am longing for Jesus. I have alone in my heart for he [Music] just to be and to feel his presence. I have a long in my heart for him. [Music] Jesus. Oh my Jesus. Oh, and all I hear, oh to me. Oh Jesus. Oh for Jesus. [Music] Oh, and all I ever [Music] Oh [Applause] my sh Lord. I surrender [Music] my into your hand. Oh [Music] sh [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus. Oh Jesus. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. That's our heart's desire tonight. Amen. So good to be gather in his presence. Brother Stefan, if we could just come and open our service in prayer. [Music] Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, you want to thank you for everything, Lord. We just want to stay in your presence, Lord. All the time. All our devotion, all our energy, everything what is in us. We want to glorify your name. You deserve all the glory. Everything what we are, we are for you and through you, Lord. You want to thank you. We just want to bless the service tonight, Lord. We are here open to your word. We are we are here to worship you, Lord. And this dark age, this dark world, we have to be the light. Yes. We have to represent your kingdom, Lord. in this world people to see on us your face, see in us our you know your light, your presence Lord in our talking our you know our uh uh uh port and everything Lord what we do we just want to bless the service tonight bless my brother my sisters Lord we open our hearts open our mind everything what we have we open to you Lord just want to be present in our hearts and by word we know you are here. We want to bless your name and everything we ask, we ask in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray everything. Amen. Amen. God bless you. May have your seats, man. Welcome everyone back in the house of God. I know many are traveling and out, but we're certainly here. Amen. We're happy to be here in his presence. It's good to see brother Gabriel. God bless you. Amen. Key of F. Amen. Let's sing. I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life, how brave. Upon life gone ocean where mighty bel Jesus bless anchor on my soul. When tri [Music] when I rest upon his mercy and trust him when I in Jesus the souls of life I pray. Oh I in Jesus I know. Oh, I anchored in Jesus for he has come to see when I in the rock of [Music] the crosses [Music] to the waterers and the temp. Oh my go [Music] Jesus. Oh I good in Jesus. I know we know that I for the rock of he [Applause] drives away my sorrow and We found the last [Music] trus. [Music] Oh, I Jesus. [Music] [Applause] For he has a Sing. [Music] [Music] for me. I Jesus. Oh, Jesus. Jesus. Oh, I looking for a city. I want to find when I'm looking over I see the pro [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, I'm drinking from the mountain. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] He came to God bless me with everlasting joy within my soul. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Joy unspeakable, full of glory. I trust you have that joy in your heart. Amen. Amen. And that joy is not based on what's going on around you. Amen. It's a joy that he placed within your heart. Amen. Amen. Sister has a request up here. Please pray for a good friend of mine, son who's really who really needs a prayer. Amen. Also, um, sisterhance writes, "Please pray for a friend named Eva." And uh it says uh who have a he has a baby girl Raphaela uh suffering from leukemia. Amen. Said I'm asking God's grace for her. Can you Amen. That's our heart's desire that the Lord may just go. And you know that's what this word has been given for. That's what God is. I believe it's it's the same heart that was in Jesus. Amen. And and when we have that same heart, we can't stand to see someone suffer. Amen. There's a heart desire to just extend that same compassion and that same grace that was extended to us. Amen. We serve a God who's a healer and who's a deliverer and who who can give all that you have need of. Amen. Amen. When we hear things like this, our heart's desire is to stand on the word and see God manifest his desire to the people. Amen. If you have a need upon your heart, just lift your hand up to him. Man, I know many are traveling as you could see and we have some went to camp and some working and amen and whatever the desire is and we just want to bring it before him tonight and pray that you will come and answer to the needs. Amen. The brothers that are taking the offerings if you could come at this time. Brother, if you could just come and fix this needs before the church. Amen. Let's bow our hearts. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we're so thankful once more to be in your house, Lord Jesus, on a Sunday night, Lord, when could have been doing many other things, Lord Jesus, this world partakes in. But, Father, it's in our hearts, Lord. It's it's a cry that when the doors are open, we've been told to be in your house, Lord Jesus. And I believe the people didn't come into your house tonight just because they were told so, but they have a hunger to be in your presence when the doors are open, Father. I pray that you pour out to them a special blessing tonight. Lord, that you set the mana aside, Father, fresh mana from heaven may come down, Lord Jesus. We heard it this morning, that spark, Lord, that brings the dynamics to us, Lord Jesus, and causes us to live that life, Lord, to show proof of the resurrection, Lord Jesus. It's one thing to say that he is risen, Father, but it's another thing to see that resurrection life living in us, Lord Jesus. Father, I believe everybody's heart's desire in this building is to see the resurrection life living through them, participating in and taking part in the benefits of the resurrection. Lord Jesus, it's no longer the time with all that's going on in this world, modern events made clear by prophecy. It's no longer time to guess, Lord, and wonder, am I saved? Am I a child? Am I a We don't have time for that, Lord Jesus. You settled it at Calvary. Father, all we have to do is accept the sacrifice, Lord Jesus, and walk in your blessings, Lord. Father, we thank you, Lord Jesus. Father, you saw, Lord, the hearts of the people that came into your house, Father, the requests that were read this morning, Lord, and the ones that were mentioned just now, Father, you know them all, Lord Jesus. You have the answer to them all, Lord Jesus. Even the unspoken ones, Lord Jesus. Father, you you told us that our thoughts ring louder in heaven, Lord Jesus. So, Father, even though we may not have wrote something down for for a request for prayer, Lord Jesus, but thou has heard it from your seat, Lord Jesus. And Father, I I love it when a prophet says that when a child of God is challenged, he must come on the scene, Lord Jesus. Father, we're a needy people, Father. There's so many needs within the body, Lord Jesus. Thank God for a living God that comes down when his children need him, Lord Jesus. Father, be present, Lord Jesus. Show yourself to us, Lord Jesus. show up in our lives and our walk, Lord, and work and all the things that we do, Father. We want to see Christ present, Lord Jesus. Not just us, Father. May those around us, Lord, be able to see that something on the inside is different, Lord Jesus. That they may ask, Lord, what causes you to walk this way, Father, that we might be focused on that gaining of a soul, Lord Jesus. We're supposed to shine, Lord Jesus. We're supposed to be lighouses in this day, Father. But sometimes Lord, even within myself, it seems I'm more in darkness than I am in light, Father. But with the revelation that we've received, Lord Jesus, what can stand against Lord Jesus? What trials can raise up to make the believer doubt, Father, if we truly know and believe that thou art with us, and you'll never leave us nor forsake us, but you're in us, Lord Jesus, till the end, Father, we would walk different, Lord Jesus. We would talk different, Lord. Our behavior would look different, Lord Jesus. Are we not significantly impressed, Lord, that you spoke and said, "You are with us, Lord Jesus. We are that bride, Lord Jesus. We are that voice to the final age, Lord Jesus." Father, bless the remainder of the time that we'll spend here, Lord. Bless the tithes and the offerings, Lord. The hands of those that will give, Father. Those that have it in their heart to give but aren't able to, Lord Jesus. Father, bless them, Lord Jesus, that they might be able to give, Father. But as the testimony of the woman that gave all that she had, Lord Jesus. Father, even if it's little, Lord, you never return void. Lord Jesus, when we give unto you, you bless 10 times what we've poured out. Lord Jesus, teach us not just to tithe in finances, but in our time, Lord Jesus, to give you a portion of our time every day, Lord Jesus. We give into so many other things, Lord. But the main thing is you, Lord Jesus. Help us, Lord Jesus. Be with the minister, Lord. Touch your people, Father. We ask these things in the precious wonderful name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Greater than all my sins is of life. I still [Music] graduate. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. to [Music] I can fall for it's gater the [Music] way it Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Watch available tonight. [Music] Heat. Heat. I can fall to is greater than the blood of the [Music] down from his glory. Oh, and a leading glory. [Music] Oh, and my God has saveior. Oh, and Jesus was his name. Oh my [Music] toes. Halleluah. Oh, you [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Oh, holy gra. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Let's all stand singing every sing Matthew at this time. Oh, what kind? [Music] Oh great. Oh [Music] my. [Music] Oh God. Oh, [Music] still to see. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Myior [Music] sing. Oh, [Music] all our flesh and lying. Oh, I need to pray. Oh, and we will the plan. Oh Jesus Christ. Oh sacrifice of God. Oh my go. [Music] [Music] Oh, [Music] I shall my heart. [Music] My great creator. He became my savior and all. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Well, here we are in the evening time once again. Amen. I believe some of the special moments a believer has had has been in the evening time and an evening service where maybe the crowds are a little bit lighter and maybe you're a little bit tireder and it took a little bit more effort and a little bit more perseverance, but God likes to see those things in the believer. And sometimes that's exactly what he likes to do is just let it get a little hard and a little difficult and just to see you press a little bit just to press through and to make an effort. He likes to see that and it makes him happy and I tell you when you start talking about him he draws nigh and he listens and he comes close. Why don't we talk to him? Lord Jesus, Lord, we're humbled to be standing in this place once again, Lord, but it's your grace and your mercy that would call us, elect us, and choose us. Not that we would look in into any ability of what a man could provide, Lord, but it's been all your grace, all your strength, all your mercy. It's been your choosing, Lord. And we rejoice in that. Now Lord, we've come to this evening service and just looking to you Lord that something would be done or said that would draw the people closer to you and bring a revelation, something quickened, Lord, that they would have for themselves that they could cherish it and testify about it. And Lord, that's what we all want. We want to become part of your word. Not just something that we point to way out yonder, but something that's in us, living in us, that's changing us and molding us and making us like you, Lord. So, we love you. We thank you for the songs and the atmosphere that's here, Lord. And just pray you'd come amongst us now and break the bread of life as only you can. We pray. Amen. God bless you. Amen. If you have your Bibles, um, we can, uh, read out of, uh, uh, Hebrews, uh, chapter 11. Um, you know, I I got to be a little honest. I I was we had a little rough little rough go last night and this morning. Um, we're just praying that uh, Brianna's recovering well. The family's at home, some of us not feeling well. Um, Brianna, her ears, she got a ear infection. We believe that her ears had swollen up where they were actually closing. The canals were closing. And so we we brought her um just wanted to react quickly and went and got some help this morning. And and uh so we were we were resting uh this afternoon and my wife came in and woke me up and said, "Your dad's trying to get a hold of you." And I was a little in the flesh. I said, "I'm not preaching." You know, um, but that's our flesh, right? And so we we all have a duty and a responsibility and and um I was talking to brother Billy back there and uh I was like, my if if if we preached when we wanted to or when we felt like it, we would never do it. Oh my. I'm sorry, but it's just um it's a death you die and that's just the way it has to be because we don't want to see man. We want to see God in his word. So you pray for me. Um we just maybe see just try to take a little something and I know God will multiply it. Uh Hebrews 11 and 5 if you're there reads by faith Enoch was translated that he would not see death was not found because God had translated him before his translation he had this testimony that he pleased God. You may have your seats and also uh let's just turn over into Romans chapter 8. I tell you that this this this the sermon that our our pastor is in the rising of the sun and the Easter seal to me is just the very heart of God and the heart of the message and the hour that we're now living in. In Romans 8:11, it says Romans chapter 8 verse 11, "But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you." And um another sermon our pastor's uh been ministering now was the Easter Seal. And I I just wanted to um catch a little out of that paragraph. I believe I'll just start at 111 and read down to to um 114. He says, "And there's no devil, no church or any theology that can overcept the boundary of God's proof and abstract. The baptism of the Holy Ghost has recognized us in Jesus Christ. We're just as sure to raise as he raised because potentially we have already raised in him." Amen. And and I I I you know we we know that we are promised to meet the Lord in the air and that will be the final quickening. Uh it will be the fullness of our adoption. But right now we know that we are already resurrected in Christ Jesus sitting in heavenly places. He goes on to say the old things what uh the old things what does it do to our mortal bodies? Now, what does the quickening power do to our mortal bodies? Uh, many times when we read the scripture, we're we're looking for something to come in the future. Um, but I I would say that's what the prophet always cautioned us to, that man's always looking to what God has done. He's always looking to the future of what he's going to do, but he's failing to see what God is doing right now. And the prophet is showing us, he says, "The old things, what does it do to our mortal bodies? It turns our opinions changes our notions. It sets our affections on things which are above. And the smoking, drinking, gambling, the things that you used to do is dead. It's where is it? It's beneath you." And we know those things are always trying to resurrect itself, right? Maybe trying to Satan's always trying to sew a seed or catch your attention and and you know, you get into the book of of Romans and Paul says, "You got to be uh you you you got to be married to another and and the prophet would take that and I believe would preach invisible union." And he and he would show, I believe it's a prophecy concerning the church in the last days. And he would even come through the church ages. And so that look, the church can no longer be lawful and legal about it because now we have the fullness of the word. We can be married to Christ and a and and some of these little ideas and false doctrines and things that men probed at down through the years. Uh the opening of the word has has shine a light into the darkness and now we have the fullness of the word that we could be married to that word. And and what it's done is it's it's resurrected us out of the dark denominations and unbelief and dead denominations. And now it's set us up upon a rock of revelation that we can be in a a union with Jesus Christ. And all of those things are beneath us. Uh all the false doctrine and the way that we used to live and and our ideas and our opinions and it says, you know, let this mind be in you that was also in Christ Jesus, let us go on unto perfection. A and all of those things aren't just some ideas or fancy words, but it's something that the quickening power is producing in the believer that we are actually becoming the word. The prophet of God, I believe in perfect with faith, would say, as you receive the word, you become the word. So, as we're feeding on this word, we're becoming more and more like him. And we are just like Enoch. We are walking with God. We are walking with Jehovah. and step by step, one of these days, we're going to be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye, and we will be out of here. And he goes on to say, so as we just lay in that principle, what the prophet is saying, it it changes everything. And I just want to encourage you if if your opinions haven't been changed and and your your your your appetites and your desires haven't been changed, and maybe you're still listening with world worldly music and certain things. And I can understand a struggle maybe, you know, cuz uh some of us, you know, there's always a punch coming. God's not going to shove you through a pipe and just pull you out on the other side and say, "Well done, my good and faithful servant." Some of there's some things that that are left for us to overcome because it's to him that overcometh. And we're more than conqueror. So, there's going to be some things that you have to overcome. And and may maybe maybe uh uh your struggle is every once in a while a song gets back in your head or or or or you accidentally turn on the radio and and or you go into this um store or something and something gets stuck in your mind and your heart, you got to do battle with that. But I would say if I if it's an appetite and something you feed on um almost unconsciously, you need another nature. Uh I if if you unconsciously uh just turn on the radio and you're listening to the music and it's it's country radio or pop music and then something starts saying, you know, I shouldn't do this. Well, I I I would like to like it to see it the other way around, you know, where where where where uh uh uh that happens a lot quicker where where all of a sudden something catches your ear and you might be like, "Oh man, I remember that song." And then something's like saying, "Don't do it, son. Don't do it, daughter. You shouldn't do that." And maybe you maybe you stuck around a little too long and listened to a little bit, but you feel terrible, right? Because you're a child of God. You have another nature. You can't feed on those things. But but I would say if you still have those appetites and you struggle with those things, I would encourage you, you know, you know, to to repent of your sins, re repent of of the wrong things that you've done and the iniquities that that you have had. And and and I would say that if if you could hear the word of God calling you and saying there's a better way, there's a higher calling. You don't you don't have to live like that. And I would say if there's a desire in you to be free from that, praise God because there's a lot of people they they don't have that desire. I remember one time going over to uh one of my uh uh friends house. I've known him for many years. He's a professing Christian, does uh uh you know uh does prison ministry and he he's involved and he's outspoken and he really uh professes the faith of Jesus Christ. And I remember just standing in there in the in his home and I saw these liquor bottles on the on the counter and I just thought to myself, my what my what a pity that that people can live in a condition and think that they're okay and and to think that he could he could profess Jesus Christ but be comfortable in his sin. I say what what a what a dangerous uh uh position to be in. But if if if you're doing something that you know is not right and God is is showing you that, praise God. I mean we we we were all born in sin shaped in iniquity. We come into the world speaking lies and we all have to come to the place where we are born again and we're baptized and filled with the Holy Ghost. And if God has put that call on your life, a repenting is a turning away from. So then repent of your sins. Say, "Lord, I am sorry. I I don't want to be this way." And maybe you fall back in that. That's okay. He promised to give you the comforter. And so then when you repent of your sins, you say, "I don't want to live that way anymore, God. Lord, you're dealing with my heart. I I I I want something else to give me power over these things that I'm battling. Well, repent of your sins and then you have a promise. If you're baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. And then you stand upon that word, God. I've I've taken you at your word. If you fall, you get back up. Lord, I plead the blood of Jesus Christ. I've fallen again, Lord. But I believe there's a power. I believe there's a strength. I believe there's a Holy Ghost that can give me the victory over these things. And you never make a compromise with the devil. You never settle. You never say, "Well, this is just going to be the way it is. I'm I'm always going to go through cycles and and you know I'm always going to fall to the temptation. I rebuke that spirit. I rebuke that devil. You can be an overcomer and you are more than a conqueror in Christ Jesus. And so you can press uh toward the mark of the high calling of Jesus Christ. You do not have to settle for second rate. You don't have to settle for anything less than your privilege. I mean the heavens are open. If if you know I I'm reminded of the quote brother Brandham said if if if you have you know if if you have faith to walk like Enoch walked and be translated and out here he said don't let me keep you from doing I say to me what that speaks of of course that was the sheath wave showing us how to get there but but what it what it shows is that hey uh if somebody can believe for the supernatural and perfection and and my it's available I mean I mean the heavens are open for for the believers so you know but we want to get to the place where those things he says right here that uh uh uh it it chang it sets our affections on things which are above and the smoking, drinking, gambling and things that you used to do is dead. It's beneath you. Now he he points out to some really um uh uh obvious things but I believe as a Christian, you know, there the the the lying, the cheating, the stealing, the dishonesty, the white lies, you know, being deceptive. You know, I I I just remember this one time I I had called a customer And um you know and and and uh they they answered the phone. Hello. I said I said uh uh yeah. Yeah. Is and I think um I think on the work order had you know Tom and Sally. I said hey Tom is Sally there. And he was like this is Sally. And I'm I went um uh uh say that again. I can hear you now. I said oh Sally. Sally how you doing? And in my heart, I'm like, I hung up the phone and said, "Lord, that wasn't right." I I I I was embarrassed and I acted like the phone was, you know, breaking up. And I said, "Lord, you give me an opportunity to make that right." And God gave me the opportunity, and I told her, I said, "You know, I'm sorry. the other day. Um I uh I said the phone was breaking up, but I I was embarrassed because I assumed that that you were your husband. And she was she just said, "Oh, I I got an old smoker's voice, but you know what? I appreciate appreciate your integrity and testimony. That'll that'll do more for people or something." She said something profound. And I was like, "Wow, you know, and but it's little things like that, you know, the fine-tuning, the holding down. It's just that we don't just get to the place where I've come out of the world, you know, and and I'm unspotted by the world. But no, we want to be so much like Jesus Christ that our actions and our thoughts and our desires a and and we have a vision. Jesus did, you know, John 5:24, he did nothing but what the father showed him to do. I I believe there is a perfection where we are so hidden in Christ, a hidden life behind the veil, where we're feeding on the word and we're being led by the spirit of God that all of those things are beneath us. are are are is that okay? So that's what the quickening power does. It sets your affections on things which are above. And I say, oh my, it's so easy in the world that we now live in where our affections are on everything else. And I can't remember what sermon it is. I I believe it's Christ the mystery of God revealed. He he says uh uh uh you know what is that hunger? What is that thirsty? God's wanting to reveal this great revelation to you. He said, "But we let so many things take it out of us. We And then he says, "Things that are lawful. We let our family. Will you let your wife?" And all a sudden you're like, "What? The the very things that are lawful for you to do to take care of the family and to make a living." But he says it's those things that you let take it out of you from receiving this great revelation in the hour that we have. And so we we we want this quickening power to set our affections on things that are above. And maybe I could just say this in the outset is maybe we don't even maybe that just sounds like a a fancy term. Set our affections on things above. But we used to have desires for the things of the world, right? And maybe we could we could think of something, but I don't know if every anybody's ever had a craving for for for a hamburger or you've had a craving for Mexican food, right? It's just it's a hunger, right? It's and and and and oh, and if you smell it, man. And and and then it's it's something that you desire and you start to set your affection. You start to set your and you start to make decisions and put yourself into position that you can partake of those steak fajitas with the grilled onions and the guacamole and the reffried beans and, you know, the homemade tortilla. You anybody know what I'm talking about? Right? And all of a sudden, you you start to desire or crave something. And I don't know about you, but when I was in the world, there there's a lot of substitutes that Satan has come up with to offer you in place of the word, in place of what Christ has for you. So, he wants you to set your affections on all these worldly things and get you so busy and so distracted. But now, the quickening power has come to us that we might set our affections on things that are above. If I if I could say that, that is the message of the hour. It is Jesus Christ. It is the mind of God. It is the word in your season. It's what God's wanting to do right now. I want to set my affections on what does God want to do tonight. Not just the big picture someday. We're going to go in a rapture and kumbaya. We're a big old family, but I got to go back to work tomorrow. But no, man. May I my affections be on the supernatural that that Christ has come where two or three are gathered. I'll be in the midst. to think that the angel of the Lord encaps around those that fear him and he is present now right here in our midst and there's people with afflictions and addictions and things in their lives that have been bound and they are not free and their affections are not on things above but there is a quickening power that if we can come into one mind and one accord and start praying for the brothers and the sisters and for weward ones and prodical sons and prodical daughters that we can be raptured up into a supernatural condition this evening and see see the supernatural things moving amongst us and see our young children uh uh may maybe the days that's been on them all their life just break away from them and they catch a revelation that Jesus Christ he is the same yesterday today and for it's not just a story it's not just a set of rules it's not just regulations and my mommy and daddy telling me how long I could wear my skirt and why I can't do this and why I can't do that but no there's actually a life where where there's a transforming power that quickens the seed and all a sudden your affections want to please the Lord. Lord, does that please you? I want to wear a dress that pleases you. I want to my wear my hair like it pleases you. I only want to listen to things that please you. Lord, if going to church three times a week pleasing you, let me be in church three times a week, Lord. If listening to the message pleases you, let me listen to the message, Lord. You want me to testify. Oh, let my affections be set on things above. Amen. And then you find out all those other things are beneath you. And I like this. He says, "And you are quickened." Amen. And this quickening power brings your body into a raptured condition already. Well, we got room tonight. We could have a track meeting here. Did you hear what the prophet of God just said? I like this. And you are quickened. And this quickening power brings your body into a raptured condition already. What are you waiting for? God's just waiting on you to accept what he's already done. That's it. A vindicated prophet said, "And you are quickened." And this quickening power brings your body into a raptured con. I'm I am in a raptured condition. You might not like what you see, but God likes what he sees because he's looking through the blood and he sees the seed that was that was spoken before the foundation of the world. It ain't me. It ain't my good living. It ain't my flesh. It ain't my ability to go to church. It ain't my works and my fruits that I offered up as some great sacrifice. No, this is something that God has done because why? He is Jehovah Gyra. He's able of these stones to rise up children unto Abraham. I ask you when Abraham got to that place on the mountain and Isaac said, "Oh Abraham, oh father, where is the sacrifice? Where is the ram?" God is able to provide himself a God is able to provide himself a bride. God is able to provide him a bride without spluttering. I'm not going to provide it. Brother Billy ain't going to provide it. Brother David ain't going to provide it. What he has provided it by the spoken word God coming down in flesh and speaking a bride into existence. Therefore, you are literally the spoken word of God taking on flesh in the evening time. That makes me feel good. Not something I'm depending on in myself, but oh, your great Jehovah Eagle has come screaming out and said, "You're justified. You never did it in the first place. Come up higher. Come up out of the chicken. Come up out of your sins. Come up out of your unbelief. Come up out of your denominations. Come up out of your hurt. Come up out of your pain. Come up higher. It's beneath you. I've elected you. I've called you. I've ordained you. I wrote your name in the last book before the foundation of the world. And as you receive that word and believe that word, faith in his word says, my body is already in raptured condition. That means the devil can't get to you. He can't even find you. Hey, I'm feeling pretty good right now. The devil can't get to you. Why? Because you're in Psalms 27 now. Hallelujah. You're in a secret place. In the time of trouble. He shall hide me in his pavilion, in the secret of his tabernacle. I will meet you in there. That'll be the third pull. The opening of the Lord has called you up into heavenly places. Hallelujah. I wasn't going to preach. [Music] We can't escape it, can we, Billy? It's all right. Paul couldn't either. We're in good company. Are you quickened? And you're quickened. And this quickening power brings your body into a rapture condition already. I don't know how God give us the revelation. Now, quickened, raptured condition right now. He said it's a rapturing up, a raising up into a different atmosphere. He said that his disciples were raised up into a different atmosphere than that they had ever been. Have you been raised up there? Or are you still kind of in the automobile and the airplane? You know, nip downs and tuck downs and blowouts. You know, you've never quite broken through the sound barrier. You've never really pressed through and you got down to a place where you've you you've you've got down to a place where you work out your salvation with fear and trembling. Like that one uh brother said, "Look, Lord, I'm going to stay here until I get it. And if you're going to find a pile of bones right here, I ain't getting up until I get the Holy Ghost. I say that's something the church has lost is desperation. You think everything should just be handed to you on a platter with no effort, with no crying out, with no repentance. I say it takes a true repentance. It takes a true heartfelt sorry in the presence of God to say, "God, I don't want to be this way, Lord. I hate the way that I am. I hate my sinning. I hate the things that I'm looking at. I hate my own flesh. I say, "Oh, God, deliver me from this vile man that I am." God, I'm not getting up from this altar. I'm not getting up from my bedside. I'm not coming out of my prayer closet until I got that quickening power. Now you're now now now you're in position. And he says, "When you've met God's requirements, Amen. And that's a surrender. That ain't he don't he don't ask much. He just ask you to believe him. Just take him at his word. And then you can come into a different atmosphere. Oh my. Where things are different. You know, we might be in Lady Osia. We might be in Satan's Eden and my such an evil place that we are living in and and oh the evil and and everything that that's just around you can hardly go anywhere and and it just seems like it's pressing in. I I say one of the most hardest places to go is the mall. I just feel like you walk in the door and it just zaps all your energy and you're you're drained because of all the spirits and and everything that's working and pressing in those realms. But I do want to say that that you don't have to be so much subject. Now we when you go into those grounds and things, you know, you're going to have to do battle. But what I'm getting at, there is an atmosphere for the believer that you can live in a place where you're praying without ceasing and you're thinking on the things of God and your affections have been set on things above where where all of these things are beneath you and you're living in another atmosphere. And I say if you haven't been able to live in that kind of atmosphere, I invite you tonight that you repent of your sins and and you be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins. That that that old nature that's been rubbing your nose in the muck and mire and and making you go here and making you go here and lusting after this and lusting after that and and you can never seem to get free and you fall back down in cycles and you and you drink. You pick up the bottle. You might be good for six months or a year, maybe two years, but then you fall right back down to that bottle and you drink it. And I want to tell you, there's a deliverance for you. You can come to a place where you are so quickened by the quickening power of God that it shuts your affections on things above and all of those things are beneath you. When that old devil comes knocking back on that door, it's not just a swept and garnished house with no spirit in there, but the the but the the the groomsman's there, the bride is there. When he opens up that door, he says, "Can I help you?" He says, "No, you whooped me a long time ago on Calvary and you took the keys to my own home. I think I'll go somewhere else." Genesis 5:24 would say, "And Enoch walked with God and he was not for God took him." That's what we read, you know, in our text that Enoch had this testimony that he pleased God. And he he he how many knows without faith it's impossible to please him. And I'm so thankful faith is a gift. 2 Corinthians 5:7 says, "For we walk by faith, not by sight." So we are walking just like Enoch walked. We are walking with Jehovah. We are walking with the word. We are We are listening to the word. We're feeding on the word. And we're our our affections are on things above and we can't beat our type. Our type is Enoch. I don't know how it all happened, but I imagine, you know, one day they saw Enoch and one day they didn't. Hallelujah. Go ahead and take a picture of me now. Cuz one of these days I ain't going to be here any longer. I get happy about it. Paul told me to comfort one another with these words. He said, "Comfort one another because in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye, I'm going to be changed." Amen. I like to be comforted. I like to be told who I am and where I'm going. And I like my adversary to be reminded of who he is and where he is going. I like to be comforted with those words to know that man, it might be a little rough patch on this side. We might be going through some heartache and we might be going through some trials and we've had some ups and downs and we've lost some family members and and we we've had some sicknesses and we've had some disappointments and we have loved ones we thought they would still be with us and they've gone on to the other side and and there's been a lot of suffering. But, you know, my Bible tells me if we're going to reign, we got to suffer. And we understand that character is the only thing that we take with us. And and character is a victory. So in order to have a victory, you got to have a battle. So there's going to have to be some things we got to fight. There's going to have to be some things that we go over. But you know, just don't look at the hardship of the battle. Don't look at the casualties and the things that you've gone through. But set your affections on things above. May I might have gone through some valleys. I might have gone through some hard times. We might have lost some loved ones, but there's coming a day. I'm going to see my loved ones again. I'm going to step across the veil. I'm going to see those loved ones that have already went before me. I'm going to hug them and I'm going to embrace them. Oh, comfort one another with these words. We are going in a rapture. Make no mistake about it, saints. We are not living for some fairy tale. Hallelujah. My goodness. People get so worked up and happy about winning a trophy. And it doesn't it doesn't mean anything the next day. They already got the new rankings. They already got the new picks for the next year. They don't even give the team that just won the championship any year any time to bask in the glory. Well, uh, so and so won the champion yesterday. Who do you think going to win it next year, man? Give them some time to relish in the glory. Ain't no glory in this world. It's all destruction. It's all death. It's all doom. But oh, there is a people standing on the face of the earth that their names was written on the lamb's book of life. They have heard the great eagle scream. And guess what? We are going in a rapture. We will be changed and above it in a twinkle of I comfort ye one another with these words. My all this perversion and sin heaped up around the world. And we just move through a thought. But brother Brandon would say in one place he says, "Well, why do the people do what they do?" He said, "Because a monster gots them grabbed." He said, "Too much Hollywood, too much nonsense, too much TV." And to think that we have uh to think as the bride we would go putting our nose around in that nonsense. The very thing that the prophet of God is identifying that has caused a monster to grab the people through television and and and Hollywood and entertainment and music and then we go flirt around with the things of the world ought not to be. So let's possess our vessels and sanctification and honor because we have a message. We have a quickening power that has snatched us out of Lady Osia, that has snatched us out of death and into life. We got a rapturing word. I I know maybe sometimes it's hard when we talk about a secret place and hidden in his pavilion and in the tabernacle. That that's the third pull. That's the opening of the word. That's those the revelation of those seven seals which was what? Revealing Christ. That's that secret place. We we've had some fellowship on those things where where Jesus stood there and and said he he Jesus told look your fathers did eat mana in the wilderness and they're all dead. And they said our father gave us bread. He said Moses didn't give you that bread. I like how he discerned their heart there who he was calling their father. He said Moses didn't give you that bread. He said, "I am the bread. My father gave you that bread, and I am the bread. I am the bread that cometh down out of heaven." Now, you should, we should have the same, if I could say it like this, you should have the the same struggle with that statement today as they did. And what I mean struggle about it is how can this be? Don't make fun of Nicodemus when he came over there and Jesus said, "You got to be born again." I mean, I don't know if he was laughing about it or but it's it it begs the question, how can how can I be born again? I want to be born again, but how? And here Jesus is saying, look, if you don't eat my flesh and drink my blood, you ain't got no life in you. The disciples, I I believe, but how? And I say there I would pray that there would be something in the believer that if if if you at least struggle and want to understand that as uh brother uh Billy made a statement as we were fellowshipping over at the youth meeting that it ought to provoke some curiosity like what does that even mean? I I don't want it just to be like, you know, uh uh you know, you ask a question and there's a a textbook answer. You know, I've shared this before one time and Kaylee, you know, I believe she was only four years old and she was I I went to read her a book at night and she was reading every page. I'm like, "Praise God, my daughter's a genius." I'm like, "Hallelujah." I got the next book and she couldn't read a word. I'm like, "Wait a second. She just memorized it." You know, I was just flipping the page like, "Wow, she's bloop just reading right." I'm like, "My goodness, I can't believe she can read so well." And then I had a great revelation. Oh, she's just memorizing the pages. And then I said, "Aha, we do that as Christians, as believers. You can ask what's the what is the son of man or what's the seals and all this thing?" and we got memorized answers and we we we sound like we know what we're talking about. And I'll be the first one to say, I need I need revelation, man. If if if you ever put a check box on reveal the re revealing of the son of man. Got it. Yeah, I got that one in the bag. I mean, hold on here. You know, you can't you can't put an inexhaustible fountain in a bag and say check. Got that. No. And this is this message is spiritual food in due season. So you can listen to spiritual food in due season and it'll be food in every season of your life. And that goes for every sermon that was ever recorded. If you approach that word with faith, God will speak to you. 47 through 65. I don't care what it is. God will feed his sheep. And what we ought to be wanting is is is understanding and revelation. And here he's saying, I am the bread that cometh down. I unless you eat my flesh and drink my blood, you have no part in me. have no life in me. And brother Bandham says the disciples believed it, but they didn't understand it. But there would come a season for their understanding. That's right. You understand? Just like in in Revelations, it said John seal up those things. So through the church ages, the understanding, if I could say, are what those voices uttered, the it was sealed up. So then even even if you had the desire to know, you couldn't know those things. But I was saying if those things become available to know, I would want to know them. And there came a time where those disciples had to catch the revelation. And if I could try to say it so simple and and I love how our our our pastor pointed out this morning, he uh talking about the mechanics and the dynamics and talking about the recipe and he said, I almost wanted to title this, you know, uh uh eat the cake, right? Because I you can you can only you you can say repent of your sins and be baptized and be filled with the Holy Ghost and we can keep telling you the formula, but there comes a time where you got to put it into action where you actually got to repent of your sins. You got to work out your salvation with fear and trembling. You got to go down in the water. You got to come up and you got to let that quickening power come into your life. And then it has to start manifesting the fruits. A lot of us, we don't want to just cross over Jordan and say, "Praise God, I'm in the promised land. like man, yeah, you might be in the promised land, you know, you've heard it dramatized many times. I mean, could you imagine somebody finally been dreaming their whole life to go to Europe and like, man, I I I'm going to Rome. I'm going to Rome, Italy. And then two weeks later, like, hey, I heard you went to Rome. Like, yeah, how was it? Like, man, it was awesome. I I flew right into Rome. I I got out in terminal 4 and and I had me a Oh, I forget. A canoli with some espresso and then I flew out of terminal 3. Yeah, but how was Rome? Well, it was good. I had a canoli. I went to Italy. I went to Rome. Like, wait a second. I did. I really went. I'm like, yeah, well, I guess you kind of did, but you didn't. I mean, how many of us are are we coming into the word or or we we we get some maybe an idea or an understanding and then we just walk on. Okay, got that. If we would just stay there and meditate and pray on it, say, "Lord, reveal more to me. I want to know more about Psalms 27. I want to know more about that secret place, Lord. Lord, what do what do you mean when you say, "Eat my flesh and drink my blood. You have no part." Lord, I don't want that to just to be some concept or idea where, oh, yeah, it's the word and move on. Oh, there's such a deepness there. There's such a vastness and a richness to the word of God. And now in the day that we're living in, because that God has sent a prophet, I I'm going to wrap up real quick. Uh because God has sent a prophet and it was by Malachi 4:5, it was a renting of the veil. And what did it do? Just as in the days of Christ, he would he would talk about how the veil was rent from the top to the bottom, showing that it was God that done it. And it showed where was the true mercy seat. He said the mercy seat wasn't back there, but the mercy seat was hanging on Calvary. Do you realize, oh, that God has sent a prophet to rent the denominational veils and to show you God's not in denominations? He's not in the ways of man's. He's not dealing with man's thinking anymore. This isn't the age of man anymore. This is an eagle age. The veil has been ripped. Behold, look away to Jesus. Here he is in his word, the same yesterday, today, and forever. And what are you feeding on? You're feeding on the body word of the son of man. You're not feeding on the words of a man. His words will fail, but you're feeding on his word. And I could just say I I know we say those things so many times, but but I can say if you could just get curious enough to start digging into it. Say, Lord, give me the revelation of it. That when we reference Revelations 10 1-7, the mighty angel coming down. What? It was the promised word for the season that we're now living in. It was not available to any other age. They they were living in a in in the age of a partial truth and partial understanding and partial revelation a and they could only go so high. But God sent a prophet by uh by Malachi 4:5 and he took the limits off. There's no more limits for the believer. If you can believe for it, you can have it. You can have your healing. You can have your body changed. You can be in raptured condition right now. Take that, devil. I just asked the musicians to come. I'm We're going to be going to try to set a record. I And I I I won't have y'all sitting there more than four minutes before you start playing. Is that fair? We've only been 37 minutes. I I like how brother Brandy preaches that in in uh spiritual food and due season. He says, "Oh," he's typing out the famine and Elijah. And he says, "I'm going to type that." We could just go through all those things. I hope what we even say those things, you just get curious and go find out for yourself. I was sharing with the youth how sometimes we'll say things and it's it's like a building block. uh where what I just said is a is a sermon spiritual food in due season uh that could be preached on eons of times but if you can get the general concept of the revelation what the prophet was showing in there how Elijah come and said hey man it ain't going to rain there's going to be a famine in the land and because there was a famine God took Elijah said I got a secret place for you though while the whole world's in famine I'm you're going to be by the brook cherish and I'm going to feed you I'm going to feed you supernatural ings. He said, "I want to type that famine to the day that we're living in." And he says, "It's a fulfillment of Amos 8." Friends, we we are living in the hour where the believer can stand up and say, "This day, this scripture is fulfilled." That ought to give a boldness in the day of judgment where you can declare to your family, to your co-workers, and tell them, "Open up your Bible. You see Amos 8 right there. this day that you might look like a fanatic. You might be look like a lunatic, but I say when you catch a revelation of the word, you're always a fanatic and a lunatic to the word. And he's showing us that right now. He says, I want to type that famine to the day that Amos ate that it won't be a famine for bread, but a famine for hearing the word. They are outside of Malachi 4:5. It is death. I'm I'm sorry. And if you say, "Well, what about my brothers and what about my sisters?" You're their lifeline. I'm sorry. It's a closed book outside of Malachi 4:5. Closed book, veiled, blinded, but then Malachi 4:5 comes. Yes, sir. a son of man revealing the son of man. I I'm trying to remember. Uh yes, he pre I mean just what he preaches in the morning service. He preaches he preaches there's a man here that can turn on the light because it's total darkness, total chaos. You can't see anything. Well, and he got that whole inspiration because here's that little sister. Mama, it's dark. I can't see. How do I go in a rapture? How do I go on a body change? How do I get born again? How do I get quickening power? I screamed. I shouted. I danced, but I got no no overcoming life. I speak in tongues. I got no overcoming life. I wear long skirts. I scream. I shout. I run around the church, but I know more than a conqueror is than my other Pentecostal brothers. Why? Because there's no overcoming life. Total chaos and darkness. Now, now I'll just lay this in there. there was truly godfilled uh brothers and sisters that lived in the age of the true dispensation of Pentecost back to those days. So don't ever disparage our brothers and sisters who got in a yearning and a calling and they sensed in their spirit. Something was calling and they got in an anguish and an agony for the supernatural and God poured out his spirit upon all flesh. Don't forget every revival has twins. So in that revival, there was a genuine and there was a false. Don't let the scarecrows make you diminish your brothers of it. They they had something. Some of us don't even got a real sincerity and ability to get on their knees and call on God and see the supernatural. But as it as the life moved on out, if I could say as the as the word seed was made flesh in the husk and I believe that was the word was made flesh in Malachi 4:5 which was the the son of man ministry made flesh. It was in the husk and the husk excommunicated the word out of the church ages and Christ was on the outside of the church ages. And the life could never get back into the shock in those denominations anymore. And so now what is he having to declare? Come out of her people. And so now the whole church world and everybody's groping in darkness. Pentecostalism, Baptist, Methodist, Catholic, every single one. They're groping in darkness. They're crying and if there was a sincere sister or or daughter or girl which is a representation of the church crying out say I can't see there was a brother standing by. Thank you brother Brandham. There was a brother standing by said fear not there's a man here who can turn on the light. And what did the prophet preach that evening? Look away to Jesus. Hallelujah. Because of Malachi 4:5, he come and he ripped the veil and said, "Look away to Christ. Look away to the word." And I did it again. I'm sorry. I get to preaching. And uh I leave y'all sitting up there. You forgive me. Um I'll read this last quote. The prophet of God says, "I know they they have a lot of great they've known me a long time, so they they have a lot of grace for me. They just look at me and say, "Oh, poor little brother Matthew. They knew me when I was little, so they just have grace for me. So, thank you. Thanks for thanks for your grace." I'll just move through this quote real quickly and then we'll we'll close. It is the rising of the sun. If the spirit that raised him from the dead, the word, the dynamic of the word dwells in you, it also quickens your mortal body. Now, now how we flesh of his flesh and bone of his bone because quickly while we were yet mortal sinners, mortal, ready to die, these bodies, it quickens that body. What's quickened brings to life. The spirit that once like to drink, run around, commit adultery and all these, it's quickened. Why? The thing died and you are resurrected. It quickens your mortal body. I I love our pastor's title. That was awesome. Resurrection before rapture. Look, you ain't going in a rapture if you haven't been resurrected. Amen. Therefore, your bodies is the temple of the dynamics. Because why? From the beginning, you are part of the mechanics. Oh, there is your resurrection. There is the church and the resurrection with him. These bodies right now are quickened. See, you've heard, you believe. It changed you from a denomination to the word. See the the dynamics. If it comes upon water, it just sputters. Days of miracles are passed. Pump, pump, pump, pump. Oh, I believe the Bible. Pump, pump, pump, pump. There you are. There ain't no pump, pump, pump. See, it just sputters. But when he hits that 1,000 octane whirl, away she goes. You see how my the dynamic strike that? But it if it strikes a chicken, it won't do no good. But when it strikes the eagle, he moves out. Start moving out, eagles. Amen. The dynamics with the mechanics. See what I mean? That is if he is a true eagle now, he will understand. Now, I I I don't have time to preach this, but I'm going to lay this in there, church. We have to stop being on the defense. So many times we we we're Satan's able to get us where we're trying. We feel like and if you could catch a revelation of justification, move on. You make a mistake, move. Lord, forgive me. I'm going on with God. Because Satan wants to keep trying to make you go in circles and we're always feeling unworthy, feeling not good enough. I can't do this. And if you're always trying to clean up your life and clean up your room, you'll never be like Abraham who said, "They took who?" You mean they took Lot? You mean there's thousands of them and seven kings or three kings? I don't care what how many or whatever. I am a son of God. And and I was going to go on to where the Bible says we have the shield of faith which what quips is every fiery dart of the enemy. When he tells you you're no good and you're a loser and you're not going to go in the rapture, you got to raise up the word which said you never did it in the first. Friends, we got to start lifting up the message and quenching every fire regard in it. When he says you're not going to go in a rapture, raise it up and say wedding band of predestination. Already made it. When he tries to tell you, well, your mistakes of yesterday, you're not going to go in a rapture. I'm already in a rapture condition and you quench the fiery darts of the enemy, but what this word is also a sword. And then how can I overcome? He's saying you got to take that word and whack the devil. And if he doesn't move, what do you do? Whack him again. It's time, church. We get on the offensive and stop. Oh my goodness. Am I going to make it? Am I Am I going in a rapture? Can I be healed? Oh. Oh no. I'm going to be sick again. Am I going to get my kids back? Hey, what am I going to It's time to lift up the banner of the message of the hour. Say, I'm going to get my sons. I'm going to get my daughters. If you're sick, I'm coming to pray for you. You mean your but your sons out in the world? Let's go get them with prayer. It's time, church. We go on the offensive like Abraham. Go get Lot. Go get your prodals. Go get your healing. Go get your salvation. Go get the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Let's all stand. [Applause] We are not a dead church. Yes, sir. Saints, I I believe, if you allow me, I believe our pastor's heart, what he's wanting to say is, look, when the word was made flesh, we do have a baptism. So, we'll uh we'll call for you shortly. When the word was made flesh in Jesus Christ, he came to lay down his life for others. When the the word was made flesh according to divine promise in the prophet of the age which was a first one to maturity that was a life lived for others. Right? And if that same spirit that raised up Jesus Christ from the dead dwell in you, it will quicken your mortal bodies. Quit being selfish. It doesn't quicken your mortal body so you can say, "Look at me. Look at me. I'm original life. Aren't I pre?" No, it quickens your mortal body. So now you can be a fountain of living water bellowing out and say, "The spirit and the bride say, "Come. He that is thirsty, come and drink. If you're hungry, come and eat." Now that's real lives. And I believe some of us, if you need to repent, look, all you have to do is identify with the sacrifice. Lord, I'm truly sorry. I don't want to do it anymore. Plead the blood. We're not Catholics. You don't have to do penance. If you sow to the flesh, you do you. There might be a few things you got to make right, but don't let the devil beat you up. Say, "Lord, it's in your hands. All things work together to the good that to them that are called according to the purpose. Right? You identify with that. And now let's go forward. Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus. How can we ever have faith for a body change if we're lacking faith for our justification? Look friends, Enoch was not walking and wondering if I'm in or out. Oh, he he was walking with the provider. We're walking with the provider, church. All those other things are beneath you. Set your affections on things above. Let's start praying for one another. Let's start if if you see a brother, sister, and their their children are out in the world. Oh, I could preach right now out of Why Christ speaks. Sorry, I'm doing it again. But after Moses plagued Pharaoh, Pharaoh finally had enough. Pharaoh said, "I'll make a deal with you. just just go out for 3 days, you men, and come back. Pharaoh said, "I ain't leaving, and I ain't leaving a hoof behind." And he said, "Oh, I'd like to preach on this if God would give me a chance." He said, he said, "Moses plagued Pharaoh with thus sayith the Lord." Plagued Pharaoh with the words of Moses. Bride, we got thus sayith the Lord. Let's start plaguing the devil with it and say, "I'm not leaving a hoof behind." What are we singing? Let's just sing this if that those that are uh preparing for baptism, if you can go. Uh, brother Billy, if you can come help us, we'll go baptize. And uh, sorry to keep you longer than we wanted. God bless you. [Music] He became sin, burdened, no sin. Oh, that we might be with that he humbled himself. Oh, and cared. Oh, I love so amazing. Oh, I love so Jesus my name. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] The resus. [Music] [Music] [Music] Lord of all [Music] his body. His blood. Oh, and broken angle [Music] the soul. Oh, I love so amazing. Oh, I love so amazing. [Music] Jesus blessing [Music] Oh my [Music] Jesus, Lord of all. Hallelujah. Why don't you just give the Lord a hand to clap tonight? Hallelujah. Thank you for your word tonight Lord. Hallelujah. The word for the time that we are living in. And eagle scream. Oh child come out of earth. [Music] Oh, I'll take you in my arms and lead you to the world. Hallelujah. Oh, and come on. Oh, and I out of my heart. [Music] Oh, and I cut in pieces. I heard God. Sing that first. All my life I search for the truth. Oh, when I sh inside I knew his life just for you. Oh, there was no comfort. and will sustain. [Music] Oh child [Music] of the earth. Oh, I take you to the world. Oh my. [Music] Oh, and I teach you how to fly. Hallelujah. Oh, I so happy I heard God's name. Sing that second. Oh, there I was in the midst of [Music] the empty heart was really all I could see. Oh, I need something fresh. Oh, to free my heart soul. Oh my f so place I had to go. [Music] [Music] Oh, I'll take you on my own and you to the word. Oh, come on. Oh, and you out of my heart. [Music] I have sing. Oh, I heard God single. [Music] Hallelu. Hallelu. Hallelujah. Amen. We sing that song. Um um I forgot the title of it. We sang it the other Sunday. Um the one that the youth sing. What's the name of the song? I'm sorry. I was made for more. Thank you very much. Amen. You may be seated. Let's just say that. Amen. Amen. That's really what we've been made for, for more of his word. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. wonderful opportunity to baptize once in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And then I would also just invite anybody who feels the call of God in your life that God is wanting you to set your affections on things above and you're tired of the the world and the things of the world. You want to repent. Exactly what the scripture said as on the day of Pentecost when Peter opened up his mouth and declared those words and he said in Acts 2:37 he says now when they he said um verse 36 therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly that the God hath made that same Jesus whom you crucified both Lord and Christ. Amen. And when they heard this, they were pricricked in their heart and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, "Men and brethren, what shall we do?" Then Peter said unto them, "Repent, and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ, for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For this promise is unto you and to your children and to all them that are a far off. You know, Brother Brandham said the aar off was the Gentiles. Praise God. Even as many as the Lord God shall call and God has called our brother to water baptism and to have that quickening power. And I just, brother, if there's a word of testimony you'd want to give. Um, I just want to thank God for the opportunity to speak again to my heart this afternoon and convinced me to come here and do this. I also I'm very grateful of this church. I'm grateful of the pastor. He's been a great great improvement in my spiritual life and I really thank God for that. And I would like to seal this with my bapt. Amen. Praise the Lord. Since there's just one of us, I'm gonna I'm gonna have you go to my right side if you stand over here. Amen. Hallelujah. Brother Alons, according to the commission to go in all the world, baptizing them in the name of the father and of the son and the holy ghost. Peter with the revelation of who Jesus Christ was on that day say baptize them in the name of Jesus Christ. Brother Alance according to the commission you've repented now and for the divine promise of the Holy Ghost. Amen. I now baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Glory. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Let's all stand. Amen. Amen. Just to uh make an announcement. Uh we have some ice cream bar in the fellowship hall after service. So whoever wants ice cream. Amen. Let's just sing that. Let's let's start with the chorus. Oh, and I was a man to be tending your grave. I was called by him. Born in a race back to life. Oh, and I was made for more. [Music] Oh, why would I make my shed of grace is running my way? I know. Hallelujah. I was faithful. I know who I am. I know who you are. The cross of salvation was only the time. How I am chosen, free and forgiven. Oh, and I have the future and it's worth to live in. Cuz I was a detaining. I was called by Oh, and raised back to life. Oh, I was faithful. When I [Music] say when the fountain of my way, I know I am yours. I was thankful. I know who I am. I know who you are. Oh, and the cross of salvation was only. [Music] Now I am chosen. Oh and free and forgiven. Oh, I have a future and it's worth [Music] I was made to be tainted in the grave. I was called. Oh, and born and raised back to life. Oh, and I was faithful. So why would I make my sh [Music] I am faithful. Oh, [Music] you are my name. I'll sing out your praise. Hallelujah. Oh, you my going back. Oh hallelujah. Oh you call my name. I sing out your praise. Oh [Music] you my I'm not going back. And I was made to be taken in the grave. I was called by me. Oh, and raised back to life. Oh, and I was faithful. Oh, why would I make my shame like a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours. I was faithful. Hallelujah. Would you tell me if I could just come in this place? Let's [Music] bow our heads. Our gracious Lord, we thank you for this time we've had together tonight, Lord. Lord, truly the revealing of your word, Lord. It's a process. It's an event Lord that has taken place in this dispensation as our brother so eloquently brought Lord that it's the son of man. Yes Lord being made alive to us but Lord it just like the rain that falls on the ground Lord it has to soak in. It has to water and continue to water. Lord, we pray that that can be the case tonight, Lord. The things that we've heard, Lord, they can continue to soak in. Lord, we realize there's a time for enduring, Lord. Truly, we have seasons in our life. We go through things. There's also a time of overcoming. So, Lord, we we want those things that he spoke about, Lord, to be underneath us, below our feet. You said every devil in hell. Lord, it doesn't matter where we find ourselves, part of the body of Christ. Your prophet said we could be the souls of his feet, the skin on the souls of his feet, and every devil in hell is beneath us. Give us that awareness, Lord, the overcoming power. Lord, as you said, we can lift up your word. We can claim the promises. we can have faith and believe that it's not us that's overcoming, Lord, at you and your word. So grant it to us tonight, Lord. We thank you for having been in this service. Lord, may we all be drawn closer to you. We thank you for the soul that's been added to the kingdom tonight, Lord. Lord, maybe he's the last one. We don't know, but we're looking forward, as our brother said, for a body change and a soon catching away. Be with us this week, Lord. Give us strength, we pray, Lord, that we can remember these requests, the needs put before us, Lord. Even the things that are on our own hearts, Lord, we just continue to ask and believe for them. Bless this fellowship we're about to go into, Lord. The the function of a of a church, Lord, is truly a benevolence and a taking care of the congregation. We thank you for this, Lord. Lord, just bless our fellowship and the food or the ice cream, whatever it may be, Lord. We can do it all in the right spirit. Go with us now. We ask this in the lovely name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you at this midst. Why don't we sing that song? Can't you see why I'm so happy? Amen. I believe we have to be the most happiest person there is on the planet. Amen. Oh, can't you see [Music] why I'm so happy? Oh, I accepted the word of the Lord. Oh, I was for [Music] a Oh, can't you see [Applause] why I'm so [Music] I accepted the wordhood of the Lord. Oh, the word I was born. Oh. Oh. Am I a prophet of my life? [Music] Hallelujah. [Music]
