################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-04-21 - 240421 - Jason DeMars: 7th Seal - The Mystery Of Hidden Wisdom - Jason DeMars - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2024-04-21
Title:   240421 - Jason DeMars: 7th Seal - The Mystery Of Hidden Wisdom
Speaker: Jason DeMars
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpLJ0RGAC3w
========================================

Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you, saints. So glad to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. If you want to go ahead and bring up the PowerPoint, we'll get right to the word. There's a lot of people obviously out of town for uh brother Caleb and Sister Julia's wedding that's going to happen tomorrow. Um and so just pray for everyone that's going to be that has traveled, is traveling, will travel tomorrow. So, amen. God is good. I'm going to speak on the seventh seal, the mystery of hidden wisdom. And I'm just putting part one on there because I know there's there's no way I will get through my notes today. So, let's turn in the scriptures to Revelation chapter 8 and verse one. Amen. And when he had opened the seventh seal, there was silence in heaven about the space of half an hour. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we just come before you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we ask that you would anoint your word. Lord, anoint your servants this morning. Lord, speak to our hearts, Father, in a supernatural way. I just want to lay myself aside, Lord. I'm yours. I ask that you just speak words of life through me this morning, Lord. That it would come like a revelation to every heart for your glory. We ask it in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Can be seated. So, as we look at this verse, uh, so frequently we just take it. I I just take it. It's It's not just you. It's me, too. We take it by itself and then we as as is so fitting we take it directly to Revelation 10. The seventh seal is just one verse speaking of the silence. And we understand it's speaking of the coming of the Lord, the revealing of the son of man. In other words, and it's speaking of the mighty angel coming down, uttering his voice, seven th when he utters his voice, seven thunders out of their voices because there's an open book revealing the mysteries that's in that open book. And then at that time the seventh church age messenger brings his message to finish the mystery of God. And of course that all that is absolutely true but there's other verses right after this and I want to look at it because personally I've always taken this and you see the next verse and you say this is the seven trumpets. That's that's all there is to it. But that's introducing the seven trumpets. the next few verses, as we'll see, there's more to the scene of the seventh seal than just verse one. And this amazed me when I saw it yesterday afternoon. Now, the seal again, we had the picture up on the first one is each seal holds a portion of the scroll. You open one, one portion opens, you open another as you go along and then the seventh until the seventh seal is opened, you cannot fully open the book and access to all its context. So when all the seven seals are opened, now we can say it's an open book. It's only partially opened when the first, second, third, fourth, fifth, and sixth. But once the seventh is opened now, we have access to everything. Everything is unsealed. And when that happens, what what what what's the result? There's a silence. There's a hush. There's an amazement. There's a reverence. There's an awe that's taking the the the greatest created beings are silent. The four the four creatures, living creatures or the four beasts there around the throne guarding the throne, they're silent. The 24 elders are silent. The saints are also everyone is silent around the throne. When this is opened, the book of redemption is now completely opened and they go silent. All right, let's look at a few quotes from the seventh seal. Uh when we compared the scripture here with Matthew 24 with the six seals, the seventh seal was left out because you see Christ said only God himself know not even the angels. No wonder it wasn't even written. You see they hushed nothing take place then angels don't know about it. Nobody knows when he is coming. But there will be seven voices of these thunders that will reveal the great revelation at that time. So I believe to us if we don't know it and if we it won't be known till that time but it will be revealed in that day in the hour that it's supposed to be revealed in. So the thing for us to do is to be reverent before God and serve him and do all that we know how to do and live good Christian lives. Here now we find that the sixth seal has been open to us. We see it and we know that this seventh seal cannot be broke to the public until that hour arrive. Now, there was some reason that God let these the seven voices be thundered because it must come. See, we find that Christ the Lamb took the book in his hand and he opened that seventh seal. But you see, it's a hidden mystery. No one knows it. But it's right along with what he said. No one would know his coming. They also would not know about this seven thunder mystery. So, you see, it's connected together. that much we have an understanding of it today because the rest of it is all unfolded but this is not unfolded but sitting in my room I heard this or not heard rather but seen it unfold to this seven thunders now that's as far as we can go right there and now I trust that each and every one of you will serve God and do that which is right and love him all your life and serve him and God will take care of the rest now we have in the completion here now by the grace of God all the mystery of the six seals that's been sealed up and we understand and know here that the seventh seal is not to be known to the public. Now his coming at the hour of his coming when the destruction of the earth you know he said there that what will be the sign of the coming of the end of the world in Matthew 24 there where they asked him that question he went down to that he told told about Israel being gathered as a nation in the 31st verse Matthew 24:31 but then he started off in parables see then you see learn a parable of the fig tree when you see us putting forth its buds why you know spring is nigh then when you see this coming to pass then know that the time is n see Israel gathering in its own homeland. But you notice he omitted the revelation of the seventh seal. And here when the seventh seal when he opened it, he also omitted it again. See, so we see that it is a complete mystery. Therefore, the hour is not yet for the mystery to be known. Therefore, we're this far and the rest of it will be known right around about this time that Jesus appears on the earth for his bride or whatever takes place at that time. Now, until that time, let's just all pray, live good, straight Christian lives looking forward to his coming. Amen. Now as we read this we we have to understand you cannot dislocate this from the rest of the message. You cannot take the seventh seal and say well that's it. Seventh seal is not revealed. Brother Brandham says nothing else about it. He says a lot more about it. They asked him if the if the seven thunders is not yet known or if the seventh seal is known. He said that's what the message is all about. In in in the church ages book, what does he say? That that seventh church age messenger does two things. He turns the hearts of the children back to the Pentecostal father's faith and he reveals the mystery of the seven thunders. And it's the mystery truth reveed in those seven thunders that actually is what restores us back to the original faith. So when we're looking at it, what is the the what did the seven thunders speak in heaven? What did they speak? Well, only person can tell that would be the seventh angel of Revelation 10:7. He's the one that has to reveal to us what they said because it wasn't uttered to us. What's uttered to us is the voice of the seventh angel. God doesn't speak to his church as a whole through angelic beings, spiritual angelic beings. He uses natural angels because in the Bible based on the context we understand it either can be a human messenger or it can be a spiritual messenger what we call an angel. But angel is angalos and a human certainly can be an angel. Amen. There's spiritual beings who are angels and there's natural beings who are angels. If you have if you carry a message from God to his church that doesn't come from a spiritual angel. We can't find anywhere in scripture where an entire church receives a revelation from a spiritual angel or the children of Israel. The first time that God came down to speak to the nation, they said, "Stop. Don't do that. We're all going to die. So he says they've spoken right. I'll raise up a prophet. So that's how God is going to speak to his people. So we come to this seventh seal. It is a mystery. The third part of it is in mystery form. We he said we know the first two parts. The third part is a mystery. It's tied to what? The coming of the Lord and the seven thunders. So brother Brandham's purpose when he preached the seventh seal is to understand it's a mystery. The six seals all give us information, right, about God's plan, God's purposes, what he has done, what he is doing, what he will do. But the seventh seal is what? Think about think about this for a second. What is what was when Ruth received her promise, what did she receive? Six measures of barley. Why not seven? Because the seventh inheritance which she was to have was Boaz, a person. So what is the seventh seal? It's revealing a person. It's a revelation of Christ. It's in mystery format. I cannot I can I can try to preach everything to you about Christ. And we we ought to make it plain by the scriptures. I can try to tell show you the Godhead. I can try to show you the de the details about who he is. But the the the real reality is that God doesn't want us to know facts about him. God wants us to know him by supernatural revelation personally in our heart so that we really have fellowship with him. Not a make believe, not a pretend, but a real transforming power of revelation. It's no mistake that brother Brandham says, don't try to interpret this. Live a godly Christian life. What is the interpretation of the seventh seal? Christ in you, the hope of glory. You living the life of Christ in this hour is the interpretation of the seventh seal. I went all the way to the end right at the beginning. Uh 1 Corinthians chapter 2. This is the area where I uh took my title from. And I want to go through all of chapter 2. I feel like it's important to see the full context here because because it gives in the scripture there's a there's a balance. We can try to go off and and and go one direction into the Pentecostal side. We can try to go off into the revel revelatory side, but the scripture doesn't present it in these imbalanced ways. It gives us the balanced truth right down the middle. He says, 'And I, brethren, when I came to you, came not with excellency of speech or of wisdom, declaring unto you the testimony of God. So this is Paul speaking about how he what was his initial approach to the Corinthians. When I came to you, I wasn't trying to use excellent speech. I wasn't trying to bring wisdom to you. I was simply declaring you the testimony of God. For I determined not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ and him crucified. Amen. And I was with you in weakness and in fear and in much trembling. And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom. What was it in then, Paul? But in demonstrration of the spirit and of power. Again, he's not denying that he had speech and preaching. He had speech and preaching, but his approach, he was not preaching to them. They're ignorant. They're pagans. His initial approach wasn't, I'm going to show you uh the the mysteries of predestination. It means nothing to them. You must be first receive the Holy Ghost and be converted. Then the Holy Ghost leads you into all truth. So, he comes what? With the gospel. Jesus died. This was promised in the word. It was prophesied uh hundreds of years ago. It's come to pass. And God has raised him from the dead just like the scripture says. See, that's what his preaching was. But it wasn't just with that. It wasn't just outward words. He came and said Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's still a healer. He promised to us that the signs would follow the word. And so the signs followed the word that Paul preached. He laid his hands on the sick. They recovered. Many times he just spoke the word. You sir, I see you have faith. Get up. And so that's how the gospel comes. It must come this way and it must continue this way. The power of God is attached to the true preaching of the word. If there's no power behind it, we can see that there's a problem. We should examine what's what's what's the issue here? Why why isn't there the supernatural power accompanying the word that's being preached? First of all, it should bring transformation in people's lives. Second of all, signs should be following. 1 Corinthians 2 verse 5, that your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God. See, that's what Paul was presenting to them. not merely words of a man, but he was presenting to them the power of God. He was showing them this Jesus is alive and here and manifesting himself right now amongst you. You can see him. He's manifested. This is Jesus. This isn't Paul. This is the words of Jesus coming through the body of Christ. And so that their faith would not be in Paul. See, there's a great danger. Can that happen? Absolutely. People's faith could be in the messenger instead of in the power of God. Now, here Paul was laboring to make sure that they knew that this was Jesus Christ on display. How be it? How be it? However, so again, it's important to finish the scripture. If we just stay with one through five, we say we don't need the mysteries of the word. We don't need to understand the scripture. We don't need to understand the mysteries that God brought through the prophet. Well, then why did he bring him in the first place? Just just to say he did. No, he came to bring us an understanding. Listen to the sermon paradox. He says it has to come in Ephesians again. Why? Because there he he's come to bring us an understanding. not just an understanding for the sake of an understanding, but that we would know him and the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his sufferings. So he did he says, "How be it, however, we do speak wisdom among them that are perfect, not sinless. Is that what it's speaking of? It's speaking of mature. Those who have matured in the word, we do speak wisdom to them." So he's not he's not saying, you know, I just preach uh the simplicity of the gospel. That's what it seems like he's starting to say. I determined when I came to you, I determined to not know anything but the simplicity of the gospel. However, for those who are mature, I do speak wisdom. Yet, it's not the wisdom of the world, nor of the princes of this world that come to nothing. And Paul's going to talk to us about how this comes. It's not by the flesh. It's not after man's knowledge. But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery. Amen. Now if if you if you look and study uh world religions and cults, they always present it as a mystery because they believe it is hidden and should remain hidden except for us elite people. But here he says we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery. Every you do the search yourself. Look up mystery in the New Testament. Every time mystery is brought, it doesn't mean that it's to remain hidden. It means it's revealed. It's something that was hidden that's now revealed. So Paul is saying, we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery. So he's speaking it. He's speaking the mystery, even the hidden wisdom which God ordained before the world unto our glory. That word ordained literally means for ordained. So this hidden wisdom was actually for ordained in the mind and plan of God before the foundation of the world for you to receive the revelation of it. See he's not speaking it for no reason. Why is he speaking it? Because those who are mature can hear and receive it. Amen. And God has or ordained for ordained it for our glory. Anytime you see this word glory, if you study it out, it is connected to manifestation. And so I find it incredible when you look at it. It's going to be the manifestation of who we are. So God foreord ordained the hidden wisdom to manifest who we are in Christ. And so you couldn't go to the Old Testament. See, there's many scriptures here in the Old Testament and you'll never see the reality of it until that mystery was revealed by the Apostle Paul. But then you see the church walked away from it. They fell away from it and went into all kinds of false teachings and false doctrines and missed these mysteries. Why? It was hidden to them which none of the princes of this world know knew. For had they known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory. But as it is written, I have not seen nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man the things which God has prepared for them that love him. One of the most misqued verses in the entire Bible. Why? Because they stop there. And Paul doesn't stop there. He's he's making a point as it is written. No one can no one can work this out on their own. But God has revealed them unto us by his spirit. For the spirit searches all things, yay, the deep things of God. So those things that are hidden that eye hasn't seen or earheard, we know them. They've been delivered to us. It was hidden. It was a hidden mystery. It was hidden wisdom for us, for our glory. Amen. It's not to be so complicated and complex that young people can't understand it. Right? It's both it's a it's a revelation. What is the what is the qualification for you to receive the hidden wisdom? The baptism of the Holy Ghost. What is the evidence of having received the Holy Ghost? He, the Spirit of truth, will lead you into all truth and show you things that are to come. That's what Brother Brandham said. It's not love. It's not fruit. It's not tongues. It is being led into all truth. First, you have to have the Holy Ghost. You're never going to be led you're not you're never going to be led into the hidden wisdom without the baptism of the Holy Ghost because it's the spirit that searches all things. Not the human spirit, the spirit of God. For what man knoweth the things of man, save the spirit which is in him? Even so the things of God knoweth no man but the spirit of God. Again, you can you can have knowledge. 1 Corinthians 13 speaks of this. Same same book same book says you can know all mysteries and without love you're nothing. See, so you can have human knowledge and you can come to God in the form of human knowledge. It's the same picture that we look at. The Bible says if you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you'll be saved. Is that the truth? Amen. That's the truth. It also says, "Not everyone that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom, but he that doeth the will of my father." Right? Many will come to me in that day. Have we not prophesied? Did Did we not do mighty works? My goodness. Can you imagine meeting God and telling him, "My works, my works that I've done prove that I'm saved. You never were saved in the first place. Nothing in my hands I bring. Simply to thy cross I cling." That's I come empty-handed, Lord. I have no good works of my own. I have nothing good to present to you. only the blood and righteousness of Jesus Christ. That's all I can present. And so a person can be anointed as brother Brandham showed us. They can be anointed with the spirit, holy spirit on their flesh or even on their human spirit and do the works of Christ and still be lost. The way he says it, you say, "But I got the baptism of the Holy Ghost." You can have the baptism of the Holy Ghost every day of your life and still be lost. He says, but he but the point was he said, you say it your version. You say, I have spoke with tonesues. He's talking to Pentecostals. You say, I spoke with tonesues. Well, you can speak with tonesues every day of your life and still be lost. It's not about having some anointing. It's about truly having an experience of God that leads you into all truth. And the word of truth does what? It sanctifies us. It transforms us. It molds us and makes us into the image of Jesus Christ. There's no use. You a person can be reformed and look the part. A person can be anointed on the spirit and look the part, but you're getting the cart before the horse. You have to have the word living in you. And then that will produce what God wants it to produce. 1 Corinthians 2:12, "Now we have received not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God, that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God." Wow. Did you see what he just said there? We read over this so fast, so many times. Why did we receive the spirit of God? So you could shout. Maybe you might shout. Why did we receive the spirit of God? So we could speak with tongues. This comes along with it. Maybe prophesy, dance, sing. Sure, all those things could come. But that's not the real reason. What is the real reason, Paul? So that we would know. so that we would know the things that are freely given to us of God. You say, "Well, what difference does that make?" Knowing something. I guess God thinks it makes a difference. I don't care what you think. I don't care what I think. But apparently, knowing the things that are given to us by God is very precious in the sight of God. So much so that he gives us the Holy Spirit so that we would know it. Why did God go to all the trouble to train brother Brandham to work in his life to deal with him in such a a difficult harsh way we think humanly speaking having to lose his family over disobedience having to get almost die multiple times because he wasn't listening to the voice as he should. Why did God do that? so that he would when he got to the time of the opening of the word and the revealing of the mysteries, the spirit of God could flow through him for us to receive a revelation. We can't just count it as nothing and say, "Oh, we just need the baptism of the Holy Ghost." We need the baptism of the Holy Ghost because that helps us to know the things that are freely given to us by God. And it it's not so difficult and confusing. Who makes it difficult and confusing? The devil. Who? I'll move on from that. You can read between the lines of the hidden mystery of what I was about to say. Satan wants to make it troublesome, difficult, and confusing. But it's actually quite simple. The message of the hour. Christ has come down with a revelation to make himself known to our hearts so that we could be conformed to his image. And I'm sorry, I don't care what anybody has to say. There has to be a revealed word that would bring us to this place that we could be in the image of Christ. It is not going to just come merely by shouting in service. It's not going to just come merely by going to the special meeting. That that can be the start, but that can that's not going to finish it. That can reignite you. It's reignited me. That can reinspire you. It can refill you. But still, that's not it. If it's not bringing you the revelation of who Christ is and who you are and what he's doing today, it's not bringing the transforming power. It's not bring bringing rapturing faith. Yes, you must have the Holy Ghost to start this process. If you don't have the baptism of the Holy Ghost, we can't get in this condition where we don't speak about the experience. We don't speak about the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And it turns into this thing where we say, "Oh, the evidence of the Holy Ghost is just believing the message." Okay, now you're a Baptist again. It's an experience with God. You know that you receive it. It changes something in you. Not everything, but it starts a change. It's that's when the battle starts. Before you're not battling, you're on Satan's grounds and battlefield. But when you get the Holy Ghost, the battle begins. The trial begins. The trouble starts. The war begins. Why? Because God does. The devil does not want you to know the things that are freely given to you by God. Why do you think the de the devil hates the message and is trying to trying to trying to poke holes everywhere? Why? Why? Because the devil does not want you to know the things that are freely given to you by God. That's what the spirit of God is given to you as an individual for is to lead you into all truth. which things we also speak. Ah, so it has to be spoken. The things, the wisdom, the hidden wisdom has to be spoken by the five-fold ministry. First it comes to what? The messenger of the age. Then the five-fold ministry must stay faithful to what the messenger taught. That doesn't mean they're supposed to be parrots. Doesn't mean they're supposed to be able to press play. That means they're supposed to be able to take the word and place it in the Bible and preach it to you so that a revelation would come into your heart because that God has given you something freely and it must be spoken to you to me not in the words which man's wisdom teaches but which the Holy Ghost teaches comparing spiritual things with spiritual. Amen. Only the Holy Ghost can reveal it to you. Only the seventh seal can only be revealed to your heart by the Holy Ghost. Why? Because it's a mystery. Why is it a mystery? So, it's supposed to say hidden. No, it's it's a mystery because God is going to take that which is hidden to the world. It's not going to be broke to the public. The seventh seal is not meant for the public. It'll never be broken to the public. It's only to be broken into your heart to bring transforming power to your life. It's that hidden wisdom is what the Holy Ghost teaches. The Holy Ghost teaches. Amen. He anoints a teacher to teach you. He anoints a pastor to teach you. He anoints a prophet to teach you, an evangelist to teach you, etc. So, an apostle to teach you and comparing spiritual things with spiritual. I Let's Let's just move past that. I'll never get anywhere on this message. So, but the natural man receiveth not the things of the spirit of God. This is to me, this is this chapter is so incredible. What a perfect synopsis of the purpose of the message. The natural man receives not the things of the spirit of God. You in your human nature cannot really receive the true revelation of the seventh seal. You you you you might learn about it. You might read it, but that's not even the purpose of it. The purpose of it is so that it would come on the inside of you and change you. That's why it's hidden. That's why Satan can't mimic it. That's why that's why the the false church could never produce it because it's it's not just merely words. It's words in a life. It's words that have come into the place where the spirit of God resides and is making Jesus Christ known. The same yesterday, today, and forever. The natural man, the the this hidden wisdom is foolishness to him. He hates it. He despises it. He calls it nonsense. He call He says it's of the devil. It's deception. Right? That's what they think. But neither can he know them. He can't know him. It's not for him because it's spiritually discerned. But he that's spiritual discerns all things. Yet he himself is discerned of no man. Jud, it says judgeth, but it's the same same word there. Spiritually discerned, spiritually judged. But he that is spiritual will discern. We we can if you have the Holy Ghost, it will wade through any error and go directly to the truth. And everybody can try to judge you and discern you, but you're actually who's going to who who is going to bring any charge against God's elect? It's God that justifith, right? For who hath known the mind of the Lord that he may instruct him? No one. But we've been given a gift. What is that gift? We have the mind of Christ. Amen. How does the mind of Christ come? By the Holy Ghost teaching you all things. Amen. All right. Now, back to Revelation chapter 8. When he opened the seventh seal, there was silence in heaven about the space of half an hour. This is where I I left it before where we're where where we need to let's look at the rest of these verses before each of the trumpet comes. Let's look at at the remainder. And I saw the seven angels which stood before God. And to them were given seven trumpets. And again, I'm not going to go into every single detail. So there's a something I'm looking at here that I want to to to speak about. So these are seven angels. They're given seven trumpets. Clearly we see that as we go through the rest of the chapter 8, chapter nine, and then into chapter 11, you see the seventh trumpet. But these are g they're given the trumpets. They have not been deployed yet. The seventh seal is broken. Silence in heaven. They're given seven trumpets, but not deployed yet. And another angel came and stood at the altar having a golden sensor. And there was given unto him much incense, that he should offer it with the prayers of all saints upon the golden altar which was before the throne. And the smoke of the incense which came with the prayers of the saints ascended up before God out of the angel's hand. And the angel took the sensor and filled it with fire of the altar and cast it into the earth. And there were voices and thunderings and lightnings and an earthquake. So, this is the scene that's set in heaven at the opening of the seventh seal. I've never really, of course, I've read it over and over and over and over again, but I've never stopped to think about what was being said. So, here we have seventh seal open, silence in heaven, and then here's the angels presented to us. And then another angel comes to me. This is a picture of course in the temple. It speaks of the temple and it speaks of the golden altar. Now remember, of course, the trumpets call Israel to the feast. They're used of God to bring Israel back into position. That's what that's what the seven trumpets do. that are bringing Israel back into position and the place that God wants them to have. I don't want to spend a lot of time on that. These trumpets sound through the age, but are revealed by two witnesses during the tribulation period, much like the seals. The seals happen throughout the church age period, but they're opened and the understanding of them is given towards the end of the church age in the seventh church age only for the bride. The trumpets, though they happened through the age, are revealed to the 144,000 by the two witnesses. This will be part of their message. However, before that can happen, we find another angel is given incests to burn with the prayers of the saints. And the angel is going to burn the incense on the golden altar. This is not the mercy seat. This is the golden altar. The mercy seat is in the holiest of holies. The golden altar is actually just outside the holy of holies, right? I have the veil and just outside. So the throne of God would be here would be like the mercy seat in heaven. That place where you have the holy of holies. But just outside of that you have the golden altar. Now during during this dur during the Old Testament uh it's it speaks of Aaron was the one who was to come daily and do maintenance in not in the most in the most holy place not in the holy of holies but in the holy place. They come inside the temple not in the outer court but inside the temple and they go to the golden altar. They make sure that the manora, the seven golden candlesticks are still burning. If you remember Zechariah, Zechariah was a priest. Now in in when Moses writes of this in the Torah, he says Aaron is to do it. But understand that that priests are not Levi. Levites. There's a difference. O only people that can come and do do the work of a priest is from the tribe is from Aaron's family. See? And so they are the ones that can qualify to become a high priest. So you have a high priest. He's the he's like the he's the chief priest. He's the head, but he doesn't do all the work. He's the one that goes in on the day of atonement to the the most holy place. But they have many assignments of the family of Aaron of priests. Zechariah they came to his assignment. He was to go he was to go to Jerusalem. They stayed there for a period of time. See they lived somewhere else. They came to Jerusalem stayed for a period of time. It fell on his lot. It was his turn. And it was his duty to go in the morning and maintain the the golden candlestick. And to to do that they had to take the fire. They burned incense etc. that was part of what needed to be done. However, if we if we go back to it, it's Aaron that's supposed to do it. So, it's a high it's really the duty of the high priest though there's many many priests. There's many people from the family of Aaron that can do that. All right. I I hope you're starting to think about the bigger picture here and the typology here. Keep that in your mind. If you remember, what does the golden candlesticks represent? Christ is walking in the midst of the golden candlesticks. H what's that mean? Christ our high priest maintaining what? The manora. Who has to maintain the manora? The family of Aaron. The high priest. Who is the who is the priest of the new covenant? It's not from the family of Aaron. It's after the order of Melkazedc. So who I wonder who this another angel is. Now, the Bible in the in throughout the book of Revelation, it does say another angel. Another angel, another angel, and then in Revelation 10, we say another mighty angel. Here, it doesn't say another mighty angel, but it says another angel. I don't know who it could be. Do you know who it could be? I think it's Christ. That's my personal take that. Somebody could argue and say it's somebody else, but who I mean, this is a this is under the new covenant. Who is the sacrifice? Who is the high priest? It's not you. It's not me. It's not your pastor. There's one sacrifice. It's Christ. And so here he goes. And I want you to look and notice this. So he comes with a golden sensor, comes with much incense to burn it, and he's going to offer it what? With the prayers of all the saints. Now, everything you read, every commentary you read, they say the incense is the prayer of the saints. That's not what it's saying. He offers the incense with the prayers of the all the saints upon the golden altar which was before the throne. And the smoke of incense which came what? With the prayers of the saints ascended up before God. Now, I think the next scripture, yes, Numbers 16:46. And Moses said unto Aaron, "Take a sensor and put fire therein from off the altar, and put on incense, and go quickly unto the congregation, and make an atonement for them, for there is wrath gone out from the Lord, the plague is begun." And Aaron took as Moses commanded and ran into the midst of the congregation. And behold, the plague was begun among the people, and he put on incense and made an atonement for the people. So we look at this verse again. He's offering it with the prayers of the saints. What is the incense that's being offered then? If it's not, if the incense is not the prayers of the saints, what is being offered? There's one only one sacrifice for sin. This can only speak of the the merits of Christ. The righteousness of Jesus Christ is offered there as incense as a sweet smelling savor. Now your prayers by themselves, what are they? Your good works by themselves, what are they? Filthy rags in the sight of God. But your prayers are what? They're not just alone. What are they done? They're combined. The incense of Christ's perfect righteousness combines with your prayers. So how can you distinguish? You can't separate it. It's now one. Your prayers have become one with Christ. So now there's this uni unity between your prayers and the offering of Christ. Right? But then go take it take it one step further. If we look at Moses speaking to Aaron, take a sensor and do what? Make an atonement. Now, we understand that the offering was made through Christ at Calvary. It's a finished work. There needs to be no more sacrifice for sin. But this also here is not a sacrifice. But mo God through Moses tells him to take the incense and make it into an atonement. How many knows what an atonement is? Atonement means at onement. It means oneness is restored between the the offending party and the one who's offended. So now when an atonement is made, it makes God and the saints what? One. That's perfect. The prayers of the saints and the incense become one. The works of the saints and the Holy Spirit become one. The the spirit and the bride say what? Come with one voice. Amen. Now, let's keep going because I I don't want you to miss the importance of this day, the importance of the opening of the seven seals. It I it it's it's actually quite simple. If you feel like you're confused now, you won't be by the time we're done. Just depends on how long that takes. Don't don't get scared. I'm not fixing to close. Right. The preaching's so good. You You wouldn't want me to close, would you? I'm teasing this reverse psychology, I guess. Whatever. Daniel 12:4. But thou, oh Daniel, shut up the words and seal the book, even to the time of the end. Many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased. Now, I want you to get this because we're not, you think I'm not talking about atonement anymore. I'm talking about atonement. See, just because the sacrifice is finished doesn't mean that there's not a salvation at the end time. See, this this this is critical to understand. Now, Daniel has a vision and he's told, "Seal it up till when?" The end time. All right, let's keep going. Then Daniel Then I, Daniel, looked and behold, there stood other two. The one on this side of the bank of the river, another on that side of the bank of the river. And one said to the man clothed in linen, the man clothed in linen is equal to Revelation 10, the mighty angel. The man clothed in linen, which was upon the waters of the river. How long shall it be to the end of these wonders? I heard the man clothed in linen which was upon the waters of the river when he held up his right hand and his left hand unto heaven and swear by him that liveth forever and ever that it shall be for a time times and a half three and a half years when he shall have accomplished to scatter the power of the holy people all these things shall be finished. So when the purpose of what's sealed is opened is finished there's only three and a half years left. All right. Verse eight. And I heard, but I understood not. Then said I, "Oh my Lord, what shall be the end of these things?" Daniel's persistent. He wants an answer. I don't understand it. Help me to understand. See, he's he the un the revelation, the vision is there. It's written in the in the word, but the understanding, the revelation of what it means is not there. And Daniel says, "Clarify this. give me the revelation of this thing. And he said, "Go your way, Daniel." The words are closed up and sealed till the time of the end. The understanding is not going to be given, Daniel, until the end time. This is when it has to come. And this is the key verse that I'm trying to get to. Many shall be purified and made white and tried, but the wicked shall do wickedly, and none of the wicked shall understand. But the wise shall understand. See, the Holy Spirit is the one that teaches us the things that are given to us freely by God. So what what is the opening of the word to do at the end time? It's to bring us an understanding. What's the difference between the the wise and the wicked? An understanding. So how how can we say it's not necessary? It's not needed. We we need a revelation not by words which man's wisdom teaches but by what the Holy Ghost teaches. First get the Holy Ghost and that Holy Ghost will lead you to a revelation of the truth. All right. The wicked are wicked because they don't understand. They haven't received the revelation. And because of that they do wickedly. So if you had the revelation he wouldn't do wickedly. But notice what it says at the start. This opening of the word at the end time does what? Will purify and make you white. And of course it will try you also. So I thought the blood of Christ purifies us. Yes, it does. But what is what is that what does that come by? And this is this is the problem. We're limited to time. We're not eternal creatures. So, it'll take me another 30 minutes to get to the answer to that question that I just gave. So, you won't get it till next time, but we'll try to get close. So, there's a purifica. There's an atonement that takes place at the opening of the seventh seal. Amen. There's an incense that's offered at the golden altar that becomes one with the saints that purifies them and makes them white. Amen. And it's all based on the blood of Jesus Christ being shed for you and me. 1 Peter 15, who are kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation, ready to be revealed in the last time. I thought salvation was revealed 2,000 years ago at Calvary. Redemption has two parts, right? So redemption first, a price has to be paid. But that's not that's not all of it. Redemption means to take back to bring back to its original owner. So the next part is to bring back to its original owner. So there's a salvation that's going to be revealed. What is revealed? Something that's hidden has to be unveiled. See, I it's it's like you have a statue and there's and there is a sheet over it and nobody knows what the statue is. Then you pull that sheet off and everybody can see it. That's what has to happen to bring salvation at the end time. So what's the important of the me importance of the message? It's going to bring us salvation. It's bringing us an atonement. Amen. All right, from the indictment should all be familiar with this quote. It's very important now and Christ is God's provided lamb. Notice how appropriate it was showing that that Jerusalem was ceasing when it was in in effect until that hour. The blood of the lamb was all right. The the sacrificial lamb in the temple, it was all right until that day. But now at the crucifixion, it changes. The old system is done. There was a new one. And the lamb, speaking of Christ, was at the sacrifice. The lamb, the sacrificial lamb was on the grounds. They were condemning and doing the very thing there that they had to do. That's right. God be blessed for seeing this wonderful heavenly light in this last day because the churches is doing the same thing today until the hour that organization, religion is condemned. and proved to be sacrificing Christ's word. From then on comes to the word and the word only. From the old pascal lamb passed away and Christ become our lamb at the day of the crucifixion. And the day that the denomination crucified the word of God and accepted a creed instead of the word, that's the day the word come into full effect. That's just been recently. So what does it do? What is he saying? What does he what what is the change? We saw it right here. An atonement is made at the opening of the seventh seal. If that's rejected, what happens? That's that's finished for you. What happens? He's gone to the word and the word only. Does that mean the blood of Christ no longer applies? No. That means now the blood of Christ fully applies the way it's supposed to been throughout all the ages. Why? Because they left the word. It's the word had been trampled on and held in check by denominations for 1900 years. But now the word is opened. That which they left, we've been restored back to. Amen. And what what is it? What is it? We've seen it. It's it becomes an atonement for us. Ephesians 5. Musicians, if you'd come. Husbands, love your wives even as Christ also loved the church and gave himself for it. This is where I want to get. That he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word. That he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and without blemish. So that is this atonement. It's the bleeding word. It's the bloody word. It's the word has become blood. Right now, that word that you're hearing preached to you because what is the opening of the seventh seal? It's the opening of the word. What is the opening of the word? It's the restoration back to the original faith. Those mysteries which have been hidden through the ages are now revealed to us. And when that revelation comes to you, that atonement comes to you. how when he sees you, there's an invisible union and what what happens? He says, "You never even sinned in the first place. You have on the wedding band of unmmerited grace." Amen. Your sins are sent to the sea of forgetfulness. But I thought that happened at Calvary. That's what that's where the price was paid. But remember, they left the original word. And we've got to come back to the original word. How can he present to himself a church without spot or without wrinkle if they're believing a false word, a false revelation? So, a true revelation has to come back for the bride to be cleansed by that revelation. And in that cleansing, that's where you're one with him. That's where oneness is restored with Christ. That's where when Christ when God looks upon you, what does he see? Not you, but Christ in you. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you so much for your word. Lord God, there's there's so much here and so much more here, Lord. I pray, Father, that what's been spoken, Lord, you would bring it as a revelation to every heart. Lord, that even down to the youngest ones, Lord, that it would become quickened, Lord, in their soul. that it would bring bring a transforming power in their life. Lord, an overcoming power in their life as it's promised to do. Lord, we thank you for for all the great blessings you've poured upon us through this message. Lord, continue Lord to move and work in our lives and set us free, Lord, from the things that so tries to so easily beset us. Father, we commit ourselves to you for your glory in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's stand and worship the Lord together for a few minutes. [Music] with Jesus is walking close to the let it Dear Lord, let it be. Is that your desire? A closer walk. Amen. Just a closer walk with thee. [Music] pray and it Jesus is my please daily walking close to the let it be dear Lord let it be God bless saints. I am weak but thou are strong. [Music] Jesus keep me from all wrong. I'll be satisfied long [Music] as I walk. Let me walk close to thee. Yes, the closer all will be. Great Jesus is my plea. Daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be through this world of toil and snare. [Music] If I falter, Lord, who cares? Who with me my burden shares. None but thee, dear Lord. None believe. [Music] I'm singing just the closer one will be. Grand Jesus is my please daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. I'm singing just a closer walk with thee. Granted, Jesus is my plea. Daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. Singing just a closer walk with thee. [Music] Granted, Jesus is my please. [Music] daily walking close to thee. [Music] Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. [Music] [Music]
