################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-16 - (Sunday School) The Maturing of Sons and Daughters - Bro. Caleb Campbell - Caleb Campbell - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-16
Title:   (Sunday School) The Maturing of Sons and Daughters - Bro. Caleb Campbell
Speaker: Caleb Campbell
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqnhKMNgg-U
========================================

God bless you this morning. Let's we just stand. Uh we're going to do scripture and then we're going to turn to the Lord in prayer. First Corinthians chapter 3 and vers 16. If you want to Turn in your Bibles with me this morning. 1 Corinthians 3 and verses 16. We're going to just read two verses. It's a familiar text. It says that know ye not that ye are the temple of God and that the spirit of God dwelleth in you? If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy. For the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are. Let no man deceive himself. If any man man among you seemth to be wise in this world, let him become a fool that he may be wise. For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God. &gt;&gt; For it is written, he taketh the wise in their own craftiness. And again the Lord knoweth the thoughts of the wise, and that they are vain. Therefore, let no man glory in men, for all things are yours, whether Paul or Apollos or Cphus or the world or life or death or things present or things to come. All are yours. And ye are Christ's and Christ is God's. Let's just go before the Lord. Heavenly Father, we just want to thank you for the reading of your word this morning. Lord, we just pray that you'd help us open up the word, Father. And we just want to quiet ourselves, Lord. So often times, Lord, I'm guilty of Lord just getting a little bit nervous and just going too fast. Lord, I just was listening to your prophet talk about that, Father. And he how often times he would just calm himself down, calm his nerves, Lord, so that you could come in and speak to the people, Father. Just calm us down tonight, Father, this morning. And help us, Lord. We love you, Father. We're just here to hear from you, Lord. May you just be with the entirety of the service. We commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you &gt;&gt; as you take your seats this morning. This isn't really a part two so much, but it is kind of an extension of a thought I took several weeks ago. Um, I'm going to just title it the maturing of sons and daughters this morning. A few statements I ended with uh last time I thought that were they were worth repeating. And you know, so the first effect of sin in our lives is always to make us try and hide what we are. Sin always involves us being unreal or pretending. And then we brought that word out, duplicity, which is being deceitful or being two-faced. You know, acting one way when you're at church or maybe another way when you're at work, you know, and we ask ourselves the question, are we the same believer or are we the same believer that we claim to be at church at home and in our private lives and in our thought lives? And I wanted to stop and touch on this for a minute. Um, there's a few directions that this can take us. And we're going to catch some quotes here this morning from a sermon Brother Brandham, we're familiar with, Brother Brandham teaches on the stature of a perfect man to help us drive this point down. But there is a maturing process that does take place in the life of believers. Amen. When we're born again. um to bring a natural uh example in. Uh my wife and I, we've we've talked several times about kind of the the developmental process of of babies and children as they grow. And &gt;&gt; I was just thinking back about a year, maybe maybe a year or two ago, I was trying to get my daughter to hold a fork or a spoon a certain way. And I was showing her how to do it, and then I was placing it in her hand to do it. drawing, you know, they hold it with like a fist. If you've ever seen it, they don't actually have that ability to do that. You can try to force them to, and they may be able to pick it up for a time, but they're not able to do it the way that someone with more fine motor skills are able to do it. And so they don't have the coordination, right? So, so most of the time when they when they grab it, they they want to do it. You know, you're supposed to mimic it. So, they want to do it and they end up kind of awkwardly holding it like a fist and, you know, kind of doing it like this. Or when they're drawing, they kind of draw like this. And as a parent, you have to recognize what stage your child is in, right? Because, you know, they may just not have that motor skill developed yet. And that's okay. You know that one day that they will. And so you have to be patient in that process. You have to be understanding to know I am going to continue to teach and I'm going to continue to train, but they may not be where you you think they should be yet or they may not be where they need to be or they just may not be to that place yet. Um [snorts] it ties into a scripture uh that talks about in Hebrews it talks about eating, you know, the strong meat of the word versus being babies and eating the milk of the word. And it's it's important to remember each stage is vital to development spir, you know, speaking kind of naturally and spiritually. You can't you can't skip the milk stage for babies. There's certain nutrients, right, that they need in milk in order to grow vitamins and and minerals. Their digestive system isn't completely ready to handle more solid foods yet. So for a time they drink milk and then as they get a little bit older you begin to start introducing foods into their diet and of course usually you start off simple right you you teach them the concept of eating because at first it's a very foreign thing to them you know just just think you know when we are being trained in something that we have absolutely no idea have never seen it or heard it or done it is a foreign concept to us you know and I was thinking about when I was in I was in paramedic school, they would teach us a concept of, you know, you'd sit in class and you'd learn how you were to do a certain thing. You know, you this is how you put an IV into a vein. This is how far you you you need to put the needle. This is this is a certain medication. This is that. And so, you'd have the concept of it, right? But then there would be the application process. So, and that's that's an important note. I I going to get to that in a few minutes. But you know, there's the concept and then there's application. Um, but when when they're used to doing a certain thing, when they're used to drinking milk, it it doesn't take long for them to realize what food is and how to eat it. You know, usually you start off as a baby, you start off with kind of more handheld foods and introduce it. And I was looking on Google. These are just some rough averages from Google because every kid is different. But between between the ages of one and two, babies can begin feeding themselves with a spoon. Right? So it might be a mess and it usually I I think brother Jason made a point like this. It usually gets all over the place, but the point is is that they are able to start eating the same kind of foods that you are eating and you're you need to start introducing those things to them, right? and just thinking spiritually this morning, you know, because it's not to sound demeaning or derogatory to call to call someone a spiritual baby. Now, if they're spiritual babies for a long time, then, you know, we need to figure out what where the where the disconnect is, but everybody is a spiritual baby at some point in their life. You have to have the milk of the word in order to allow the digestive system spiritually speaking to increase and to be able to take the word and eat the word. When it when the Bible says take the word, eat the book, there has to be a process in that. Um, you know, but everybody has that time. And you know, and when the word is transforming their lives and the process of it, we're going to read some quotes in a minute. And the process of it, if the if the process is done right, it it comes from the inside out, right? So when we're born again of the spirit of God, then he starts transforming our lives from the inside out. That's how the process is supposed to work. We're we're we're born again. The Lord comes in, lives in us, and then he is able to train us and teach us. And we'll go through stages. Um, but you just have to and some sometimes you have to have you have to have grace for people and discernment to know what stage they're in. Amen. Um, because it's our job as the body of Christ. It's our job to pray for them, to encourage them, to help them along the road. Amen. Just because they may not be in the same place spiritually as you are, they one day they they they'll get there. God has a plan for them to get there. Amen. And so, what is our job to do? Our job is to pray for them. Our job is to not focus on a fault if they fall down or if they make a mistake. Our job is not to say, "Well, you know, I I knew you were going to do that because I saw the road you're going to do." That's not going to help anybody. You pray for that person and you encourage them. And when they even when they come, I just was thinking about this the other night, um last night specifically actually. And when when somebody has new experiences in the Lord, everything is fresh. everything is new. And maybe when they'll come to you and they'll they'll have something exciting or or they'll, you know, they'll say, "The Lord is really dealing with me in this way or, you know, the Lord has has convicted me here or done this." Don't don't be derogatory to them. Don't say, "Well, you know, you you need to get a little further down the road." No, encourage them. That's an awesome thing. Praise the Lord. That is that is great. God is going to take them through those stages. And we can't let them skip the milk of the word. You try to feed steak to a baby, they just can't digest it. But it doesn't mean that one day they won't digest it. If that makes sense [snorts] &gt;&gt; because God is God is obviously doing a work in their life. And sometimes it does take a little time. And I'm gonna I'm going to take uh several approaches here because because we have to have um we have to have balance there. But I want to read these quotes and I'll show you why here in a few minutes. Brother Benham says in the stature of a perfect man 1962 vers or paragraph 346 he says now that is the house that God dwells in not a building with a big bell on top of it and a high steeple. See a body thou hast prepared me a body that God can dwell in. God can walk in God can see in. God can talk in. God can work in. Amen. The living instrumentality of God. God walking on two feet in you. Glory. The footsteps of the Lord are uh the footsteps of the righteous is ordered of God. God is walking in you. For ye are written epistles read of all men. And if the life that's in Christ be in you, you'll bear the life that Christ bore. Right? In the power of transformation, he says, "Let the Holy Spirit come upon any person that's truly got something down there. A healing comes from the inside. Let the healing come from the spirit that's in you. If it's a genuine spirit anointing anointing the genuine seed, it can't do nothing but bear a son or daughter of God. But the genuine spirit can come upon a cocklebird seed. The rain can fall upon a cocklebird and it will make it live just the same as when it falls on the wheat and makes it live. But by their fruits you know them. Brother Brandham says, "See, we're a fruit tree of God bearing his word." Right? So we're a fruit tree and we're bearing his word. Jesus said, "Let a man deny himself and follow me. Let him deny his education, his knowledge, his degrees. Take up his cross and follow me." And he says, "Look at you in here. How how many has had that experience?" Everyone. We've we've had that experience because it was spoke. It was believed. And the word came forth and fell into the bed of the heart and there it growed right out of it. See, and it's this is this is a good point. He says, "Transforming yourself, his holy spirit transforms the seed word into his likeness." Like if a pear tree brings forth a pear, an apple tree, an apple, things like that. His word will bring forth sons and daughters of God. That's what it's supposed to do. So if it's a genuine word falling on a genuine seed, it will produce genuine fruits of the spirit. Amen. &gt;&gt; Um so if you have that genuine experience and that life is now in you, you know, and he says this in the statue of a perfect man, go listen to that sermon. It's so good. I'm still listening to it. Uh but it's so good. And we're going to between this one and the next Sunday school, we're going to touch on a lot of points. But he says the the first step, the very foundation is having faith and being born again. And being born again, he says, actually produces the faith to believe the word. And then after you get the faith, only then, these are direct quotes, only then you're actually in a position to grow. Amen. So that's the foundation. Then you're in a position that you can grow. Amen. &gt;&gt; And if you're born again, the the life that you're living should manifest the right fruits, right? The fruits of righteousness. Amen. The fruits of holiness. Amen. The fruits of brotherly kindness. The fruits of knowledge. The fruits of patience. Um so tying that in, we're going to come back to that in a minute, but getting back to the stages here. So once once kids hit a certain age, they start to eat the same food we eat. And and what they what you do is is they're going to watch you eat the food, right? My wife is is really she's just great about it. She'll, you know, she'll she'll show them and then she'll teach them and then when they do it, which is another important step is you you you encourage them, you know, they take a bite, it lands in their mouth, they get a big old smile and you say, "Yeah, that's awesome." You know, and because that's the stage that they're in, right? And so they watch, what do they do? They mimic. They watch you pick up food, right? So, we're going to tie in some spiritual things this morning. But, you know, as someone is a fresh Christian, right, they're watching you. They're watching the fruits that you bear, right? They're watching your life. They're watching everything that you do. And that's that's an important thing. They come to the church. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing the word of God. And then that word that they hear, they have to be able to see it put into application, which is the life of Christ bearing bearing in your life. Right? we bear the the the life of Christ. And so when when a when someone is is born again for a for a time again getting back to the concept and and application, you have the concept of what needs to be done and then you have the application of whatever it is actually being done. So there there is there's an understanding but then taking that taking that understanding because there's going to be a trial and error process. when I when I was going through that specific schooling, uh you I would be the first in line because I knew I was going to mess up a lot and I I didn't want to sit there and watch 20 other people mess up because then in your mind you're like, "Oh, I'm going to mess up real bad." I wanted to mess up first, right? So then I'd get in line and I'd mess up real quick and then I'd do it. And then you just continually do it. You have to do so many hours where you're watching somebody else do it and then you do it yourself and then you're watching somebody else do it and then you're doing it yourself. you're watch it's concept and then it's application right so um it's it's the the the the children they have to learn how to eat right in order to survive it's a ba basic skill and so they learn that from their parents and as we all know it's it's a process right it takes patience but eventually it just becomes right a second nature to them and it's important to um it's important important to remember this to know that I don't want to say the word immature believers but believers that aren't completely matured in the word need to have models of mature believers. Amen. They need to have mature believers that they can look at and see, well, I saw the concept of this, but how is the application? We we know the application. The model, I'm going to start with this. The model is always Christ. Always look at Christ. But we are supposed to be bearing the fruits, not producing, but bearing the fruits. So, we should be able to model certain things, right, in our life. And and I just I just thought about that. Imagine we're going to take the negative and we're going to take the positive. I'll start with the negative. So we end with the positive. So it when someone can witness the word being lived, the word manifesting right in reality in people's lives, right? People living clean holy lives, fruit bearers of the word in the most impossible, in the most dark and at times in the most vulgar, you know, vulgar time that is God with skin on it, right? You are God with skin on it because you have the life of Christ living in you. And that will preach to people 10,000 times more than I could ever do that pastor could ever do because they're watching it live in your life. They're watching. Wow. I see the word and then I see it in their life. This this is this is that I I can see that this is the application of the concept that I I've been I've been reading about. I've been hearing about. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then they watch the impossible take place. And um you know talking to believers here, you know, and we we ought to model speaking just to I'm just speaking to myself this morning. We ought to model the right thing for others. Amen. We ought to always have people. You're always going to you're always going to be able to have an excuse to do the wrong thing or to live life a little close to the edge now. And you can take that in whatever direction you want to go, but there's always going to be an excuse for that. If if you want to live life close to the edge, you'll find a quote. You'll find a scripture. But as a genuine believer, you'll you should be doing the opposite. I want to make I want to find an excuse to live closer to the Lord. I want to find an excuse to live a holier life. I want to find an excuse to be more pleasing to the Lord, not to live my life on the edge. I don't we shouldn't have that kind of desire because it shows where your heart is, right? So, as genuine believers, our attitude and our approach should always be the opposite of that. We should always be trying to make an excuse to do the right thing. And I and I just thought of this uh simple analogy this morning, you know, in a road that we're that we're traveling on. Some people may lean a little bit too much right towards compromise in their life. They might lean, think about a road, you're leaning, maybe they're leaning a little too much towards compromise. And that's one side of the road. And maybe others lean a little bit too much towards legalism, right? Of course, the objective is always to be in the middle with balance. Just what the word says, just what the prophet says, just what he taught. But if you're ever going to lean one way for a time, never choose the way of compromise. Amen. If you lean that way, it shows where your heart is. And we should never start compromising anything in our life. Because if you start leaning the other way and you got the Lord in your life, he'll balance you out. Amen. &gt;&gt; Does that make sense? I'm not saying to be legal. I'm not saying to I'm saying balance. But if you're going to lean, don't lean this way. Amen. Lean this way and God will correct you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If you got Christ in your life, he'll balance you out. Amen. Um and of course, we we ought to we ought to be a light to the whole world. We should always live as as examples in our lives to other believers. You know, m maybe maybe young people look at your life. Maybe maybe your children. I read this I was reading this book and it said the primary place think of this statement. The primary place where I can make Christ I can how did he put that? The primary place where Christ is made flesh in my life is being a father to my children. &gt;&gt; The primary place that you can make the word live is to people that are closest to you because they see the life of Christ being lived out to to them by you. Right? Um, I know some of those things kind of seem strict. It's just or sister to stumble. Amen. Amen. Amen. Because 1 Corinthians 8:15 it says, "If wherefore if meat make my brother to offend, I will eat no flesh while the world standeth, lest I make my brother to offend." And in another verse or in another version of that, if food makes my brother stumble, I will never again eat meat less I make my brother stumble. You don't want to do things that are going to make someone stumble. Amen. And of course, there's always going to be, you know, you you have to you have to have the the right goggles on with that. You know, you there's always going to be somebody that probably is going to be offended at something. But if you know that something in your life could cause them to stumble, why would you want to do it? Stay away from that thing. They say, "Lord, if if if there if they're being uh if they're if there's something that I'm causing or doing or saying that is hindering a brother, Lord, help me to to find the right balance in it. Lord, help me to to do the right thing about it." Right? Amen. That's just the the um the attitude we should have. And the positive side of that is is what if because we took the negative or the negative over here, then no, the positive. The positive side of that is what if a young person is looking at you? Doesn't have to be a young person. Could be anybody. Maybe somebody that's not exactly spiritually grounded yet. Someone who's still young in their faith, but they're looking at you and they do see Christ in the flesh. They they do they do see uh a living, a breathing, a representative of the message. And it makes them want what you have. Amen. We're we're supposed to be the salt of the earth. Salt is is something that you want. It's it's savor, right? And we we we do what we do because it brings us joy. Amen. I I I do what I do because I I know it pleases the Lord and that's my objective in my life. And it and it's not something I have to do, but it's something that I want to do. And people can see the difference. I mean, you you can see the difference in someone's life if it's something that you have to do versus something that you actually want to do. You're doing it out of a genuine you you've got a spirit for this. Um, and the thing about bearing bearing fruit, simple something here, but uh when fruits come off the vine or off the tree and they're ripe, they're delicious. I remember my dad when when we were young, he he would get a mango and he would take that thing off and it would be ripe and man, he'd eat that thing. He, oh, this is delicious. Oh, man, it's so good because the the it it's ripe. It tastes good. If you've ever eaten some some kind of a fruit that like a an underripened banana, &gt;&gt; oh, that thing tastes terrible. Or you you try to you try to uh peel an orange, right, that's just hard. You can't even hardly peel it because it's so hard. And then you bite into that thing and it's sour. Nobody wants to eat that fruit. But if it's a fruit that's ripened, you want to eat that fruit. And now, spiritually thinking this morning, if it's a fruit, you're bearing fruits, right? You're bearing the fruits of these things. People are going to see that and they're going to want that. Wow. I want to I want to live it the way he's living it because he really Oh, man. That's awesome. Does that make sense this morning? &gt;&gt; They're they're delicious. Amen. Um and I made this point, but our model should always be Christ. I mean, don't model after somebody else, but I'm just saying everybody everybody looks, you know, whether you think it or not, people do look at our lives. They look at what you do. they look at how you act, you know, and when we should be bearing fruits and modeling holiness and modeling righteousness and and we're not, then maybe there's something there's something off somewhere, something wrong. Um, and as maturing believers in the word, our life should continually be growing into a mature place in the Lord. You know, and we we all have to look at ourselves in the mirror and and really reflect, are we are we still growing in our walk or or have we reached a place maybe that we're unwilling to fully yield a part of ourselves? um that scripture we opened with there there in first Corinthians, we are the temple of God, right? And the spirit of God dwelleth in you. And if you really think of the reality of that statement, brother Random had said that I already read this quote, but the house that God dwells in, not a building with a big bell on top and a steeple. See, but a body thou hast prepared me. He has chosen you as a vessel to live in. Right? But he cannot live. You can't he can't live in an unclean vessel. He can't live in an unwilling vessel. I'm not talking about mistakes. I have this in my notes. I'm not talking about mistakes. We're gonna make mistakes. Now, the the what I'm talking about is is the desire, you know, if you still have a desire for the things of the world or if you still have a desire to live life on the edge or if you still have a desire to do those things, then there's something wrong somewhere, right? There hasn't, you know, there's a maturing process, right? So things are things are are going to be cut off in your life and God is going to take you through stages. But you have to realize at every stage um at every stage like if my daughter who's almost four would still be at the same stage that my son is who is one then there would be a disconnect somewhere. Something would be something would be off. It could either be the training or it could just be there would be something a developmental something wrong but she should be progressing right and so when we find ourselves in junctures in our life if we find excuses to live life on the edge or if we find excuses to do a little bit of this maybe you know maybe you know we we want to go to a certain place little makeup we want to you know do a little bit of this whatever the case is our our desire desire should be the opposite of that. Lord, if there's anything in that, I want it and it's displeasing. I want to I want you to remove it from my life. I want you to change me because when you get to that stage, right, there's a stage, then you need to move past that stage. And if you're not growing right, if you're not growing, then there's something wrong. If there if you're not maturing, then there's something wrong. If you find yourself at a juncture and maybe the Lord has tried to get you to do something in your life, get rid of something in your life, change something in your life, and you're unwilling to do that, how would he be willing to live in that vessel? Amen. We have to get rid of those things. A and of course, you know, there's there's there's balance in that. Um, but uh sorry, I'm I'm I keep I'm going fast. I have wanted to I'm almost done here. Um, so there's there's the difference. There's there I wanted to contrast the kind of the difference there. A true son or a true daughter that has an experience with the Lord and and they obtain more than just a gift or more than just an experience, when they truly obtain the giver, their life will reflect that. And again, it may start to reflect that in stages, but you begin to see, okay, the Lord is really doing a work in their life. Amen. And and you know, and God doesn't always work overnight. I mean, maturing can definitely take some time, but but the difference is is if if something is is, you know, if months and then years go by and and there's still the same thing going on, then okay, where where's the where's the disconnect here? We we need to go back to God and we need to go back to Christ and and say, "Lord, I I need more of you to be able to cleanse and purge. Um and and you know, if if all that time takes place and then some spiritual growth isn't taking place, then then there's something missing. Um and I want to say this too, just in closing, uh you know, having the Lord operate your life and having having the the person of Jesus, I'm speaking to the choir here. All of you know this, but uh it's the best thing there is in the world." Amen. Isn't it? Isn't it's the best thing there is in the world. There's no experience like it. There's no amount of money. There's no satisfaction outside of that. And even further than that, again on the positive side of things, he wants all of
