################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2005-02-27 - 05-0227M A Holy Resource-Rich Nation Pt-1 By Br Ed Byskal, Pastor; Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2005-02-27
Title:    05-0227M A Holy Resource-Rich Nation Pt-1: By Br Ed Byskal, Pastor; Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 48m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CsmQFNwQySU
========================================

Description:
Video-converted message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
circumstances you can't get through right now. It seems like there's no way out and you're going under. But God's proven time and time again, he'll take care of you. And he'll do it again. He'll do it again. He'll do it again. He'll do it again. If you just take a look at where you were now, where you are now, &gt;&gt; where you came, what hasn't he always come through for you? &gt;&gt; He's the same now as then. &gt;&gt; Don't you know God cannot? &gt;&gt; You may not know how. You may not know when, but he'll do it again. God knows the pain that you're going through and he knows how you're hurting. [Music] You see, he knows just how your heart has been broken into. But he's the God of the stars and of the sun and of the sea. And he is your father. He can come storm and find a way to fix it for you. And he'll do it again. &gt;&gt; He'll do it again. &gt;&gt; He'll do it again. He'll do it again. Just take a look. Where you are now, you are now where you [Music] always come through for you. He's the same now. &gt;&gt; Don't you know God cannot? &gt;&gt; You may not know how. You may not know when to do it again. Oh, he's still God. &gt;&gt; Yes, he's still God. &gt;&gt; He will not fail you. Oh, he's still God. He will not change. Oh, I know that he's [Music] fighting for you. Woo! Just like Moes. Just like Moses. Just like Daniel. Just like Daniel. Just like Shadow. Like, &gt;&gt; he'll do it again. He'll do it again. He'll do it again. He'll do it again. If you just take away where you are now, you are where you can always come through. &gt;&gt; He's the same now. &gt;&gt; Don't you know God cannot. &gt;&gt; You may not know how. &gt;&gt; You may not know how. &gt;&gt; And you may not know where. You may not know where. You may not know how. You may not know where. But I'm glad he'll do it again. Do it again. Do it again. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Are you expecting this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This is uh we're turning to the word now as brother Ebiscll's coming. Let's just be praying. If you got a desire this morning, &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Bible says if you hunger and thirst after righteousness, you shall be filled. Amen. &gt;&gt; And I was sitting at a restaurant the other day and uh that's the waiter came up and said, "What's your what do you desire?" You know, and you know, if you're not hungry, not much. Right? But if you've come hungering and thirsting, say, "I'm really hungry. There's something on this menu that I want." Amen. And that's what we should be. You should be hungering and thirsting, desiring this morning to hear from God. Let's sing it. This is my desire to honor you, Lord, with all my heart. I worship you. [Music] This is my desire [Music] to honor you, Lord. With all my heart I worship you. [Music] All I have within me, Lord, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you, Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone every day. As long as I have your way with me, Lord, this is my desire. I want to with all my heart I worship you. Lord, all I have for I give you praise for all that I know is [Music] Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. Oh, I for you alone every day and I for your way. Lord, I give you my heart my soul. I live for you know every breath that I take. Every moment I have me. [Music] &gt;&gt; You sang that like you meant it. &gt;&gt; I believe it was from your heart. And anything that comes from our heart, God's going to honor that. Hallelujah. wonderful day that the Lord's given us. Sunshine outside. And for all of those that are uh streaming, we want them to know it's not raining here. We're enjoying the sunshine outside and we're enjoying the sunshine inside. &gt;&gt; God bless you each one. Isn't it wonderful to serve a living Christ, &gt;&gt; living gospel? Amen. Our I heard our brother Randy Snow was here. Where's Brother Randy do? Oh, brother Randy, you sent me an email to uh in thanking the people. Why don't you come down and you're here in the flesh? Wouldn't it be better that he would do it than me? I think so. Brother Randy, sister Lori along with uh their family and and friends and believers there in Phoenix have been praying earnestly for their daughter Amanda and we've been uh staying very very close of course with them while she's gone through this time. Cancer struck her body and uh uh there just been some developments this week. So, I thought that brother Randy, it would be good for him to come. He just wanted to thank the Just Come on, Brother Randy, and you say what's on your heart. I know you won't forgive me for this for a day or two, but I'll we'll get even. I don't scrap with this fellow. &gt;&gt; You caught me off guard. Get up close. I just sent an email to brother Ed. Uh, you know, my daughter went through, uh, you know, cancer stuff. Anyway, long story short, um God he God healed her, you know, even though she had to get the operation and stuff, but Thursday they took her poured out, which is some kind of thing, but they they they needle her and give her blood, give her test and everything. And so anyway, it's done. So they say she they they won't tell her she's 100% They say she's in remission and they got to check her every year and so on, but we're saying that she's done and it's history. So, I want to thank everybody for praying &gt;&gt; and take our love and greetings uh back also to Sister Lori and to Amanda. We're so happy, delighted. Uh at the last meeting in in Bell Horizante, uh they brought a man up. I just finished preaching. Just just finished sat down. They only have two chairs on the platform. And just sat down. And the pastor came forward and he was I guess uh I should say inspired very inspired and many times during the preaching of the word he'll come up and join me at the pullpit let the people know he's in support of that what's being said. Didn't want any mistake. Sometime he came around kind of to the front and almost like he's preaching at me. So I just kept on going. I thought if he's happy and the people are happy then God must be happy and we're all happy. And uh so apparently he said under the inspiration he spoke under the inspiration that a man would walk in three days. And they there was a man there uh and they began to bring him down a very crowded aisle. There was a lot of people there and I just looked around the side of the pulpit. They said they were bringing this man forward for prayer and uh there were several men probably four men uh helping him. He could not walk. In fact is I don't think his legs were even really touching the floor. And there were many other men probably six or eight around him and ministers came and prayed for him. We just received this email. Brother Tony forwarded it to me and it's from a brother in the church. I believe he plays in the orchestra. He said, "You asked me about that testimony of that crippled man for who the pastors prayed on Sunday in the morning. He wasn't a Christian. Just his mother is a true Christian and belongs to our church. Her name is Selena, an old woman. He is a deacon's neighbor. And last Wednesday, they phone to tell me that he was walking to every place and he will be baptized Sunday. That's today. Amen. He said, "Tomorrow I will send you an email with the complete history." Now, we try to be uh as careful as possible, but it's important that we share some of these things with you that uh need to be prayed and held up in prayer because right even today while we sit here, there's uh real crises and critical things are happening in China. You must understand and I hope that you fully realize or as fully as possible that little building that sits out in our parking lot is actually a nerve center for the work in China. You can't possibly grasp what is happening. Uh translations are going back and forth from there to China. They are translating in China. They're being proof read in that building. The proof read copies are going back and forth until they're until they're ready for print. They're made onto discs and made ready for books. They're put up on the internet so that people anywhere in China can bring them down, can read them, can can uh print them out on little pieces of paper. And they've said it's better if it's on pieces of paper like this rather than in a in a in a book because if it's in a book then it's considered a formal book, a formal teaching and that could be considered much more uh on the illegal side or or uh you know something that would be uh uh as opposed to the or be restricted. But this is not so restricted because if it's like this, it's considered more for your personal use, not for public distribution. So they can print it. And all of this is happening, but it's causing such a stir. And then in those brethren that go uh uh go over there and minister and go up into the different areas, they have then they have the backup, the support because they can tell them, you know, this isn't only what I'm preaching, but now you can go on the internet and you can you can pull this down and you can hear these messages and brother Murphy has getting close to a hundred that are voice over. Uh, brother Bram's message is voice over so they can hear and there's about 160 or more messages that have been translated. Now, you'll understand more when the service is over, Lord willing, what is what this all means, but this is a a nerve center that is that is right here on our parking lot. And I thank God that we can all have some part of what's taking place. Aren't you happy? Aren't you glad before God? We we we only have one life. And it's just what we do for God. That's what really counts. And in this letter, uh, Brother Murphy, you won't have to worry. I'm not going to expose any names, but um because brother Murphy right now is translating everything I'm saying into Chinese and so every service is translated. He's sitting in my study translating it at this moment. But there is a province uh where it is called the cradle of uh Chinese communism and it's a very strict and backward communist center. Then God sent a revival because a brother had traveled through there and had ministered for several months. And they sent a uh God sent a revival in those places and there were about 200 to 250 people baptized. A minister who was a member of a local three self church. The three self church in China is the only uh government recognized church and it doesn't have any real specific strict doctrine. It's just kind of a homogenized thing. So it doesn't offend anyone and doesn't offend the government of course and and and anyone anyone who believes anything in God or Christianity uh usually goes to that church. But a minister who was a member of the local three self church headquarters uh came to this message and all his whole church too. He is a very influential person in the area and many churches invited him to minister to their group both self and the home church. They have little groups in homes. after he was converted. It caused a tremendous stir in that area. Even the chairman of the three self church has interested in this message because many people were healed. Uh there as they they as they preach this message people who were paralyzed and death and cancer all healed by God miraculously. All the sisters threw away their pants and wear dress. Actually, we donated all addresses for them. And lots of things happened over the past few months. Even some elders in the three self church request that all the churches in this town need to baptize the people in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ from this year. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now the three self church headquarters in this town calls some ministers from another city which is considered the Jerusalem in China for most of the people there are Christian to hold a Bible study for all the ministers in this town maybe in brackets a dispute about the strange doctrines they've heard. There were there are going to be a big convention for all the ministers in this brother's town on next Monday the 28th and I believe that's today tomorrow. More than 200 ministers in this area from almost 100 churches both three self and registered home church will attend this convention and this brother might have a chance to share what he believes this time. So we ask if we can pray for him earnestly. So that the Lord will give him a bold heart to share this message even if there is a resistance as we know it is very dangerous for this brethren now for they knew they know what he believes. It might cause him to be persecuted. And then we have also from another city the three self church called all the people who were baptized last time and threatened them and uh they have reported them to the police that's in another city where there has been a stir. So to say the least, friends, we sit here on a Sunday morning, beautiful day outside, but there's a great spiritual warfare going on. And I cannot impress upon you sufficiently while you sit here this morning and hearing uh and in participating in the worship and and however you came prepared for the service. But there's a great spiritual warfare and we're part of it. Amen. &gt;&gt; This is one body. It isn't them there and us here. It isn't brother Tony and those in Brazil and us here. It is one body. You believe that with all your heart and we are a part. And as I prayed before I came to the pulpit, I so can see these these people in China and how they will pull their little plastic chairs out of the closet and people well educated and and uh just the common people as well and they'll bring the little chairs out and sit and they'll sit so eager and they'll sit so long and they'll sit so attentively and listening and drinking in just every hanging on to every word. It's so marvelous. And and and there's a pressure every time there's a knock on the door and someone else is coming in. You don't know. We've been there. We've done that. My wife has gone through that. Sister Rebecca's gone through that. Others many times. You hear that knock and your heart just takes a flip because you just don't know who's coming through the door. And uh and and they're there. They're there. That's how they're meeting right now. We don't have that pressure. Sometimes I think it might be a do us a whole lot of good if we did have some pressure and it would make us appreciate one another and appreciate that our freedom and appreciate what it is that we have and the liberty that we have and the access that we have, the resources that we have. we would appreciate them a whole lot more. And and so we don't have to wait for a persecution. I believe that we can condition ourselves and say, "Oh God, I am thankful. I am grateful. I do appreciate and I do respect it what you're doing amongst us." And it's so wonderful. God bless you all. I don't want to get preaching before I should be preaching. been in touch with brother with Rabbi Richmond and he Lord willing will be with us in May May 15th uh to the 17th those days he expects to be here the Lord willing his daughter now has been engaged to an officer in the IDF and they have just he just informed me this morning that uh the people that they are displacing that the Israeli government old soldiers who fought for the land are not merely giving the land away. They're displacing 8,500 Jewish people who are third generation and they spilled their blood and lost their sons and their daughters to have the land and to build in the area which this Bible says is theirs. &gt;&gt; And now they're not merely being taken away by force. Jewish people, dragging Jewish people off of their inheritance and giving it back to their enemies and destroying the very buildings they built with their hands and sweat, blood, and tears. It is a it is something that is so incomprehensible that we can't hardly grasp it. And we look into the word just to see, you know, I say, God, what is happening? What is taking place? And Rabbi Richmond told me this morning that this another twist has come that a rich wealthy Arab has come forward and said, "Why destroy the buildings? Why destroy them? We will buy them from you." And so now they're seeking to actually purchase them and take legal ownership through buying. And I guess the Israeli government is considering it. I don't know. But I can tell you one thing. Our prophet said everything is ticking absolutely on time. And when we see these things happening, you can you can just be absolutely assured your homegoing, my homegoing is a lot closer than we thought before. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's stand to our feet. Would you like to turn please in your Bible to First Peter the 2 chapter and we're going to read from verse one. Do you enjoy hearing a little bit of the news from other places? I'm sure you do. First Peter chapter 2. And before we read, let's just bow reverently in prayer. Oh gracious, loving and kind, merciful, long-suffering heavenly father, we're so unworthy, Lord. We don't even feel worthy to be called your children. But yet in your bosom and the great fountain of your love, oh God, you have reached out to us. You have reached out to your children. You have declared, "I will redeem them." And Lord, we see the very attributes of God were expressed in Jesus Christ. And as our sister Margaret sang and how I love that song, He'll do it again. You You have done it again. Thank you for the triple man you healed. Oh God, in Bella horizonty beyond physical work and what is taking place just now. We're praying for our brother Tony Lord at uh I believe is ministering right at this moment, an evening service. Oh God, pray that the Holy Spirit will drop like a glory cloud upon that congregation, upon the pastor, the deacons, and the musicians, upon the whole service. And pray you'll anoint our brother Tony. Strengthen him, Father. Pray you'll be with our brother Ernie wherever he is tonight. Lord, I ask, oh God, especially for the service now that we have responsibility for. I stand at the post of duty. Lord, we do not stand in human strength, but in the power of the Holy Spirit. And I pray you'll manifest that power to every believing heart and that you'll cast out every doubting demon in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, I pray that every restriction and hindrance that might hinder the people, Lord, will be dispensed with, will be cast away, will make every spirit impotent, oh God, and cause them to be cast out. Lord, we pray you'll bless every person that now listens whatever part of the earth they are in or whatever time zone they're in. I ask that you'll meet the needs of the people. Bless us together, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ. And may the words that you have selected be the words that will be spoken. We give you praise in Jesus name. Amen. Read from verse one. Wherefore laying aside all malice and all guile and hypocrisies and envys and all evil speakings, as newborn babes, desire the sincere milk of the word, that ye may grow thereby. If so be ye have tasted that the Lord is gracious, to whom coming as unto a living stone, disallowed indeed of men, but chosen of God and precious. Ye also as living stones are built up a spiritual house, a holy priesthood to offer up spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God by Jesus Christ. Wherefore also it is contained in the scripture, behold, I lay in Zion a chief cornerstone, elect precious, and he that believeth on him shall not be confounded. Unto you therefore, which believe, he is precious. But unto them which are disobedient, the stone which the builders disallowed, the same is made the head of the corner, and a stone of stumbling, and a rock of offense, even to them which stumble at the word, being disobedient, where unto also they were appointed. But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people, that you should show forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvelous light. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. You have your seats. Now, if I don't get done this morning, Brother Tom said, I could just continue this afternoon this at 5:00, which I may do because I I have I had these other things I needed to take and it takes about 15 minutes out of the service. So, I want you to be sure and kind of get into the burden that's on my heart. I had an unusual time in Brazil in some way. It was a very very busy, very busy time. It was as though our uh we had to have our running shoes on. We spent just so many hours in meetings and in study and uh ministers meetings and then the main services. But perhaps you're not as familiar with Brazil as I am now. And I certainly wasn't this familiar uh just a few days ago. But I thought I would do a little bit of study and because my message uh is a is a is a part of what I now have to say. Brazil is the fifth largest country in the world both in land mass and in population. It has a size of 3,287,195 square miles. It's uh 8 8 12 million plus square kilometers. It's larger than the continental United States and it's the fifth largest nation in the world behind USA. The population of Brazil has a population of over 180 million and 55% are white, 38% are milatto, 6% are negro and 1% are other, Japanese, Arab, etc. The religion is 89% Catholic. The largest population in the world. The largest Catholic population in the world in a given country. Seventh day Adventist. It has the largest population in the world of Seventh Day Adventists. Jehovah's Witnesses. It has the second largest population in the world only behind the United States. and other religions including spiritist, Islam, Buddhist, Mormons, Assembly of God and others. The age distribution and this just give you a little quick overview of the country. The age distribution, the population below 20 years old is 46.7%. It's a very young nation. The church in Bellow Horizonte is a very very youthful church. Not many old people. Some places we go, it's full of old people. I felt so much at home at Bella Horizonti because there was so many young people and young families and young men and young women. It was just marvelous. And uh I thank God that we have been able to have the same. The literacy 83% of the total population of 15 years of age and over can both read and write. 83%. This is not a backward. As a country, it is rich in minerals. It has an educated population and all that is essential, I would say, for prosperity. And yet uh in one way they remain povertystricken. Uh it's a nation that has no I won't say no structure but has need of structure to channel its resources down to the people. And of course this is not uncommon. in fact is Brazil is a very upand cominging uh modern country but we have other countries where the situation is very very grave and we have a lot of uh a good number of our people here in this church from Congo. Now there are there are countries that the cost of their resources their resources not the cost of their resources but the wealth of their resources is being utilized for human suffering in that it is you used to pay for war. It's used and war has brought untold suffering to the people. uh in Congo for example and I had intended on reading this a little later on but it's uh appropriate at this moment the profits of this very wealthy country speaking of Congo now just for a moment are not invested back into the communities from where they came but rather are effectively looted by individuals and the majority of them are non congalles The UNICEF who concerns themselves with children estimates that there are currently between three and 3 and 12 million children aged between 6 and 11 who are not receiving any formal education. Now I just you'll be thinking of this on a spiritual level in a few moments. Further, it is widely reported that the substantial tax revenue on minerals is actually financing war. When we think about war, soon as we say war, you can just say suffering and children and orphans and lack of food and all of these things which are taking place. It's it is financing war rather than the development of services for people. that behind the figures lies a human tragedy. Now this is not just statistics but these statistics represent people like you. You that are parents sitting here today, you should look at your child or recall in your mind your children. And I can assure you, your babies and your children and your wife and your husband doesn't mean one bit more to you than it does to somebody over there. your friends and those that you're sitting with today doesn't mean one bit more. It can't. And as a prophet would say so often, they love their children. They love their children. They They have their families. They have their ties. and the tragedy in human tragedy. The war is likely to have cost over 2 million lives in just the last 3 years. Now, I want you to think about this, friends. You that live here in the lower mainland and this Pacific Northwest, this would be like someone giving a sentence and saying, "Empty out this entire lower mainland." and slay every person in the next 36 months. &gt;&gt; That is what has happened. And finance it by the timber and by the fishing and by the resources and the people don't get it. We don't get any benefits. Forget your hospitals and forget your schools and forget everything else. This is going to finance some uh warlords and rebel people who who have greed in their heart and a few will get perhaps rich off of it and they will protect themselves with armies and pay for guns and bullets and all of these things and you won't have any of that and all these people are going to die as a result of it in the next 36 months. That is the Congo, &gt;&gt; right? And these brothers and sisters that are sitting here know what I'm talking about and they know it is the truth. And our nations, America and Canada and other nations as well have accepted and received many of the people on a refugee basis on other bases. And that is a a human tragedy because of greed, because of sin, because of of of wickedness that's in Satan's Eden at this time. But at the spiritual level, hear me, that power of Satan is no less relentless upon the body of Christ. And I can tell you there's one message he hates, and it's this one. &gt;&gt; And there are certain people that he hates, and it's the bride of Jesus Christ. He can't stand the very thought that there is a virtuous woman that he can't get to. And he's doing everything he can to get at her and to sew his seeds of of dissension and darkness and doubt and suspicion and everything that he can to every crack and crevice and cranny and every mind and every thought. He's there to He's there to uh show his own ideas and his own reasoning right amongst the bride of Jesus Christ. And we have the power &gt;&gt; to resist him &gt;&gt; and to see that he does not do his destructive work &gt;&gt; amongst the believers. &gt;&gt; Do you believe it? In Congo, there's 2,000 doctors for a population of 50 million. You have trouble getting to a doctor here. You wouldn't get to one. 2,000 doctors for 50 million people. While I was in Brazil, I see the country. I see the people. I see that it's churches better than ours, larger. I see deacons, pastors, ministers, qualified, dressed nice, educated. They said the brother got up and he's he's probably got he's got a group of churches actually he's in charge of he's a pastor but he's also as far as we know the best translator in the country has three sons they speak English they work as a team his wife does corrections and so on and they work as a complete team and he's devoted himself for some years to you know to translate the message again. But he's a pastor. He's got a number of churches he's responsible for. His time is somewhat limited. I had a pastor come to me two years ago when we were in Chapelco and he he consulted with me and I didn't recall exactly the content of the conversation, but he reminded me this time, but he had a burden to do something for the message and I encouraged him to go forward. And so he started, he doesn't speak any English, but he had a brother that does apparently. And so they have started doing some translation work. And the first brother uh he does 5,000 of any copy that he does. And this brother in just the last 3 years started doing 2500. And uh so this the the first brother who is the most senior uh translator and pastor, he stood up. He's not the most senior pastor, but he's the most senior translator. He stood up at the minister's meeting and and I his son was interpreting for me and he was saying that, you know, brother Bisco, brother Adma have arrived. He said, "We really don't know what to do. Uh we uh we have called them and what they say is what we're going to do. They've got the agenda. They're going to take all these ministers meeting." I was sitting at I was sitting expecting to speak two sessions perhaps one today and one tomorrow and this m minister's meeting is is starting at 8:00 is going to run till 12 or 12 or 1:00 is 4 4 and 1/2 hours long and then they're going to break in the afternoon and go into an evening session starting the next morning at 8:00 and run again till noon and then the next day we're having an evening service and the Saturday morning another minister's meeting and Saturday night public service and Sunday morning of public service. And after that, we met with some some other pastors on other issues. And he said, "Now, these brethren, they're going to take the they're in full charge of this meeting." I thought, I I thank God for Tony. He had had already God must have inspired him and he set an agenda and it was it was just the hand of God that that kind of gave us some direction. But I had some things on my heart and God began to move in a wonderful way. But I came forward and I just said to the pastors, I said, "How many message books have you received in the last year?" And everybody's hand went up. Four. Four. And after that meeting, they actually came to Brother Tony. I'd gone back to the hotel. They said, they told Brother Tony, it wasn't four in the last year. Really, it's four in the last two years. I I'm trying to assimilate this a country of a country of of of substance of resources. uh a people, a resourceful people, sound system as good as ours, marvelous musicians, singers, deacons, ministers, buildings. Another pastor came up and handed me a card, said, "I'd like you to come to my church dedication in August." I'm waiting another art way far to the north and he gave me a postcard with a picture of artist rendering of his church. architecturally nicer than anything I've ever laid eyes on. Beautiful big building. And uh I I I just started getting moved. I said, "How how does this happen? How many messages have you got?" Well, it's been about 300, but about 200 of them are bad. Oh, so they're they're not good because they're not complete. And the one who was in charge, very very senior man who was in charge, when he ran into something in the message he didn't agree with, he just left those portions out and continued on with what he was in agreement with. So I I'm beginning to see, you know, major major difficulties. And so that I said, well, why do you have anything to do with it? Oh, well, he's first generation. Excuse me. Well, he's first generation. What does that mean? Well, first generation and in their culture now we have a clash with culture in their culture in that country and I see brother Harter you must know something about this uh uh in that culture those that are first generation which are considered senior kind of first people to perhaps uh work uh in the area and minister the message even if they would go way into false doctrine or fall into sin, which apparently this man did. But he holds still over 200 ministers under his sway and they have such allegiance to him as like brother Brandham said a minister God prospers him and and the church grows and and then uh uh you know the people he becomes endeared to the people and so on so forth and he gets lifted up in himself and then he begins to feel brother says that he can get away with anything right? &gt;&gt; Begins to feel that way. And now we have problem number two is a you have a first generation have a clash of culture. I said to the people if a man is not giving you the full word and the true word, forget it. Move on in another direction. That's what I said two years ago. And so now I hope I'm going to be able to make myself clear. I I then then it was just like a realization of of the uh rich resourceful nation but I encountered something I never encountered before. And then God really spoke to me because it's a it's a real it's a danger even here. &gt;&gt; It's a danger anywhere. And that is that we become content &gt;&gt; with what we have. Amen. &gt;&gt; And they don't have even half, not even half or maybe not maybe not even a third of the message available to them. But they've the church is functioning. They come to church all the time. The meeting is there. The pastor will be there preaching. He'll preach a good service. Musicians are there. Everything is there. And what else do we need? Cuz this is going to go on next Sunday, next Wednesday. The meeting's going to be there. You know, we're going to be there. and God's going to do things and we're going to have, you know, the meeting's going to be uh enthusiastic and it's going to be exciting and we're going to worship and we're going to everything's going to happen and and uh there is no inner hunger or need. They don't see a need for more. &gt;&gt; And if we don't see a need for more, why exhaust yourself? And why sacrifice? and why go through all this exercise to get something that you know you don't feel a need of. And that is a tragedy. &gt;&gt; And there I begin to see I begin to see on the natural side nations rich in resources, but it's not getting to the people. God put the wealth there, but it's not getting to the people. And I just got so burdened in my own heart. Oh God, don't let us ever fall into that snare. Don't ever let us become at ease in Zion. Let us lay hold of everything that you've given us and all the wealth and all the riches that you have given us within the word of God and the unveiling of Christ at this time. Don't let us ever uh sit back as it were and be satisfied and we're just kind of content. I got my job and got my family. We got, you know, we got this and we got our our objective, our school. We got our agenda and we got our education. We got, you know, what what uh what we kind of uh uh consider is a a reasonably decent life and and we just are are are settled settled back with that. That must never be our case. Amen. &gt;&gt; And so from that, I'm actually just working up to a message. I want to speak to you on a holy, resourcerich nation. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And that is no nation on earth except the one that Peter spoke about. This is a holy nation. &gt;&gt; The believers are a holy nation &gt;&gt; and they are a resourcerich nation. But we don't want the resources to be undeveloped &gt;&gt; and we don't want them to be wasted &gt;&gt; and we don't want them to be used for uh personal gain. &gt;&gt; But I I'm not talking about financial gain. I'm talking about I'm right, you're wrong. I'm of God, you're the devil, I'm this, you're serv, you know, I'm something righteous. though that kind of thing it only deteriorates cause it diminishes the power and the effectiveness of the body of Christ. The day before I arrived in Brazil, a a woman, 74 year old woman was shot four times. She actually was a Catholic nun. But she had given her life to the people in the deep Amazon. And she was resisting the illegal loggers who are who are raping the country, just raping it and taking from the local people a little plot of ground so they can grow a few vegetables and so on so forth. and and and uh uh she has withstood these people for I think 40 years and she'd been threatened dozens and dozens of times. Well, the threat became a reality on the 12th. I left on the 14th and on the 12th she was shot and the government said that they're going to really take some strong measures against this. But it it it it's people of power because they don't want the resources of the land to come down to the people. Here's people just trying to ek out a little bit of a living. And they've said that criminals continue to rule in the Amazon and silencing those that protect its people and its forests. We have God laid the wealth and riches within the earth. But if you for a moment can just see that, let us not be temporal people controlled by just what we see and what we hear. But off here in another world that you can't see, but your real body is just a breath away from you. &gt;&gt; This one's not going to last very long. &gt;&gt; This one is fading away. &gt;&gt; This one is subject to pain and sickness and whatever more and and short of the rapture, you're going to go by the way of the grave. But there's another world where the scripture says there is no pain and there is no suffering and there is no injustices and it's another world. It's a reality. It's a real world like this one only it's going to the prophet said God is going to annihilate &gt;&gt; and I think it's so beautiful. I tell you what uh not that I'm telling you what but I'm just telling you what stands out to my mind. No, brother Brandham can say things in a very very simplistic way, but if you stand and look at it for a while and let your mind and spirit and soul absorb what he says. He talks in about the future home and he said he talked about the atmospheres. He said uh it's only the atmospheres around it. Talked about this world being consumed and uh great fire will purge it. He said it's not going to God's not going to annihilate this, but he's going to purge it. He's going to make it fit for another people who also have been purged now in preparation of going there. &gt;&gt; And he said, "It's only the atmospheres around it and the sin that's upon it, this earth, the atmosphere that's around it and the sin that's upon it." Listen to me, my friends. of this my last breath. God is going to destroy sin and eliminate it. &gt;&gt; God's going to cast Satan and his angels and all wickedness and all wicked lovers into hell. &gt;&gt; That is the truth of God's word. People would like to have God some kind of sugar daddy that there is no judgment. God, the scripture says he loves righteousness and hates sin. both. He can't be one without being the other. &gt;&gt; And he said, and now we realize the heavens, he said, means the atmospheres above for the Bible says the heaven and the earth will be on fire. And then he says, "And these these thistles and sickness," now just stop there. thistles, that's the earth. Sickness, that's our body, and death. So, he's covered both the the the earth and what it brings forth. And our bodies and death and politics and sinful men and sinful women and evil spirits will all be gone. I say, "Oh, God, let that hour be now. If that took place in the next five minutes, I'd be the happiest man alive. &gt;&gt; And they will be annihilated. It has to be done that way because we are going to live right here. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh my, what a reality. So now I say, how is it that a nation and I speak now of this holy nation? We are very very rich in resources and as some nations in the world are wealthier than others and there are povertystricken areas. There are places and it just so happens that you and I live in a very very blessed land. Not only materially and I'm not speaking materially so much as I am speaking of what God has poured out spiritually and the message of the hour and how available it is to us. We are so blessed. We have established churches, pastors and evangelists, other ministers and the message happens to be in our language. And though we have and hope you'll bear with me now. And though we have our church as a congregation, we come here and attend the service. We have our musicians and singers, our song leaders, our deacons at their posts, our trustees, our ministers. Satan is not against that. He's not really opposed to that. He doesn't really care about that. But what he is really opposed to is the word of God itself. And the scripture says, "Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible by the word of God that liveth and abideth forever." It's the word that he's opposed to. He's not opposed to the fact we're in church today. He's not really opposed to that. Even some may not have come to church. That's fine. That's, you know, that's up to that's them. That's up to them. But Satan's not so opposed to that. He wouldn't. Now, the reason he is opposed to it on on on account, I believe, as far as we're concerned, is because he's afraid somebody's going to hear the word of God. But it's the word that's supreme. &gt;&gt; Amen. Right. &gt;&gt; I'd like you just to notice for a moment the swer in the seed in Matthew. You won't have to turn to it. He says, "And when one heareth the word of the kingdom and understandeth it not, then cometh the wicked one and casteth away that which was sown in his heart." That's number one. And yet he said yet hath he not root in himself and this is another one but dareth for a little while and when tribulation or persecution ariseth because of the word by and by he is offended. So one the birds came and took it. The next was in rocky places and the next was amongst thorns and so on. And he became offended and and the and the word offended which I may come to a little f further on is to have a stumbling block or to put a stumbling block or an impediment in someone else's way and or to cause a person to begin to distrust and desert one whom he ought to trust and obey. That can be so subtle. say, "Well, you know what I heard or you know what I think or you know," and they just cast a little shadow, maybe against a minister, against a brother, against a family or whatever more. And the next time those people meet, that thing is back &gt;&gt; in the back of their mind. And it may not be so at all. It may not be an ounce of truth to it. It might only be someone's idea, but they've cast a shadow and it becomes a stumbling block in that person's mind and impedes and hinders the kind of fellowship and the unity that God requires. And what what are you really doing? I'm going to show a little later on that unity is one of our great resources. And it begins to it begins to detract and take away the unity of the body of Christ which is an absolute essential element amongst the bride of Jesus Christ in order so we can be effective. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; The unity that I'm speaking about, and I'm getting a little ahead of myself now, but the unity I'm speaking about is not the fact that we come together and and are are seated together in one building. That's not the unity I'm talking about. The unity is not the fact we shake hands with one another after service and smile and give a good warm shake and are even able to say, "God blessed you." That's not the unity that I'm speak. That's wonderful and I'm glad we have it, but that's not the unity that I'm speaking about. And so, it's not the fact that we fellowship together, we shake hands, we know one another, may pick up the phone and speak with one another, and and we have a free and easy uh uh uh conversation with one another. That's not the unity I'm speaking of. I'm talking about the unity of the body of Christ, which is one spirit. You feel something. You sense something that moves from spirit from one heart to another heart. And you know that you're one. It's something that you can't describe. It's something you can't fully express. But when you look into that brother's eyes and sister's eyes, you know that there's something that goes deeper than just merely the handshake or merely the verbal uh exchange of words. God bless you. I'll pray for you. Those kind of things. But there's something that is within and you know you have a revelation. You've been birthed into one family. Indeed, you're one bread. Indeed, you are the body of Jesus Christ. And it's a marvelous body. &gt;&gt; It's a wonderful body. And Satan hates that body. &gt;&gt; Despises all she is and all she stands for. But God loves her. &gt;&gt; She's the husband, the wife of Jesus Christ, our husband. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So I'd like you to notice he that received it amongst the seed amongst thorns is he that heareth the word and the cares of this world and the deceitfulness of riches choke out the word and he becometh unfruitful. I'd like you to notice please the fowls of the air, the tribulation or persecution, being offended, the cares of this world, and the deceitfulness of riches. These five all all come from the same source. Satan is the he's the uh uh he he he's the initiator of all of them. And all of them are uh uh attacking one thing and that's the seed. &gt;&gt; They simply use different means, different methods to make it ineffective to re to reduce it down and make it ineffective. And so whether he choke it out or whether he steals it or takes it by the birds of foul air, all of them are are uh they're opposed to one thing. They're not opposed to our singing and our worship and our whatever more. They're not opposed to me preaching, but they are very very much opposed to the fact that I would or any other minister would lay before God and say, "Oh God, open up this word that you sent. Don't leave my mind. Don't leave my mind darkened and don't leave it confused and don't leave me hindered. Don't leave me restricted." And the church needs to say, "Oh God, don't let the man of God who's going to stand in the place behind the pullpit, don't let him be hindered. Don't let him be restricted. Don't let anything in me, don't let any thought that I have, don't let any relationship that I have within the body of Christ. Don't let it hinder in any way &gt;&gt; this bride, this body, the body. It's not what I feel or what I think." &gt;&gt; Yes. It's what is benefit the greatest benefit to the body of Christ. &gt;&gt; So we met these brethren. One brother translates in one area. One brother translates in another area. Those two brothers had one heard that the other one had said certain things about him and vice versa. And they don't communicate. Period. They just don't communicate. They don't exchange their translations to one another. They're both pastors. They've got churches. They're preaching probably right now. But the people because one wants to say, "Well, I was offended. I heard that you said such and such and we just we just stay you stay in your corner I'll stay in mine. The resource is they got command of the language. &gt;&gt; The resource is they can translate. The resource is they're not poor. They each have that and others. But the rest of the country says bread, &gt;&gt; bread. &gt;&gt; We just want bread. &gt;&gt; And when we left, they said here's pastors been ministering for 30 years. Don't leave us. Don't leave us alone. Whatever you tell us to do, that's what we're going to do. We see we've heard we've heard what's happening in India. We've heard what's happening in these other places. And we showed them the Congo video and and the minister sat there just a small screen there behind the pullpit maybe 50 60 70 ministers. And when the Congo video was done and the people worshiping in that stadium, I tell you what, those ministers were on their feet, hands in the air. There's as much roaring going on right there in that building as there was on the video itself. And the video shut down. They just carried right on. They were swept away and they were caught. They saw I said now what you're going to see here you're going to see what people did in the Congo. This is Congolese people made in Congo not made in America is made in Congo for the Congolese done by the Congalles. This is and and now it's going to over 50 nations around the country from one of the poorest nations on earth because they have not counted on a natural resource but they've counted on their spiritual resource. I said, "Oh God, Gloverdale Bible way. Oh God, we need we need a stirring within our heart so that we we lay hold of the resources that we have within us. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And we do have them. &gt;&gt; It's a rich nation. This holy nation &gt;&gt; rich." &gt;&gt; And Satan is this. He's uh despises this word. We may think about the labor and the work that's involved. I thought about when people said, "Well, my, you know, you've you've traveled and so on and and it's hard." Yes, it is. I I thought of and I'm on a jet. I think of brother Brandham on a turb just a prop plane flying through the just incredible weather of Africa and the thunderstorms and the the the sheer winds and everything else that takes place and wind wings flapping in that old plane flying for hours and hours and hours to get to a place and have the length of meetings that he had and the expenditure of his strength and his energy and his life poured out and have him say, "And if I had 10,000 lives, I'd like to give every bit of it for this word." &gt;&gt; For it's the word of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; We want to be able to stir people in the right way. Brother Vanderly I guess told someone else. So I I don't have don't have the language but he told someone after the meetings were all over and someone came and just said brother Biscll several of the pastors the pastors are coming to brother Vanderlay and saying that you you have you know you've embarrassed them and made them feel. I said well what was that? Oh, he said they were telling brother Vanderly, we we preach so hard and we preach so deep. We preach, you know, so such the depths of the word of God and we feel that we work so hard and we saw brother Biscll at 70 years old up there acting like he was 17. He said, "We felt embarrassed. We felt ashamed of ourselves." Well, I just thank God if that's the way they saw it. Maybe they were seeing a vision. I thank God that that stirred them in the right direction. &gt;&gt; As long as I'm able to preach, I hope I'm able to preach as a as a as a young man. God grant that. And then when I see this, if I had 10,000 lives, I'd like to just live it for him. Like you just pour it out for this word. And so let's not look at the 10,000 lives say, "God, at least you give me one. And this one shall be used for your glory. This one shall be used for your kingdom. I'm here to make a mark. &gt;&gt; God bless you, Sister Sarah, for that song. I think it'd be good to hear that again. &gt;&gt; I'm going to just be another few minutes and I'm going to quit and if it's all right, I'll start again this afternoon. I would like us and if you could possibly make an effort to be here this evening. I would like you to be thinking about the potentials within us in the message here ye him in Lima Ohio. Brother Brandham said, 'I want to say this before I start preaching that the greatest need of healing tonight and the sickest body that I know of in all of the world is the body of the Lord Jesus, the church. Now, I know I've made reference to this and I've said I believe the bride of Christ is a marvelous, beautiful body and I do. But brother Brandham was seeing something else also. And I just and I need it for reference to this this this service today in the message also in 1964 and Jesus keeps all his appointments. He said and we believe tonight though we see you make the blind to see. Now notice what he says. Though we make the blind to see, and the deaf to hear, and the lame to walk, and by doctor statements have seen you raise up five people from the dead in different times, in different nations. But yet tonight, I believe the most sickest thing I know of tonight is the body of Christ here on earth, the church. It's really sick. Heal it tonight, Lord. We might be afflicted. And I believe in this church, we also need healing. Because I'm speaking of something deeper than just coming together. You know, you know well from the society that we live in, there are lots of homes out there, and I trust not here, but lots of homes where the father and the mother and the children and the and the occupants of the house really are nothing more than just people who gravitate around their own little circle and they've got their own little orbit and they come and meet under one roof and do their own little thing and then they're gone and they they live all they are is living in some sort of isolation and they they they communicate what they need, you know, what they need to communicate, but but everybody's busy. The wife's got her circle, and the husband has his circle, the kids got theirs, and they're all orbiting in their own little spheres, and they only meet under one roof. This church and any believer's church has not been intended by God that you have your own little circle and you have your own little family and you've got your own little things and you've got your concerns out there and you've got your direction, you have your agenda, but we all just kind of, you know, there are certain set time and part of our agenda is that we kind of come here and rotate together for a few moments and then we're all gone our own individual ways again. That's not the unity I'm talking about. I'm talking about the unity that it's on your mind. You're thinking of some believers every day. You're thinking of a brother. You're thinking of a sister. You're thinking of another family. Maybe not here but elsewhere. And it's on your mind. And it's on your heart. And you're consumed with them. Even though you're busy with your own uh things and things a dayto day that you have to attend to, but your your your your whole interest is this body of Jesus Christ. Oh, where's my other hand? Where's my other finger today? Where's the other part of this body? And how are they doing? And and this is the thing that is uppermost in our minds, I believe, more and more. And as that day approaches, that's what's going to consume our thoughts. &gt;&gt; And I think in this area we could do with some healing. Yes, &gt;&gt; we have some great potentials and I'm just going to name one and then we'll go on this evening. We have the potential for unity endeavoring to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace. You know, it's hard maybe if you hear that someone thinks a certain thing of you or someone has done a certain thing and it offended you, hurt you, hurt you very very deeply, maybe cut you, wounded you. Perhaps it came to you on good authority, but you're not too sure. Or uh just something took place maybe within the church or within the body uh of believers or whatever more. Uh uh Satan is not short on ideas. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's got lots of them. &gt;&gt; And then that thing, you know, it lays there like a heavy weight. He wants you to think about that. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He wants you to ponder that. But I am here today to declare to you in the name of the Lord God of Israel, the Lord Jesus Christ. I declare to you that you possess the resource within you to actually forget that &gt;&gt; you actually possess you have the potential within you to lay that down. &gt;&gt; You have the potential within you to forget your hurt and to lay it down even at a great cost to lay it down. Well, why would I lay it down? I lay it down for the benefit of the body of Christ. I lay it down so that will be no hindrance when I walk into the church. In fact, is I so lay it down. I take that brother, I take that sister around the neck and give them an embrace and let them know my spirit is pure. &gt;&gt; Now you've done something. &gt;&gt; Now you've done something. You've mined out a reserve. You've mined out some more out of the out of the body of Christ. You've you've reached down into the resources of the body of Christ and have given it out to the benefit of the whole body. &gt;&gt; You didn't keep it as your own little pet peeve, your own little pet hurt. Well, I'm going to I'm going to have my own pity party and I'm just going to keep this way and I'm going to be miserable and I I don't care what anybody thinks. I'll make everybody else's no I'm miserable. I'll be downcast. I'll be sour. I'll be whatever. And when I look at someone, they'll be despondent, too, just because the way I look. I say that's a shame and a disgrace to the body of Christ. I say in the name of Jesus Christ, lay that thing down &gt;&gt; and let it depart &gt;&gt; so that there is a a glorious spirit that God can come and visit with his presence and he will come and attend with you. &gt;&gt; I say hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We have that resource. It is here with us. The prophet told us we have every resource that we have need of. &gt;&gt; Do you agree? &gt;&gt; You agree with him? We have that resource. &gt;&gt; I say glory be to God. &gt;&gt; I have found this nation rich in resources. Amen. &gt;&gt; But oh, how the enemy in all of his cunning and craft will devise so many things. I say to you today, you have the power, not only the resource of unity, you have the power of forgiveness. &gt;&gt; Some people say, "I have such a difficult time. I've never been able to say I'm sorry." Forgive me. Try it out. &gt;&gt; How do I do it? Open your mouth is the first thing. &gt;&gt; And then down in your heart &gt;&gt; and let it come from the heart, not from the lips. Say it from the heart. Why do I say it from the heart? Because God's word says you should do it. &gt;&gt; But he did wrong. So how long we going to live with that? Amen. &gt;&gt; But you did say it. So, &gt;&gt; how long you going to live with it? few days ago in the last 30 days there was a debt that was owed and it wasn't a few hundred but it was a few thousand dollar. I did not owe the bill but I felt somehow responsible. I kind of brought the people together and in their coming together was left with a debt. And so the man let me know he was a a lawyer. He let me know that he was going to go after these people legally. So I thought about it for actually probably 3 4 months and I got dressed up my suit and told my wife I'm going into the city. She didn't know what I was going in for. And I went with the purpose of going to that man's office because I had already decided what I was going to do and he was away. But that didn't make any difference as I'm already set on that course. So I did some other things and came home. I sat down with my wife and I said that account that's owed by these men. I said I was awake early in the morning and I had already decided. So, I went into town to see this lawyer and I'm telling him, "I can't just do it right this minute, but if you will be a little bit patient, I'm going to pay that bill. And if it's only a certain amount each month, but I will pay that bill. Do not pursue these men any further." And my wife said, "I admire you." That was worth the debt. Just to have those words. My wife has never heard me say this, but she just said, "I admire you." She knows I don't owe the bill. And I admire her for not saying, "Are you crazy? What's the matter with you? We can use that money elsewhere. We need it somewhere else. Why give it to that unbeliever? Now, that's all the words she said. I admire you and I say to you as the body of Christ, I try to set an example. When Men of Vision was started, I had a pastor of this message write me a long letter signed by over 50 members of his congregation, some who I personally brought to the message and said, "You have brought forth a bastard child because I wanted to do something for the believers." And the fact that these brethren have gone overseas to build houses for the believers who are homeless today. The fact that they went and networked uh all the computers so that the messages could be better and more effectively printed in the Congo. And because of all of that, because of the things that these brethren have done, and yet a minister said, "You know what? If he was here at this moment, it wouldn't be it would not be at all an effort for me to cast my arms around his neck and to embrace him and to say, "You're my brother." &gt;&gt; You perhaps didn't understand, but you're my brother. Why would I do that? Not because I feel constrained. Not because I feel under pressure. Not because I'm preaching this message to you, but I believe we have the resource within us to be void of an ill feeling. I believe we have the resource within us to be as Jesus Christ was. And we have to put him as our as our example. &gt;&gt; Whatever he would do, that's what I want to do. &gt;&gt; And we want to be void of offense. Not for our feelings, not for our position, but for the body of Christ. Be void of offense. Be absolutely void of it. You have the resource in you. And I tell you, in the name of Jesus Christ, don't go out of this building the way you walked in. You might have to do some tall thinking. You might have to do some deep, deep pondering in your heart. But I tell you, you have a resource. If you're a member of the body of Jesus Christ, you have a you are part of a nation that is extremely resourceful and extremely rich. &gt;&gt; And all you need to do is tap into some of that that you have. &gt;&gt; It is your possession. &gt;&gt; And it's not given you for your own personal benefit, but it's given to you for the benefit of the body of Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; It doesn't take a strong man or a strong woman to hold a grudge. It is not It is not weakness to say, "I've forgiven you." It doesn't take a strong person to say, "I was right and I'm holding to it and that's all there is to it." Or, "This person said that or they did this or whatever." So what? How long is that going to go on? &gt;&gt; You want to cross the bar actually thinking that, feeling that? I say, "No, sir. No, sir. I tell you now before God over this holy word of God, you don't want to cross the bar that way. You don't want to enter into the rapture that way. You want to enter into with purity, &gt;&gt; hallelujah, with a righteous, holy, and endeavoring to keep the unity, as I said, not the unity of getting together. And we have a wonderful congregation, absolutely a marvelous congregation. I just love you so dearly, all of you. every segment of this congregation I love. And and and if there's any reason why I shouldn't, I'm I'm absolutely naive to the whole thing. People talk about stuff going on in the church. I'm I'm so glad I'm ignorant about it. I don't I don't I don't hardly know about it. I love the people. I love the congregation. And each one of you, I just have such a a relationship. But I tell you, over over this word of God, we want to uh I believe that there's a healing that can take place. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And now I've only covered we have the resource and the potentials for unity and for forgiveness. &gt;&gt; We have that. You don't have to get it. You say, "Well, you know, is it going to come? Is it going to drop down?" No, it's inside of you. You already possess it. You already have it. Isn't that wonderful? &gt;&gt; Brazil has it. And I close with this translator here. Translator over there. You know what brother Tonyy's doing today? He's driving. He's flying. He's one man. He's a oneman revival right now. One man. is going and and and speaking to this brother and to that pastor and to another and this translator. And if we wanted to give up, I'd have given up. I sat in the meeting and we said, "We need brothers. This is going to be a made in Brazil for Brazil. You've got all the resources. You don't really need us. If you want us just to be here to kind of bring it together, we'll do that. If you want us to administrate it, we'll administrate it as long as you need it. But as soon as you say we can do it cuz you brothers can do it, we're gone. We're out of here. But we'll help you. We're not here to build anything. &gt;&gt; No. They said, "We don't want you to leave. Don't you leave us alone." I said, "Well, we need you. The first thing is we need this senior brother and we need this senior brother. You've got to sit on it. You've got to be the directors. You got to be on the board. The one brother says, "If he's on the board, I will not sit on the board." I just about said, "Where's my airline ticket? I'm out of here. Here we've been preaching. Here we've been doing all I'm out of here." Wouldn't you feel that way? &gt;&gt; No. We just had to start keep slugging it out. And you say, "Well, where'd it go from there?" Well, it went straight downhill from there before that meeting was over. I mean, I thought I was below zero, below ground level. And then then it just get into a little bit. Well, I heard you say this and I heard you say that. And brother Tony and I just sat there and twiddled our thumbs, wait till all of that got over and say, well, here we go again. We're going to give up to that devil. Not a chance. We're going to pull him by the scuff of the neck and pow pow and let him know we're here for the long term. We're not here for the short term. And we let the brothers know we're not going to leave you alone. &gt;&gt; Going to be right here with you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And that's what he's doing. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; You might come in here and say, "Well, I don't know if I'm ready to do that where I'm going to keep pounding with the word and keep preaching the word and the other brother's going to keep preaching it and we're going to draw on these resources that we have." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise God. It's a glorious church &gt;&gt; without spot or wrinkle. Let's stand, shall we? &gt;&gt; Heavenly Father, we have not spoken these words merely for the people to have uh some enthusiasm, but we can see that it is striking accord. It's striking something in their hearts that's declaring by the Holy Ghost, it's true. It's true. And I believe that I possess that. I accept it. I receive it. And Lord Jesus, I pray that it will bring forth. This seed that's been sown will bring forth much fruit in the name of Jesus Christ. Bless the congregation. Bless as they have a short time away, Lord, a rest and some refreshment and food. And then I pray that you will bless the service, the gathering this afternoon. In your name we ask it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's just sing a verse or two of this song. Do you hear them coming brother? to you brother of the sea of Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] in the dark for wra. Hey, [Music] [Applause] [Music] I am [Music] in the lamb and I am a member of [Music] Oh, do you hear me? Yes, I do. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] The Lord is and I wash in the blood of the lamb. Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; Do you believe these resources are in you? Do you believe what the prophet of God has said? You need to confess that that resource is within me. I possess it now. Hallelujah. I pray, Father, that you'll bless the people abundantly. As they ponder these things, as the word is made real and rich by the Holy Spirit, I pray God quad, you'll breathe and brood over the seed as you brood it over it in creation. Brood over this new creation that is coming forth, the bride of Jesus Christ, the wife of the lamb. I pray that you will be glorified and blessed amongst the people. Dismiss us now, I pray, in Jesus Christ's name. And may you be, Lord, may you be pleased with our gathering and our conversation this afternoon. In Jesus Christ's name, I ask it. Amen. Amen. I'm dismissing you in the name of Jesus. God bless you. greet one another a little differently than he did before, maybe yesterday, and we'll see at 5:00. You're dismissed. [Music] I hope you don't mind, brother. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] We were [Music]
