################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2005-04-13 - 05-0413 The Eyes of Faith Br Ed Byskal, Pastor; Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2005-04-13
Title:    05-0413 The Eyes of Faith: Br Ed Byskal, Pastor; Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 57m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=368TVHouSFk
========================================

Description:
Video-converted message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here:  https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] down. [Music] Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] We are standing in his presence on holy ground. One more time. We are standing. &gt;&gt; Oh, we are standing on holy ground. And I know that there are angels all around. [Applause] Let us praise Jesus. Now [Music] we are standing in his presence. [Music] Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. I believe that that's exactly where we're standing tonight. And if each of us could catch that revelation, what a service we would have. &gt;&gt; Amen. from the littlest ones all the way back to the oldest ones down here in the front sitting up in the balcony. If we could really understand that it's in his presence that we currently are standing, what a tremendous time we'll have tonight. Because I don't believe it's something far-fetched, something very hard for us to grasp. We just have to be willing to get out of the way, let the Lord have his way, and it won't be what a service we could have. It'll be what a service we did have because it'll be a reality. Amen. God bless you this evening. It's very good to see each and every one of you here this evening. Let's turn the screen on to number seven. He's everything to me. Amen. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's everything. He's everything. For he's my father and my mother, my sister and my brother. He's everything to me. Oh yes, he's everything. He's everything to me. I know he's everything to me. For he's my father and my father. my sister and my brother. He's everything to me. Oh, he's everything. He's everything to me. He's everything. He's everything to me. For He's my father and my mother. Oh, my sister and my brother. He's everything to me. He is my everything. He is my all. Is that your testimony tonight? He is my everything. All great and small. He gave himself for me. Made everything new. He is my everything will do. If you know it, just close your eyes and sing it to him. &gt;&gt; You are our everything tonight. He is my all. He is my everything, [Applause] both great and small. Just exalt himself for me. Make everything new. He is my everything. None other will do. One more time real sweetly. He is mine. Just tell him from your heart. He's a friend to you tonight. If we could just reach out and touch him this evening. He is my everything. All great and strong. He gave his help for me. Made everything new. He my everything [Music] will do. E flat. in my life. Lord be glorified. Be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified today in everything in everything that I say and do. Be glorified. [Applause] Be glorified in everything I say. and do be glorified today. Let's make this our anthem this evening in my life. Oh, be glorified. Be glorified in my life. Lord, be glorified today. Let's all stand on our feet and sing it together. In everything I say and do, be glorified. [Applause] Be glorified [Applause] in everything I say and do. Be glorified [Applause] today. In my life, Lord be in my life. In my life, Lord be glorified. Yes Lord. &gt;&gt; Glorify yourself Lord in my life. Lord be glorified [Applause] today in my life. Lord be in my life. Lord, won't you be glorified in each and every member of the body this see in my life. Lord be glorified today. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, how we love you tonight, Father. Lord, let everything that is within us, Father, cry holy unto you, Lord Jesus. Lord, we don't want to see man this evening, Father, but we want to see you high and lifted up. We want to see you glorified in this gathering this evening, Lord. Lord, we didn't come to see our pastor, Lord, how we love him so much, Lord. Lord, we came to see you speak through our pastor. We came you to see you, Lord, revealed in our brothers and our sisters gathered around us. Lord, may we be humble enough to see the life of Christ on display. Lord, we love you tonight, Father. We love your appearing, Lord. Come this evening, this humble little gathering. Lord, we don't have a lot to offer, Father. Just our lives, Lord, we give freely unto you tonight. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let everything within me cry holy. Let everything within me cry. Holy, let everything within me cry. Holy, holy, holy, holy is the lamb that was slain. Oh, let's sing it again. Let everything within me cry, holy. Let everything within me cry holy. And holy, holy, holy is the lamb that was slain. Hallelujah. Hallelu. I trust there's a deep down inside each of you tonight that cries out holy, holy to the lamb that was slain. We want to go to prayer at this time and ask brother Madden. Brother Madden if you'd come and take us to the throne of grace this evening in prayer. We've got a testimony from sister Patty. Believe this was several days ago. She says, "I woke up with my left arm almost useless and in very much in pain. So I wrapped it. I believe this was this must have been Sunday." And she came to church anyway with it wrapped and in pain. And during the service says, "It struck me that I just had to believe and confess my healing." And praise the Lord, the pain has gone. [Music] She said, "I just want to take a punch at Satan with my left hand." Amen. Well, all parts of the body are for a use. Amen. We've got a testimony from Brother Tom Frey. He says he'd like to thank the Lord for answering his prayers. Several months ago, we had put in a prayer request regarding insurance requirements on their home and they're thankful to say that the requirements are no longer needed and they're able to move forward. Want to remember Dave Drake uh asked to pray for Tom Miller. Um the prayers that have been put forward have been a benefit and a help as his heart has been responsive. And uh want to remember Sister Pat Drake, Sister Shauna Gruner, and Sister Marge Miller as they're over on Vancouver Island with Tom at this time. [Music] Sister Joanne puts in a request. Please pray for I am at home not well in body. Amen. I know it's the flu season. The devils took a swing at my myself, my family, my wife, my wife and I on the at the same time, the kids. And uh it's no picnic. We just hold on, hold out, hold fast. How many how many remember that service brother Lance preached probably a couple years ago? I don't know if I'll ever be able to forget that. Hold on, hold fast, and hold out. And sometimes that's just all you can do. But the Lord's faithful. Amen. Amen. Sister Leverne Clemens wants to thank all that have been praying for me. Thanks for your caring and concern. Uh she has been very sick for about two weeks. The battle has been won. However, the Lord is victorious and the devil's on the run. Um, she says, "My daughter-in-law has asked for prayer um for her boss. I'm not exactly sure what the problem is. I believe that uh they've been bucked off of a horse and broken several things and pulled some vertebraes. I believe be in surgery on Friday. So asking that the Lord would intervene on their behalf and above all requesting prayer for salvation. Amen. We want to remember my mother-in-law has been caring for a very sick lady for quite some time now. Has had cancer, reoccurring cancer, and is now at the stage where she has to undergo experimental treatments to try and cure the cancer from the body. And basically, I guess they just kill everything in the body that's alive, hoping to squaltch the cancer and then reintroduce life back into the body with uncancered blood and bone marrow and things. So, she's uh she's at her she's at her wit's end. So, we want to ask prayer not only for the healing touch in her body, but that the Lord would provide a healing touch in her soul. request for brother Gary Steey from Hudson Hope. He is at home very sick and body having some internal bleeding. Please pray for DTP employees at the William Brandham Good News Society printing work in India. Uh Sister Mary's six-year-old son died Friday, April 8th due to a brain tumor. He was in the hospital for the last 2 to three days. Her husband is not a believer although he permits her to work for the Lord at the printing pl printing press. Just want to remember those in India and please pray for brother Moses there as well. Many requests but our Lord is mighty in battle. &gt;&gt; Amen. Searching over the earth where to prove himself powerful. Brother Miladdin, would you come? If you have a need on your heart tonight, just make it known by the uplifted hand as we go to prayer. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Precious heavenly father, how wonderful you are, Lord. As we coming before you Lord, then we are so thankful father that we have a place that we where we can let off pressure father of &gt;&gt; daily fleshly life. Lord, we just come into your house and giving you all praise, praise and glory tonight and inviting you to come down Lord with your mighty presence. [Music] Oh, how wonderful you are, Lord. Thank you for your visitation in this generation. Father, thank you for your faithful servant, brother William Branham. Lord, thank you for that voice who gather us, Lord, from all different places and countries, Lord, and in in same like precious faith. Lord, thank you for a testimony. You're still living God, Father. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Father, for the faithful brothers and sisters. Lord, &gt;&gt; thank you for the testimony of brother Tom Frey and sister Petty. Father, Father, you know everything. There are many requests tonight, Lord. I couldn't even try to remember them all, Father. But you knew them before they've written down, Lord. But for those who have really need Lord their most important father cancer brother Derek mother-in-law father sister Margelie Miller Lord we ask you Lord come down and minister to them Lord we know that's a demon of cancer Lord it's not sickness that's nothing but it's demon father and we come against him with the blood of the Jesus Christ we sending blood of the risen Christ between brothers brother and sister and this demon father and we ask you to minister to them father through your word lord and for all those different ones lord even requests from India all over the places Drake family father and different one as I laying my hands on those requests please meet each and everyone father as we believe all together lord I raise up my hands lord and brothers and sisters all over the place. Lord, we are all needy people, Father, tonight. That's why we came before your presence, Father, to minister to us, Lord, help each and everyone, Lord. As for ministry of the word, Father, we ask you to come down, Lord, in mighty way and made your servant, help your servant to come out here, Lord, and move inside Lord. Help us Lord tonight once more as we coming before your throne. Mercy. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus for your grace. Father thank you for your mercy and grace Lord. Oh f where would we be tonight Lord if you didn't came tonight to to meet us Lord thank you Lord for your faithful servant and for for your message Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah. Speak to us once more Lord and re lift up us high Lord in another dimension Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes Lord Jesus. We ask you Lord, &gt;&gt; come down and minister to us. &gt;&gt; As we ask in Jesus Christ's name, &gt;&gt; amen and amen. God bless you as you have your seats. Amen. Once again, we want to say God bless you and welcome to the house of the Lord tonight. Those on the internet hook up tonight. We want to greet you. telephone hookup. Say, "God bless you as well." Amen. There's a little chorus that I I like very much. I don't know how much we sing it. It's number 399. Yeah. [Music] My truesting, my deepest need. Without you one moment, I don't know where I'd be. Your love is life to me. Is his love your life? Your love is life to me. My truest longing, my deepest need. [Music] Without you one moment, I don't know where I'd be. Your love is life to me. Oh, your love is life to me. My truest longing. [Music] &gt;&gt; Without you one moment, I don't know where I'd be. Your love is like to me. [Music] Amen. I trust that his love is new every morning to you. Amen. Let's sing that little chorus. Lord, you are more precious than silver, more costly than gold. Amen. We can't put a value on the love of God. Amen. Alls we can do is thank him for what he's done for us where he's brought us. Lord, you are more precious than silver and more. You are more costly than more. You are more beautiful than diamonds and nothing I desire compares with you. Oh Lord, Lord, you are. &gt;&gt; You are more precious than silk. Lord, you are more costly than you are. more beautiful than diamonds. And there's nothing I desire compared with you. Oh, let's lift it up one more time. Lord, you are more precious than silver. Oh, you are more costly than Oh, you are more beautiful than diamond and nothing by design compares with you. Amen. And as we get ready to change the order of the service, invite our pastor to come. Why don't we turn the screen on to 354 QC? Holy believe, only all things are possible. Just only believe. Oh, believe. Oh, believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Maybe we can stand. Lord I believe. Oh yes. Lord I believe. All things are possible. Lord I believe. Lord I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I feel Jesus is here. Jesus is here. I know Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. All things are possible. [Music] &gt;&gt; Well, I wonder what Jesus wants to do tonight. That's the important question, isn't it? We came with our expectations, but I wonder what his expectation is. So, we can say, "The will of the Lord be done." &gt;&gt; Amen. And we all agree with that. Do whatever he wishes to do. And when the service is over that he's pleased. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's what's so means so much to us. Hallelujah. We're happy to be saved, aren't we? Happy to be in his presence tonight. Amen. Well, we uh you've had prayer and there was quite a number of prayer requests. We're going to go to the scriptures right away. But I needed to also, we're going to include in prayer tonight. I wanted I didn't uh have it as an announcement during the service, but we just got word yesterday that our brother David Mamalus passed away very suddenly. And uh he was apparently just in his chair. Uh Sister Mamalus, Sister Paulie was not home. She was actually, I believe, away visiting. I'm not too sure. I understand she was maybe visiting her her family. Uh and uh uh a sister from I believe that works in their office uh found him in his chair, sitting in his chair. Brother Momus has contributed a great work to the bride of Jesus Christ. I always want to respect a man for what he had in his heart to do for God. It's not what we think a person should do. It's what what God put in their heart to do. And he put some wonderful volumes of the message out and probably worked for 20 25 years and had a whole team of people working with him. And so we just want to thank God for his life and pray that God will sustain his wife and uh loved ones. What family? I don't know any of the extended family, but we just want to remember them in prayer. Also, I would like you to be in continuing prayer. Brother Mladden uh is going to be going to Serbia and they have arranged for some meetings to take place. You know, let me just get take this moment. It used to be Yugoslavia which was a number of provinces. Then they had their war over there and there's Macedonia and Bosnia and and uh Serbia and Slovenia and Croatia and all of these different provinces now essentially are nations within their own right and so while a war was continued on and afterwards they were restricted they couldn't travel so prior to that there was a few believers scattered some in Slovenia Ian, some in Croatia, some up in Serbia and so on, but they could not even reach and fellowship with one another. And now it's now possible for them to have free movement and so on. And they have arranged for a camp meeting. This is the first time I believe it's ever taken place. Brother Madden has taken the initiative and has been working with the brothers for weeks now and we have set the meeting up for June I believe 16th and 17th and 18th and they they got a campground belongs to it another denominational church but they're happy to let us use that facility and the Lord willing I will be going there to be with the brothers but the milco plans to fly over and they're going to be coming from Romania and perhaps Bulgaria and and Hungary and different places, Poland, and this is the first time they've had a meeting there. Now, we've labored in this country for well over 20 years and have printed and translated and so on in uh those languages. So, it it I I know that the country needs your prayers. It really needs your prayers. Will I have your support in that? Let's remember these brethren and brother Madden has done a marvelous work in translating and voice over of the messages and the services from here and they go over there on a regular basis constantly going over and people are counting on them almost like for their for their services and some are streaming probably streaming right now and so we're we're very very very burdened for that work and we want to see God move and a powerful way. And uh one of the brothers has taken quite a bit of responsibility. The the camp is ending on Saturday and he's arranged for me to speak in a Pentecostal church I believe in Belgrade on Sunday and I need your prayers. I need your prayers very very much. I've been depending on that. All right, let's just have a word of prayer. Father, the people have prayed and I heard our brother Madden pray and many requests were made. We're asking for more and you are a God of plenty. You're not short on power. You're not short on grace. You're not short on long suffering, Lord. And we need we need your guidance tonight, Father, in the service. So, we're asking for your blessing upon the meeting. Asking for your anointing upon the word. Asking for your anointing of the Holy Spirit upon all the people that hear, oh God, present in those that are not present. And for myself, oh Lord, at standing at the post of duty. We're asking, oh God, for your grace. We are asking Lord on behalf of uh Sister Momus uh the family Lord the loved ones the workers those of his congregation those oh Lord who are touched by his passing you have of your own accord you have called him home and we know oh God that there is a place for him that you have ordained and we thank you for his life we thank you for the labors oh God, the things which you laid upon his heart that he did and the energy which he expended and the flame and the fire, oh God, that will continue on and he has his reward, oh Lord, according to your good pleasure. And I pray, Father, a special grace and comfort upon the family. And now, Lord Jesus, be with us. I ask in a special way just now. Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Take your Bibles if you would and turn to uh Genesis the 31st chapter. We have a rather lengthy uh scripture reading, but without it, we can't really get the uh background. So, I hope you won't mind. You don't mind reading the Bible anyway. You You're all Bible readers and Bible believers. &gt;&gt; Amen. uh chapter 31. Now, I just give you just a wee bit of background. This is concerning Jacob and his father-in-law, Laban. And most of you know, but for those of you who don't, he worked seven years for the wife he didn't expect and got Leah. And then he worked another seven years for the wife that he wanted and he got Rachel. So, he worked 14 years. And besides those 14 years, he worked another six years. And he spent 20 years working for his father-in-law. That is tough, believe me. Anyway, he managed to make his way through 20 years. And he he he must have had more than respect for his father-in-law because he must have feared him. And he wanted to leave. He wanted to cut the ties and get away. So, he thought he had to pretty well escape. And so, his father-in-law, Laban, was away uh shearing sheep. And Jacob thought, "This is it. This is the time. I'll I'll flee now." So, he put his wives under notice and all his people and so on. And he had huge flocks by this time. And they are he he said, "I'm history." And away he went. And he was gone in about three days journey when Laban heard about it. And Laban was not a happy camper. He was not pleased. And so we're in the midst of that. We're going to read about them meeting. All right. And uh and it was 22nd verse. And it was told Laban on the third day that Jacob was fled and he took his brethren with him and pursued after him seven days journey. And they overtook him in the mount Gilead. And God came to Laban the Syrian in a dream by night, and said unto him, Take heed that thou speak not to Jacob, either good or bad. Then Laban overtook Jacob. Now Jacob had pitched his tent in the mount. And Laban with his brethren pitched in the mount of Gilead. And Laban said to Jacob, "What hast thou done that thou hast stolen away unawares uh to me and carried away my daughters as captives taken with the sword? Wherefore did thou flee away secretly, and steal away from me? And did not tell me that I might have sent thee away with mirth, and with song, with tabrate, and with harp?" Oh, yeah. and hast not suffered me to kiss my sons and my daughters. Thou hast thou hast done foolishly in so doing. It is in the power of my hand to do do you hurt. But the God of your father spake unto me yesterday night, saying, Take thou heed that thou speak not to Jacob either good or bad. And now, though thou wst needs be gone, because thou sore longest after thy father's house, yet wherefore hast thou stolen my gods? And Jacob, you see, uh Rachel had taken some idols of her father and hid them in their stuff. She stole them. She took them. Her maybe she didn't she just borrowed them. You know, when a daughter takes some of the father's stuff, she doesn't she doesn't think it's too serious. I remember when Tom and Joanne got married, I went up after a few weeks up to Joannne's room and there was nothing left in the room. The bedroom suite was gone. Everything was gone. I went and asked her, I said, "There's no furniture up in your room." She said, "That's my furniture." So, that's the way maybe Rachel thought about it. And uh and it says and the 32nd verse uh 31st verse and Jacob answered and said to Laban because I was afraid uh afraid for I said pre-adventure that thou wouldest take by force thy daughters from me. With whomsoever thou findest thy gods, let him not live before our brethren discern thou what is thine with me and take it to thee. For Jacob knew not that Rachel had stolen them. And Laban went into Jacob's tent, and into Leah's tent, and into the two maidservants tents, and he found them not. Then went he out of out of Leah's tent, and entered into Rachel's tent. Now Rachel had taken the images, and put them in the camel&lt;unk&gt;s furniture, and sat upon them. And Laban searched all the tent, but found them not. And she said to her father, "Let it not displease my lord that I cannot rise up before thee, for the custom of women is upon me." And he searched, but found not the images. And Jacob was wroth and cho with Laban. The the words in the Hebrews said he was absolutely angry. He was just filled with he was filled with fury. you came here and accused me and you can't find them. They're not here. I didn't steal anything. And Laban said with Laban and Jacob answered and said to Laban, "What is my trespass? What is my sin that thou hast so hotly pursued after me? Whereas thou hast searched all my stuff? What hast thou found of all thy household stuff? Set it here before my brethren and thy brethren, that they may judge betw twix us both." This 20 years have I been with thee. Thy you use and thy goats have not cast their young and have not cast their young. And the rams of thy flock have I not eaten. That which was torn of beasts I brought not unto thee. I bear the loss of it. Of my hand did thou require it, whether stolen by day or stolen by night. Thus I was in the day the drought consumed me and the frost by night, and my sleep departed from mine eyes. Thus have I been 20 years in thy house. I served thee 14 years for thy two daughters, and six years for thy cattle, and thou hast changed my wages 10 times, except the God of heaven, except the God of my father, the God of Abraham, and the fear of Isaac had been with me. Surely thou hast sent me away now empty. God hath seen mine affliction and the labor of my hands, and rebuked thee yesterday night. And Laban answered and said unto Jacob, These daughters are my daughters, and these children are my children, and these cattle are my cattle, and all that thou seeest is mine, and what can I do this day unto thee unto these my daughters, or unto their children which they have borne? Now therefore, come thou, let us make a covenant, I and thou, and let it be for a witness between me and thee. And Jacob took a stone, and set it up for a pillar. And Jacob said unto his brethren, "Gather stones, and they took stones, and made a heap, and they did eat there upon the heap." And Laban called it Yagar Sahadutha. But Jacob called it Galed. And Laban said, "This heap is a witness between me and thee this day. Therefore was the name of it called Galed." And Mispa said, "For he said, the Lord watched between me and thee when we are absent from one another." All right, I'll just have you have your seats. We've read a lot of scripture and I'm sure you didn't get buried in it. Interesting account. I want to speak to you tonight. Uh, Wednesday's nice family night. I want to speak to you on how people can experience the same event and experience many many events because Jacob and Laban had much of their life 20 years of their life in common. In other words, they experienced a multitude of the same things. But Laban sees it one way and Jacob sees it quite another. Uh I was I've been thinking about this for a number of weeks. In fact is I've had this scripture in my message notes for probably the last five weeks and never have been able to come to it. So I said tonight although we leave for services in Ohio to do the dedication for brother Jeff's church uh leave tomorrow uh and this Sunday will be the dedication meetings. I felt I wanted to speak this here this evening and it and to me it's very very important um how we see things. Brother Brandham talks about the eyes of faith and I was thinking of the eyes of the word. The word has eyes. Brother Brandham talked about talked about Jesus coming down to see John and he and he puts it this way. How the eyes of the word looked into the eyes of the prophet. I thought that was so picturesque, so powerful. How the eyes of the word looked into the eyes of the prophet. And the word has eyesight. I wish that we as a church could operate and function our lives more with the eyesight of the word than we do with our natural eyesight. This word, the promise of this day has eyesight and we really need desperately that vision. &gt;&gt; We need to be able to see that by uh by the eyesight of the word. Now in uh in the sermon I'm just laying a little bit of a foundation in the sermon why I am a holy roller brother Brandham said he said oh my I'll tell you why I'm a holy roller he said I see the sign coming up look at him uh there when they were going the church moving on and then he refers to Joel now listen closely He said, "Joel saw God put a binocular on his eyes one day and he looked down through the stream of time yonder and he seen the church. He seen this vine torn down and destroyed." He said, "What the palmer left, the caterpillar's eaten. And what the caterpillar left, the locust has eaten. And what the locust eat, he left it for another another worm has eaten. He said, "Could this church ever grow again?" But God said, "I will restore, sayeth the Lord." And that's where Joel got his vision. He saw by what God was speaking to him. "I will restore, says the Lord." And he said Joel that prophet looking down through the eyes of faith because he had faith in what God was saying to him and what God was witnessing to him inside. And that gave him the vision. It wasn't what his eyes saw, &gt;&gt; but it's what what he had from an inner vision from what God was speaking to him. You know, we all have those eyes. You have that eyesight. You have that. It's not just you have access to it. You have that eyesight. But so often we're being dictated to by what we feel or what we see or the circumstances we're experiencing when in fact if you just turn your focus and your attention inside there'll be a witness in your soul and that is the witness that needs to give you the eyesight. Amen. &gt;&gt; And he said, looking down through the eyes of faith, he saw this vine coming out of Genesis, he saw when the Holy Ghost had fell. He saw the dark ages coming. He seen the vine destroyed and pushed down to a stump. H but God said, "I will restore, sayeth the Lord." Oh my. He said, "If it wasn't for that," Hallelujah. And if it wasn't for the promise we have today in this message, friends, we might as well shut the doors, go home, eat, drink, and be married. But the word has eyesight and if we just allow the the promise of this hour to come, God didn't just say, "I will restore," said the Lord. But he also said in Malachi, "Behold, I'll send you Elijah the prophet for a purpose, for a reason, to restore the children back to the faith of the fathers. That's my eyesight. That's the vision that we must have. And then he goes on. He said, "If it wasn't for that," he said, "you might be able to kill the branches." If it wasn't for the fact that God had spoke that, you might be able to kill the branches, but the life is in the church. I'd like you to say, "Amen." If you believe that he said, "Which is Jesus Christ?" And I read, I was reading this sentence. I was just reading it and rehearsing it in my in the study and I was reading these words, Jesus Christ, the lamb. And as I read the lamb, you people were out here singing that those very two words in a chorus and we said it together. I thought that was amazing. I was reading this quote and I was just saying the lamb. When you were saying the lamb in a song, I thought, "My God, you have a you have a uh you have a mind. You have a thought. You're getting the people right in the same spirit." And they said, "Jesus Christ, the lamb slain from the foundation of the word earth. He will get somebody who's going to believe him." As a this to me is a prophet speaking. He will get somebody. And I say today, I am that somebody. You must say you are that somebody. He has found somebody to believe his word. And this word has a it it gives me a a I have eyesight by the word. I have eyesight of the promise. The word still has eyes to see. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I said &gt;&gt; praise God. And then the message of trial, I'll just read. He said, "Don't look at me." He said, "You can look at me, but look, let your faith look beyond that." I'd like to say that tonight in this Wednesday evening service, you can see me as a pastor, as a speaker, as a minister tonight. But you must look beyond that or you're not going to get what God has in this service. You must look beyond that. He said, "You can see me, but look, let your faith look beyond that. You can look to me with physical eyes, but look to him with your eyes of faith." That he is that word. And he's just changed his mask. That's all he was saying. He's just changed his mask. It's the same one, same one that Joel saw. He said that Paul, he referred to Paul. He said he looked also. He looked through spiritual eyes and he saw the age that we're in. He said in the in those days there'll be treacherous days. Perilous times shall come. He saw them. Men will be lovers of their own selves more than lovers of God. Lovers of pleasure and they'll be heady and high-minded. He saw that. And here we have it today. &gt;&gt; We can see what's around us. And you know, you don't only see the conditions around, but you can you can sense the spirit of the age. &gt;&gt; And what the word has said about the day that we're living in is absolutely absolutely accurate. Now how how people can ex experience or look at the same same event and see it from different positions. How they can experience and go through two people can go through exactly the same. They can experience the same happening. It'll do one thing for one person and do completely the other thing for another person. One person will see it and it is a complete negative. This is terrible. This is disastrous. And next person sees it says what an opportunity. There was a fellow by the name of Robert McLaclin. How many here know about Robert McLaclin? Not very many. There's a fellow by the name of Robert McLaclin and he had his roots in Tyrone County actually Ireland but by the mid 1800s he had been lured to Peterborough Ontario with the promise of free farmland and to clear his farm Mlaclin built handles for axes and to supplement his income. He sold some handles at the local market. The handles went over well with the neighbors, and in 1867 or so, McLaclin built himself a horse carriage. So good was his design and craftsmanship that the neighbors who liked his axe handles asked him to build carriages for them. As knowledge of quality of MLAN's carriage spread, the more he was called upon to build and by 1867 to 1901, McLaclin had moved from Tyrone to Ashawa, Ontario and expanded his operation so much that he had to give give it a name. Uh by 1901 the McGlaclin Carriage Company was born and the company was owned by McLaclin and his two sons Sam and George were his partners. 1901 would prove to be a crucial turning point for Sam McLaclin when he and his brother were given a drive in a carriage. Uh uh the the the carriage company's bookkeepers new automobile. They just made an automobile. And Sam was enthusiastic over the technology, the son, and he wanted to get his father to invest in the production of these horseless carriages. And Robert, the father, he was not so forwardinking as his sons, saying that these contraptions were noisy, smelly, dangerous, and were a passing fad. I guess you know that Bill Gates said that the computer would be completely useless for the average home and it would be of no use whatsoever and it wouldn't need any more memory than about 640K or something like that. Bill Gates. Sam was not discouraged by his father and by 1907 he he testdriven a number of these passing fads and decided that he wanted to build the Buick in Canada. And Robert reluctantly his father agreed. So they approached another friend and I'll just abbreviate this and they established the Buick Motor Company. And then they were finally bought out by or became General Motors of Canada. That is how it began. It began with axe handles and ended up as General Motors of Canada. It was it it became the MLAN Motorc Car Company. I've actually seen a MLAN car, but I'm not from the 1800s. McGlaughlin built 154 cars in his first year of production and they were all sold all sold very quickly. However, sales dropped off etc. And then uh uh one day they uh the General Motors who had was in the states decided that they would uh merge. And so the McGlaughlin Motor Car Company grew and prospered until it had grown so complex that in 1918 it was bought by General Motors and renamed General Motors of Canada under the direction of the Sam McLaclin and Sam remained as president until 1945. He lived to be 101 years old. He was living when I was yet in Toronto. He didn't forget the country that made him so wealthy. And they have the MLAN planetarium in Toronto. They have the intensive care unit of the hospital for six children. The GE University library and uh part of the group of seven collection of uh vast collection of art and all of this he has given and donated and given back. But in 1929, the whole world crashed. The economy of the world crashed and the world went into a great depression. That's why I gave you this background. And people were lined up in for soup on the streets. My wife's dad tried to buy hay. And I met the man. He told me that he was standing in in my father-in-law's store and he told me Wes Harper needed hay for his animals for his cattle and I was selling hay for 50 cents for an entire hay rack load and he couldn't afford it. He didn't have 50 cents. There was no money. People slew and killed their cows by the thousands because a cow wasn't even worth a dollar. Nobody wanted them and there was no money and the country went into a a tremendous and it crashed overnight. The stock market totally collapsed. While people and there were a good number of them that leaped out of the skyscrapers in New York and committed suicide. Now I just want you to get this picture now so I can go on in my message. Just imagine the mental torture and torment that went through men's minds when to stand there and look down on those streets and say, "This has been such a catastrophe. I'll just end my life." And they leapt out of those buildings to their death. Sam McLaclin, he saw the same event completely opposite. He thought, "What an opportunity. The market has crashed." and he took all his resources or as much I guess as he had and bought General Motor stock because he had absolute confidence. This is a good company. This thing's going to come back and I'm going to buy all the stock that I can get my hands on. And he became the largest shareholder of General Motors by taking an opportunity in a crash when people were committing suicide. the same event looked at from two totally different perspectives. And I I I I would sooner have MLANS than be down there a piece of uh you know a grease spot on a street someplace and he went from axe handles and that's why he had confidence. He didn't get it on a golden platter. He worked hard. He made axe handles and sold axe handles. Then he got some carriages and he went on from there. went on from there and then when this terrible calamity came not only in this country in America, North America but all over the world he saw it as a great opportunity the scripture which we read. I'm going to give you just a little background because I'm going to come directly to my point. I read and I've been studying this for a number of weeks now where Isaac instructed Jacob his son. He said, "You go to your kindred and choose a wife." This whole episode, all of this 20 years started by a young man heeding his father's instruction. He said, "Don't take a wife of the of the people here. you go to your kindred and go to your uh your mother's brother and there choose a wife of his daughters and I gave you the background how he served and then Jacob leaving him and this great uh clash of their their natures you know also Rachel now obviously Jacob discovered at some point that Rachel caused all of this. But you don't find him reprimanding her or becoming uh angry with her or whatever more. He he saw that God's hand was in it all. He saw he saw the hand of God in the whole thing. And uh and and now I want to draw your attention to this uh particular verse of scripture. And it says here that that Laban when they took a heap of stones and they made their covenant, not so much a covenant, but they ate and they uh it would be a witness. And Laban, he called it Jagger Sahadutha, and that means a heap, a gathering of a heap. And Jacob, he called it Galed, which is actually the same as Gilead. They both have the same the same meaning. But now Jacob didn't want to call it what Laban had called it because what Laban called it, it was just a a heap of stones. That's all it was to him. But to Jacob, it had a completely different meaning. the same event had a completely different meaning. And I want to go into this with with some depth because uh for Jacob it if you if you will remember uh Joshua when he first came into the country and Mount Gilead is an important you'll find it all sprinkled all through the scripture because Mount Gilead was a a place that number one it makes reference to a witness witness. This is a witness. And to Jacob, the witness was that it was a covenant. And that covenant must remain faithful. And in the Hebrew, it is, as I've used the meaning of it here before, to say the same thing. You remember me saying that, and to say it again and again. And every time you say it, you say it exactly the same. If you don't say it the same, then it's not a covenant. That is why if you can just grasp what I'm saying, that is why you'll find brother Brandham or any prophet of God coming back when he's saying thus sayeth the Lord, the thing that he condemns so much was denominations because he said there isn't one that can take the whole word. So what he's really saying is to to put it in another language if if they can't take the whole word that means at some point they have to say something else &gt;&gt; and that is condemned by almighty God &gt;&gt; because then the covenant is no longer a covenant. And so to Jacob, notice what he said now to Laban when he he this whole occurrence allowed him to have this explosive moment of wroth and he was angry with Laban. You pursued me like a thief. I worked for you for 20 years, seven years for this daughter, seven years for that daughter, six years for the cattle. I took the ring straight. I took all the speckled. I took the bad ones. If something was wounded, I didn't even I didn't even charge you for it. I took the wounded. I took the loss. I took all that. Now you follow me like a thief. Like I've stolen your gods or something. You see, God actually allowed that. Don't ask me to explain it all. But whatever uh whatever possessed Rachel to take those idols, you can only conclude because you have to see Jesus Christ in every verse. You can only conclude that God allowed her to do that to give Jacob this opportunity so that this could be written and he could actually demonstrate what really was in his heart. And after he choed with Laban and he scolded him out and all the rest of it and he told him, "You changed my wages 10 times." And he said it twice. "You changed." In other words, your covenant is no good. Your word is no good. You are not reliable. You've changed your You've changed your word. You changed your promise. You are an unreliable person. And I'm out of here. I'm done with you. I thank God he separated from him. And so when he made the heap, it didn't only mean a heap of stones, but it also had direct reference to a a second compounding word, which is that this is a covenant. For me, it's a covenant. And it and it is a covenant that can be repeated again and again and again. There's something wonderful about a person's life when you see them 10 years ago and you see them 5 years ago, you see him today and you see a track record and you know in your heart that person's going to be the same if God gives them life is going to be the same for the next 20 years, next 25 years. Nothing's going to change them. Styles aren't going to change them. Poverty won't change them. Money won't change them. Death won't change them. Nothing will change them. Give them something or take it away, they will be the same because they are tied to God's covenant. &gt;&gt; And that's what it meant for Jacob. That's why I call it Gilead Galed because in fact is you can even see what is in him because when he left and he began to flee, he fled towards that mountain and the word means heap of stones. Even Mount Gilead means heap of stones. And that's where he's headed to because to him it was a it's a covenant place. When Joshua brought the children of Israel into the promised land, that's the first place they went to was there because it was a sign. And God said to him, I have this will be a sign. Something like that because I have the scripture. I'll give you a little later because he says I have this will be a sign. I have I have removed the bondage. I have rolled off. And the word is rolled. I have rolled off the bondage of Egypt. And this is a sign. He's telling them, you're done with this bondage. &gt;&gt; And this is exactly what Jacob was saying. Jacob was saying, "I'm done with this weight and this heaviness, this servitude to this man. This heap means to me, I'm going to serve God that's reliable. I'm going to serve God who keeps his word and I'm done with you. &gt;&gt; I'm done with this bondage." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And that's what it meant to him. &gt;&gt; This bondage is rolled off from me. Oh my. Tell you what, I went through these scriptures. I I went through the scriptures real close. Says, "And he and he took his brethren with him and pursued after him seven days journey. And they overtook him in Mount Gilead." That's where they overtook Laban. I mean, Laban overtook uh Jacob because that's where that's where he that's where he had stopped. And then Laban saying to Jacob, "Thou hast stolen away unawares of me." Now notice how he says it. "And you've carried away my daughters as captives taken with the sword." And he delivers a strong accusation against him. And he told him, you know, uh just when we were reading it, I hope you noticed it. He says, "You've taken my daughters and you've taken my sons and you've taken my cattle." And he said, "Furthermore, all this is mine." &gt;&gt; Showing that he w was supremely not simply unreliable, but he was not trustful. He was not a godly man in that sense of the word because he made his word, made his promise, broke it, made his promise, broke it. And Jacob, this I this was very, very significant. And so for Laban, here's one way of looking at it and it's going to come home to us right where we're living. But he to him, well, I've met and and here here's the whole sum and substance of we've had a pile of stones here and and we've had a meal over top of that's all it was to him. That's how he saw it. Jacob says that's not it at all. This pile of stones is a witness. And the witness has to be a true covenant. And a true covenant has to be the same every time. Every time. Every time. It can't change. That his faith was in God. And furthermore, this is evidence because it come from another word, rolling off or roll away. And and and and this is a sign. This heap of stones here. It might just be a pile of stones to you, Laban, but to me, the oppression and servitude of all of these 20 years is gone. I'm free from you. I'm free from this burden anymore. How many can remember when you got came free from it? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You don't you don't remember the bondage of Egypt anymore. You're done with it &gt;&gt; because God's promise is true. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And if you have a doubt in it, if you question it, then of course then you're going to you're going to slip into a bondage or a condemnation. And he goes on and tells him, I've got power to do you hurt. He didn't have any power at all. God met him. Can you imagine God? &gt;&gt; What would you feel about that? You're pursuing somebody and the very God of that person comes to you and says, "You don't say anything either good or bad. that I think that would kind of stall me in my tracks, &gt;&gt; but didn't seem to phase him too much. And when and when Jacob finally was dealing with him, the scripture, the words for the scripture, you have to understand, he was furious. He he it was to burn with anger and to be incense. This wasn't just a little bit of a a tiff. I tell you what, he he had his moment to to tell Laban what had been burning on him for a long time. Now, Jacob giving it the name of the place that of what he was experiencing. I got thinking of how we see things. I thought of Samson and how the people around him saw him and they were rejoicing that they had this champion as a prisoner with no eyes. And he was a sorry sight. And brother Brandham describes it. He was a sorry, sorry sight. It was a pitiful sight. But he says this one more time. One more time. Once more, Lord. And even gave a message title for the prophet of God in this day. So many times he preached once more. And Samson saw a possibility. You know, we're living in an awful dark time. We're living in a time when the church has gone blind. We're living in a time, as I was saying, Sunday, there are momentous things that are happening. And if we looked at just what the world sees or what we see, if we just looked at that, it could be you could be very, very disheartened at what you see. And I'm sure that twinges on you all the time. It does me almost every day. I see things and it's so disheartening. You see things that are inequitable. You see such injustice. It's just monstrous injustices that are happening. And you see people under the weight of it. You see the world trying to live their life. You see the whole way things are going. And whether you look at whether it be the government or the business or the or the education system or you see the young people, I I see I don't like to be negative, but I see some of the young people. I feel so sorry for them. And my wife was just uh talking about, you know, there's some little boys, little boys, young fellas, two of them 13 and one 11. And they brutalized a woman and and I don't know what all they were trying to get her purse or what they were trying to do. And the police actually caught them right I guess right in the act right over here in Burnaby. and they've been having quite a bit of this. Some of them were 13 and 14 and 15. And the police took the 11 year old and it was around midnight at night and went to the home of the parents, got them out of bed and says, "This what your boys in?" They said, "They can't believe it. My boy, my little boy 11 years old." You know, you say, "Is this a world I'm living in where parents don't even know where 11year-old child is and they're in bed and they have what's going on? What kind of a world are we living in?" And if we just looked at that, you could beame, you could become very very That's the way some people have to look at it. But I have to look at something else. I have to look at I have to look at the covenant and say, "This is the way it's going to be. You might as well get used to it. This is the way it's going to be." And this covenant says, and you might as well repeat it, it's not going to get any better. This covenant says things shall wax worse and worse. Does it not say that? And God is going to fold it up. This whole cosmos, he's going to fold it up like an old garment and put it away. But and this world is not even good enough for the believer to live in. God is going to burn it with a holy fire. And he's going to bring forth, he's going to bring forth a new heaven where there is no demons in it, where there is no television, where there is no radio in it. There's none of this filth in the heavens. He's going to burn the very elements. He's going to cleanse the earth. He's going to cleanse the earth with a renovation and make it over new and then say to his children, "Here it is." &gt;&gt; That's also what he said here in the word. And we might as well say it again and say it again and repeat it again and say it like he said it because that's the way it's going to be. &gt;&gt; That's what Jacob was saying. &gt;&gt; Many of you know right well they they don't have a covenant in this world. They don't know such a thing as a covenant. It's said one way and said another way and and truth breakers. &gt;&gt; Truth breakers. It's just hard to have. And if we looked at that, you could be very very disheartened with it. But we have a we have a different eyesight. And we're seeing some different things. To Jacob, I mean to Laban, it was just a heap of stones. Listen to me, friends. I don't care whether it is your job or or something. What could be more elementary? What could be more just I don't even know what to call it. What what could be more simple than just a pile of stones? But uh to Jacob it was a whole lot more than a pile of stones. This is a special event. I'm here in Mount Gilead. I'm going to call it. I don't care what you call it. Laban, I'm calling it. And Laban to me could be anybody. Could be the world, could be your employer, could be anything. I don't care what you call it. You might just call this a job. You might just call me a servant. You might call me an employee. But I am a servant of God. I am under a covenant of the almighty God. That's what I'm here doing. You might just call it my salary, but I am here serving God. That's what I'm here for. I'm here in this world for a purpose. You might know me as just my own name. I'm just add to you, but not in the eyes of God. And I have a different eyesight. You got to have a different eyesight. You have to see yourself. You listen. Jesus Jesus had great respect to who he was. And he even taught the disciples. You know, they were they may have been passive, but I tell you what, they they weren't just uh they weren't just something to trample over. &gt;&gt; They stood for what was truth and they stood for what was right. And you have to have respect. You have to have respect to yourself as a believer and hold that. You hold it with a with an honor. You hold it with a dignity. Amen. &gt;&gt; Just another moment or two in the message proof of his resurrection. Brother Brown takes this little scene and so often he he draws a scene, a picture and people think you're just telling a nice little story. Oh, there's depth there that we don't want to miss. says in the days when they had slaves and they were in bondage and they were slaves, he says here in the states and Abraham Lincoln died to free the colored man to give him rights not to be a slave any longer. And they were going to be freed at sunrise, too. And he said they were so happy about it knowing that they were going to be free soon as the sun rose. Some of them that were healthier and better physically fit, they climbed up on a mountain. Some could go all the way to the top. He's m he's making a point. Some here might be able to go all the way to the top. I'm talking about this congregation. Some may not be able to make it to the top. And he said some way, some halfway and some all the way down. And as soon as the sun began to peep up, the great strong ones was up on top. And I'd liken today to great strong Christians who rise up into the sphere of the Holy Spirit and those who come along the road under justification and those are way down in the valley of confusion. But he says they raised up and as soon as the ones was high could see it first way off and when they seen the sun rising they screamed at the top of their voice strong ones were higher up they saw the sun just peeping they begin to see what's he talking about talking about people who can see something &gt;&gt; down the way off in the horizon but they see it I'm not talking about vision from the eyes I'm taking from this account what we see spiritually. And maybe some here maybe haven't seen anything for a while. It doesn't mean that the sun is shining. Might be that you're just too far down in the shadows. Oh God, lift me up. Let me rise up. Let me walk up. Strengthen my body. Strengthen my spiritual legs. Give me stanma and stamina. And let me rise up and see what is shining. The light that is shining. I tell you sometimes I come to the pullpit and this last this last week I knew what I was going to preach and by a long time along about Friday I was I said you know it's just a roadblock just like a wall in front of me and I can't I can't move forward and God just shut the door and in the meantime I just began to get a a burden in my heart and you know the scripture says the burden of the word of the lord it starts that in Malachi the burden of the word of the lord the word of the lord actually has a burden brother Brandham in the message way of a true prophet he said came down the prophet Amos came down uh down the hill and coming down and he looked over Israel saw Israel all spread out before him he said had his little bald head uh beaded with prespiration and he come down and said his eyes narrowed as he looked on the condition of Israel. Israel was prospering. Israel was in a time like perhaps we are. Things are going great and and and and prosperity everywhere and Israel that this is a great this is a great uh society and civilization and we're having a great age that we're living in. That isn't what Amos saw. Amen. &gt;&gt; And Amos cried out against their sin and cried out against their iniquity because he had different eyesight. &gt;&gt; And my brother, my sister, we that have the message. We have a completely a different vision. Don't don't let your vision become affected or don't let it become clouded by what what I say Laban just call a heap of stones. To everyone out there, the job is the job. and and uh wages is the wages and to be able to buy and things and all of the substance that is around us and the work and the opportunities and everything else. You'll have exactly the same thing that Laban had. You'll have the same thing that others but don't look at it the same way. &gt;&gt; It's not just a job. It's not just a business. It's not just an education. It's not just all of these things. That's just the heap of stones. But you see beyond that. Hallelujah. God has given me eyesight. I see beyond that. It's not just the hardship. It's not just the false accusation. You had a falsely accused for something. It's not just a false act. You look beyond that. Hallelujah. Say, "Uh, I I I'm registering something here tonight. Even on this Wednesday night, God, give me a clear vision in an eyesight. I see too many believers in this church affected by adversity. When as a believer supposed to be affected by adversity? None at all. Who doesn't have adversity? We all have it. You're not to be affected by adversity. And you want to take an opportunity as it is in this night's service and say that which is being spoken is of the Holy Ghost. And I I am not going to consider this just as a heap of stones anymore. I'm considering this this evening. I'm considering this time. I'm making this my moment. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Labens are everywhere. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And I can say and I'll say it to you in the name of the Lord. And it's nothing new to you, but I I want to confirm and I want to say it again. The sun's up. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; The sun is shining. &gt;&gt; Rise and shine for your light has come. Not everybody's light, but your light has come and the glory of the Lord has come upon you and has shone upon you. And you can believe it or disregard it. But if you disregard it, it'll just be a heap of stones. That's all life is. It's just a heap of stones. Just a heap of stones. I say if if God gives you a room just to live in, serve God in it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If he gives you a car, an automobile, be always giving. Don't figure out how that betters you. Say, "How can I use this for the kingdom of God?" God gives you uh some status or some education or a vocation or something. Always be thinking about how I can Don't just consider it a vocation. That's just a heap of stones. &gt;&gt; Don't just consider it a business. Don't consider your home just a home. That's just a heap of stones. How can we bless others? How can we be blessing to others? How can I pour my life out to others? Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. I tell you what, friends, I believe that with everything that's in me. &gt;&gt; And your time is not your own time. The time is God's time. And just say, "I'm here as a servant. God's given me so much time. I don't know how much time. God's given me so much strength. I don't know how much. God's given me some days. I don't know how many." You say, "Well, oh, that's all right for you, Brother Ed. You're down there. You're preaching your your you know, you're you're preaching your lungs out and all the rest of it." I can tell you something friends that that that is the way that I believe. I believe it with all my heart. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Believe it with all my heart. I've told you before. I just tell you these little accounts because sometimes you forget and then others grow up. I was I was just a young man. I got I got a new car. I got a new car. It was uh uh I had a partnership with the bank and they owned the most of it, but I had control of it and we didn't have the streets you have out here. No, we were kind of in the backwoods and I I just had this car. It was red and white and old's mobile and uh I picked up kids for Sunday school to take to church. And there was one family, did they have kids? When you open the door, they just came out like, you know, rabbits. I don't know how many they had, but Oh, and uh how many know what gumbo is? Good. Northern gumbo. Mud, your bootstick in it. I've gone across the street more than once and left my boot there and was standing in my stocking feet in the next step. That's how it sucks your hangs onto your boots. Well, I I And this car had red carpets. I remember that. It was white and red color outside and had red carpets inside. Probably one of the nicest cars I could have ever had. I think it was I think my father-in-law thought it was a foolish investment. And looking back, I would agree with him. But we young people, we like new things. New, clean, you know. And here I pulled up to this house and I just kind of cringed because I had to run across this muddy yard and climb into my nice brand spanking new car with red carpets. And whoopee, here they come, you know, just piling out of this house. And I had to put the seat forward cuz it was just a two door. I'll never forget it. And they all had rubber boots on and they started piling into the back of this car and mud was going on the seat and mud was going everywhere and I just had to remember this car was dedicated to the Lord's work. You know it this might be an account for you but I I I'll lay it on you. Why don't you try it? &gt;&gt; Why don't you do it &gt;&gt; now? Say amen. go out and down some road and get somebody and invite them to church and bring them in. Hey, we don't want to sit here and be comfortable. &gt;&gt; There's things to do. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; There's things to do. There's lots to do. And I'm so thankful for everybody that takes their part. This church and what happens here can just be a pile of stones. &gt;&gt; Everybody goes to church. All kinds of people go to church. But this isn't just a church for me. If I thought this was just a church, you say, 'Well, you're the pastor. I tell you what, I'd check out of here just like that. &gt;&gt; You say, "Is that right?" Absolutely right. I've checked out of them before. If this was just a if this was just a heap of stones to me, but no. To me, I see Gilead. To me, it's a place where the covenant of God remains the same. meeting after meeting after service after service and the message of the hour remains the same. We're not going to dilute it. We're not going to change it. It's going to be the same. It's a covenant of God. That's what it means to me. More than a heap of stones. I don't care who preaches. Whether it be brother John or brother Lance, brother Tom, brother Da, whoever preaches, I come here with confidence that God's going to maybe I don't hear maybe 90% of it doesn't relate to me, but the 10 that does &gt;&gt; or the one statement that does. Oh my, I tell you what, I whispered in Brother Lance's ear, he's not here, but I I whispered in his ear when I shook his hand last Sunday when he preached. I said, "The Holy Ghost made you say those things." That's what it was to me. The Holy Ghost. What was it to you? &gt;&gt; What was it to you? The Holy Ghost. I trust you can believe it's the Holy Ghost saying something to somebody. Even tonight on this night, we're not here to put in a Wednesday night. We're not here just to fill in a couple of hours. I prayed before I came in here. I said, "God, this is the hour of prayer. This is the hour we come here to hear from you. You speak to the people. Speak to me. take your word and speak to my own soul. That's what I'm here for. That's what my my whole life is is is devoted to that. And I I trust that yours is, too. &gt;&gt; Amen. God wants people who's climbed up the hill, &gt;&gt; gone a little bit higher &gt;&gt; until you become compelled and you you you can't hold your peace and it's something that you see. A lot of people climb the hill, don't see anything, but you climb the hill and you can cry out, "The sun is shining. Hallelujah. The sun is up." And what does that mean? You're free. &gt;&gt; This is Jubilee. You're free. &gt;&gt; This is Gilead. The bondage is rolled away. The formalism is rolled away. Everything that Satan would try to lay on the believer, it's rolled away. The reproach is rolled away. Our service to the world is rolled away. I don't just serve the world anymore in my job. This isn't a heap of stones. Amen. &gt;&gt; You brothers that drive buses, you brothers that work in different places and sisters and all that you have your dayto-day duties. You raise a family. All kinds of people raise a family. Could be just a heap of stones. That's not a r. You're ser you're raising them to serve God. You're praying for them. You're believing for them. And whatever state they're in tonight, you're believing for them because that's what a mother and father does. Believe for them. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. They don't always go the way we want them to go, but you believe for them. &gt;&gt; And God, I I I gave an example before them. I live before them. And my faith is not my confidence is not in what I did. My confidence is in what you have already done. And my confidence is in the faithfulness of the Holy Ghost, &gt;&gt; the mighty Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Tell you what, friends, I'm ready to preach. That's where our confidence in. The whole world has all of their little significant times and all it is. It's a laben. It's a laben syndrome. &gt;&gt; You won't forget that. Just a laben syndrome. The job, the work, all the things, what I need and my bills and all the rest of just a heap of stones. But to the believer, it's more than a heap of stones. And you, that's what will turn it into something significant. And remember, it was the same heap of stones. The same heap of stones that to Laban was just a heap. But Jacob says, "I'm going to give a different name because it means something different to me. I'm here the same heap of stones. It's just a heap to you. Just a job, just a life, just a bunch of material things and so on. I don't condemn it, but use it for the kingdom of God. This heap of stones for me is an opportunity to serve Christ. Opportunity to serve the bride. Opportunity. And that's what we've built this church on. I tell you what, friends. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; All our resources and all the things. We just keep trying to pour it out and pour it out and pour it out and sending these brothers out that go to different places and we're just trying to pour out all the resources and all the help that we can to people who other brothers and sisters. It doesn't matter whether I know them or I don't know them, whether I see them or don't see them. It makes no difference to me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We went to the Philippines the first time and I I saw all those ministers, about 250 I met in about a week's time. I only got to shake hands with a few of them. And I I just I then I learned that they did. Out of 150, 92 ministers didn't have one tape of brother Brandham's out of 150 ministers. You think I could come here? I never went back to the Philippines. I haven't been going there. I don't think it's I don't think I need to be there and preaching and so on. They had hundreds and hundreds of meetings and all kinds of ministry. And I I I I even had a hard time feeling right. I had a hard time feeling right. I go, "What are the ministers doing traveling from different places in the world and and and preaching conventions and conventions and conventions and conventions and then leave and these men don't even have the prophet's message &gt;&gt; and they can understand English for the most part and they don't 92 don't have one tape." You know what I said to myself? What do they preach next Sunday? &gt;&gt; What do they preach? And we said on a mission, get these tapes out. Start duplicating them. Find out whether we duplicate them here, brother. And he says, "There's a man in Florida. We'll try and get them in Florida. We'll get them from Voice of God, whatever. Let's let's order 50 cents right away and get them over there." And somebody says, "We'll donate." A church in Edmonton said, "We'll donate a duplicator." Okay. Well, let's let's get the tape from Singapore. That's where they're coming from anyway. And start duplicating them and getting them. and uh and and we found ourselves in the middle of the fire. We found ourselves in the middle of people didn't didn't see it right. They didn't see what it was we're trying to do and got all kinds of resistance and all kinds of bad things said. I tell you what, to me it wasn't just a heap of stones, not just some tapes. &gt;&gt; People say, "Oh, you know, Biscll trying to make a big name for himself. My how false that is, how untrue that is." and just trying to see that God's bride is blessed. But in the meantime, in the meantime, I have the Jacob syndrome. I'll tell you, it's the last message I preach. I'll tell you, I believe in the Jacob syndrome. If they're if they're I if they keep all the good ones, God will give me the ringstrake ones. &gt;&gt; He'll give me the spotted ones. He'll give me the ugly ones if necessary. But God will bless their work. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. God will bless this. He He'll He'll raise up the prostitutes off the street, the drug addicts if he needs to. He'll take the singles and the single mothers, single fathers. He'll do whatever he needs to do. But his kingdom will succeed. Amen. And I believe in the ones that God has gathered here. I believe in the families. I believe in the people. Whoever God brought here, I say God bless you. &gt;&gt; To me, the congregation here is not just a congregation, not just another pile of stones. I see it as a covenant of almighty God. I see God having kept his word. I see God gathering his bride. And I can say to you, the sun is up, folks. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It's hard not to get enthused, excited about a message that we have. Children, the sun is up. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham to me is not just a prophet either. been like a father to us, &gt;&gt; one they haven't seen, but one that prayed. And Jesus said, "I don't pray for these alone, Father, but I pray for all those that will believe on me through their word." Jesus prayed for you, &gt;&gt; sitting right where you are. You're not just a human body. You're not just a heap of stones to Jesus. He prayed for you. Do you believe John 17? He prayed for you. &gt;&gt; You want to read it tonight when you go home as I did last night and see how many times thou those that thou has given me. Those that thou has given me. Those that thou has given me. Thine they wear. &gt;&gt; I always wear yours, but you gave them to me. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Blessed be the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, how we thank you. Thank you, Lord. This is not just a heap of stones to us. Even this service tonight is not just a heap of stones. It's a covenant keeping time. It's a time when you confirm your word. Oh, it's a time when we have eyesight, the eyesight of faith. Oh God, I pray you'll take this people tonight and that you will invigorate them. I pray you'll fill them with the Holy Ghost. I ask that you'll make every promise, Lord, that they've heard tonight. I pray you'll make it a reality to them. And while others are falling away and while others are committing spiritual suicide, we see it as a great opportunity. Oh, bless your people. Bless your ministers. Bless your servants, oh God. Bless the deacons. I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Bless the trustees. Give them supreme divine wisdom. Bless the school teachers. Lord, I pray you'll bless the Sunday school teachers, our brother Richard. Oh God, bless those that work in the video. Lord, in the sound system, I pray you'll bless, oh God, the people that are out ministering right now. Father, bless and be with our brother Tony and sister Rebecca. Oh God, how they're burning up their energy right now. The mo the least we can do is pray for them. I pray, oh God, for the meetings on Sunday. I pray you'll fill this place with a holy milky cloud of faith upon the people. May signs and wonders be done to the glory of the holy name of Jesus Christ. Oh God, I know that these people support me. Sometime they're quiet, but I know in their heart, oh God, they're feeding on the word and they love your word. We love this covenant. We love this covenant word. The covenant that you've given to us in this time and your promise will never be forgotten. You will certainly fulfill it. And you will bring us, oh God, as a people into a new place and new heaven and a new earth wherein dwells righteousness. Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, we love you. Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Well, let's sing. Let's sing something. I don't have a song. Somebody got a song. Musicians don't have a song. All right. They sang uh I want to sing uh um if I had the only believe book, I know exactly where it is. It was uh living by faith is living by faith. Let's stand as we sing it. Hallelujah. Before we sing it, do you believe it? You young people believe it especially. You believe it? Young ladies, young fellas, you believe it. You think brother Biscll gets excited? You should have seen me when I was about 19. I could jump around those days. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham said he believes it exactly the same since he was just a young fellow preaching it. I can tell you I I see things a whole lot different, but since the message came to me, but since the message came, it's been a wonderful, wonderful time. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. My my my. Amen. All right, let's sing it. [Music] I care not today nor may bring it if shadow or sunshine or rain. The Lord now rooted for everything and all of my worries. Living by faith [Music] in Jesus of God and trusting to finding in his great love. In his great love for all our sins, in his sheltering arms, I keeping my faith and I know [Music] they grow and the storm clouds ariseing the brightness of I never [Music] I'm living by faith. Oh God in Jesus above. Nothing can find in his great love from all our s [Music] in his sheltering. I'm living by faith and a beautiful know that he saved me will carry me through no matter what evils be. You believe it. [Music] If Jesus walks close to my side, I'm living by faith. Jesus. [Applause] Trusting the abiding in his great love from all s. [Music] I'm living by faith. You know how long our will troules will then all behold [Music] us beyond that heavenly shore. I'm living by faith in Jesus of God. [Music] trusting confine in his great love from a heart save in his sheltering arm. I'm living by faith. Just sing the chorus again. We're going to ask our brother Mike GA if you'll come up, brother Michael, and please dismiss the people in prayer. Pray God's blessing upon them. Oh my. Hallelujah. I feel a love of God. My heart in prayer just before I came to the pulpit, it just began to bless me. God is love. He's compassionate. He's merciful. He's forgiving. He's long-suffering. I love all of those things. But above all, God is love. Not the kind of weak need love that we know about, but God loves regardless of where we are or we all have failed. Regardless of what, you know, what our failings might be, God is love. He's going to love us and see us through. and his love will never let us go. I ask you, what will separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus? &gt;&gt; Nothing. Heights nor depths nor trouble or circumstances or heaps of stones or or job or failure or success or sickness or any of this will separate us. No. &gt;&gt; Do we hear it? No. Hallelujah. Nothing can separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus. He loved us too much. Praise the Lord. I'm enthused about it. &gt;&gt; It's wonderful to be loved &gt;&gt; with that kind of love. &gt;&gt; It will not dim. &gt;&gt; It will not change. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I'm living by faith in Jesus. trusting to flying in his great love. Like trusting in your love, Lord. All our faith in his world. Living by faith. Living by faith. Hallelujah. [Music] Bless you with the light. Let's our heads. Our precious Lord Jesus. How wonderful it is Lord God to know Lord that we have received the covenant, the witness Lord, not the Leven syndrome, Lord. How thankful we are, Lord God, that when this message was introduced to us, Lord, that it rang true in our hearts, Lord God, that it spoke to the seed down inside and awakened it to the reality of who we are and what we are, Lord God, and what you expect of us in this day. And Lord, how we are going to rise. We are rising, Lord, to those greater heights in Christ Jesus, Lord God. And we're so thankful, Lord, that we have ministry as we have here, Lord Jesus. Lord God, that we could, Lord, just climb a little higher in Christ Jesus, Lord God, just to come, Lord, to where you expect us to be, Lord God. &gt;&gt; Lord, that bride without spot or wrinkle, Lord, rising to be beside you forever more, Lord God. We pray, Father God, that you would bless each of us, Lord. Lord, to tuck this deep in our hearts, Lord, this treasure, Lord Jesus. Lord, that the world would cast aside. But Lord, that Lord, you had sold all to go and buy that field, Lord. We just so thank you, Father. Lord, that we are that treasure in that field, Lord. And Lord, we are just coming home to you. We thank you, Father. We pray that you would bless us now, Lord, just to ponder on these things, Lord God, and just snug up closer to you. Bless our pastor, Lord, as he would travel, Lord, for the dedication, Lord. Give him strength, Lord, as that 19year-old man, Lord God. Lord, a man of 90 would jump and click his heels. And where were you before I laid the foundation of the world, Lord, give him that supernatural strength, Lord, may you go with the prayers of the saints. Lord, we thank you in Jesus name. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Why don't we greet one another? Not only God bless you. Praise the Lord. Let them know the sun is shining. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You can say it. Don't be afraid. This is your This is This is a place you can worship. You're dismissed in Jesus name. Hallelujah. God bless you, brother Tom. &gt;&gt; Great. Real. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
