################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2005-06-12 - 05-0612M Now Are Ye Light In The Lord Pt-3 By Br Ed Byskal, Pastor; Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2005-06-12
Title:    05-0612M Now Are Ye Light In The Lord Pt-3: By Br Ed Byskal, Pastor; Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 37m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O1s7Am6ZGBE
========================================

Description:
Video-converted message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] I don't know. [Music] Oh. [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] this week. Not a long time, but I was only there for a couple of days. But I can tell you that I don't know that I've had as supernatural a two days as I've ever had in my life there. And um we uh I still to this this point in time I mean I I uh I was standing in front of on a platform with uh some people from uh a Jewish organization that we're doing some work with. And the reason I was over there was specifically for spiritual reasons. And uh there's a group of people that they call themselves which is the first word in the Old Testament in the beginning. And they're working to try to bring the Jewish people back, restore them to their original faith. And uh so Rabbi led a prayer and I can tell you when it was done I mean I was very moved and I said I could I I can testify to you this morning that as brother Brandham said Holy Spirit you know we're in the we're in the days of the Gentiles is over and the Holy Spirit is moving and anointing the Jewish people and I certainly have seen that could testify with my own eyes and when it was done you know you look for things that uh you know that God's been with you. You know that you're just looking for that little, you know, vindication. Lord, is is this you? Is this really you? And I was heading to the airport. The guy picked me up at 3:15 in the morning to go down to the airport. And I'd uh I' I'd met him the day before, Jewish cab driver. Uh and he knew the people that we were visiting with. So he said, "Uh, look, I'll come pick you up in the morning." And, uh, I said, "Well, that'd be great." So, we started heading out and they were driving down. He was asking about what we were doing. So, I told him, um, and I said, "But, you know, we're not we're not Jewish, you know, we're we're uh Christians." And he said, and he his his head snapped around. He looked at me. He said, "Are you a believer?" And I said, "Yeah, I am." He said, "Uh, I became a Christian a couple years ago. We meet with a few people. It's about 48 people we've got. We meet about a half an hour out of Jerusalem. And he said, "Where are you from?" I said, "From Canada." He reached up, picked up a little card out. He said, "Do you know this lady?" And uh and I mean, I couldn't hardly believe it because it was a lady I work with in my office. And uh I said, "In fact, I'm flying a plane right now to Brussels to go meet her and and uh and my boss." And uh that's where I'm headed to Brussels. And uh he said, "Well, I can't believe this. This is just wonderful." And so we fellowshipped over the word the whole time. Uh I went out there and I asked him, I said, "You know, how's your tree?" He says, "It's tough. It's really tough." But he said, "You know, I know God's helped me." I said, "Do you need any help?" He said, "No." He said, "It's tough, but we're doing fine. I mean, a real man of character and uh so I don't think this is any coincidence." Gave me his card and uh we're going to be in contact. and uh he jumped out of his cab, gave me a big hug. He said, "God bless you." It's just wonderful to see another Christian. And I mean, there's not very many Christian Jews over there. So, I just I walked out walked into the airport knowing this was just a vindication. God had been there and we're just we're just so thankful for his hand. And I was singing this little song. We we don't know it, but I got uh I taught it to Sister Linda this morning. You know, the Bible says they that are led of the Holy Spirit, they are the sons of God. And as I was walking over there, I just became very conscious of the fact that God was leading. And if you know this song, you can you can sing it. But these words were just going over and over in my head. Step by step, you'll lead me and I will follow you all of my days. May we can stand together. If you know the song, you can help me. Oh God, you are my God and I will ever praise you. Oh God, you are my God and I will ever praise you. And I will seek you in the morning. And I will learn to walk in your way. And step by step you'll lead me. And I will follow you all my days. Oh God, you are my God and I will ever praise you. Oh God, you are my God and I will ever praise you and I will seek you in the morning and I will learn to walk in your ways and step by step you'll lead me and I will follow you on my Once again, oh God, you are my God and I will ever praise you. Oh God, you are my God and I will ever praise you and I will seek you in the morning and I will learn to walk in your way. And step by step you'll lead me and I will follow you all my days. I will seek you and I will seek you in the morning and I will learn to walk in your way and step by step you'll lead me Lord and I will follow you and I will seek you in the morning and I will learn to walk in your And step by step you'll lead me Lord and I will follow you. And I'll seek you and I'll seek you in the morning. And I will learn to walk in your way. I set you. I will follow you and I will seek you Lord. I will seek you in the morning and I will learn to walk in your way and step by step your leading and I will follow my name. Amen. In your presence that's where I belong. That's where we're strong this morning. In his presence. Let's sing it together. In your presence, that's where I am strong. In your presence, oh Lord my God, in your presence. Oh, that's where I belong, Lord. Just seeking your face and touching your grace in the rock. &gt;&gt; It's in your presence. &gt;&gt; In your presence, oh God. &gt;&gt; Oh, in your presence. It's in your presence, Lord. That's where I keep in your presence. In your presence, oh Lord, [Music] hold in your presence, Lord. That's where I belong, Lord. Just seeking your face, touching your face in the depth of the rock. &gt;&gt; It's in your presence. &gt;&gt; It's in your presence, oh God. &gt;&gt; Amen. I want to go. Oh, I want to go where the rivers cannot overflow me. Where my dear on the rock. I pray Lord. I want to hide where the cares of this world cannot show me. See your presence. Oh God. It's in your presence. In your presence, Lord, that's where I'm from. In your praise, your presence, oh your presence, [Music] that's where I belong. Oh, I'm seeking your face, touching your grace in the cler. It's in your presence, &gt;&gt; in your presence, oh God, &gt;&gt; that I want to hide. And I want to hide where the flood of evil cannot reach me. Where I'm proud by the blood of the lamb. And I want to be where the schemes of darkness cannot touch me. It's in your presence. It's in your presence. In your presence, Lord. Oh my. &gt;&gt; Oh, in your praise. In your presence, oh my God. &gt;&gt; Oh, in your presence. [Applause] [Music] Oh, that's where I belong. Lord, singing your praise, &gt;&gt; Lord. I sing your praise. &gt;&gt; It's in the in the rock. &gt;&gt; It's in your presence, oh God. &gt;&gt; In your presence, oh God. &gt;&gt; Amen. You are my foundation. You are my firm found. I trust in you all day long. [Music] &gt;&gt; I am your child and your serant and you are my strength and my song. You're my song, Lord. You're my song. &gt;&gt; Oh, you're my song and your praise. That's where I am strong. In your presence. In your presence, oh Lord. In your presence. That's where I belong. Lord, &gt;&gt; seeking your face, Lord. Your praise &gt;&gt; in the cl of the rock. In your presence, oh God. &gt;&gt; In your presence, oh God. &gt;&gt; There is none like you, Jesus. No one else can touch my heart like you do. And I could search for all eternity. Mighty Lord. There is none like you. &gt;&gt; There is none like you. Oh, &gt;&gt; there is none. &gt;&gt; There is none like you, Lord Jesus. No one else can touch my heart like you do. &gt;&gt; I can search. I can search for all eternity, Lord, and find. There is none. &gt;&gt; Oh, there's none like you, Lord. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you. I can search for all Eternity Lord that's there is none like you Lord most high [Music] you are the king of glory. Forever pure and holy. [Music] Halleluah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. Hallelu. We come before your throne and worship you all. Oh hallelujah. Sing it to him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Lord we come before your throne Lord and we worship you alone. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh most high Lord most high. [Music] You are the king of glory forever pure and holy. [Music] Hallelujah. We worship you this morning, Lord. You are the king of glory, Lord. There is no one else like you, oh God. Lord, we worship you, Lord, this morning, Lord. You are our king, Lord, and our God. Oh God, Lord, we love you, oh God, this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to your name, Lord. Glory to your name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm going to ask our brother Darren Hoffman. Brother Darren, if you'd come, want to remember it's a testimony this morning from Sister uh Eileen wants to praise and thank the Lord for healing a very bad kidney infection she suffered for for three weeks. Says, "What a mighty God we serve. Brother Tony's requesting prayer. The meeting's in this weekend and next week in Oklahoma and Arkansas. He's going to be back on the 20th of June. And also, there's a request that's come in from Brazil to pray for brother Milton Rosa's mother, Irene Rosa. She is suffering with depression after her husband has passed away. Sister Joan Tomlinson says, "Giving thanks to the Lord for his blessings. She visits and witnesses of Jesus Christ's visitation this day to her family in the interior. Just wants us to remember her in prayer. Sister Claire Walman is asking we pray for her mom Justine Hoffer. Her eyes need a touch from the Lord. She is also very excited about what God did for uh our brother Benjamin Dertie. Uh brother Ryan Hayes is in his final dental exam this morning. is asking for the Lord's help. Amen. And God certainly can undertake and uh the surge has an unspoken request. If you've got a need this morning, you just look before the Lord as we got a prayer. If you're listening in on the internet and have a need this morning, you just take it before the Lord and we'll stand by you this morning. God knows each and every one of our requests. Amen. for the dared if you'd come. [Music] Let's bow our heads. [Music] Heavenly Father, this morning, Lord, [Music] we come with thanksgiving within our hearts, Father. So thankful that we can come into your presence, Lord. So thankful, dear God, that our hearts, Lord, our hearts are bottled up at times, dear God, just desiring to be able to praise you, to worship you, Lord. Father, we just be able to lift up holy hands, dear God, and worship you and sing praises unto you, Father, for truly you're worthy, Lord. And if we don't, dear God, you said the rocks would immediately cry out, dear God. So let these stones, Lord God, that are assembled here today, dear God, each lick of fire, Father, that you have lit in the lives of your people, dear God, help us to, Father, to Lord Jesus, just to be able to give out, Lord God, what you've given us. Be able to express, Lord God, the love that we have on our hearts, Lord. Father, we're here to worship you. We're here to praise you. We're here, Lord God, to just express and to give you thanksgiving for all the things you've done for us, Lord. Too numerous, Lord. How can we even count our blessings, Lord? They're too innumerable, Father, to even to count them, Lord. But we give you thanks, Lord, for daily you load us with benefits, Lord God. And we thank you, Lord Jesus, for watching over us in this evil hour, dear God. For giving us strength, for the pouring out of the Holy Spirit in our lives, dear God. Oh, we thank you for the washing of the water by the word, Lord. Even as we will be washed this morning, Lord. Oh, God, we just thank you. We're such a privileged people, Lord. Lord, that we could stand on such holy ground in your presence, Lord. And Father, we give you thanksgiving. We rejoice in these testimonies, Lord Jesus. For Sister Eileene, dear God, for healing the kidney, dear God, that was bothering her for those three weeks, Lord. We give you thanks, Lord, that you're always a God who is on the scene, Lord, touching the lives of your children, Lord, answering prayers, Lord. Lord, once again, we thank you for Benjamin Dertie, Lord, what you've done for him, Father, and the effect that is having upon others, Lord. Lord, we thank you for, Lord Jesus, these different ones, Lord. Thank you for these prayer requests, Lord, that we could even come and bring them before you, Lord, that we have access to the throne of grace. Lord Jesus, our brother Ryan Hayes desiring wisdom for a test. Our sister Joan Tomlinson desiring Lord the leadership of the Holy Spirit, Lord, with her family. The one down in uh Brazil, dear God, this sister that's needing your touch, Lord, from depression. Lord God, we pray that you will uh give healing um virtue, dear God, to these ones that need healing in their body. I pray dear God you'd bring salvation by those that are predestinated Lord to our loved ones Father to those Lord Jesus that you saw before the foundation of the world that you wrote in the lamb's book of life dear God we thank you for the testimony of our brother Rod that he shared with us this morning Lord we thank you that you're working in our lives father we just pray that you'll minister to each one Lord give brother Tony Lord give him the uncction of the Holy Spirit to minister the word of God as he be in these meetings, Lord. May you so inspire him, inspire the people, dear God, as they would receive, dear God, may they get under the burden of the word, Lord. Father, as he would deliver what you would have him to speak to them. And Lord God, we just pray for every uplifted hand, whether here or abroad, dear God. Lord, we know that you see our heart's desires. You see our needs, Lord. You're so mindful of us, Father. We ask Lord Jesus as the word would go forth this morning Lord through our pastor. We pray Lord that you would send your word to each heart that you would heal us dear God of all our infirmities that you would meet every need in divine presence. Father so anoint our pastor Lord God. Give him strength Lord God to get himself out of the way and help us Lord God. We are needy. We need to get ourselves out of the way, Father, Lord, that we'd put our thoughts aside, the rest of the day, the things that we think we must do, Lord, but how important it is, dear God, just to sit at your feet this morning and to take it all in, Lord, like Mary did, sitting at the feet of Jesus. So, Lord, we pray that you'll be with us now, Lord, as we desire to create an atmosphere, Father, that you'd be pleased to dwell in, Father, that you'd be pleased to come into our midst. just ask your blessings upon the remainder of the service, Lord. Each prayer request and each heart, Lord, we pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You may be seated. Sister Elizabeth Neighbor has a song for us this morning. Sister Elizabeth, why don't you come at this time? We just got uh want to make sure we take the time as well to uh welcome everyone who is visiting with us. We're really happy to have you here. Good to have brother Kim and Sister Hedi down here again with us. And um I understand um Brother Emanuel Gindo says, "My brother-in-law uh I don't know if it's Ellie or Eli has come to visit from London. Be here for two months. maybe we can get you to stand so everybody knows who you are. Amen. God bless you. Happy to have you here. And uh he'll be here visiting for the next couple of months. So we want to make sure everyone makes a real welcome and uh uh as well we want to have a special welcome this morning for brother Andrew Novakowsk's parents from Poland. Uh Marian and Helina Novacowski. We'll get you to stand too so we know who you are. God bless you. We're happy to have you here. Amen. Welcome. And uh any other visitors? Uh you're real welcome here. We got one announcement um there is going to be an important meeting June the 23rd. I don't know what day that is. Couple of weeks from today. uh in the fellowship room at 7:00 for all those who worked in the kitchen at camp last year in both meal preparation and dishwashing uh departments. If you haven't helped out in the kitchen before, would like to, please attend this meeting. Uh although positions may not be available for everyone, they're always looking for new people. Sister Karen Ashdown, if you got any questions, but it's June the 23rd. What day is that? Thursday. Thursday night, 7:00 here in the church uh in the fellowship room. [Music] I have wondered in shame like a sheep from the fold. Many times I have sought my own way. Please be patient while I'm learning to lean on his love and to walk close beside him each day. Lord, please shine your light all around me. so bright that I surely see. I'm just a child who longs to be what you'd have me to be. Lord, please shine your light on me. I don't ever want to be like the one I once was. So proud with a heart made of stone. Always running running away from your love when it calls just to cry bitter tears all the low. Lord, please shine your light all around me. So bright that I surely see. I'm just a child who longs to be what you'd have me to be. Lord, please shine your light on me. The day is coming. You can be sure the Lord will come to claim his own. I want to be one that he finds standing true. I want to hear him say, "Well done. Enter in, faithful one. Here's a robe and a crown just for you, &gt;&gt; Lord. Shine your light all around me so bright that I surely see. I'm just a child who wants to be what you'd have me to be. Lord, please shine your light on me. &gt;&gt; Lord, please shine your light all around me. So bright that I surely see. I'm just a child who wants to be what you'd have me to be. Lord, please shine your light for me. &gt;&gt; I'm just a child who longs to be what you'd have me to be. Lordly shine your light on me. [Applause] Amen. Thanks. We uh want to walk in his will. Amen. And have his light shining on us. How many believe know that his light has shone? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Your pathway. Please open up your eyes so you can see. We want to let's um sing together number 2484. Um brother Biscll is going to come and we've got a baby dedication this morning. When he cometh when he cometh to make up his jewels. Let's sing it together. When he cometh, when he cometh to make up his jewels, all his jewels, precious jewels, his love and his like the stars in the morning, it is bright adorning. They shall shine in their beauty right for his last little children. Little children who love their jewels, precious jewels. His love and his soul like the stars of the morning. His bright glorious. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. area. Stand right over here. Brother Brandham said it's uh concerning raising children and having having babies come into the world. He was saying that it's like uh didn't say it was like a revolving door, but something that's revolving. There's new ones coming and as new ones come some go off the scene or kind of fade out put out to pasture and uh I'm waiting for that pasture. I'm kind of looking over over the fence right now that pasture. Uh we have sister Roseanne and brother John McCafferty which of course is known to all. and they have their young one here, Justin Paul. And we're going to be dedicating him in a few moments. I want to I want to direct some comments to both the couples and then sister Liz and brother Gretchian Novacowski and they have their young one Katie Anne and Katie being in the Greek is pure and an in the Hebrew is meaning gracious. Now I think it's very wonderful that brother Gretchen's grandparents were able to come just arrived. So that's really wonderful. I want to uh address some thoughts and uh it's it's not only for those couples that are standing here but for all of us and I believe it's very very important and I would like to say to each of you according to the scripture you're building a home having children is building a house but it's not with mortar and bricks and lumber and nails. You're building it with a home and children provide something. They provide an opportunity for brother Brandon makes a big point of love. And he talked about children, he said when they when they scream and have a have a big fuss. Sister Roxan, he said what they really need is love. And he said, "You know, some some doctors, they call them like a witch doctor." He said, said, "Let that baby scream." No. He said, "Don't let grandma touch it." No. He said, "That's wrong. Hold it and embrace it and love it." And that's what they need. That's what they really need. And I know when couples get up here, they get so nervous over is it going to be good? Is it going to cry? Is it going to whatever. Well, if it ever does cry and scream according to the prophet's message, just love it more. do he said don't leave it lay there and just scream pick it up and love it and that's an opportunity for love that's all part of building a home and I think a home is actually built on love and uh what Solomon said through wisdom is a house built and by understanding it is established and raising children Gretchen sister Elizabeth brother John and sister Roseanne is a full-time job I don't need to tell you that but it's a full-time job it not only to be loved But it is an opportunity to train to train the child. And brother Brandham says we're just one by one we're revolving down just like pilgrims traveling through. And uh and Solomon also said that we need to train up a child in the way that he should go and when he's old he'll not depart from it. These are our I think a real privilege and honor that we have today. And the Bible is really your precise book of instruction for raising of a child. And uh I just have another quote here I'd like to refer to. Brother Brandham referred to Moses is Dr. for Moses. And he said, "We really need his satchel. We really need his briefcase." Cuz he said, "There were a lot of babies born in 2 million the night they left to go into the wilderness." And every day there was a lot of children born when they went into the wilderness. And he said, "But in his satchel he had he had some prescriptions." And I thought of you two couples this morning. You will need what he had in his satchel as a prescription. When these children are not well, I am the Lord that health thee. And the instruction of the word of God that was given to Dr. Moses is still the same prescription today. And you have the best medical book. You have the best instruction book there is in the world right here. And so may God bless you as mothers and fathers with the prescription book of the of the word of God and that which Moses had. Amen. I'm going to take Justin Paul. Now you're going to come to me Justin. Of course you going to be a preacher. It's a microphone. Might use that someday. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, for Justin Paul, we lift him up as your prophet said. We lift him up. We lift these children up to bless them in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And as you, oh God, have given them, given Justin Paul to my brother John and sister Roseanne, now as I lay my hand upon him, I pray that you'll keep him in health, watch over him. I dedicate him to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Watch over him all his days and on that day he will gather with us. Hallelujah. And the circle shall not be broken in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Hey Justin, God bless him. God bless you, Sister Rosanne. God bless you, brother John. Katie Anne, is this your first one? I I knew that, but I just thought I'd ask anyway. Amen. So wonderful that brother Gretchen's grandparents are here and uh so as this child's grandparents on both sides are here with us this morning. So we're going to lift Katie up to the Lord in prayer. Lord, I am holding this treasure that you have given. You have deposited this treasure into the home of Sister Liz and brother Gretchen. You gave her to them because you believe that they would instruct her right. And I pray that they will take oh God the prescription that was given and that Dr. Moses had when this child oh God no doubt at there'll be some time it's upset may not be well may be attacked physically then may they take the prescription I am the Lord that health thee God I pray that they will take the instruction of the word of God and pass it on to this child may this child be loved father may it be watched over and provided for and I know that it will. I have confidence in the mother and father. I pray father now you'll receive as I dedicate Katie and to you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Bless her with bless her with good health. Bless her in the name of Jesus Christ. I pray with salvation at the time when it becomes accountable of its own life and decisions. And we commit her to you now. and may she always have the peace that she's experiencing at this moment in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, Gretchen. You're learning how to hold her. God bless these parents. Amen. I uh we we were really blessed to have a attend the graduation of our graduating class this year. And uh I wonder if the grad graduates that are present if they could stand please where they are. Two. All right. How How many are we here? One, two, four, five, 6 7 8 9. All right. I'm going to ask you to do something else. I'm going to ask you to come down here in front. Now, the reason I did that is because some of them don't want to do that. We had uh nine of young brothers and uh three of the sisters had been a really a fine class. I want I want the congregation I mean this congregation you know you you weren't able all to be there of course okay I guess everyone wasn't able to be here who are we missing it &gt;&gt; oh Stephen Okay. Yes, that's right. All right. Well, this is part of them. There's a couple that are missing. I want I want you to know these students are my they're accomplished. They had the things laid out that they did and their achievements and everything else. And it just made me despondent reading it. where they're going and their ambition and what they've already achieved. It's been really wonderful. But the other thing is which I think was really remarkable is that every one of them had something in their uh future ambition that had something to do with serving God and serving Christ. And I want the congregation to sing uh with us. All that I have and all that I am. And we're singing that. And I want you graduates to think about it. Not all that you are right now. You got students here that are just so diligent. And I can say one more thing. Not very many, not very many have been birthed and raised under the sound of this voice, this message. And you young people are so privileged. And I pray that this will be a dedication of your lives as well. All that I have and all that I am and all that I ever can be. All that I am. All I am, all I shall ever can not repay the love that I [Music] surrender. Just once more as a prayer. Would you sing it with me? All that I am, all that I am, all I shall ever be. It cannot be made the blood that I [Music] surrender to thee. &gt;&gt; I'd like if you students would just turn around, face me if you would. I'd like the congregation to bow your head if you would with me. I want to pray for each one of you. Almighty God, these moments are not to be taken lightly. These moments, this moment, Lord, will not perhaps occur again just like it is now with these young men and young ladies that are standing here. Father, as I spoke to them the other night, I know that at one point or another, while they move through life, while they have been in their schools and in their places of learning, some have been homeschooled, but they each one have spent many, many hours and days here in the house of God listening to a message. Each one of them have a Bible and they have read your word. At some point in time, Lord, I believe you have already cast the mantle of the word upon them. Something was different at that moment and they can never be the same. And I pray, Father, if it has not taken place, that you will indeed do so. I ask that you will guide them with a supernatural light. I pray that you'll protect them and watch over them. And oh God, preserve them from the wounds and the scars of the world and the enemy. And may they ever, oh God, take the few simple words of this course, all that they have, all that they are, and all that they ever will be, let it be dedicated to you from this day forward in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless each one of you. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. You may be may go to your seats now. Allan, God bless you. God bless you. Bless you, Rebecca. God bless you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We've got time for these things. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Our trustees are we've had uh very very wonderful trustees that have borne a lot of responsibility here for the church. There's so much that happens on behind the scenes and they were feeling a need of of adding some trustees to the board just to help us and assist in the kind of work and the amount of work that we have to do. And so we have added three and the uh process the trustees felt certain brethren on their heart and and I felt also likewise and I approached these brothers three of them brother Jim Douly, brother Chris Peterson and brother John Briner and we asked if they would pray about it and some of them prayed for quite an extended period of time and we just waited. Nothing was rushed and if they should feel the confirmation to serve in that capacity and each of them have agreed to do so. And I would like to recognize those brothers if they would please stand. Brother Jim Douly where do we have brother John please? And I wonder a few brothers would come down if you would if you would please. We'd like to have a word of prayer. Is Brother Wayne here? Brother Wayne Coral? Yes, brother Wayne. I wonder if you and Brother Bob, Brother Ken, Brother Rod would uh join these brethren here. We've actually only met once uh officially and now I would like the congregation because many of you perhaps are newer and maybe don't even know who serve in this capacity. But these brethren put a lot of hours and a lot of time and bear a lot of burdens and they make decisions on behalf of the congregation to be stewards of God's house. And I can say that if you can see the church is not in debt. The uh the church itself is debt-free. The properties which have have been added to two homes have been paid for and have been a a continual blessing. the school is not in debt and uh the church as a church you have funds in the bank. We've tried to be real astute. The missions and I can tell you it it I'm moved this morning. The missions is incredible. Just absolutely incredible. It's not in debt. It ran at a deficit last year because we of the additional places where we felt to h help people that are less fortunate than us. And so we've taken from the tithes of the church to give the word out to others in other countries and I believe that would be honorable. But everything is paid for and you people are debtree. And if and when God if God should call me and if my heart should stop and I should be called, I want you to know by God's grace and by the uh burden of these men. I've been able to go to them. I've called them at any time whoever I call and they will make themselves available quite often. Some of them are out of town. Brother Ken travels quite a bit. Brother Rod travels, Brother Jim travels. But we need it so we can have three or four so we can call on them to help us. And actually, they're helping you is what they're doing. Caring for the church. So, I just want the congregation. We very, very rarely do this. And I don't think I've ever done it quite like this. But I'm thankful to God for men whose lives are dedicated and freely give themselves in their time and their effort and their own at their own expense often. So I think we could stand and together and I'd like you to join with me hearttoheart if you would and thank God for God giving us brothers such as we have. Almighty God, we are so thankful that you have brought individuals into the kingdom of God that have a heart and a desire to serve you in various capacities. And as your prophet said, not all can be ministers and not all are deacons and not all are trustees, but we all have a place. We all contribute. We all, oh God, are members of the body of Christ. This morning, Lord, I want to ask your special grace upon these brethren that are trustees. And may they ever serve, oh Lord, your bride, your body, your blood purchased people. Serve them, oh God, with dignity and with integrity, with sincerity. Lord, I pray their lives continue to be consecrated and may their love for your word intensify and increase. Oh God, I pray the spirit of revelation and wisdom will be upon them. And when they're called upon to make decisions, may the Holy Ghost give them the gift of wisdom, Lord, they might know what is the correct choice and the correct decision. We thank you as a congregation. And now Lord, as we soon will be turning to your word, we ask your blessing upon the word. We ask your blessing upon all that are all that are uh uh active at this moment so that others around the globe and around the world can hear. Lord, I pray that you'll bless those that are listening this morning and streaming. I pray that you'll bless our sister Marge Miller. Oh God, I pray that your presence will fill the room, Lord, with a holy, holy, sacred light, oh God. And I pray you'll fill her body, Lord, with a resurrection virtue, the token evidence of the resurrection, Lord. We're asking you raise her up, oh God. Dry up, oh God, the tumors in the name of Jesus Christ. May that perverted life deceased, oh God, and be separated from her in the name of Christ. And all others who might be in need. I pray, oh Lord, this meeting will be an unusual meeting and that you'll meet with us in a special way. In Jesus Christ's name, bless, oh God, our conversation together and our fellowship and the service this morning, now and tonight. In your name we ask it. Amen. Amen. God bless you, brothers. Thank you so much. Wonder if we can just sing together. What we have is a pillar of fire. Did John Jonathan and Sarah get back? Jonathan and Sarah &gt;&gt; not here yet. &gt;&gt; They're not here yet. All right. What we have is the pill of fire. [Music] church again to us. [Applause] So he will resurrect his so [Music] what we have is the pill of fire. We're going to sing it one more time but just before we do couple more things. our brother Morris and sister Glattis Cochrell. Uh they feel led. I don't know if I feel led, but they feel led. They're going back, moving back to New Brunswick. They have family in the east in Toronto and also New Brunswick. They're burdened for their family. When they came here several years ago, they told their f children that we, well, we might go for a year. And now they've been here, I don't know, several years, about six I think. And now they're on their way back. We're going to miss them. &gt;&gt; And uh but they said, "We're not leaving the church. This is our church. And we will be streaming every service." I uh get a get a real wide band and a fast cable or whatever it takes so you can be right with us and we'll be thinking of you all the time. God bless you and give you a safe journey. And we had a thanks from brother uh brother Paul Neighbor and sister Heidi uh because uh they wanted to thank the congregation for all the prayers that have been lifted up on behalf of Sister Heidi and she's doing well. So God bless you for that. Next week, this next week, would you please I would ask you to be please mindful on u Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Thursday, Friday, Saturday are going to be like all day uh events that are taking place, studies and uh and s messages and services that'll be taking place in in Serbia. And I just have received this letter on email and I want to share just a little bit of it with you. This actually came from not from Serbia but from another country in Europe. And this is what I said. I have heard you plan to visit ex Yugoslavia. I was moved to write you a few words again. With a few lines, I desire to express my thoughts to greet you in the name of our savior Jesus Christ. Thanks again for all you have done for the people in former Yugoslavia, for helping the small groups of faith on the Balkan, and for supporting so many families in need. May the Lord recompense to you that selfless devotment and all those years you and your fellows have invested in that small spot of land. That's to you. It might be you have gone through many sleeplessness sleepless nights and also through painful experiences considering that land. But one thing I would like you not to forget, there are a few men and women, a few families who love you because of that and are still carrying on in their prayers. Thank you for all. It was worth every effort because those brothers and sisters, me and my family included, found Christ through the endurance and love you brought in that message. I hope it will be a small and sweet uh reward for you looking into people who fall in love with Christ through that message and I hope you will enjoy the trip and sojourn with those nice people in unionizing the body of Christ. Shalom my brother. Uh never stop preaching the truth for only the truth sets us free. Thank you for doing it. and he closes will walk in the light, the beautiful light where the dew drops of mercy. Amen. Is it worth it? It's worth every bit of it. All right. We're going to have you turn in your Bible if you would to First John uh first chapter and we'll just read uh some verses starting with verse 5. This then is the message which we have heard of him and declare unto you that God is light and in him is no darkness at all. If we say that we have fellowship with him and walk in darkness, we lie and do not the truth. But if we walk in the light as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another. And the blood of Jesus Christ his son cleanseth us from all sin. I will just read this while you're standing. In John 12:36, while you have light, believe in the light that you may be the children of light. These things spake Jesus and departed and did hide himself from them. Walk in light while you have the light. And then in Ephesians which is our inheritance chapter chapter 5 and verse 8. For ye where sometimes darkness but now are ye light in the Lord. Walk as children of light. And that is the title of these messages. This is a part three of now you are light in the Lord. And then also Ephesians 5 and 15. So then, so then they, so then that ye walk circumspectly. See then, I'm sorry. See then that you walk cir circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise. Amen. You may be seated. There's considerable in the scripture concerning walking, and I'm going to just give a couple more scriptures if you're jotting it down. 1 Corinthians 5:17. But as God hath distributed to every man, as the Lord hath called everyone, how many? Everyone. There's not a person here excluded. You cannot isolate yourself and say, "Well, I'm not part of that." You are part of that if you are a believer. And uh it says that God has distributed to every man as the Lord hath called everyone. So let him walk and so ordain I in all the churches. Apostle Paul said in Colossians uh Paul said as you have therefore received Christ Jesus so walk ye in him. However you received him when you received him you remember that time. You remember the freshness. You remember how how wonderful it was. You remember how pure everything was. I've seen I've heard people say the grass was greener, the flowers were brighter, the the smell and the fragrance was just wonderful. Everything was so fresh when I came. So walk &gt;&gt; continue in it. &gt;&gt; It's it it is intended to be that way. And he said in Romans, "Therefore, we are buried with him by baptism into death, and we are having baptism tonight." Uh we're so thankful for the young people as they get baptized. I don't know if you know it and I don't know if you can appreciate it as much as we should. I don't know whether I can appreciate it as much as I should. But when I consider the number of young men and young women and children, do you know that there's close to 300 in this church from the juniors and the seniors? The junior camp is about 130 and the senior camp's about 130. And that happens to be uh uh uh something that has been achieved by no one other than God himself. &gt;&gt; And God must have a plan. And that is why service after service, I always find that there's a there's an element of a service regardless of what the meeting is like. There's an element of that is pointed right towards the young men and young women and the young uh element of the of the congregation. And I want you to know I think that that is wonderful. &gt;&gt; Absolutely wonderful. And so we are buried with him in baptism. And like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the father, even so also uh we also should walk in newness of life. Paul said again in Romans 8:1 therefore now there is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. In 2 Corinthians 5:7 he said, "For we walk by faith and not by sight." How many can say amen to that? We walk by faith. You've experienced it. And not by sight. And Ephesians once again and walk in love. This is not an option. This is a commandment. Walk in love. Would God require something of us if it was not possible? No. He has has made this absolutely within our reach and possible to us. And furthermore, it's your inheritance. And walk in love as Christ also hath loved us and hath given himself for us as an offering and sacrifice to God for a sweet smelling savor. And uh repeat again, if we walk in the light as he is in the light, then we have fellowship one with another and the blood of Jesus Christ his son cleanseth us from all sin. There are six words in the New Testament in the Greek in the New Testament there are six Greek words which refer to walk which are used for the word one English word walk and it's very significant these six words but in this case if we walk in the light as he is in the light John uses the one word and it it actually encompasses the entire realm of of our spiritual walk and our spiritual life. The particular word which he used and the word which he used I found was very very unique and the reason why I found it was so unique was because it comes from uh several other uh several other words. It has a very very unique uh part of it. Just give me a moment here. Uh, and it has it it comes from a very diverse root meanings and I want you to get it. I'd like to have had it in a PowerPoint, but I just didn't have sufficient time to do it. It's so much clearer when it can be visual for you. But in in the in the the word itself is simply to make one's way to make progress to make due use of opportunities to regulate one's life and to conduct oneself to pass one's life. So now I'll just review that for just a moment to make progress to take make and make use of opportunities as they're presented to you and to also regulate to have discipline in one's life and to conduct oneself as they pass through life. So the word it used encompassed all of our spiritual and what we might say natural because there's nothing natural to a spiritual person. I don't care what kind of work that you do. It's all within the realm of your spiritual life and your spiritual journey. But now then it comes from two very diverse root words that I want you to catch this. This is not a study as such but I want to establish this in order to be able to preach uh what what is really on my heart and I I was very very touched with these things. The first the first word is from and I just touched on it last last Sunday. The walk is not merely a walk but it is it is to tread down and to tread underfoot. It is uh it it has the whole connotation of of uh being victorious in struggle uh not giving up. This is not a you know this is not just a Sunday afternoon walk. This is a determined direction. And so we could say determined in in regulating one's life, determined in our conduct, determined in the opportunity that may be presented. Don't don't just run wild with opportunities or like we say on Wednesday night there may be a dark hole at the end which is a sephiler which has been prepared a trap a snare not all opportunities Satan he can cast he can cast roses in your pathway or thorns one or the other but if we keep constant with this in our mind that that we are going to progress we are going to move forward ward. Be it in opportunity, be it adversity, be it uh uh be it in health or be it in sickness or be it in plenty or be it in want or whatever it is, I'm going to make progress spiritually. Nothing is going to move me from this goal. That's what Paul is talking about. Walk in in the light as he is in the light. And so then and then this uh the second part is now that that's the first part. All right. It's coming from that direction. We're treading down. It is to advance by setting the foot upon to to tread upon to encounter successfully the greatest perils the greatest perils of resistance. You've had resistance. And what Paul is saying, keep walking. &gt;&gt; We don't stop because you face resistance. You will face obstacles. The prophet said, you know, we're not called to a picnic. You are called to a battle. You young people that have just graduated. You're going to sail out into into uh the, you know, the future. But I can tell you, there are storms ahead. &gt;&gt; Don't give up on the walk. You will have opportunities, but don't let the opportunities sideline you from the walk. Keep walking in the light. Because if you let Satan lead you by the nose, you'll find yourself in shadows. You'll find yourself cooling off and you'll find yourself soon in darkness. &gt;&gt; That's exactly if if he can have his way. He'll separate you off from the fellowship of God, from the word of God, and you'll be so busy and and that's the way the world is. The world is that way. But we need to, you know, reassess things every once in a while and reorganize things once in a while and regulate regulate our lives according to the word of God. And so that is the first. It's not only to walk. It's not only to make progress. Not only to regulate, not only to continue on in all circumstances of our life, but it is also now second. Secondly, it is to tread upon to be victorious. That is what that is the word that John has used. But I love this other root word. It's actually a couple that have to do with this walk. And the one is we are doing all of this because or on account of there's a there's another degree another angle to this. We're not just taking seizing upon opportunities, walking in the light as he is in the light. Uh uh facing our adversity or or maybe no adversity. We might have fine fine fair sailing for a while and just keep moving on. Don't let anything detract us. Don't let anything uh uh turn us aside. And we just keep moving on in a way that we know is pleasing to God. But we're doing all of that because or on account of. It's a one Greek word on account of. And the next one which that comes from is because the other side. We're doing that because of the other side. We're doing that. And that word actually comes from piercing through. We've got to pierce through. This is where it finally and that's where that's where the meaning of the word runs out. That runs out. We are walking in the light. We are conducting ourselves. We are fellowshipping in this word. Whether it's persecution or whether it's compliment, whatever it is, whatever the circumstance, we're doing it because on account of that there is a piercing through to the other side. &gt;&gt; There's a goal and that goal is on the other side. And now the word ends out of it runs out of meaning. And I can tell you friends, it runs out because when you pierce through to the other side, when you pierce through the curtain of time, when you pierce through from mortal to immortality, that's what it's all about here today. &gt;&gt; That is why you're sitting here. Now, you know, whether they be young people going to school or businessmen and business housewives bringing up the children, we're doing it all in service to God. And the whole purpose, the whole objective is to walk, continue to walk in the light. And the Apostle John is saying, and how well he knew, you're going to have to tread upon serpents. You're going to have to tread upon the neck of the enemy. You're going to have to have lots of opposition and you will have opposition. Every believer will have opposition. I believe every day there will you'll feel the powers of darkness and resistance. But we're not we're not concerned about that. We're walking in the light. &gt;&gt; And the reason why we're doing this because there's an on the other side. There's something on the other side when you've arrived there friends. And that's really what we're here for. That's what it's all about. When we have arrived there, I I don't know what it's going to be like exactly, but I can believe with everything that's in me, there's going to be a tremendous release as though I've arrived home. &gt;&gt; There's going to be a tremendous relaxation. &gt;&gt; Oh, there's going to be such a feeling of freedom, &gt;&gt; such a feeling of liberty. The reality of the prophet said, "Realization of realization." I'm sure we're gonna scream out something. You're going to say something. I've arrived. You're going to say, "It's over. Hallelujah." You're going to thank God. Praise God. Thank God for Calvary. Thank God for my brothers and sisters. Thank God for the ministry. Thank God for whatever. Thank God for the messenger. Thank God for everything that he did. I've arrived. &gt;&gt; And that's where the word runs out. That's what it's all about. Brother Brandham tells about a king, one of the kings of England, and he said one night a saint baptized him. Baptized the next morning apparently after this had taken place. He said they were sitting by a fire and it was a great they had a great fire going on over a a great I guess said large mammoth big place where the logs were laying and the saint was trying to tell the king about God and a little sparrow finished his sermon because the sparrow in the nighttime flew into the dark and into the light and went back out into the light and into the dark. And the saint raised up and said to the king, "Where did he come from and where did he go?" And he stopped and he brother Brandham said, "That's what we want to know. Where did we come from? And what are we doing here? And where do we go from here? Now friends, those few those short three sentences encompasses every person. And whatever state you're in, if you're drawing breath in your body, this is what concerns us. Where did I come from? And what am I doing here? And where do I go when this is all over? And my counsel to you is that you take every word of the service this morning. And you see that every footstep is a determined footstep and stay in the light. And if you see it goes into the shadows, if you got a question about it or a doubt, remember a doubt, a doubt is a shadow. &gt;&gt; And if you got one doubt and another doubt and another doubt, and that's exactly why Satan threw the serpent asked Eve a question because the question cast a shadow right away. And if people's got lives and and if your life is full of questions, what about this and why does that happen and why is that that way and why is that person this way and why is this? I say put away those questions. They only gender more questions and those questions gender more shadows and more darkness and you'll finally find a person walk and stumble in darkness. They're in confusion. But the believer, they have a certain assurance. What's assurance? It's light. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It's a it's a confidence. It's a peace. It's a rest. To me, all of those are associated with light. And he and brother Brandham went on and I really felt moved as I spoke about this. He said some time ago he was out west and he was standing in a man's house and he'd been invited there for dinner. And the man said to him as as brother Brandham was in his house, Brother Brandham, the man said, "I see that you're you're interested in this sculptor, this sculp uh this uh it was a sculpture that he had over the fireplace." And he says, "Yes, I am." And it was a it wasn't a painting, but it was a a a sculpture of an old ox cart. It was covered. It was an old covered wagon with oxen and a man in front and a little boy sitting on the seat with his mother. And they were traveling. And he said, "That was my father and my mother. And the little boy on the seat is myself. He said, "We came here in that ox cart." But since then, we have so prospered. He said, "I want you to step out in the yard." Brother Bram, step out in the yard with him. He said, "I," Brother Bram said, I forget how many thousands of acres he owned. And the man said to him, he said, "I own the adjoining ranch to the west. I join I own the adjoining ranch to the south." And he said, "You see the smoke over there?" Yes, sir. That's a city. And I forget how much property he owned there. And he said, "I'm the president in the bank there." And telling me all that he had. Brother Ram said, "I listened for a while and I said, 'I would like to ask you one question, sir. You have pointed to the east and to the west, showing the ranches, and you pointed to the city." He said, "I would like to have you look this way and see and tell me how much you own up there." And he said that is the main thing. &gt;&gt; So folks, it's not what we achieve here. It's not what we can appoint to his accomplishments here. It's not what we gather or is gathered around us here. Whatever God gives you here. And he goes on to say, "This is a short stay here." &gt;&gt; And how how thankful I am as I speak about the young people here, but I hear and brother Tom said mentioned at the graduation that they have already said 1,200 1,200 students at graduation. 1,200 lives will be extinguished in their parties and thousands will be maimed and injured and whatever more and we have with one calamity after another. We hear of four being extinguished yesterday and burned beyond recognition and we hear of it all the time. You that have been raised up under the message, I tell you before God, you want to thank God you are where you are. &gt;&gt; And all of us here, what whatever, be it a a believing husband or a believing wife, you want to thank God that they're not out someplace in some bar or someplace. We ought to say, "Thanks be to God for the grace of God that's been poured out upon us." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And he say this is a short stay but that's an eternal stay there. This is a short one. And he goes on to say so I think we ought to consider where we're going for eternity. He said if we can supply that has to do with these things here and fix our families and so forth here on earth with homes, houses and comfort and education. That's the things we should do. But the one and the main things we should do, we leave undone till we get to the end of the road and drown ourselves in an eternity knowing nothing about God. Well, I know that that is not the case here for the most part. But I these messages and these things that are being said are not just for this moment but also for tomorrow and next week and whatever is before you. These are to be guiding lights to your future from here to up there. Amen. &gt;&gt; And we he when we get to the end of the road and I I say to this congregation and all that are listening to me today, we don't want to drown ourselves in an eternity without God about his plan of salvation and redeeming grace of Jesus Christ. He said it's pitiful if we do. But but some would do, some do, and that's so so unfortunate. You have appeared here at this season, at this time in uh in the history of the world. You have appeared here according to a conceived plan of almighty God. &gt;&gt; You're not an accident. &gt;&gt; You're here by design. &gt;&gt; And God, if you're a seed of God, he arranged for you to be here. He actually thrust you out. caused you to appear &gt;&gt; and and and here's this piece. We might say, "Well, we're just a little piece of clay." But God pushed you out to be a reflector. &gt;&gt; God caused you to appear. And even that word to appear, the pheno in the Greek, caused you to appear so that you could shine. &gt;&gt; And you can only shine with the light that God has given to put in you. We don't have a light of ourselves. We don't have our own light. But God has promised to shine in us. And Jesus has said, "You are light." And you'll never know how much light. You don't know where it goes. You don't know how far it scatters. You don't know the effect of it. But as I've been speaking this, that light has power. That light has intensity. Some will not like it because it will uncover their evil deeds. Some will not like it because it shows them up and it shows the difference between darkness and light. And if their deeds are evil, they will not like it. But you are not to change your course. You're not to soften it up. You are light. You're children of light. Walk in the light as he is in the light. For then when we do that, we have fellowship one with another. And the blood of Christ cleanseth us from all sin. Amen. &gt;&gt; Also, as I mentioned, the resurrection was associated with light and uh prophet preached how he has been raised out of history. Why did he have to be raised out of history in this day? They put him in a stone tomb when he was here in his physical visitation going to Calvary. But and you can go to the tomb. It's right there in Jerusalem where brother Rogers came from. You can go to the tomb. I've gone to the tomb. I've gone right where they declare that he laid. And it certainly has ever every appearance of being that way. It's right it's right at Gol Gotha. You can see the uh you can see the skull, the shape of the skull. You can see the place on the hill where the cross are. And nearby it says there was a garden. And the garden is right below it. And there is the there is the tomb. And it's a it's a a place to a moving place to visit. And I there's just certain feeling about it. But the prophet has said that is the proof that our that Christianity is the truth because we have an empty tomb. &gt;&gt; And now he also said that when he died, you died with him &gt;&gt; and when he was buried, you were buried with him. That is not just poetic. God saw you go to that tomb &gt;&gt; and God saw you come out &gt;&gt; on the Lord's day on the first day of the week. God saw you come out resurrected. And that is why brother Brandham could only say, "You are already resurrected." It's not that we're waiting for a resurrection. You're already resurrected. And those that fall asleep in Christ are already resurrected. They only await the moment, the time, the season. When when when God's clock hits the right moment, then the dead in Christ shall rise incorruptible. And we that are alive and remain shall be changed in the moment, in the twinkling of an eye. That's what we're walking this walk for. &gt;&gt; That's the purpose of it. Now, I appreciated the song Sister Elizabeth, Brother Jeremy sang. I don't know if there were others singing, but I I heard their voices and the words. And the prophet Nehemiah said, "Yet thou in thy manifold mercies forsookst them not in the wilderness. The pillar of cloud departed not from them by day to lead them in the way and neither the pillar of fire by night to show them light and the way wherein they shall go. Now I come to a segment that I want to really drive home to you. This light is a leading light. &gt;&gt; Say we walk in the light. That light might be here today and might be over there tomorrow, but we are to walk in the light. The children of Israel and Moses as their prophet was responsible to lead them where that pillar of cloud went and where that pillar of fire went. When it stopped, they stopped. &gt;&gt; And when it moved, they didn't say, "Oh, well, uh uh we'll catch up with you." &gt;&gt; And God told them, "When it moves, you move. Hallelujah. I say that when when God opens up more of this word and when God touches you with something by the Holy Spirit and I'm trusting that to this morning that will happen in if not all the lives and hearts a good number that are here that the Holy Spirit will speak to something someone something direct and something specific and soon as that happens you want to say I will move with that &gt;&gt; I will move I will I will take a determined step. And if it and if I have to step on a on the neck of the enemy, if he gets in my way, I will do so. I'm taking a I'm taking a conquering walk. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Help me out now. &gt;&gt; We're getting to an important part here. This is a leading light. This light has been sent with the intention to lead and all the way through. I can take you all through the scripture. The angel of the Lord, listen to me closely, please. Is the angel of the Lord, you hear that term term often, but the angel of the Lord is the personal presence of God himself. I'll tell you my brother, my sister, that angel of the Lord is not only his personal presence, but it is what God has used. He has used that presence to identify his people and to lead them and to show them the way as Nehemiah said. And I'm going to take you quickly through the scriptures. And the angel of the Lord in Exodus appeared unto him in a flame of fire. Notice it wasn't in a black cloud, but it was in a flame of fire in the midst of the bush. And he looked and beheld the bush burned with fire and the bush was not consumed. In the 32nd chapter, now that was how Moses was initiated into his commission by a flame of fire. In Exodus 12 and34, God speaking to him, now go. Now, therefore, now go lead the people unto the place of which I have spoken unto thee. Behold, mine angel shall go before thee, and nevertheless, in the day when I visit, I will visit their sin upon them because they had rebelled. And many of those that God was even tenderly leading died in the wilderness. No friends, you do not have to die in the wastelands of Leodysia. If you do, it is your own doing. It's your own doing. I would I would watch and put ask God to put a watchman over my thoughts. &gt;&gt; Don't let me think negative thoughts. Amen. &gt;&gt; Don't let me live in shadows. Don't let me live in a world of question. Let me live in a world of assurance. &gt;&gt; Let me live in a world where I know where I stand. &gt;&gt; Don't let me live in a world of been affected by my youth or by what I experienced in my home. Some are here from broken homes. I say to you in the name of the Lord, that is not to affect your walk. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You may have unsaved parents. You may have unsaved children. I have find parents in this message who are affected because their children are not following what they stood up for all these years. You have no mandate to lessen your walk with God regardless of what your children have done. No mandate whatsoever. Your mandate is to walk in the light. Your mandate is to be purposeful in your walk. Your mandate is to be a light to those that are not walking in it yet. Amen. &gt;&gt; That is your commission. That is your responsibility. You have a responsibility before God. If someone comes and even speaks to you and you see that it is not coming from a direction of light, it is your responsibility to shed the light. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And cast off darkness. &gt;&gt; And don't be a receiver of that darkness. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The light is a leading light. I want to just take a quick summary of the personal presence of God to our time. When God called Abraham, it had to do with a move and he did not promise him an easy time. No, he did not. &gt;&gt; God did lead him and God did bless him. Amen. &gt;&gt; God attended to Abraham through his journey throughout his journey. God met him in different forms in the form of Melzdc in the form of Elohim. And Abraham was absolutely certain that this angel messenger would also direct his servant Eleazar to find his son Isaac a wife. He was absolutely convinced this this God called me. He has met me. I have talked to him &gt;&gt; and he's not going to leave me here high and dry. &gt;&gt; I'm now old and now my son needs a wife. This God that led me here is not going to leave me here forlorn, forsaken, and abandoned. This God is not leaving you in the midst of your trouble or adversity or whatever it is you might experience today. I say in the name of the Lord, we do not have a God that leaves us and forsakes us. We do not have a God who will deny his word. I say to you, God is with you right where you are today in what situation you are. And I say, have faith. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Believe &gt;&gt; and do not doubt. &gt;&gt; Don't let your heart be filled with doubt. &gt;&gt; Don't let your heart be filled with question. &gt;&gt; That's only bringing more shadow. And God through Abraham, he spoke and God sending out Eleazar. He said, "The Lord God of heaven," now hold on because I'm just building up here. I want to get this. The Lord God of heaven which took me from my father's house. Notice where he starts when he's instructing Eleazar. Now you're going to go. Abraham's been in his he's in his walk for many many years now. I shocked the people down in Alabama when I told them. Do you know how many times and what length of time God actually spoke to Abraham? I timed it out. I read slowly. In 25 years, it amounts to 12 minutes in the Bible. So now the next 25 years you have, if God treats you like he treated Abraham, you have you you can't you can't expect any more than 12 minutes. Say, "Oh Lord, don't leave me. 12 minutes I feel like I'm forsaken." That would only be just a few moments in a day. No, we want more than that. But it was it was just a short period. And Abraham goes back and he says, "The God that took me from my father's house and from the land of my kindred, he took me, brother Brandham said, he took him, he had his kindred there, he had his friends there, he had his associate there, he had his family there, and called him from his comfort zone. And he swear to me, he said, saying, unto thy seed will I give this land, he shall send his angel. In other words, he will send his light before you, and thou shalt take a wife unto my son from then. He was so convinced, you shall do it. &gt;&gt; Now, Brother Brandham makes makes reference back then. I'm just moving forward to our time in the message, Time of Decision. He's talking about Eleazar, Abraham's servant, and he said he wanted some kind of assurance. And he kept questioning. He kept questioning, "Oh, what if the woman won't come with me?" See, that cast a shadow on his commission. What if the woman won't come with me? He said, when I tell her these things, what if she doesn't come? Then what? Then he had to make a decision. He says, "Then when he heard from his master's lips, when he heard from his master's lips, the angel of God shall go before you." And I don't know in your heart of hearts I hear so many wonderful moments that I share and you share with me and what you have spoken to myself and whatever my life and my ministry means to you. But I felt to say to this congregation this morning, his angel shall go before you. And you might say, "How can you say that, brother Biscll?" I'll tell you why I can say that. And I have very, very good reason to say that. The truth is and the fact is you are you are here because the angel of the Lord that came to a prophet messenger and commissioned him sending him and brother Brandham continues here when he says the angel of the Lord shall go before you and he stops. Oh, I like that so much. It just fits my case there. &gt;&gt; That fits my case. What he's saying in plain language, that is me. &gt;&gt; That is what I'm called to do. Get And he said in a message of shame to him, go get my son a bride. &gt;&gt; That do you believe that's his commission? Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And &gt;&gt; what called you? What drew you? &gt;&gt; What has what has moved you? And he said, "The angel of the Lord shall go before you." And brother Brandham puts it in this language. And I love this language. The angel of the Lord shall go shall go before you as Abraham said, "And he will persuade her." Amen. &gt;&gt; And if you are here, &gt;&gt; you are here under the sound of this message, I have to believe at some point in time something got a hold of you. It was like the mantle of Elijah upon Elisha and he began to persuade you. You had obstacles. You had resistance. You had fight in you. You had reasoning. You had all kinds of reason. But the angel, you wonder what it is. What got a hold of me? What held on to me? Even when I fought like a fish on the line, what was it? It was the angel of the Lord persuading you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He was persuading you. It is the truth. &gt;&gt; And as you walked in it, you found out it was light. Oh, this is a light. I'm walking in a light as a glorious light. The angel of the Lord persuading you. Oh, I love that persuasion. &gt;&gt; Let us be persuaded. Let us be moved. Let us be influenced by that angel of the Lord. &gt;&gt; The Bible says of Christ, they which sat in darkness saw a great light. &gt;&gt; And to them that sat in the region of the shadow of death, light has sprung up. &gt;&gt; Amen. As Paul journeyied on the road to Damascus, he came to Damascus and suddenly there shined round about him a light from heaven and he fell to the earth and heard a voice unto him. The others didn't hear it. I told you young people in the graduation perhaps a moment you felt just as strange something happened in a service at a camp. So many of you said it was a camp one of my most memorable moments. I would like this today to be a memorable moment for you. And you felt something. You felt a urge. You felt a persuasion and you thought oh it and brother Ben says sometimes we just put it off. Well, that's just me. Maybe you felt really moved inside to even squatchch it and put it down. Don't do that. This angel of the Lord is he's so timid. It's a Holy Ghost. It's the Holy Spirit. And he's so timid. He's such a gentleman. Brother Brandham says, "And this light that came and shone, Paul, who was Saul at the time, heard a voice. So I do not say that this is just a light. This is a light that's a leading light. It has led all the way from the beginning. It's the very nature of God to lead his people. This is a leading light. This light has a path. This light has a program. This light has a has an agenda &gt;&gt; to put it in our language. This light is not just a shining light out here someplace on the on the roadway. This is a light with a thought behind it. This is a light with a design for your life. &gt;&gt; And it's a light with a voice in it. Amen. &gt;&gt; And this scholar in the midst of his his particular situation which was absolutely going full boore against the Christian early church. And that voice said, "Saul, Saul, how clear it is." &gt;&gt; Others didn't even know anything's going on, but he hears a specific message to himself. Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? And furthermore, it revealed the it revealed his own condition. It's hard for you to kick against the pricks. He was having a hard time, but yet to the outside man looked like he was right on top of things. He was in command. He knew what he was doing. Sometimes we can be we can exhibit a lot of confidence and a lot of self asssurance and so on so forth, but God knows our insecurities. Amen. &gt;&gt; God knows your little complexes. &gt;&gt; God knows what's really down there &gt;&gt; and he wants to point you away from that. &gt;&gt; He wants to give you an overcoming experience over that. And today I would adjure you in the name of Jesus Christ. Take a step and step on that thing that is hindering you and come out from it &gt;&gt; and take another step for this light has been sent to lead you away from that and have you victory over it. &gt;&gt; God does not expect a people to walk through this life browbeaten and barely making their way and so on so forth. God's people have always been a bold, courageous people. always have been. &gt;&gt; It's hard for you to kick against the pricks. And then in Zachchariah, and it shall be one day, which you've heard this perhaps hundreds of times. It shall be one day which shall be known to the Lord, not day nor night, but it shall come to pass. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It shall come to pass that at the evening time it shall be what? &gt;&gt; Late, &gt;&gt; not shadows. This is a prophecy. &gt;&gt; Which has come to pass. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; In the evening time at sunset when it begins to grow dark, it'll be light. In the late message, man running from the presence, brother Brandham now relates and he goes back at the beginning. He said, "I stood down there on the river bank and we're singing the old song on Jordan's stormy banks I stand and cast a wishful eye to Canaan's fair and happy land where my possessions notice what they're singing about. cast an eye to Canaan's land where my possessions like he said to the rancher. You look east and you look west and you look to the city and you look to the bank. So, I'd like you to look this way. &gt;&gt; And they were singing that song and many were being baptized. And when they stood there and witnessed that morning, he said, "That morning star." &gt;&gt; Amen. that morning star coming down out of heaven circling around that said, &gt;&gt; "A light with a voice in it." &gt;&gt; Not just a light, not just something that even the cameras could catch, but a light with a voice in it. And the voice said, "As John the Baptist was sent to forerun or to bring to forerun the first coming of Christ, your message will forrun the second coming." Amen. &gt;&gt; How could it be? How could it be thought? But all God's words are true. Another light. This message at its very beginnings is identified with light. &gt;&gt; A light that will lead. A light that will introduce. &gt;&gt; Why do you have an introduction? You make an introduction. You walk up to somebody and you have someone in between because you don't know who this is. It's all a mystery. &gt;&gt; You're in total darkness. Who is this? I don't know. Where do they live? I don't know. Where'd they come from? I don't know where they going. I don't know. But then uh who whoever introduc the messenger says, "Oh, brother Bisco, this is brother so and so. He just came here from Zimbabwe and he's on his way to London, but he's going to spend some days in Vancouver and he wants to fellowship with you." Suddenly the whole purpose of the whole purpose of the man's life the whole thing all comes into into focus. &gt;&gt; That who introduces also dissolves doubts. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'm preaching a little bit like a lawyer now. I'm expecting you to catch the rest of it. He who introduces is supposed to dissolve doubts. He's a dissolver of doubts. There was a man, a king, a great king. I don't want to take time with him, but Belichazar, his name, son of Nebuchadnezzar, powerful man of all, we could go on and on and on and describe his power and his wealth and all the rest of it. And he calls in all the fair ladies and all their beautiful, I suppose, Egyptian silk gowns and from what all the wealth of Babylon. We had a minister here once that described had studied that palace and the columns and how they had carvings of ivory of elephants and the columns sat on the elephants and and on carvings of tigers and sat on those monstrous huge gorgeous place. He felt there was no one, no one, how quickly God &gt;&gt; can cause a man's joints &gt;&gt; to be loosened in his knees to shake &gt;&gt; and he sees a hand, but he can't see where the hand goes and comes from that raise a question and the hand begins to write and the writing is in a language that he doesn't know and he's filled with question. This man who felt so uh assured and so strong and so confident and so victorious and so wealthy and so powerful and so respected, so admired immediately was in darkness. &gt;&gt; What does it mean? What does it say? Where'd it come from? And his wife came. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There is a man. &gt;&gt; There is a man who's a dissolver of doubts. &gt;&gt; Amen. bring us that man. And I want to tell you, glory, by the way, and all who listen to me, that very spirit, that very life that gave Daniel and caused him to be a revealer and a a dissolver of doubts, that's the very one that is leading this bride body of Jesus Christ. There isn't any other one that could bring these secrets out of the word of God like this. It is the angel of the Lord. that angel. &gt;&gt; And if you walk in that light of the word as it's brought to you, you'll never be in darkness. &gt;&gt; You'll never be in shadows of doubt. And Daniel told him what it was. And instantly they want to make him a great man. Brother Brandham was in South Africa. And he and he says, "I and now I watch here. He is now and like to know if he was this way, would it not be wise for us?" He feel God's presence come into the building. He says, "Then he watches." Because he is a man, he said many times, "He's just as helpless as you or I, but he would watch." And God knew he had a man that was so simple and so humble that he would watch for that presence. And he says, "And I see that light move over somebody." and it'll stand there. I'm soon going to close, but I'm just where I'd like to start. I have absolute assurance that that same pillar of fire was on the Ohio River, that same fire that was in the burning bush, that same spirit that spoke through Daniel, that same light that came when Jesus shone to the Gentiles, that same light that was on the road to Damascus, I have absolute confidence the same light is present here today. &gt;&gt; And that light has been sent to guide us. And I'm trying to be real sensitive this morning. Here's a prophet and he said, "You see that light?" I have actually stood here at the pulpit and seen God come directly to an individual just at an instant of time. I cannot always explain what it is. I can't explain the full purpose of it. I don't try to, but no one can ever convince me that God didn't strike that person's soul at that very instant. Brother Brandham said, "I'll watch it and it'll move." Think of it. the angel of God actually amongst the people and move and stop and stay over an individual. Oh God. Oh God. And there's times when you say he looks out there now. He said it's all just milky white. Why? He I don't recall him ever saying it's just a big black cloud over the people. But when the people would come in one accord and one mind and and their spirits are blending together and and all pulling one way and for one purpose say oh it's a so it's just a great light that's over the people. I say Lord don't let us live where we are living today. Don't let us know what we are knowing. Don't let us have experienced what we have experienced and live in some dismal gloomy place that he talks about. But let us live in the bright light of the sunshine under the glow and under the leadership of this angel of the Lord that's been sent with a divine purpose. &gt;&gt; Some men I know of went hunting in Alaska. One of them was a one or two of them were ministers. And while they were driving out, they were talking about hunting and the game and so on so forth. And this this one man, he was so assured. They had never hunted with him before, but he had such such assurance and you know, I mean, he he he knew so much about it and everything. And so they they just understood from his conversation that he was a man of the woods and there wasn't much that he didn't know about it. So when they got uh got to where they were going to get, they unloaded and started unloading their stuff. And this brother, they're all believers. All not believers of the message as such. The message wasn't here yet. It was in the 50s. And this man says, "Uh, okay, you fellas, uh, you you set up camp and I'll go and check out I'll scout the country out." So, he's gone just a little while and they're setting up camp and putting up the tents and whatever more and all the rest of it. And after a while, they heard and heard a whistle. And as one brother was just going to whistle back and the other brother says, "Don't do it. He's lost. I bet he's lost." And pretty soon it wasn't whistles anymore. It was yelling at the top of his voice. And these brothers, they never said a word. And the thing was, it was so close. So they they they crawled over one little knob, just little rolling knobs like that. Just over one little knob into one little dip on as they're coming up the other knob. They hear he was right there and he was on his knees. God, you get me out of here. I'll go to Africa. I'll go to some I'll go wherever you want me to go. You just get me out of here. There he was. just a just a few yards from his camp. We may smile at that, but that's exactly where a lot of us get. &gt;&gt; We start straying off and then we get a little ways and and we just get off into the shadows of where am I? Where am I? The problem is you just stepped out of the light for a short time. Amen. &gt;&gt; You just got into the shadows for a short time. And all you really need to do only this time, you won't have anybody pulling a joke on you or putting you to a test. Lord, help me. &gt;&gt; You see where I am? And here I am in this service. And I've heard this message and I've heard this word. And I've heard and I believe with everything that's in me. You believe it on the balcony. You believe with all your heart. This angel of the Lord has been sent to me as an individual. I see him move. He said, and he comes and moves over this person and and stops there. You know, friends, I hope I can impose this upon your mind. And I hope that I can get it down into your soul. I would like you individually to say to this omnipotent God, this omnipresent God that fills all time and space, if a prophet could see him move over one individual and stop there, surely you and I can say, "Oh God, oh God, I believe every word of it and move over me and don't just move over me, but stop &gt;&gt; and let me abide in the warmth of your presence. Do what you would have done in my life at this time. Do it, oh God. All that I am and all that I ever can be. I just give it to you now. And I'm closing with this. They tell us, they tell us that Venus, which apparently is in the sky right now, but they say it is so bright, and that Venus goes on a certain course, a certain orbit, and for a certain period of time, and I have it all here, but I'm not going to bore you with it and take take up time in the service because I want to But they say that on on on its trajectory on its journey during certain months it is the morning star and it hangs it's the brightest and it hangs there and then it goes and it's hidden and we don't see it and as the earth moves and Venus comes back into view then it becomes the evening star and he says they're they are both the same star and uh brother Brandham said in God hiding in simplicity. Actually he said this but I'd like to start preaching just now. He says the world standing in space and the north pole up or the south pole up. Which one is it? See he says oh the morning star and the evening star. It's both the same star. And he identified the morning star. Christ Christ himself is called the day star. And the day star in the Greek is a word phosphorus. And that word in Greek actually says Venus. That is the meaning of the word in Greek. It's Venus. And it is also as you know it identifies identifies light. And brother Brandham refers to the morning star and refers to brother J apostle John not apostle John but John the Baptist identifying Christ in shalom. He goes on to say now I say to the church and you are part of that church. He says to you shalom. &gt;&gt; God's peace. Peace. Every true Hebrew when he meets another it's shalom. In other words, good morning. &gt;&gt; God be with you. God's peace go with you. It's a good morning. Said it's the breaking of the day, church. It's darkness upon the people, but it's good morning to the church. Christ is appearing amongst us. Shalom. Peace. Shalom. And he speaks about Catholicism and what Rome did. You know what he says about 20ome times? He says they took down Venus and put up Mary. &gt;&gt; The light, the brightest, took down that light and put up an idolatry, &gt;&gt; put up a darkness &gt;&gt; instead of the light. And the scripture tells us until the day star arise where in your hearts. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You're sitting here this morning. We're closing now in a morning service. You've sat through another service. You've listened. And I'm praying now that the spirit of God, that the angel of the Lord will now take these things that have said been said and now begin to expand it into your heart. That the light will just begin to permeate your entire being. And that you will go from this place with a wi with a a consciousness and a a a sacred sincerity. You'll take it from my heart. God, I believe what I heard this morning that it is indeed your angel. I see it all the way back in the scripture, but I don't have to go all the way back, but it was in my time and it was in my day. And you said it and you've raised up some people. You've raised up some men and they have echoed it out. And somehow, whether it be my parents or whether it be my husband or wife or whether it be my friends or some of my family, somehow everybody's story is different, but somehow I came under the sound of this message. I came under a great radiant light. And when I did, it exposed me. How many can say it exposed you? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It exposed what it was. It exposed the error. exposed the falsehood, exposed the sin, exposed everything, and uh and the darkness fled away. &gt;&gt; And a prophet could say to you, "Good morning, &gt;&gt; cuz the day star has risen in your hearts." &gt;&gt; And I am here today to tell you that day star arose in your heart to lead you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; To He has He has a way. He has a direction. He has a certain path that he wants you to go in. This is a leading light &gt;&gt; and it's a light with a voice in it &gt;&gt; and that voice has the answer for your question or your dilemma or whatever it is you may face. I've been listening to that. I've been listening very very attentively and I'll tell you why I've been listening. This is get personal now. Sister Biscll and I spoke on it on the way to church. You can't manufacture that voice. You can put yourself in a in in a place and you can get yourself and you can be conditioned and you can create an atmosphere. I can tell you if you just keep going, you know, full bore and you just your your own world and your own activities and where I'm going and what I'm going to do and what everything else, you won't experience it. &gt;&gt; You got to stop and be quiet. &gt;&gt; You got to get quiet. You got to get next to yourself. You got to get on your own little backside of the wilderness. You got to have your own time. I say to you young people, you haven't got homes, you haven't got payment, responsibilities, you haven't got a lot of those things, make make good use of that time because the day will come where you'll have you'll have to pinch and squeeze every minute that you have. &gt;&gt; But I've been I remember as clear as I'm standing here today on behalf of Sister Marge Miller and she's listening right now. And Sister Marge, this is what I've been really seeking God about with everything that's in me. And I desire it's everything within me. But you know, God is so sovereign. I remember the day that Sister Marge Miller came over from Vancouver Island where they where she was living then working in the hospital in Duncan, British Columbia I believe it was and the doctors had diagnosed her with lupus disease which is a terminal illness and went sent her to a specialist and the specialist confirmed that she had lupus disease and she came over journeyed over on the ferry. I don't remember whether she called me or talked to me. I just can't remember whether she came and saw or just called me on the phone. I believe it was in the service. But then we came to church and we were in the service in the log church and God spoke to me. I can't even tell you exactly where, but I think it was in the little study and said these words, "Call Marge Miller and curse that thing." That's all it said. And we came to the end of the service like we are right now. She was sitting right about where Sister Ida is and I said, "Sister Marge, come forward." She came forward and I said, "God told me to curse that thing." And I tell you, it was no big excitement. There was no emotion attached to it. We just laid hands on her and cursed it in the name of the Lord and it was gone from her body. She went back to the same specialist and back to the same hospital. There wasn't a trace of it. And she's lived all those years till now. And now she lays there and they tell her she's got tumors in her lungs and they're giving her a chemo through the IV. And I was sitting there and I think, "Oh, God, you did it before. I just don't I don't understand everything. I don't understand." But I know it only takes just one moment from you. Amen. &gt;&gt; It only takes just one moment. &gt;&gt; He's sovereign. He's sovereign, folks. And I can tell you that moment when that those moments come, they're so priceless, they'll stay with you all of your life. What do you want to do? If I can, if I could, if I could just this morning somehow foster in your heart from this day forward a softness towards him and a hunger, a thirst, as the prophet said, that is painful &gt;&gt; for him. I will feel I have done my service and my duty this morning. And I'll say, "Lord Jesus, I did everything I knew to do to have the people invite you and to have a closer love relationship with you." And that what I feel is my whole purpose in life. and and and then if you should have him respond to you in a special way. If I could just help create the conditions. You might be rampaging your own direction, but even this morning now, there isn't anyone. There's no one that's beyond his reach and beyond not only his love but his yearning. And I can say to you in the name of the Lord, he that called me from my kindred and called me from the life that I thought I was going to live and said, "You be here." and came and settled right here when there wasn't another believer that we knew of sitting here. If you'd have told me then there's going to be a few hundred people gather here, I'd have said, "You don't even know what you're talking about. I'm expecting to go out of here any day. The prophet's gone and the message has been released and I'm going out of here any day." But that wasn't his plan. And that light just kept leading and just kept leading. And I know that that light is leading this morning, Brother David. I know that light is leading, brother Billy Joe. I know that light is leading and I know that's how come you're here. And he intends my last words that you will walk confidently under his leadership and under his light until you finally pierce the veil. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. and you'll penetrate. &gt;&gt; You'll pierce the veil and you will have fulfilled what John said. Walk. &gt;&gt; You're the light. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; As he is in the light and we'll have fellowship and every step the blood of Christ will cleanse us from all sin. &gt;&gt; We look up where our possessions lie. Father, your ways are not our ways, your thoughts are not our thoughts. Your plan and your program is far beyond ours. And I don't know everything that you want to do this morning, but I would say do it. Accomplish it. Normally, we would close about this time, but I doubt if that's going to happen. I would ask oh God that the very presence that very presence more than a word but an atmosphere and the aura of a being that very one that came down on the river and that very one that's been leading ever since. Oh God my father. And as I was studying how the words kept coming to me, shepherd of Israel, oh great shepherd of Israel, be our shepherd. And causes us your sheep, the sheep of your fold to be really attracted to our shepherd, the great shepherd of Israel, the great shepherd of the flock. Oh angel of the Lord, spirit of the living God, come, I pray, and hover over each one. And as you do, Lord, as hearts are made prepared, I pray that there will be things that will be accomplished, things that will be done, confirmations made in hearts that have question and doubt. They perhaps don't know exactly where they stand. Just reveal the secret of their heart, Lord. And I pray that you have done so during the service in name of Jesus Christ on on Jordan Stormy Banks. I'd like to I'd like to sing that. You don't even have to look at the words if you don't. I'd like you to keep your mind on the Lord. You may be here and said, "Oh, Brother Ed, I just need some help this morning. I need an extra boost somehow, and I am moved. I'm stirred very deeply. and I I would desire that you and the church and others would pray with me and pray for me. You don't have to come forward. I'm not asking you to do that. You can if you wish. That would be fine. If you want to spend some time in prayer, I can't think of anything better to do. It's better than eating. It's better than drinking. It's better than dinner. But you just mind the Lord. Just do whatever you feel in your heart to do because that's what he'll respond to. [Music] On Jordan stormy banks I stand and cast a wishful eye toward Canaan fair and happy land where my possessions lie. I am bound for the prois land. I'm bound for the prois land. All who will come and go with me. I am bound for the prois land. I am bound for the prois lamb. I'm bound for the prois land. All who will come and go with me. I am for the pro. You know folks as we look east and as we look west and we look and we see our job or we see our responsibilities we see our homes we see our families and all those things are necessary and brother Brandon says that's those are standard those are things that we do and the comfort of our families but so much of our time is spending looking east and west and north and south. I would like to ask you let's look up. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's look up where our possessions lie. And then as we look at one another and say, "Come and go with me." &gt;&gt; Come and go with me. It's on the other side. And God has admonished us in his word. And you heard this morning, walk conquering, walk with a resolve, stay tight with the word, and keep walking. And one day, as sure as I'm standing here, one day, fellas, sooner or later, but one day, we're going to take one step and the veil will be right here. And you'll have this foot in time. And you'll have this foot in eternity. You'll have this foot in mort mortal life. And you'll have this foot in immortality. We're here for just a very short time. It's a very short time. Where did the last year go to graduates? &gt;&gt; And I talked to a brother. He said, "Five years? Where did that go to this brother this last week? Where did the five years go?" I said, "Exactly where the next five is going. &gt;&gt; Just a whisper and it's gone. I am bound for let's stand. &gt;&gt; I'm bound for the pro. [Music] I am down for the pro &gt;&gt; on Jordan stormy bank and cast a wishful [Music] [Applause] [Music] I may not get to speak to all of you the way you are this morning. Some of the graduates are going different places. Maybe Jonathan is going to Phoenix. Is that right? And I don't know, brother Jess may be going someplace for a short time or whatever more. I don't know where where life will lead you. Don't forget if this would be my last service, don't forget this. The darkness also has a plan for you. He who abides in darkness has a plan for you. And brother Bisco's heart is gripped this morning to be violent with the enemy that he who has a a design for you will not achieve it. &gt;&gt; I want to prevent him of the wounds. I want to prevent him of the shackles. I want to prevent Satan. And I do stand in the name of Jesus Christ with this entire audience and oppose the plan and the scheme of a enemy. There's too many here &gt;&gt; that have a testimony. Can tell you what those bands feel like and what that slavery is like. They can tell you what that drink is. They can tell you about alcoholism. They can tell you about drugs. They can tell you about all these attributes of the world. I say I say cast him out now. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Don't entertain his suggestions. Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm given over to walk in the light as he's in the light. [Music] [Music] When shall I reach that happy place and be forever blessed? When shall I see my father? [Music] &gt;&gt; I am bound for the pro. I'm bound for the pro. [Applause] All who will come and go with me. I am for the prois land with her heads bowed. And if Linda, you'll continue to play that. Oh Lord, I don't know if there's something about this song. No doubt something about the words, but there was also something about the people that were gathered on the bank. They had heard, I suppose many of them had already been baptized or sprinkled, but they had heard a word that said they should be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And they were there obeying and one after the other walking into the river. And your servant and your messenger, one you'd call as your prophet to this generation. And then came a light, oh God, and a voice and a light. There was something about that atmosphere. And it was also the timing and the season. And now we're in that season. We're still under basking under the leadership and the guidance of that light. And I want to thank you, oh Lord, if I could just speak in some angelic tongue and give you the praise and the honor that you're due. Our lips are so feeble and our tongue, oh God, is so incapable of describing what's in our heart. But you that have led us thus far will lead us all the way. &gt;&gt; You that have brought each one that is sitting here today, oh God, do not allow them to escape the intensity of your presence as I feel now moving amongst the people. Oh God, do what you desire and do what it is that will be pleasing to you and do what it is that you can look upon and smile with your such a glorious smile of approval. There are those that are needy here, Lord. Those that dwelling in shadows. Oh, how I feel sorry for them. Oh Lord, I would do anything I could to lift them out of that dark place and let them walk. Oh God, where the saints have trod. Lord, our time has slipped on. We have a service coming this evening, but we don't want to shorten up what you would like to do. So, Father, I pray that you'll dismiss the people as they quietly leave. And as they greet one another, may it be beating in their heart. I'm bound for the promised land. I'm bound for the promised land. Oh, won't you come and go with me? I'll meet you there. I'll meet you in the morning. I'll meet you just inside the eastern gate. I'll meet you around the marriage supper table. I'll meet you there in the presence of our King and our Christ. I'll meet you there. Oh God, let that presence be surrounding everyone and permeate everyone as we will dismiss from this place. Dismiss us in your grace. I pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Oh, who will come and go with me? I am bound. &gt;&gt; Why don't we shake hands with one another? I am bound for the promise. I dismiss you in the name of Jesus Christ. I just dismiss you. We are dismissed in Jesus name. [Music] might [Music] change. [Music] Are you [Music] Lou, [Music] Lou. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] strength [Music] of the Holy Spirit. [Music] Please. [Music]
