################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2006-01-25 - 06 0125 Prophet Opticss Pt-3 Br Ed Byskal; Cloverdale Bibleway, BC-Canada - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2006-01-25
Title:    06 0125 Prophet Opticss Pt-3: Br Ed Byskal; Cloverdale Bibleway, BC-Canada
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 0m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3NdxoOCLjM
========================================

Description:
Video-converted message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. Good evening. I want to welcome everyone tonight name of our Lord Jesus Christ. That's what we've come to do. Amen. To worship our our God. Amen. Our redeemer. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Why don't we uh turn the screen on to number 246. I like to sing blessed be the name of my rock. Amen. You love the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Aren't you glad that uh we know we've read the end of the book? We know that Satan's defeated and we know where we begin. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Everybody seems a little quiet this evening. I can't do quiet, so you're going to have to help me out tonight. All right. Amen. Let's sing start with the chorus. Blessed be the name of my rock. Oh, who drains my hands. might be forever. Oh, bless [Music] again. Oh, bless the name of my rock. Raise my hand because forever [Music] well proclaimed his word to I [Music] might [Music] never be my say Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my god. [Music] [Music] and bless my blessings. [Music] [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. If you're in the bow for the Lord and right, keep on the B firing line. &gt;&gt; No. 2441 G2. If you're in the border, [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. I walk by. Oh, God alone. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] might get the best. [Applause] Oh, how crazy. Heat. Heat. [Music] glor [Music] when we get to heaven from you. [Music] [Applause] Oh, how great we have just [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] My father one more time [Music] you go and [Applause] Amen. Praise God. Let's sing that little chorus. Take the whole world. But give me Jesus. [Music] &gt;&gt; Take this whole world, but give me Jesus. Oh, take this whole world, but give me Jesus. or take this world but give me Jesus. I want to die. I want to sing. Oh my Jesus. Oh my Jesus. Who came this far by giving me Jesus? I wonder. I wonder [Music] the world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. [Music] [Applause] Amen. I'm going to ask brother Ricard then enter. Brother Cart, if you'd come and open the service in a word of prayer. We've got a couple of testimonies this evening we just want to thank the Lord for. Sister uh Debbie Paris has written here. Lily broke her collar bone in half with X-rays to prove she hasn't brackets. On Thursday the 19th after prayer Sunday morning, we took off the sling and she's had no pain medication since. Uh we praise the Lord for a quick work and for mending her bones. And Sister Lisa St. John has written here, "We'd like to thank the Lord for my mom's healing. She is home after back surgery and doing wonderful. I'd also like to thank the Lord for a good report on my heart test and healing Anna Hope and Samuel. Thank you for all your prayers. St. John's, brother Serge has a prayer request here. Just ask that we remember David. He's at home sick and body. Also, Brother Tom Freys has remember Sister Kim. She's also at home not well. Uh, Sister Michelle O'Brien has written here, "Please pray for Gene Elizabeth Naboc's little girl. Uh, she is b has been battling a high fever for two days now." And also, we want to remember Heather O'Brien as she is going in for surgery tomorrow morning. So, we want to lift her up in prayer. If you have anything on your heart, any needs, just raise your hands as we go to prayer for the cart. [Music] Heavenly Father, Lord, we just want to come to you tonight and thank you, Father, for what you've done in our lives, Lord. Lord, how you came to us, Lord. We're not looking for you, but you came to us, Father. And we just want to thank you for it, Father. We come to you so earnestly and so eagerly, so fast, Lord. We just want to make sure that we thank you just as fast for what you've done, Father, for these testimonies, Lord. Healing in the body, Father, just proving again and again that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. Dear Lord, we want to commit this evening service to you, Father. We want to pray for these ones that have pinned down their requests. Lord, dear God, if if God be for us, who can be against us? That's all we can say, Lord. We know you've done it before. You already done it, Lord. And we're so thankful for it, Father. We just want to lift these ones up. Hold them up in prayer, Father. Anoint their faith, Lord. And we know how the enemy comes in through any way he can, through loved ones, through children. Dear God, may you just anoint their faith to stand on the word of God and nothing else, Lord. For that's all that we can stand on in this dark, dark hour. Pray, Lord, that you'll be with us through the service. Anoint the speaker and hearer alike, Father, and bless it to our hearts that we may hear and see what the word of God has for us tonight. Jesus Christ's precious name we ask it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. You may have your seats. [Music] Amen. I want to welcome everyone tonight in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. If you're visiting with us, we want to say God bless you. Trust you feel welcome. in his presence. Those on the telephone hookup and on the internet, we want to say God bless you to you. Also, we're going to turn the service immediately to brother Ed. As we do so, I'd like to sing um same God who spoke to the woman at the well. We'll start with the uh the first verse. I look back on history, see the mighty God of away [Music] and [Applause] I can't [Music] save the savior. I love you. [Music] [Applause] might [Applause] [Music] the same God. Oh, the same God who created all the heavens and all the earth came back Jesus. There's power in his word. Now in his last days I'm beginning to see that the same God who made me want to [Applause] [Music] say I wonder [Applause] the same God the raing sea. He's the same God living in me. Let's lift the chorus up again. Once again, the same God who spoke to you. [Music] The well, the same God who wonder [Applause] God the raing. He's the same God living in me. &gt;&gt; And we believe that. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Well, I don't know about you, but I've been rejoicing in the word, having a wonderful time. Uh, Sunday, I was I guess you could tell from the preaching I was swimming and uh sometimes I felt I was under the water a good distance. But I hope uh I hope you all were able to feed on the word &gt;&gt; kind of once every once in a while you get into those areas where just you know your mind doesn't have the capacity and you just spring out into the great expanse of of God and you try to absorb it and I tell you it's just when you get into the subject of the blood it's just too great. That's all. This evening we're going to have a a little different uh service going to be divided up a wee bit. Um brother Jeremy Bergen has been working on uh a website that was very much on his heart to do and this website is just being developed. Uh I believe it will I have seen just a preliminary bit and you will see more of it tonight. uh I believe that it will prove to be a powerful witnessing tool for all of you who really have a desire to witness. Uh Jeremy will is going to come and introduce the format to you and it'll take a a little bit of time but don't worry uh not going to drag the service out on unnecessarily. Uh and he will introduce the format. There are some video clips of testimonies and this will this is going to be a very broad scope uh this uh website. It will have uh video clips and various testimonies whether audio or video. It has uh some of uh quotes of brother Brandham with his voice behind it. And uh he will also be asking for some volunteers because uh it isn't completely developed by any any stretch of the imagination. So, I'm going to ask brother Jeremy to come and he will he will be able to just uh show this to you. It's going to be on the screen right after that. We have some very exciting news that has just come out of China. And brother Tonyy's going to just take a a few moments and tell you about that and and also show you some things that are just happening there. You'll see some uh some slides of that of some of the believers there. and then uh uh I'm going to preach. &gt;&gt; So if if that won't be a full evening, I hope it'll tide you over till Sunday. Amen. Brother Jeremy, why don't you come? I've asked brother Jeremy to uh just speak very precisely and not too fast. I don't know about you, but sometimes the young people, they speak so fast, I my mind doesn't work quite fast enough. So, I just have to absorb it. By the time I've absorbed the last sentence, I'm three down. They're three down the road. So, I have to ask around the congregation, you know, and by the time I'm out of the door, I hope I have most of the the whole content. But tonight, I don't want to lose any of this, and I don't want you to lose it. And so, you listen real real close. Brother Jeremy, thank you and God bless you. We appreciate uh probably hundreds of hours that have gone into this now. Hundreds of hours. God bless you, Brother Jeremy. &gt;&gt; Well, just hold off, brother Darren, for a second here. Um sorry if I talk fast. I talk fast. I mumble. I know that. I'm going to try and get over that. Um before I started, I just actually wanted to just give a short little testimony of thanks and praise to the Lord. Um over the last two years, I've brought my family up to get prayed for three different times. The first time was when my daughter and Lana had collic. Brought her up here. She came crying all the way to the front. Prayed for her. She left. She wasn't crying and she, you know, the Lord healed her right there. Uh, second time was when my son Joel was playing in his back in my parents' backyard. He fell over. He was, you know, dizzy, incoherent. Brought him to the hospital. Brother Tom came, prayed for him. Brother Ed came, prayed for him. You know, within two hours he was walking by himself. never know what was wrong with him, but we're just thankful to the Lord that he's, &gt;&gt; you know, he can solve any problem, no matter what what it is. And uh on Sunday, Joanna came forward and she was just feeling fatigued and, you know, the doctors had done some blood tests, just couldn't find what was wrong, but she can never get over it. And uh prayed here on Sunday and Monday, no problem. Tuesday, no problem. Which is amazing because our kids got up every half hour on Monday night. So the fact that either of us had any energy on Tuesday was just a miracle. So we just want to thank the Lord for doing that for us. Amen. I'm excited. I'm excited about this website. Um normally I don't say two words when I'm leading songs. Um but this has got me up here. I don't know why, but I'm up here. Um I'm excited about a problem. And that problem I have is witnessing. My track record with witnessing is not good. Um I don't know there's nobody in the church here who's brought come to the message because of me. Um I've spoken lots to people at university at work. You give it a track and it comes back four months later. I was too busy to read it. But did you watch the hockey game last night? You know it's all that I just it's so hard to break through. Generation X or Y or whatever you want to call it. my generation I there's there's a barrier there that you know they they like to be ignorant um and like to let things slide by and it's hard to witness to that still at the same time uh Zechariah 8:16 says these are the things you shall do speak every man the truth to his neighbor and I believe that's what we're called to do is uh tell the message you know I've given out some tracks but it doesn't anyway haven't seen much response on that so at the start of 2005 last year I was given a challenge And normally you say, "What if Jesus would come today? How would you live your life?" And I thought, "Well, that's that's really easy. You know that from the message. You go to work, you plant your potatoes, that's it." And I thought, "What if Jesus was to come two years from now? What could I do?" And that's where I started to get excited because I realized I couldn't just I could tell more than my friends. I could I could tell everybody in the world if I put my mind to it. And the Lord blessed it. And that's where this comes from. Um Mike Ray calls it the incarta of the message. Um if you know what that is, it give you a little bit idea about it. If you don't, hopefully uh you'll learn more about it now. Um so over the past year with help from different believers including Mike Ray, Sam Ray, Jeff Walman helped a lot and sister Heidi Davis as well. Um maybe we'd play the introduction now if you can. Only once in all history has a supernatural being photographed. There is a reason. And then you have the scripture, behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. Um, the purpose of this website is you give it give the website address to someone who knows nothing about the message and hopefully there's enough sorry to borrow the phrase shock value in this to carry their interest past a few pages and hopefully um the one logical link on this front page here that's missing is about the photograph that's missing I know but the rest of it runs in a very logical order. You see at the top it says what was said, who was he, and his effect. And at the end of his effect is what's in it for me. So that's the logical order for this. Um why don't we go to the first doctrines page? What was said? What did brother Random say? He said doctrines, prophecies, um and discernment. And that's what under what was said column. So let's go to who is this MelzDC. You see, I've done one or two here. It's a It's a prototype. This is not on the internet right now. It's only on our hard drives, but this is a prototype. Why don't we just play the first clip? &gt;&gt; The true revelation of Melzdc comes into view was he was God the Word before he became flesh. God the word because he had to be. No one else could be immortal like him. See, I had father and mother. You did, too. Jesus had father and mother. But this man had no father or had no mother. &gt;&gt; Jesus had a tiny story. This man didn't. [Music] Jesus gave his life. This man couldn't because he was right. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's a self-same man all the time. Amen. &gt;&gt; I hope God reveals it to you. &gt;&gt; It's still the same person all the time. &gt;&gt; So, the purpose of that clip, if you did not know who Melzdc was, I've talked to lots of people in denominations. They don't know who Melzdc was. I guess they don't read that part of the New Testament. Um, you would now know who MelzDC was. There's also a second clip. We're not going to play that. Um the followup for this clip, you'll see a number of scriptures listed underneath. They start at Genesis and they go to Revelation down the side. Why don't we click on the first one, Genesis 14 uh 14- 24. And maybe we'll highlight the 18th verse. What you have here is you'll see on the right hand side there's a number of message text titles. You click on that hopefully eventually it will take you to a website such as the free word where you can get the whole um um message. But Genesis 14 18 verse 18 in in um this the message adoption that's the message where brother Brandham used this scripture in the context of Melzdc. So what I've done is I've gone through here Genesis to Revelations and no matter what scripture you you you find you can then get a link to the scripture if you're interested in that subject. Um, let's go to a woman's covering. This is exactly the same thing. Uh, somebody said that's easy for Godhead. You can't do it for a woman's covering. There's one scripture. Um, I started in gener Genesis, went down to Revelations. Um, I'm not going to go through that right now, but there's a scripture comparison that I've done for this, which is on the top right hand, which we'll enlarge here. And what this does, it compares four different uh versions. Maybe zoom out just for a second. Uh shows you four different versions of the Bible. King James NewsV Amplified and Wcliff New Testament. Uh if you're interested on woman's hair, uh this will tell you, you know, number of different ways. Click down to verse 13- 16. Verse 15 if you read it in King James version says but if a woman have long hair it is glory to her for her hair is given to her for a covering. If you go all the way over to the right hand side of the page we'll read the n cliff says but if a woman nourish long hair it is glory to her for hair be given to her for a covering which that answers your how long is long it's nourishing it's actively long. Um, we can close that and get out what what you've got here for the doctrine side. And this is what I'm looking for volunteers to help with is we've got a template page here, scriptures. Um, Jeff Walman helped me a lot with this. Um, quotes and scriptures. And then, uh, we've got the free form page that you see pop up there. Uh, and that free form page can be used to address any questions that you have on the message that you can't answer. such as if you have a question about serpent seed, you know, how can a horse and a donkey get together and create a mule, but the mule can't breed itself again? Well, we could address that on a free form page and say, "Listen, there's it happens in nature all the time, and I could name a few for you if you want to talk to me about that later, but it does happen." Uh, what did brother Brandham say? Second thing he said, prophecies. I've got one on here right now, which we won't play the auto clip for, but let's click on the eggshaped car. We'll click on the Nissan. Oh, and another thing that I did with all those scriptures is I contacted all the copyright holders on the different versions of the Bible, and I have authority to use it on the internet and all that kind of stuff. Um, eggshaped cars. You don't know how this is. You open your window and you can't see eggshaped cars driving themselves on the road. I'm It just doesn't happen. Um, however, it's going to happen. Nissan, this is eggshaped car. If you never heard of it, Nissan Pivo, uh, rotates 180°. You can drive in, turn around, drive out. You never have to drive into reverse. Go down to the bus, the park shuttle. It's green. It just disappeared from the top of the screen there. Click on that. Brother Random talked about buses and cars driving on magnetic designated roadways. This is Park Shuttle. It's run by the Dutch Transit Authority. It's in operation in the Netherlands. Um, it works. If somebody wants to go on this bus or knows somebody that can go on this bus, play checkers, and send me a video of yourself playing checkers in this bus, that'd be great. Um, let's go down to uh the black egg. If someone's seen a car that looks more like an egg than this, let me know. The wheels or the doors on the outside there. Uh it's a it's a prototype, but it does drive. Um and finally, the very last one. This is the most exciting one. Uh the US Department of Defense has a mandate by I think it's 2015 2012 to have one-third of their vehicles unmanned. And they started out, I'll just read it. On Sunday, October 8th, 2005, a modified Volkswagen named Stanley beat 23 other robotic cars and 150 miles of unmarked Nevada desert to claim a $2 million prize and the rights to be called the first autonomous off-road vehicle. That means it doesn't drive itself, no remote control, no nothing. Stanley's guided by laser, video, radar signals, is run by seven Intel Pentiums, and is able to tell the difference between a rock and a tumble weed. um they're going to do it. And so somebody questions this prophecy, you now have all the answers. Uh or over the next five years, you're going to have more answers. Right? So this is just leading in this in the right direction. Why don't we go to who was he? Green tab at the top. In this column, we've got historic healings and biography. Biography don't have anything yet. Historic healings. This is basically an internet version of the healing line tapes. Um, brother Ed said on Sunday, "Put the evidence of healing before you." And that's what this is. Let's go to the heart trouble and we'll play the first clip. &gt;&gt; You believe for your heart trouble, sister? You can be made well right now. You believe it? God bless you. You when you walk up there, Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; A very short clip. get someone in and out knows nothing about the message. Um, there will also have discernments on here later where Brandham picked someone's life apart. Um, Sister Heidi Davis did a bunch of that stuff for me, but we didn't have the time to put it actually up here. Um, again, you've got the message title on the top where um, you know, if you have a specific health problem, you listen to the services where brother Brandham healed those diseases and you know, maybe you can find the healing for yourself in those same um, messages. Let's go to his effect. We'll just hold it on the title there for a second. We've got titles in his effect. We've got current healings worldwide which is would be a link to missions and what's in it for me. That's where we'd lead somebody through which I hope maybe a minister can write um sometime. Um let's go to the current healings. Now I don't know if you've seen before we click on anything here uh the Vietnam memorial in the states which is a big wall of names. Uh that's my idea for this eventually to have a big wall of names. You see brother David Law and Ben Dertie on the side there. Um, I hope to eventually have this filled with I don't know, hundreds, thousands of names, if I can get it. And, um, you know, the only difference between this and the Vietnam memorial is these people aren't dead. And, uh, we've got the evidence. You click on Ben Dertie, we've got the evidence of their their healings here. Uh, this is the after picture. You saw the before picture when Ben Dertie was up here giving his testimony. This is the after picture of the CT scan um, healed. So, what it does, it gives a little tiny blurb on Ben's life, who he was, what happened to him. Uh, if you I should have the before X-ray on there. We have it on the computer. It's not on there right now, but um so you can compare the two if you want. If you have problems with it, well, it's right before you can't say no. What we also have is the doctor's report. And I'm not going to read this either, but it tells you that it happened in Langley Memorial Hospital on May the 23rd, 2005. What happened? how they couldn't find it, everything like that. You tell your tell somebody about that. Anyway, I don't see how somebody can can dispute this stuff. Um, and maybe if you were once an unbeliever, think back to what this would have done to you if you would have read it. Let's close that and we'll go to what was said. Finally, the last one, testimonies. Uh, eventually we're going to have more names here. hopefully Sister Rebecca West. Um the Finland boy who was raised from the dead. Um what right now we've got here is brother Ed, just his name. And we've got Len Bergen, which is my grandpa. Um and these are basically short teaser little video clips. Um hopefully a little bit of shock value in here to keep people, you know, if they view view one, I want them to view 20. Um so those are short things. Let's click on the first uh video there. you at? &gt;&gt; We were in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan &gt;&gt; at Brandon's meeting. &gt;&gt; At brother Brandon meetings and they asked me to be an usher. Well, he called this little boy out of the audience and this little boy had a club foot and he had never walked. And so he had brought up a box with him and brother Brandon said, "What's in the box?" He says, "The Lord hasn't shown me what's in that box." He said, "I got a brand new pair of shoes that I'm going to put on when I'm healed." And uh so, Brother Brandham, he cried when he prayed for this little boy. And he says, "Oh Lord Jesus, please heal this little boy." He named I can't remember what his name was. And uh when he finished praying for him, the little boy's leg straightened out and he screamed. And the father knew what was wrong. He took the brace off. Soon as he took the brace off, the little boy's leg came normal like the other one. And uh so brother Brandham says, "What have you got in that box?" Brand new pair of shoes that I'm going to put on when I'm healed. got another one, but I'm not going to play it for you. Um, but I'm hopefully right now I'll just tell you that's all I've got on the website for now. I've got a few more examples of each of these. Um, but what I'm looking for is volunteers who can help. Um, if you have a testimony, if you're in brother Brandham's meetings, uh, Sister Anne, Brother Ba, if you're willing to give a minute video clip, uh, Sister Ruth, I don't, anybody, we can put you on here out of the mouth of two or three witnesses. Let's give the world, show the world everything we've got. &gt;&gt; You know, &gt;&gt; one soul, you know, it'd be worth it all. &gt;&gt; Other people who can volunteer, uh, here's your criteria. You have to know how to read. Number two, you have to be able to be perseverant. And that's a little harder than some people may think. Uh but you got to be willing on concentrate on one subject till it's totally completed. Uh number three, you don't have to know how to program. And number four, you don't have to know how to program. I'm not looking for programmers. Um if you do, great. We can use you. But there's more resources out there that um a lot of this content you you simply don't need to know how to do that. simple rudimentary knowledge of computer possibly. Um other jobs I'm looking for photographers, videoers, artists, uh some men to research some doctrines which will hopefully be reviewed by some ministers after. Um so and anyone to research current and historic healings. Um and if you can't do any of that, pray. Um I appreciate that. Um another thing, the doctrines page. If you know a foreign language, how hard would that be to translate into a foreign language? All the work's already been done for you. If you want to when we're done this website, switch it into Chinese. It's not going to be that hard. Um, I don't know if there's anything left to say. Brother Ed said a few weeks ago, vindicate the message. &gt;&gt; This is an opportunity to vindicate the message. Um, the harvest is ripe. I'm going to put a sign on the bulletin board out there in the next few weeks. Keep an eye out. Pray about it. You don't have to come to me if you got an idea. Just keep it in your heart. I'll put a sign on the bulletin board that will direct you. I'm going to put on a Saturday session where say 9:00 we'll talk to the brothers who want to do doctrines. 10:00 we'll talk to people who want to research current healings. And I'll walk through with you my process to doing that. will develop a process for you and how you can send at at the end little end packets of information to the programmers that they'll put it on there. Um, if you're on the internet, please contact the church office and they'll have my or my email address there. If you want it right now, it's jeremy bergenshaw.ca. Um, so let's cast our bread upon the water together. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] I think that's wonderful, don't you? &gt;&gt; And we want to thank brother Jeremy for all the work that he has done. Uh it's uh that that's how the gospel gets out. &gt;&gt; Uh I'm just going to read a letter real quick which just came in just written in December 205. Uh, and uh, I believe that this is very appropriate right after Jeremy said, "Well, let's just get it out." Uh, dear brothers and sisters in Christ, this is actually from the Netherlands, this letter. I want to thank you all for your prayers for me and my family. It is a great blessing through all of these seven months, maybe longer, that I have been listening to your sermons. God has done wonderful things in my life. My first decision to obey God was to be baptized in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. I also quit my job to be a mother again for our children that God has trusted us to raise and to teach them in this way. My new experience with God, I wish I could write more to you, but my English is not so very well. But oh, how I desire always that it was Wednesday and then again Sunday. God spoke to me every time again when you were preaching. And it doesn't matter who's preaching. God is working through you all. Wonderful. How great is our Lord. All those instructions God has given to me, I obey. And God has blessed me abundantly. When I wake up in the midst of the night, it doesn't matter when, I pray for you all. May God give you new strength. Strength like a young eagle or a big strong eagle. God bless you all. Isn't that lovely? &gt;&gt; Amen. Sincerely in Christ, a sister in Christ. And I would like to also share with you that this week we have we just got the second testimony of the second person that has got saved as a result of brother Mike's service. A woman in England gave her life to Christ. She was backsliden. She was backsliden and got back to God and she said, "I have surrendered my life completely to Jesus Christ and I want you to tell Sister Marilyn her husband didn't die in vain." Amen. &gt;&gt; We got uh we got a message this week and when brother Wes uh Ordeal was here, he told the young people about a man who had come to brother Dutch Scott's uh meeting as a result of a testimony that they had been given and the his wife had known of the message. She really wasn't living. It wasn't a real revelation to her, but she was kind of one of those that's off in some distant place. But her husband and brother West described him so well, just a tobacco chewing. He said, "You all he was was a hunter. Just wanted to talk about hunting. He didn't want to, you know, anything about God. He just was just a rugged man man and and nothing to do with church or anything else. And God got a hold of his heart. I got to make the story short. They they saw the service and they had already been to a they had already been to a service down at Brother Dutch Scots and God had already gripped their hearts and then this just tipped them over the edge. They said, "We just can't wait." And they're going to be baptized this Sunday. Amen. Brother Tony. Hallelujah. Say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. Brother Tony, why don't you come and uh let's just see this recent for China. Is it all right? We're not taking too much time. God bless you. Amen. Well, you uh certainly get excited about seeing things like that, Brother Jeremy. I can think of a bunch of things that I can send you and help you work out with. And uh and I also saw one other thing that he might need some help with on the screen. Proof readers. So, uh, be sure you can do that, too. Well, we, uh, got some exciting news, as Brother Ed was saying, uh, about things that are taking place over in China right now. And, uh, it's, uh, it's really remarkable what God is doing. I want you to see this right here. You, uh, get these video cameras on here. I can't spread them all out, but what you're looking at here is the largest single printing in one time ever done of the message in China. &gt;&gt; This is 33 books, 2,000 copies each. 66,000 books were just printed. And these are the evidence right here. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And not only that, but we got some value here. Anybody want to venture a guess at what it would cost to print just one of these books? Well, minds are rolling, I'm sure, and figures are calculating. We could do it for 9 cents a book. &gt;&gt; So, 9 cents a book puts that message in their hand. And like we said, we got 33 titles. uh titles like uh faith is a substance, why we're not a denomination, taking side with Jesus, end time evangelism, warning and judgment, God's gift find their places, unveiling of God, masterpiece, paradox, God rich in mercy, lean not to your own understanding, broken sisters, a man running from the presence of God, uh does God ever change his mind about his word, anointing ones of the end time, God of this evil age, thirst, invisible union, works as faith expressed, trying to do God a service without doing his will. I've heard, but now I see on the wings of a dove and many more. &gt;&gt; I tell you what, it is very, very exciting. Now, not only not only is a stack of books like this an achievement, but you see the uh the math on this as well is very, very important because if you got 66,000 books at about 9 cents a book, you accounts have probably got it figured out already, but for those of you a little slower like me, that works out to over $6,000. All right. Now you remember probably the testimony of uh of when we come back from China in September and had the meetings and so forth there and how we were led to be able to speak about you know the uh the vision that God has in his mind of the word going into different places. And you might recall how I said that here we had brother Brandham standing on the west coast of America and pointing further west and he said if the gospel goes any further west it goes back to the east. And we were speaking about how that in the mind of God was the bride of Christ that was in China &gt;&gt; at that time there was nobody there. &gt;&gt; And so 30 40 years later here now we find a people and these and these believers when they began to to realize that hey this was all happening for me. It was spoke 40ome years ago and now I'm here. I'm a fulfillment of this. And when they began to realize that they have a part in this vision and began to see their aspect and their part in spreading this word out and that there's other places for it to go to, that's when they began to rise to the occasion to be able to support the printing and be able to support their own people of going out and spreading this message. And so for the value of this printing over $6,000 as a result of those meetings, 30 over 30% of the cost of printing these books was raised right in China. &gt;&gt; Right in China. &gt;&gt; That's how they're coming up already. And you uh I I I trust everybody's had a copy of this. Who has read this uh faith challenge report? &gt;&gt; All right. And who didn't read it yet? Ah, all right. We'll uh we'll pass a few out to uh we won't call any names here, but uh uh you read in here about China and you'll see why we had a little title on it. Moving from Corinthians to the Ephesians, because not only have they paid for this, this was just recently done, but we just got another email that uh they have already collected another $3,000 US for the next printing. That's outstanding, folks. I've been working with brother Ed for over 15 years in these countries uh various countries around the world in in different places and I tell you what it it probably take the aggregate sum total of 10 years of their offerings to come up with the amount that has been put into printing this one and the other offering that they've already collected in just a few years in China. So indeed that shows a maturity because you know when you understand and you got a revelation that you know your father owns everything and it's just a matter of a of a renewable resource you know directing some funds here to this son or that son or whatever and you can't outgive God and and whatever you put in you know uh he's going to return it back &gt;&gt; and when you got that revelation it's it's just easy to give it &gt;&gt; and the poor souls that don't got that revelation you try and hang on to every penny and guess what you're the loser anyhow. So anyway, that's just a tremendous thing that's happening over in China and uh and of course in conjunction with that. Uh we've got some other slides here that we're just going to get ready for. So you brothers get ready for that. Uh but in addition, we've also been speaking to you about a search u search engine project uh of the software uh that uh is being designed. It's already designed for the Chinese language to search every word that the prophet would have spoke about a certain subject in a in a paragraph and on down. And so that uh software is completed. So we thank God for that. And uh they're in the process of loading. They've got about a quarter of the messages loaded out of the 222 messages that are now translated. And you remember, you know, 222 messages translated in in less than five years. I was shocked the other day when I learned that uh uh that uh uh there's uh uh you know less than 130 messages in Spanish available through uh Voice of God recordings and that's been for years and years and years. And I know they're doing a great work and everything, but you just compare the two now 222 messages in less than 5 years. And so you see the the urgency of it all. And so I just want to take a moment also to share a few slides with you. And unfortunately uh we haven't really doctorred these pictures. They just came in today. So I'm going to have to ask uh uh forgiveness on the part of those who are streaming by video and ask all the video cameras just to stay right here. Don't show the screen please stay right on me and so that then the uh local congregation can see here. And uh so we got the first slide uh uh the uh first slide is showing the place the two red dots there in southwestern China where we have brother Ivan over in China right now. Oh thank you Jess. And so you see these two red dots here and brother Ivan has gone to these places and um and he has been witnessing there. Next slide. And you'll see a sister here. Her name is Sister Bi. And Sister B was in a church that Ivan went to visit when he was in this uh particular city in southwest China. And uh uh in 2004, he met her. He witnessed to her. And this sister by is a very well-known popular woman preacher. She was. And uh and when Ivan met her, he began to witness to her and spoke to her about the message and things. And as a result of that witness of that testimony and the books that she received like this Chinese books uh that sister by she resigned her post as a woman preacher and submitted herself to the word of God which immediately caught the attention of a lot of people and her her family like her her u her father and her mother-in-law was also a great renowned home church preacher in southwest China and so when she resigned and and be and submitted herself to the word. Then her mother-in-law also received the word. And uh and so the the story the testimony goes on that her father-in-law was was smitten with a stroke. He was totally paralyzed. And uh and yet she had a faith in God that a prayer of of a righteous man like brother Ivan who had a had a revelation of this message and the power of God was in him would avail much for her father-in-law. And so he took she took brother Ivan to the hospital and brother Ivan he uh he prayed for her father-in-law and he was miraculously healed. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; And so as a result of that testimony uh then he gave his heart to the Lord and then it began to uh affect others there in that city. And so we have now uh a testimony and we're going to show you the slides here. Next one is brother Ivan. He's speaking to these people in this city. You can read the city's name up there. And uh this is in southwest China. And these are the believers now that are being prepared for baptism. And you see the next slide. Baptism number one. Baptism number two. Next slide. Sister going in. Number three. Then number four. And number five. And number six. and number seven. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Next slide. Next slide, please. Next slide, please. There's a congregation in that southwest China uh city there. So, uh you can see a little home church getting started there. And uh we want to be able to pray that God would raise up laborers to uh give those folks some some leadership there. And uh so, uh brother brother Ivan is there as you can see him. and his uh where's no she's not in this picture. His dear wife. So next slide. Now we see see brother Ivan uh having some more Bible studies in another city. You see the name there. Next slide. And uh here they are studying the word of God. I'm sure some of these folks haven't had much access to the Bibles, but now you see them reading them. Next slide. And u here we see brother Ivan on the way to uh to a baptism at the lake. And uh next slide. You see here um this uh this brother in the middle with the glasses on here. He uh he was an English school teacher. And uh this English school teacher um his father one day just suddenly died and it really shocked him had a profound effect upon him. And he began thinking about life and death and so forth. And so he began searching in Buddhism and he didn't find nothing there hanging in the air. reincarnation just didn't seem to to meet the deep within his heart. And so he began searching for uh truth in Christian circles, Christian websites and books and different things. And that's where he he found an introduction to the to the gospel and he joined a Pentecostal church. And later on because of sister by remember she used to be a preacher and she would preach and he would hear her when she stepped down and and he heard about it he wanted to find out what are you doing? What are you believing now? And as a result of that testimony of sister B, this brother received the message and u and now you see him and then we got three others that were baptized there. One, two, three slides, please. There you go. There he is. Baptized. Another one &gt;&gt; and a third one. &gt;&gt; Three more. Last slide all together. &gt;&gt; There all together added together. So we thank God for that. Amen. So, uh, we praise him for those wonderful testimonies, the effects of the word going out that you're a part of. And, uh, I also just want to make sure that you remember brother Timothy Ma, who's also in, uh, in Vietnam. We want to continue to remember him in prayer. And I also just want you to know as well that the uh, the Brazil CD uh, instrumental CD, it's now available. It's ready in the office. And if you've got that clip ready, Brother Darren, just play a little bit. All right? So you can hear it. It tells you about it in the faith challenge report. [Music] [Music] Yes. This whole CD is just about like that. And you can have this CD. We just put a simple price on it of $10. The brothers did to help support 20 10 books. But just think if you had this CD playing just time, every time a song went around, you'd be thinking, I sponsored another book in Portuguese in Brazil. So, if you want to, you know, uh, avail yourself of this little blessing, uh, you can, uh, make sure you get one at the, uh, uh, put your order into Sister Debbie and, uh, if you, uh, want to pay $100 for one CD and print that many more books, we'll be glad to make sure that those books got printed on your behalf. So, God bless you. Thank you very much. the red. &gt;&gt; Tony's taking up offerings like he come from Tennessee. Well, I'm going to be brief. Uh, Brother Diddy said, "Give me your watch." And I said, "Well, no, we'll uh I'm just going to we're going to go into the word a little bit, but I'm not going to keep you long long." And uh what we don't go through tonight, we'll just pick up on Sunday morning. But some of you that were here, I was I had some some of my family say one of these brothers from Africa was he's standing up. They he said he couldn't get sitted down. He's just standing up through most of the service and and they said he was saying a word kandaba. Coupandava. And nobody knows what it was meaning. Then he say three * 7 kendava. He couldn't say it enough so he just said 3 * 7. So we had brother Alons and in fact his brother Alance has been here over a month a month and 3 weeks and he's got to go back to Congo on on Saturday. my we we so appreciate him coming and he's been a blessing to the church even though we don't he doesn't probably want us to say anything about it but he's been a blessing to the church and uh so I said what what does that mean brother did wasn't too sure he said well it's an African language he says kandaba means keep it coming more keep it coming more and more and he couldn't say it fast enough so he said three * 7 kendaba so They have a way of saying it. &gt;&gt; And our brother was here and God is honoring him. He was here with all seven of his children and his wife. And right after the service Sunday, uh his wife came to brother Dier and said, "I'd like some of the message books in French." He said, "She's very close to the kingdom." Oh my. We just, you know, this been this this whole evening's almost been just a rejoicing evening. but what God has done. Why don't we just stand for uh just a moment and I'm going to turn to John 14. I also have some slides that I'm going to be showing in a little bit. Uh and let's just have prayer before we read. Our dear father in heaven, how we rejoice tonight. Uh it's just more than we can take in. We hear of the saints in China. Oh God, bless these uh uh young ones that have just come into the kingdom. Bless them immensely. Father, bless brother Ivan. Oh God, be with his mouth. I pray. Oh God, may he speak. May he instruct by the direct in by the direct uh motivation and movement of the Holy Spirit. Be with our brother Timothy. Oh God, I pray you'll direct his footsteps, keep him from danger, keep him from harm, keep him safe, keep him healthy, and anoint him mightily. I pray, oh God. And what we pray for them, we pray for ourselves here tonight, Lord, bless these people, this congregation that has come, all who are listening on the internet and streaming. I pray you'll bless the witness of Jesus Christ that's going out. Use every instrument, Lord. Use every one of us as witnesses and ye shall be witnesses, says the says the Lord Jesus Christ. And we accept that with all of our heart and soul, Lord. I pray you'll prosper us greatly in this last moment of time in the name of Jesus Christ. Anoint now, Lord, both speaker and hearers. And your word, I pray to our hearts. May it fall in good ground and bring forth a hundfold. I pray in Jesus Christ that that name may be glorified. Glorify yourself, oh God. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Out of John 14, I'm just going to read from verse five. Thomas sith unto him, Lord, we know not whether thou goest, and how can we know the way? And Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life. No man cometh unto the Father but by me. If you had known me, you should have known my Father also. And from henceforth you know him and have seen him. And Philip said unto him,Lord, show us the Father, and it sufficeth us. You remember the messages that have been preached? Show us the father. That was very striking and perhaps I'll get into that on Sunday. Uh I might just touch on it tonight. Show us the father and it sufficeth us. It satisfies us. There's no more question once you show us the father. See, show us the father and it sufficeth us. And Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Phillip? He that hath seen me hath seen the Father. And how sayest thou then, show us the Father? Amen. You may be seated. We're living in great times. &gt;&gt; As I said, Sunday, just a couple of phrases that might seem similar. It's quite possible to be looking at something and not know exactly what it is that you're looking at. You two people can look at the same object and it's it can be different for both people. Brother Lonnie Jenkins, I'll never forget him saying that, you know, the message is like a mountain and on one side you just see a rag real rugged craggy rock face and on the other side perhaps sloping down into alpine uh pastures and beautiful uh you know alpine country with the flowers and the grass and and one is saying, "Oh, when I see it, I just see something so beautiful and wonderful and and so on." and they describe it and the other person describes the same message but sees it quite differently from a different side but it's the same word. &gt;&gt; Amen. And that's the way that's the way it can be. Now uh Philip says show us the father. And then Jesus said and I'll show the first slide please. Show us the father. Yet hast thou not known me, Phillip. And uh Greek here for known. Uh let's just carry on to the next one. Please put them all up. To learn to know, to get a knowledge of and to understand. Now the next slide. He that hath he that hath seen me hath seen the father. I've been speaking on the prophet optics. He that hath seen me hath seen the father. And listen friends, a lot of people talk about god mill untold millions uh multiplied millions say the prayer. Our Lord's prayer. They call it the Lord's prayer. Our father the first words our father which are in heaven. But I'll say a person needs prophet optics to really understand what our father is all about. And I hope that I hope that these services are even will enrichen and deepen your understanding of it. He that has seen me hath seen the father. And to see hath seen the father or properly to stare at. We said it Sunday. I believe it needs repeating. to stare at. I mean, it's something that needs to be looked at. He that has seen me. Well, we don't see him in his physical form, but we see him in his word form to stare at the word. And you'll never look at it too much &gt;&gt; in your lifetime. You'll never look at it too much. And the more you look at it, the more effect it will have on you. The more you look at it, the more it'll direct your footsteps in your thinking. &gt;&gt; He that has seen me hath seen the father. To see with the eyes, to see with the mind, to perceive, and to become acquainted with by experience. Now notice this next. We're continuing on with seen. Note that this word gives prominence to the discerning mind when the physical physical temporal material side recedes. &gt;&gt; You can never have the temporal up here. &gt;&gt; That you can never have the temporal as the consuming part of your life and expect to come to know and see as Jesus is talking about. He that hath seen me hath seen the father, but we can't see him. And we're talking about seeing him in word form. We can't see him as we ought to see him if the temporal is what is uh has the foremost place in our life. The temporal or the physical side needs to recede. And then this word denotes perception in general as resulting principally from vision. The prominence being in the mental element. So it's something uh that is it is something that is not with our just our natural physical eyes. Now I I want to I I'm going to go to uh uh a slide in Christ is the mystery of God revealed. A little quicker with the slides, please. The next slide. God has had a three-fold purpose in this great mystery secret. Now this is in Christ is the mystery of God revealed. God in his great mystery secret that he had before the world began. He's got a three-fold purpose in it. And we want to find out what this three-fold purpose is. We just will stop there for a moment. I even this afternoon I was trying to get a little bit of rest but my my mind my whole being seemed so consumed and I I I just allowed my uh consciousness to try to grasp the greatness of God and of course we can't but a God that fills all time and space and in this message the prophet says you could go for hundreds hundreds of millions of years, light years off into the affinity. And God fills all of that. And he's all of that. And he still is. &gt;&gt; He's all of that. &gt;&gt; And when I think of that, when I really give serious thought to that, I I I said to myself this afternoon, what is all humanity? What are all these creeping creatures creeping over the face of the earth? What are they to a god like that when this whole earth that we're on is almost an inescernable speck in the universe? What what is what is all of humanity? And with all of humanity, what am I? &gt;&gt; As just one person creeping over the face of the earth, as the prophet said, on the brittle threads of time, what how could that God even be conscious or aware? And then I began to I began to quote to myself, for God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him will not perish but will have everlasting life. And I say, God, the only hope I have of putting myself right there in that scripture, you're so great, I can't even begin to capture with my mind. My imagination can't even do it. You can imagine almost limitless things, but I can't even imagine the greatness of this God. And then for me to think that that God who fills all time and space has somehow is conscious of me as an individual and us here as individuals here tonight. I can say only one thing only believe. &gt;&gt; We have no other chance. There's nothing that we can do beyond just believing. We couldn't merit anything. We couldn't do anything. We couldn't live long enough if we lived for a million years because God's timeless. and I can't grasp eternity. And here we are for this little breath of time in our life. No wonder the no wonder David could say, "What is man that thou art mindful of him?" Or the son of man that thou visitest him. Oh, what is your life? It's even as a vapor that appearth for a little while and then it gone. It just vanishes. It disappears. And otherwise, man would be like an animal. just die, live here for a short time and and uh uh have some action and and uh uh have some expression of life and then just die and go to the soil. Oh, I thank God there's something down in here that tells me there's more to it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. There's more to it. God has a purpose. And I say our lives, my brother, my sister, if the temporal is out forefront, we're going to be sad one day. we're going to be regretful one day that we didn't give more time and give more of our thought and more of our energy, more of our concentration. I'm not talking about we don't have to work. We do have to work. But I'm talking we'd have God on our mind. We can have eternity on our mind. We can have heaven on our mind. And I say we want to be heavenly minded. &gt;&gt; Amen. We want to find out what this three-fold purpose was. Next slide, please. The first thing, the first thing, friends, when I think of the kind of messenger and we don't cringe at all when we say when God gave us a messenger that he gave us in brother Brandham. Now, he is a man. He said, "It's not me. I'm your brother. &gt;&gt; I couldn't do anything until he comes." So we're now I'm talking about this God, but that God chose to use that vessel &gt;&gt; and reach off into the eternities and have angels come from the eternities in a instant of time and begin to open up the word what we're saying. Begin to make known uh to him Christ, Jesus Christ, so he could make the bridegroom known to the bride. It's wedding time, friends. It's marriage time and that's when a bride and the bridegroom have to know one another. It can't be some nebulous generality out here that I think and I hope and I you know I'm not too sure had to come specifically and take the veil off of him and say here he is &gt;&gt; love him &gt;&gt; or turn away from him &gt;&gt; and many turned away even saying they loved him like Judas did with a kiss. Amen. &gt;&gt; The first thing now you take this kind of a messenger and he says the first thing in one place in this message Christ the mystery of God revealed he says this the mystery the secret that God had way in the back part of his mind and I I take that literally. God allowed this servant, God allowed him to peer into the back part of his mind and to catch the secret that God had and bring it forward. And now when he says the first thing was that God wanted to reveal himself to his people. Do you know that that phrase even is the essence of the name of God? The the self-existent one who continuously continuously reveals himself. That's what his name means. &gt;&gt; And here it is saying God wanted that's the first thing he wanted to reveal himself to the people. He couldn't do it as a great Jehovah God who covered all space, time, and eternity. He could not. He's too great to ever be revealed to people because it would be too mysterious. He loved fatherhood. And I have it as a title because now that's we're continuing on with this quote. &gt;&gt; He loved fatherhood for he was a father. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He had no son. Way back in the eternities, he had no son. &gt;&gt; But he loved fatherhood. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And the only way that he could express it was to become a son of man. &gt;&gt; He couldn't do it as the great Jehovah of the Old Testament. He had to become a son of man. And that's the reason Jesus kept saying the son of man. The son of man. Kept referring to himself as the son of man. And they didn't know what he was saying uh talking about many of them. But now now he's talking about now you get it. And you see in the Old Testament notice now in the Old Testament there wasn't none of the prophets none of the men of God the seers the sages and the patriarchs. No one said I'm a son of God. You say it readily today. I'm a son. I'm a daughter of God. They didn't say it like that. And the reason that they took up stones to stone Jesus was because he inferred he was the son of God. &gt;&gt; He said, and when he said, I and my father are one, then the Bible says, then took they up stones to stone him. That was the key phrase when I and my father are one. And brother Brandham brings that phrase and makes that the phrase of distinction along with except you eat my flesh and drink my blood. But when he said when he put forward this absolute oneness with God, then took they up stones to stone him. Now a father, I'll just read this one then I'll just hold the slide if you would. Then but while he thought on these things, behold the angel of the Lord appeared unto him. That's Joseph. And saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee Mary thy wife, for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost. and then uh in the position as a son and father relationship because God then uh in in Matthew 3:17 and lo a voice from heaven saying this is my beloved son in whom I am well pleased. Now now God is making this very definitive. This is my son in whom I am well pleased. that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; And and now, Brother Brandham speaking to the uh Christian, not the Christian businessmen, but the ministers in Chicago, God had explained saying if God was his father, he asked the ministers, all those ministers turned into Matthew and how does it read? He said, and then they read this, which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost. Now you have the the you know you have the second person uh uh conceiving the third person or father son and holy ghost the the third person conceiving the second person if they are persons which isn't the case it just can't be possible and so and and so God saying this is my beloved son in whom I am well pleased God identifying I am his father &gt;&gt; and he is my son &gt;&gt; yesmen No question. &gt;&gt; So, so obviously the Holy Ghost that conceived he was conceived of the Holy Ghost. Now um the next slide please from this quote. When God condescended, this is in he swore by himself. When God condescended and overshadowed Virgin Mary, he was alive. I want to just stop there for a moment. Please catch this. Let let your minds absorb it. We're not going to go real quick, but I'd like to cover some ground. He was alive. This God is is not some kind of a uh you know that that spills all time and space and whatever kind of concept a person may have or however your mind may try to grasp but whatever you envision there's one thing for sure he was alive. &gt;&gt; He was alive. &gt;&gt; Not just some living thing but he was alive. He is alive and and a life overshadowed and created a blood cell around itself. I'd like to just stop there and I I made just a brief reference of this on Sunday, but I want to try to take you into how God has been dealing with me going back just a moment as I said trying to grasp this God. And I I I actually, you know, I just uh I pondered and pondered isn't strong enough word. I was lost in thought. I I was struggling if it might be. I wasn't struggling for an answer. I was struggling to go deep enough trying to grasp this God. It fills all time and space. And someplace in the affinity of eternity, God conceived in his mind a substance that would one day by his word become blood. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And I thought that was that is so indescribably and incomprehensible. He he conceived the substance of blood. And we we aren't scientific enough here and I certainly am not to to try to begin to describe to you this substance that man studies this blood. this blood that has uh uh that has capability to coagulate and if you cut yourself and this blood that gets maybe too thick or is a carrier of cholesterol good and bad and whatever more and it's got all kinds of things and and and can be a carrier of disease and so on. Brother Brandon was talking about two two late young women. They were twins and in his meetings and they were going blind and they didn't know why they were going blind and they took blood tests and found they had a veneerial disease but they were both as pure as they could be. They were absolutely pure morally but they had a the blood showed up. that had a venerial disease and they traced it back and found out that it was their greatgrandfather that had a veneerial disease and came down through the bloodstream and both of those girls had it. The blood had carried it. Now, God knew all about this. God knew about bloodlines. He knew all about this blood. And he also knew that Satan would try and use that serpent being that was there who had the only seed that would mingle in in in Eve's womb. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And it was a blood sin &gt;&gt; and it needed a blood sacrifice. And I'm so glad tonight that God created a blood sacrifice for our sins. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We were born contaminated. &gt;&gt; The blood you were born with had you had a sinful life. &gt;&gt; And I don't care. You could take you could have uh taken yourself into the mountains and never saw an evil thing, never heard an evil word, never was associated with anybody evil, and you're still a sinner. Prophet said, "You are born condemned." Every one of us, there's nothing good in us. We're born condemned. Hallelujah. by that blood that came. I'm glad I was born condemned so I could be saved. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I was born bound so I could be set free. Once like a bird in prison, I dwelt. Hallelujah. But he set me free. He set us free. How did he set us free? Not just by some excitement, not just by some preacher, but because he created another blood stream and he placed it in you by his own word. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The word that created it put it in you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And you got another life in you. &gt;&gt; And that life that's in you was the same life that was in the blood of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; The same blood. The same life. God was alive. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And that life fastened itself to a wall of a womb. Hallelujah. Satan took the mind of Eve and God took the womb of of of uh Mary &gt;&gt; to bring back &gt;&gt; to the same way that Satan brought and condemned the world. God was going to reverse the whole thing of blood sin in Eden and blood righteousness. He created a new blood. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. And there never was a man that walked like this man. There wasn't never a man that spoke like this Jesus Christ. There never was a man who lived the life that he lived because he had that life. But he said that life was not for himself. Prophet said when he resurrected from the dead, was he only the beneficiary of that resurrection? No. You were beneficiaries as well. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We have that life. &gt;&gt; Oh, I wish this was Sunday. &gt;&gt; I'd carry on. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. God loved fatherhood. &gt;&gt; He wanted to be a father. &gt;&gt; And even though we came and we're rebellious and we kicked against God and we kicked against the pricks like Paul did and we went and blundered in our own way. Yet the love of God because he loved fatherhood. He he pre-ordained he forordained. He predestinated and he declared you're going to be my son &gt;&gt; and you're going to be my daughter. And there's nothing you can do about it. I've chosen you before the foundation of the world. I've given you the capacity to receive it and to believe it. &gt;&gt; And you'll hear the word and that word will create that very bloodgiven life in you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Tell you what, friends, &gt;&gt; I'm enthused about this. And when he spake another time in Matthew 17, and yet and while he spake, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them, and behold, a voice out of the cloud, which said, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased. Hear ye him." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I and the father are one. Well, I want to talk a little bit about this father. Fatherhood. Father in the Greek, we'll show the next slide, please. Father is the originator and transmitter of anything. Father is the author of a family or society of persons animated by the same spirit as himself. [Applause] Not another spirit, &gt;&gt; not just a good inclination, &gt;&gt; my brother, my sisters, the family of God. We're we have been authored &gt;&gt; by a father. &gt;&gt; We are his progeny. &gt;&gt; Literally, &gt;&gt; God created the bloodstream for us. &gt;&gt; And we're not just giving poetic license when we say God's blood flows in our veins. Hallelujah. That blood uh uh well, I don't want to get swimming tonight, but &gt;&gt; the seed of God, people that are born again by the word of God that comes out of a man or a woman's mouth. Because a woman can testify as this woman we just saw who considered herself as a minister, but she repented. That means her mind was changed. She realized, I'm not a minister. Hallelujah. And now, now a word has come that puts me in my place. And she gets in her place and brings others in. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's perfect. Look at this woman in Holland, this woman in the Netherlands. And she begins to hear just what's coming over this pullpit. And every Sunday, Wednesday, and she'll know now she's will be listening to this service. and and and here's one service and then the Sunday and then a Wednesday and then a Sunday and she begin to obey &gt;&gt; exactly what she heard and said I cannot write sufficiently how God has wondrously blessed my life. I got an email today from a brother down in the US said I was up there a few months ago and he says I cannot explain to you what happened to me from the moment you laid your hands on me and prayed. He was going to leave my office and I thought I need to pray for this brother and I he had a number of issues. I laid my hands on him and prayed. He said everything has changed. My home has changed. Things have changed for my wife. Things have changed. He said, "I'm going to travel up and see you." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; To tell you, I tell you, my friends, God's on the move. &gt;&gt; God's doing things. And I hope right here, we can acknowledge what God, not only what God's doing out there, but you can say, "God's doing something within me as well." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Next slide, please. Father, we're going on the same on the same Greek meaning for this word. And one who has infused his own spirit into others who actuates and governs their minds. Oh my goodness. Glory be to God. One when our father &gt;&gt; which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. your father. What you're saying is you my father has infused me &gt;&gt; with your own spirit. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And you govern you activate and you govern my mind. But if the same spirit if but if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you. This according to God's word, you as a believer has been infused. You say, "I believed a message." I'm going to go a step further. If you believe the message, you have been infused with the spirit of God. The same spirit that when God spoke out and said, "This is my beloved son." That same spirit's here tonight. &gt;&gt; Either that or this Bible is untrue. &gt;&gt; I declare this Bible's absolutely the truth. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And you need to be able to say tonight, he has infused me &gt;&gt; with his spirit, &gt;&gt; the same spirit. And thus I can say in all truth, not like the world, but I can say by revelation, Aba Father. &gt;&gt; You're my father. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And by your word, the righteous blood of God has come into my being. And I have been born again as a son of God. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Next slide. And for this cause I bow my knees, Apostle Paul said, unto the father of our Lord Jesus Christ, of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named. Paul refers to Jesus the as Jesus as being the son and the father. But the next verse says of the whole the whole family. This is a family. And we've been hearing a lot about the family. Brother John's been preaching about the family. I felt led to ask five brothers to come and speak at New Year's evening, not to speak, but just to speak out of their heart. And I don't know if you noticed, none of them knew who the others were. And right from brother Burken at the first through to the last brother, every one of them spoke on their family. &gt;&gt; And brother John comes in right behind it and preaches two services one after the other on the family. And I thought they were marvelous. &gt;&gt; And I can say they're marvelous for more than one reason is because God &gt;&gt; who is our father is trying to tell us something. And let us not have deaf ears. Let us not be dull. Let us not be blind but let us see that God has given us. He's given us his word that we can believe and have faith. &gt;&gt; And by believing we put our we we put our promise. We put rather our faith to the evidence and see it a finished work. &gt;&gt; Is it too much to claim &gt;&gt; to claim family? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Amen. I was thinking now we've got I'll let you read it because you're going to read it anyway. So, we just get done and then we'll be able I'm going to close in a few moments. But I I just going and researching and I I wanted to just come up with this. Now, brother Brandham talks about the hemoglobin and and uh we know that they can test a child, a baby, and tell whose father. One might say, "No, not mine." See, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And then they'll say, "Well, we'll do the blood test." And the state of Virginia, I was on on a website they have and they said it's from 98 to 99.99% absolutely accurate. And it is so accurate that they have never been they've never lost a case in that regard. When they give it the blood test that is absolute and that man is the father or sometimes he's trying to prove that he's the father uh that I am the father of this child and and and a blood test will show it every time. And so God knew that in the very beginning and listen now the apostle Peter I believe it is that says that Cain who was of &gt;&gt; of the evil one &gt;&gt; and then if if if Adam was his father apostle Peter has called Adam the evil one &gt;&gt; he was not the evil one. Satan was the evil one. &gt;&gt; And he had a different nature in his life. &gt;&gt; He had murder in his life. &gt;&gt; He hated God. &gt;&gt; He resisted God. He lied in the face of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But there come another bloodline. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And the blood of Jesus Christ speaketh better things than that of Abel. And the New Testament takes it right back to Abel. Hallelujah. You say, "Well, I don't understand it." Hey, you don't understand most things. I don't understand. Soon as I look into space, I'm lost. Go out tonight and look up and see the stars. If you can't see the stars, look at the clouds. I don't even understand the clouds. My wife and I, we we drive down the street. We We talk. Yeah. We talk once in a while. Drive down the street. Drive down the road. says, "And I see all this rain is coming down, tons and tons of it, barrels, lakes, rivers coming down." Says, "How in the world do those clouds hold all this water?" Do you ever think that? Of course you did. I don't even understand that. I don't even understand the water that's dropping on my head. How am I going to understand exactly how that hemoglobin worked and all of this business worked? But I can tell you it's here. &gt;&gt; One man who said he followed the message and uh uh believed the message and professed the message and so on and turned against it and walked right against it. He met me and we were down taking a walk on White Rock there on the prominad and uh he said, "I I can prove to you that brother's doctrine is false. I want to talk to you." Well, I wasn't showing a whole lot of interest. He said, 'I really want to talk to you. And then he said such a contradiction. He said, "The happiest day of my life was when I met you." I thought, "I'm looking east, I'm looking west. There's a big big space between those two." He says, "I'd like to talk to you." Well, he said this business about the serpent seed. He said, "How it came over in the ark." I said, "You know what?" I said, "I can't go back there and explain all that, but we just looked up and down the prominad." I said, "I can tell you it got here." &gt;&gt; He said, "You're not going to call this serpent seed." I said, "You want me to call it God's seed? Have a look." I called him by name. Look around. Look around. Look. Look at all of this that's going by. This is God's seed. Come on. &gt;&gt; Give me a break. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; Isn't it so? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Absolutely true. Don't know how it happened. We don't have to explain it. I can tell you it's here. &gt;&gt; And I see God's people. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I see God's bloodline. &gt;&gt; Amen. And paternity is the proof. And here's what it is. What is paternity? Paternity means fatherhood. &gt;&gt; And God loved fatherhood. &gt;&gt; He wanted he wanted it proven on the earth that he had children here. &gt;&gt; And establishing fraternity means legally identifying the father of a child. God has gone to great lengths to prove that these children are his. &gt;&gt; He said, "They're mine and my life is in them and I'm not ashamed to be identified with them." And Jesus called his disciples called his disciples all 12. The Bible says all 12. Have not I chosen you 12? He said, "And one is a devil." He chose it to prove prove. He wanted to prove legally, &gt;&gt; hallelujah, &gt;&gt; that 11 were his &gt;&gt; and one was not. &gt;&gt; And by following the word, following the word, Jesus I they didn't only identify themselves with Jesus. Listen friends, to me it's not such a great miracle that those disciples with their squabbling, which they did amongst themselves, they squabbled, argued who was the greatest and this and that about different things. They had discussion about it. It wasn't all roses and they didn't know much of the time what was happening. And Jesus didn't reprimand them and scold them. He just kept leading him on and on. Don't do that. Put away your sword, Peter. Jesus knew in a few hours he's going to be betraying him. Jesus knew he's going to be cursing &gt;&gt; in a few hours. &gt;&gt; But he just let them kept following him, following him. And by following him, they ended up in the upper room. By following him, they became infused &gt;&gt; by the very life that was in him. &gt;&gt; It was released and he received it. They received it and he knew they were going to receive it. &gt;&gt; Isn't that wonderful? &gt;&gt; Paternity creates a legal relationship between the father and a child. Next slide. What is paternity? Paternity is required to make the father legally responsible for paying support. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He has never seen his children baking bread. &gt;&gt; He's legally responsible legally. What is the most legal document you have? Is this one right here? He has made himself legally bound to you tonight to see you through life. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh my my blessed people and brothers and sisters and children. how this ought to mean so much to the young people. I'm at the twilight years, but if I was just starting out, I'd want to have a document in my hand. Not just a passport. I want to have a document. Somebody's legally responsible for me here in this life. I see all this wickedness and this vile corruption on every hand. How in the world am I going to How am I going to remain steadfast? How am I going to hold center? How am I going to stay clean? I've got a legal document says, "You're my son. You're my daughter. I'm gonna keep you." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; You couldn't expect me to be quiet on this, could you? &gt;&gt; Paternity is a necessary first step in requesting visitation. You might wonder why I put this here. Because you can put it into a natural context. But let me give you a spiritual context. &gt;&gt; He &gt;&gt; came and visited us. Hallelujah. He visited us 2,000 years ago. And when he was here, he said, "I'm going to visit you again, and it'll be like when I visited Abraham. I came in the form of Elohim." Hallelujah. And Abraham had a revelation of who I was, and I'm going to come and visit you, and you'll have a revelation of who I am. &gt;&gt; And he had a legal right to come and visit us &gt;&gt; because he was our father. Glory to God. &gt;&gt; I could preach on that, my brother, my sister. &gt;&gt; And the mama church, the mama said, "You're not their father." He said, "I'll do a blood test." &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'll send my word with the blood in it. Hallelujah. I'll give them a blood test &gt;&gt; and they'll prove they're not of that world. They'll prove they're not of this mama. Hallelujah. The blood test will prove I'm their father. &gt;&gt; And he had a right to visit us &gt;&gt; and he did that. &gt;&gt; And they have rights to any inheritance from the father. You have a right to any inheritance from the father. You have received his bloodline. You received that seed. You received it as much as Mary received it. &gt;&gt; And more so &gt;&gt; because Jesus said, "It's needful for me to go." &gt;&gt; But when he the spirit has come, &gt;&gt; hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And that's why the prophet in this generation, I'll come to it Sunday. That's why he came and so often said the spirit is the token, the Holy Ghost is the sign. &gt;&gt; That he will pass over you. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; I just got one more slide. I might as well show it. What is paternity? &gt;&gt; Children, &gt;&gt; you need to know who who that your father is and that he cares. &gt;&gt; You need to know that he cares. &gt;&gt; If this is good for the world, what about you and I? &gt;&gt; Do you know that father cares? &gt;&gt; Oh yes, he cares. I know he cares. How do I know? He's my father. Amen. &gt;&gt; It gives a family identity. &gt;&gt; We look like him. &gt;&gt; And when children know they are part of their of a family, they are likely to be more secure about who they are and where they came from. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Where did you come from? &gt;&gt; Glory to God. more secure. &gt;&gt; In fact, I'll say absolutely secure. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Sister Leslie Anne, come and sing redemption by blood. Glory to God. And we're going to rejoice as we close the service. And we'll try to pick up here on Sunday. I don't know. I just about blew my wad. &gt;&gt; Oh, it keeps opening up. &gt;&gt; Isn't it wonderful? Koopa &gt;&gt; 3 * 7 keep it coming I say to God Koopa &gt;&gt; 3 * 7 keep it coming hallelujah and give me a capacity to receive it. Hallelujah. God bless you. Amen. Isn't it wonderful? &gt;&gt; Oh, we had a wonderful evening. I enjoyed it. I hope you did. Amen. Praise God. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Hallelujah. Are we ready? Amen. God bless you. [Music] I felt that sting. I had sense it. Its cruel pain brought bitter tears. But how could I escape when judgment was sure? [Music] Who could plead my cause? And when God saw there was no one he sent to die his only son. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; For only through blood his rot could have been appeased. His justice was satisfied when blood flowed from Calvary. Redemption by blood. Oh wretched man that I am. Who can deliver me from the body of this debt? and who shall set me free, taking me from my captivity. But I thank God for Jesus Christ and his debt on Calary. It bought for me redemption by blood. [Music] I felt the chains bind my soul within. I was serving that slave master sin. And by reason of my bondage I cried. [Music] And God heard me when I sigh. [Music] and remembering his covenant. Yes, a prophet he did truly sent with a word of truth to break the strongholds within and totally deliver me from the power of indwelling sin. Our redemption by blood. Oh wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me from the bonds of slavery and who shall set me free, taking me out my captivity. But I thank God through Jesus Christ and it set on Calvary. It bought for me. Redemption by blood. Redemption by blood. Redemption by power. In completeness and joy, [Music] redemption for me. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, we put a lot in two hours. And we're going to stand and sing. There is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Emanuel's veins. And sinners plunge beneath that flood lose all &gt;&gt; all their guilty stains. All. And we're going to dismiss you and thank you for your attendance tonight. There is a fountain filled with blood draw. [Music] Oh, bless his name and s [Music] lose all their guilty. [Music] Oh [Music] sh [Music] we're ing the fourth verse. for sins. By faith I shall spring. My go [Music] and Yeah. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Applause] My God [Music] has been my king and shall be till I die. We're going to close in just a moment, but I'd like to say to you as a congregation when you go tonight, we've enjoyed the word. I trust you did. I felt that you did. I did myself. But I want to say to you, I don't take it lightly. Brother Brandham, in the presence of the angel of the Lord, someone said to him, "Why don't you ask him his name?" He said, "You don't even speak. You don't say a word in that presence. You wouldn't even be begin to think to ask his name. It's such a holy sacred presence, such a holiness. We as human creatures, we're so conscious of our frailties and so on. If we were ushered into that presence just now, this what I want to say as you get ready to leave, if each one of us were just ushered right in close proximity to the very being of God himself, you'd be very thankful to be able to say, And sinners plunge &gt;&gt; beneath the flood, lose all. I've lost all my guilty stains. I stand here tonight redeemed. &gt;&gt; I stand here tonight washed. &gt;&gt; By what you provided for me. &gt;&gt; And thus I come into your presence, oh God. Hallelujah. [Music] Could we sing also? I'm redeemed. If anyone asks you who I am, tell them I am redeemed. &gt;&gt; I am redeemed. With the price, Jesus has my life. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I am. Oh, tell me I am. &gt;&gt; Let's unite once again. Oh, I am redeemed. Oh, such a price. Jesus has changed my life. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Tell them I am redeemed. [Music] &gt;&gt; I want to say to you tonight, it's been a privilege to speak to the redeemed of the Lord and to know that Jesus Christ and God our father through Jesus Christ was not ashamed to identify himself with us in this day and in this time. marvelous, wonderful thought. Brother DD, I'm going to ask you if you'll come and dismiss us in prayer. God bless you. Go home and prosper spiritually. Have a wonderful tomorrow if there is. And I can assure you if we don't have it here, we'll spend it in eternity. Amen. God bless you. Thanks, brother. [Music] We bless your name, Father. &gt;&gt; Our hearts rejoice tonight for your goodness, dear God. The value you have placed upon our lives, dear father, for this precious price that you paid on our behalf. These atoning work that you have done. Such a complete work. Such a perfect work &gt;&gt; to bring such an assurance in our hearts to know that we belong to you, Father. And we just want to revel in the reality, oh God, of what you have done. Our word is so precious and so true and so real, Father. Just means more than life to us tonight. We thank you for the inspiration of it. We thank you for touching our hearts once again, dear God. We just ask that you'll cause that word to be such an anchor in every soul, every heart that when the enemy comes like a flood that that standard can stand to resist him there God that we can truly walk Father in the realization of what you have made us in this hour connected to you oh God belonging to you being safe and secure in your arm Father knowing that oh God you have promised to never leave nor forsake us. &gt;&gt; You have given us such a blessed assurance. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; A foretaste of glory divine. &gt;&gt; You blessed our lives with your presence, with your leadership, with your Holy Spirit. Father, what else can we ask? Dear God, you've done it all. And we want to thank you tonight. Bless your people. bless your servant and let us go with this atmosphere and come back again dear God for more. We believe you have more for us dear God and we just want the things of this life to grow strangely dim in the light of your glory and your presence. We thank you for your faithfulness. We bless your name in Jesus name. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you brother Dier. God bless you. You're dismissed in Jesus name. Go with God and go rejoicing. Amen. Come back on Sunday 3* 7. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You're dismissed in Jesus name. Yes, sir. [Music]
