################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2006-10-22 - 06 1022M Conquering And To Conquer Pt-1- Br. Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada) - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2006-10-22
Title:    06 1022M Conquering And To Conquer Pt-1-— Br. Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada)
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 26m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gsd5ygBdNuc
========================================

Description:
Video-converted message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] This is your house, Lord. It's holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their hands. This is your household. Oh, this is your house, Lord. Oh, won't you come and wait? Oh, this is your house. This is your house, Father. Our prayer this morning. Come and dwell with us, Lord. This is your house. Oh, it's a holy house of prayer where the house bring their house. Oh, this is your house. [Music] And when let's sing the second verse. Oh holy spirit overflows. Father won't you decorate our with grace and mercy. and healing and redemption. Find searching souls. Lord, have your way. We humbly pray. This is your father. This is your holy house. [Music] and this is your house. [Music] This is your house, Lord. Come. Let's dance together. Oh, this is your father. [Applause] This is your house for the holy house of praying and this is your house. This is yours. Come and dwell. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that [Applause] [Music] I want. [Music] Let's sing the fourth verse. Lord has promised me. The Lord he has proised good to me. Yeah. Heat. I see as long as I can [Music] [Music] sh and Oh, [Music] heat, heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, we [Applause] shall be [Music] Hey, heat. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Amen. Say once more. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. [Music] Praise God. Praise God. &gt;&gt; You are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I see. You are my all. [Music] You as you go to you are my Jesus. Heat. Heat. Jesus [Music] your name. [Music] Taking my sin, my cross, my shame. Rising again. I bless your name. You are my Jesus. Where you where I go? Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Let's sing that second verse again. [Music] My sin, my cross, my sh [Music] you are Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Jesus [Music] worthy. Oh Jesus, Lord Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. [Music] Jesus lamb of God. Worthy is your name. We fall down. We lay our crowns at the feet of Jesus. Oh, the greatness of your mercy and love at the feet at the feet of Jesus. For we cry holy, holy, holy, we cry holy, holy, holy. And we cry holy, holy, holy. For we love to worship you, Lord. We fall down at your feet, Lord. We are [Music] Jesus the greatest We cry holy holy holy holy cry holy holy holy and we cry holy holy holy [Music] We [Music] are Jesus. [Music] Your mercy Jesus. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. Holy, holy, holy is holy, we worship you Lord. Hallelujah Lord. We worship you this morning Lord. Lord we give you glory Lord. The greatness of your mercy Lord and your love Lord Jesus. We thank you for it oh God this morning. Your salvation oh God. Lord it's all you Lord. Nothing of us Lord but it's all you Lord. We give you glory this morning Lord. Lord we love you oh God. Lord we worship you Lord. We praise your name, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to your name, Lord. &gt;&gt; Glory to your name. Thank you, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to your name, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm going to ask brother Tom to come and lead us in prayer this morning. It's good to have brother Tom, brother Biscll back with us. Uh we've got a testimony here this morning from our brother Claude's Sigman said we pray for uh we play prayed for brother Claude's sister-in-law. She went home the next day from a very serious car accident. It has been a witness for Claude's brother. a seed has been planted. So, we just want to thank the Lord and and pray that God would continue. Amen. To speak to this family. Uh our brother Lyall Black is requesting prayer for his stepgrandson. He was admitted to hospital in Vancouver for a psychiatric evaluation. We want to pray for deliverance. And we know we serve a God that can deliver. Amen. And uh there's a request that came in by email um from Sister Angie Brown. I am in need of prayer for my parents from George and my husband. I don't know what to do. I want to forgive and be set free from depression. Amen. So let's join our hearts with our sister this morning. And uh if you've got a need this morning, you just take it before the Lord as we go to prayer. If you're listening in on the internet this morning, you've got a need, you just take it before the throne of grace as we come before him this morning. Amen. Brother Tom, precious Lord, we love you this morning. We love your presence. We love your people. We love to be found in the house of God. Lord, we feel like Philillip this morning. Show us the Father and it would suffice us, Lord. God, open our eyes to see your glory amongst your people again and that we could cry out, Lord, within our own heart, "Pass me not, oh gentle Savior. Speak to us individually, Lord Jesus. Take the word of God that we will hear this morning, Lord. And God, plant good seed within our soul. Father, there's a people out in the world today. They do not know whom they worship, but we worship you, the living God, this morning. And so, Father, with uplifted hearts and hands, we worship you, Lord. May it be pure worship. May it be holy. May you be pleased to dwell amongst us. May it not just be lip service this morning, but out of the depths of our soul. We worship you, a true and living God. We ask, Lord, that you will speak deeply to us. Move us, Lord, into those realms our soul so long and thirst for. Lord, we don't want a form of godliness, Lord. We want the power of God ever living within us. So we say, anoint the man of God. Anoint our ears to hear. Let the power of that word become fabric within our souls. And Father, these needs that Brother Rod has mentioned. And I'm sure there's many needs in here this morning. So by faith, we reach out to you. We say, "Lord, here am I. Lord, deliver me. Save me, heal me. Let the power of God do its eternal work within me. Lord, these those that are bound by spirits of depression, oppression. Lord, many of us were bound, but one day that resurrection came by our way and it loosed us. And we say, Lord, loose them this morning. Let your power of deliverance be their portion. We ask. And so, Father, as we continue to worship, be pleased to dwell amongst us, and we'll be sure to give you all glory, all honor, and praise in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. You may be seated this morning. We want to welcome all those who are visiting with us. We're just real happy to have each and every one of you here this morning and trust that you'll enjoy the presence of God with us here this morning. We just love to worship. Amen. And I think there's a that's why we're here this morning. We want to come into God's presence and then we want to hear what he has to say to us. Amen. I want to bring greetings from the saints in Calgary. Uh Cindy and I and Anna had the privilege of being with them last uh Sunday. We're over uh celebrating the 25th wedding anniversary of brother Steve and sister Joanne Fulkerson. We just had a wonderful time with the saints there and uh it's always wonderful to uh get with other people who love to praise God and worship him. Amen. And we just had a real wonderful time in his presence there with the saints. Um I think Sister Michelle has a special this morning. Why don't you come, Sister Michelle? And uh as they're getting uh ready this morning, let's sing together. Jesus, draw me close, closer, Lord, to you. Let the world around me fade away. Jesus, draw me close, close, Lord, to you. [Music] Let the world around me fade away. Oh Lord Jesus drawing [Music] closer Lord to you for I desire to worship and [Music] Hear the voice of my beloved. Beloved, gently call at close of day. Come my love, oh come and meet me. Rise, oh rise, and come away. Winter's dark will soon be over. And the rains are nearly done. Flowers bloom and trees are body. Time for singing [Music] has begun. I have waited through the shadows for my Lord to call on me. Now the morning breaks eternal. In his light, his face I see. Now the morning breaks eternal, and at last his face I see. [Music] When you see the fig tree budding, you will Know the summer's near. When you hear the words I spoken, you will know my comingings near. Keep on listening my beloved for my comingings very near. [Music] [Applause] Thanks, Sister Michelle. Sisters, the steadfast love of the Lord never ceases. Let's sing it together. And Jar and Joanna, I'm going to I've got a song and then we'll turn the service to brother Biscll. &gt;&gt; The steadfast love of the Lord never ceases. His mercy never comes to our new morning. You every morning praise is thy faithfulness. Praise thy faithfulness. Sing it once again. The steadfast love of the Lord never ceases. His mercy never comes to an ending of every morning. [Music] Every morning praise our faithfulness. [Music] Praise the faithfulness. [Music] [Music] [Music] I have found a place I can call my home. It's here in your embrace where your mercy overflows. It's here that all my doubt and fear just melts away. I lay my burdens down and I look upon your face. You are my refuge. You are my sanuary. When I feel afraid, you're my hiding place. You are my refuge. [Music] And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. For you are my refuge. [Music] I have found a place I can call my home. It's here in your embrace, where your mercy overflows. It's here that all my doubt and fear just melts away. I lay my burden down. And I look upon your face. [Music] You are my refuge. You are my sanctuary. [Music] When I feel afraid, you're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging, underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. He who dwells in the secret place of the most high God shall abide underneath the shadow. the shadow of your wings. And you are my refuge. You are my sanctuary [Music] when I feel afraid. You're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. You are my sanctuary. When I feel afraid, you're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging, underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. Underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. Oh, underneath your wings I rejoice and sing. For you are my refuge. Maybe we can stand together and sing that chorus as brother Biscll comes. I think they've got the words on the screen. You are my refuge. You are my sanary. When I feel afraid, you're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. You are my fruit to weary when I feel afraid. You're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I rejoice once again. You are my refuge. You are my sanuary. When I feel afraid, you're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. You are my sior weary when I feel afraid. You're my hiding place. You are my refuge. And when the storm is raging, underneath your wings, I rejoice and sing. [Music] You are my refuge. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise God. &gt;&gt; So wonderful to have a refuge. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'll just have you have your seats for a moment, please. You've already been welcomed in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And uh we want to confirm that we're happy you're here. If you weren't here, we wouldn't be having a service. So, we're happy God's people are here. I was anxious to come to the service this morning because I just I wanted to gather with the redeemed. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; What a privilege. &gt;&gt; What an honor it is to gather with the redeemed. Amen. Are you redeemed? &gt;&gt; Sounds good. Uh this coming Wednesday uh brother Garrett Rudwald from Bezesburg, Germany is going to be here. His wife is uh coming with him also. Um also three other sisters are accompanying them on this journey. And uh I understood originally uh brother Gur uh Rotoald was coming to actually have the dedication service for the church in uh Ottawa where motherh brother brother Mubundo is the pastor but u he will I understand that the church is not finished not completed yet so that has been put off but he's he decided to make this trip anyway and uh brother Rudol will be in Edmonton uh today and then uh journeying on down here. So our Wednesday service be really nice to have our brother Rodald once again. I think the last time I was with him was in the meetings in the Ukraine when the church was dedicated there in Daetsk and uh he's been because they're in close proximity geographically to the Ukraine much closer than we are. I was really happy and encouraging also he and brother Schumacher another pastor to to remain close to the work in the Ukraine and uh I think they in fact is if I remember correctly they purchased the seats uh for the church there and uh I believe one of the churches bought a car for or kind of a van for for brother Vladimir here. And so we're really happy that they have a a burden to reach out and uh so you be not only praying for the meeting, but uh you come and you're going to be blessed and brother brother Rodal's ministry. Uh tonight, brother Tony is going to be having the service and he's been preparing uh since he returned from China and we have not had an opportunity to speak. he and myself. And so I'm as anxious or more so perhaps than anybody. I want to hear about the work in China, that great nation that is certainly rising to be dominant in the world of economics, in the world of productivity and uh in the world also politically. So they they're taking a very important part and I do not believe for a moment that it's an accident that the spirit of God is uh breathing and brooding in that great nation and that the gospel of this message which for so many years there seemed to be no door opened and then God in simplicity and you'll be hearing more about that term as we go through the service today but God works in very very simple ways and does marvelous marvelous things. And uh the Bible is is replete with examples of how the gospel started and and who went where and who was a test who was a testimony of the work of God in the various places. And look at Apostle Paul. He made we make so many references to three of his missionary journeys. But I tell you what, it wasn't a holiday. It wasn't a vacation. It wasn't a rest, but he made missionary journeys and he took some other young men with him. And the gospel was spread over that part of the earth. He wrote many, many letters. People reproduced those letters under conditions much more different than we have today. But they got those letters out and they got them to the needy people. And today, of course, what started out very very small is a great it's a great flood of the gospel in in uh throughout the world. So, we're going to be here this evening 5:00. Uh I don't know how many of you have been following uh Sister Rebecca Smith's condition, brother George Smith's wife uh and brother Brandham's daughter, but uh from what we have read and the contact we've had, she's certainly uh in need of our prayers. She's in serious condition. And I would like today as we are preparing for the word, I want to be in prayer for her. I believe it would be very fitting for us to uh seriously and sincerely uh bear our sister Rebecca up in prayer. And for those of you that have been here in this church for over a long period of years, uh sister Rebecca and brother George and their family were here for over two years, I believe about two and a half years. And so we just want to really bear her up in prayer at this time. I'd like to have you. We're going to read the scripture. So if you don't mind standing once again and I'd like to sing Sheltered in the Arms of God. Just the chorus, please. I'm sheltered in the arms of God. I've been singing this over and over during the days we've been away. And God uh God gave the brothers uh that were uh hunting along with myself and gave them real success and came home with uh several moose and we're real happy that God uh provided us with that uh opportunity to get away and to be alone also. I that's what I look forward to being alone. And so when I was alone I would be singing this song. I'm sheltered in the arms of God. Let the winds blow. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let the trials come. &gt;&gt; You ready? &gt;&gt; I'm sheltered in the arms of God. How many sheltered? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. All right. Let the stor [Music] with me. He was with me. on earth can I be for I Oh, [Music] I for [Music] [Music] Oh, bless your name Lord for the arms of God. &gt;&gt; Dear heavenly father, you have provided a hiding place and we are held in the palm of your hand. We have no fear of what the world can do or what any enemy can do because we are held in the arms undergurtded by the almighty divine God. The only true and living God who sent forth Jesus Christ as a propitiation, as a sacrifice, as our substitute, and we stand here today free. Hallelujah. We stand here today purchased. We stand here today fully paid for. We stand here today, oh God, and the and the enemy, Satan has no mortgage on our life any longer. For when you said, Lord Jesus, it is finished. It was done. And you even went and preached to the souls that were in prison. You declared that the price had been paid. You stripped the enemy of the keys of death, hell, and the grave. And today, Lord, we face eternity with a glorious promise, with a great expectation. Today, Father, as we've gathered, we need your Holy Spirit. We need the spirit of revelation upon your word, upon our minds, upon our souls. Oh God, let this group of people that are visible and those that are on the internet, may we together rise on eagle's wings. May we rise into heavenly places in Christ Jesus. May we see things we have not hitherto seen. May we be, oh God, fed, I pray, upon your word. I give myself, Lord, to you as I stand here at the post of duty and this precious congregation of people who've come into expectation. You will not deny them and you will not send them away disappointed in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. I'll be happy if you would join me by turning in your Bibles to Revelation the 6th chapter and we're going to start reading at the first verse. And I would like to say if you would please take seriously and sincerely uh the uh services. I've spoken two services on the seals and I am continuing on. I know that for a lot of people in the message that's very like a complicated and a complex, but I think that as we kind of move just slowly in it, it will break it down for you. So that I'm saying that to make this point that if you miss one of those services, you should be sure and pick it up on the archive and hear it because they do tie together and it will mean so much more to you if you understand what has been spoken and then you can continue on uh as we move forward in the in the seals. Um so we're going to read now starting with the first verse. We'll just read four verses. And I saw when the Lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard as it were the noise of thunder, one of the four beasts saying, "Come and see." And I saw, and behold, a white horse, and he that sat on him had a bow, and a crown was given unto him, and he went forth conquering and to conquer. And when he had opened the second seal, I heard the second beast say, "Come and see." And there went out another horse that was red. And power was given to him that sat thereon to take peace from the earth, and that they should kill one another. And there was given unto him a great sword. Amen. You may be seated. I'm taking a phrase out of these verses, conquering and to conquer as a uh title to the service today. Conquering and to conquer. The opening of the seals uh is to us the opening and the revealing of things that at at least it should be revealing of things that have hitherto been hidden or it may reveal something that we have seen happen but we can't really identify it in the scripture. Uh it may be something we may just class it as a world event. example. It's no mystery to anybody here, even the youngest, that we've gone through two world wars. We've had the first world war. We've had the second world war. But it only took a prophet to say there was a birth pain. It was a birth pain. So spiritually it was a birth pain, a actual spiritual birth pain on the earth. See, so there are things that we've experienced, we have knowledge about, but we perhaps can't tie it together in the scripture. That's number one. Number two, the scripture can be say in a very few words something that actually covers uh centuries of time. &gt;&gt; Just a few words. But when those words are examined, when that sentence is examined, then you'll find that it actually not only covers a great span of time, but reveals to you what was happening during that time. And you'll find it sewn all through the scripture. It will be scripturally based and founded with with a with a real solid scriptural background. And so now the opening of the seals provides us with an interpretation by the opening when brother Brandon spoke this opening of the seals it provides us with an interpretation of the what apostle John saw said I saw and then he describes what he saw. Now in this first verse, he said, "And I saw when the lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard as it were a noise of thunder, and one of the four beasts saying, come and see." Now, these four beasts, uh, I need to background this a wee bit, but so that you have, uh, you have a kind of a a mental picture. So, one of the four beasts, there were four beasts in chapter 5 of Revelation when there was no one found worthy to open the book. The Bible says that the angel said to John, "Weep not, for the lion of the tribe of Judah hath prevailed to open the book." He turns to see the lion and he says he sees a lamb in the in the midst lamb in the midst and four beasts which in the book of revelation there's two Greek words for the beast and one is an untame an unt unameable creature and the other the other is a a it's a living creature. They're completely completely different. And so you have to see now. So here what we have here in this opening of the seals, we have four horse riders and we have four living creatures. And the four horse riders essentially are they are the evil power that is sent into the earth. And we'll describe that. And the four living creatures which were surrounding the lamb at the throne of God are also four powers. And when the evil power rode out into the earth, spread out into the earth at various times through the last 2,000 years, God sent an anointing power. He sent a power upon the elect, the believers of that age that could combat this power that was sent on the earth. &gt;&gt; And so that is the picture which we need to see. And so uh Apostle John, he sees this uh horse rider come out and I'd like to just give a brief description. He says the lamb opened the seal. So the lamb we know as Christ and the sound of thunder is is is clearly the voice of God speaking. So there's a voice of God that comes at that time. And the four beasts or the four living creatures represents the anointing power which I've just said I'm repeating now that God sent into his elect of that age to combat the power of Satan that had been released at that age. I I think that you'll all agree we live in a very different society today than people even just aund years ago. In fact, his society uh and civilization carried on for even hundreds and thousands of years for very little change. I've been to countries where they're plowing with a stick. Over here, they have just incredibly uh huge equipment and they're they're plowing the land and uh fertilizing the land and doing all kinds of things. and you just go on an 8-hour jet flight and you land in some country and they're holding a stick behind an ax and turning over a little bit of soil. It doesn't sound it doesn't look like you're in the same world. &gt;&gt; And they've been doing that for centuries and centuries and centuries and centuries and they're not unintelligent people. They're not ignorant people. They things just have not changed. But for us it has changed and for much of the world it has changed. And so uh we have to see that that uh even spiritually speaking there have been uh times and eras there has been seasons when sin has been perhaps more rampant or Satan has used a different tactic in his approach to bring humanity under his domain under his dominion. So now I'm just I'm giving just a a a background here. So we have the four living creatures, four beasts the scripture calls it. And we have the four horse riders which is actually the power of antichrist that Satan worked through in each age. Now in the messages I'm just going to make reference. We have the white horse, the red horse, the black horse, and the pale horse. Brother Brandham says concerning the white horse, "This is the Satan's superman with education, with wisdom, with church theology of his own word, his own making, and he rides his white denominational horse to deceive the people, and he will conquer every religion of the world." Now in that statement he is showing what it is &gt;&gt; and also link tying it to a prophecy. It will conquer every religion of the world. &gt;&gt; The red horse in the third seal he says then he jumps off his white horse. The white horse rides on out. Now he straddles what? A red horse. Blood. Blood red horse. He really rides that one. He said now he's given a great power and a great sword to kill. Then he rides his red blood red horse and that's the age of the martyrs. Then a black horse. Now here he is on his black horse now coming forth the dark age. That was that time, just about the time after the church got set up and got in power. They smothered out everything else and went through hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of years is what every reader knows that was the dark ages. And how many know that? Sure. He said the dark ages that's your dark horse representing the dark age. So then Satan when he could not by cruelty and on that red horsepower when he could not quench and put out and extinguish the light of the gospel and the power because God each time sent out his anointing of the living creature upon the elect of that age and when he could not do it by martyr is uh m through the martyr martyring of the people they we always say 68 million But people have been slain. That was just that era at that time. And it's recorded 68 million were slaying. Can you imagine riding the power of the red horse but could not extinguish the flame of the gospel because God the prophet said what what could they do? H how could they do anything else but run into it? And that's why they freely gave their lives. And when people when that power is trying to extinguish that antichrist power said if you don't deny if you don't deny your faith we're going to take your life. They said take it take it. They couldn't give it fast enough because they were anointed to do that. Think of that. Isn't it marvelous that God always sent a power that Satan was never able to quench the flame of the gospel of Jesus Christ because they freely gave their lives. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And God's got a power on this age as well. &gt;&gt; You got to know that we're not here powerless. We haven't run out of gas. We haven't run out of energy. Amen. &gt;&gt; We're empowered &gt;&gt; by the same spirit and whatever tactic Satan may use, there's more than adequate power and the church will prevail. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And so this black horse then then he ta came into political powers into a political realm and outlawed the gospel outlawed it and we came into dark ages. But even during that time, hundreds of years of dark ages that Satan was not able even through all his political and religious power, he was not able once again to extinguish the truth of the gospel of Jesus Christ because people were uh they were able to go to they were willing to go to any degree that was required of them to live true to the gospel of Jesus Christ. And so that was the black horse. Now the pale horse, which brother Brandham describes in the fourth seal, he said, notice the antichrist was on a pale horse, a mixed color. Really, the pale horse is the white, the red, and the black. All of those powers combined and making a pale horse. Whereas also, and that's why it's the most deceptive of all ages, that's why Jesus said that that he would deceive the very elect if it were possible. But it's not possible. But it would be such a deceptive age. And you people are living, we are living in the most deceptive of all ages. &gt;&gt; Because all the combination of the white horse, everything, all the deception of the white, all the cruelty of the red and all the darkness of the black are combined together into this one power at the end time. I can tell you we have a leodyian age where everybody has their rights but don't ever forget there's a very cruel aspect and and we don't have maybe out uh out in the forefront the cruelty is denied or will take your head off or take your life or whatever more but it's working through the uh I will say the political powers to try to bring forth uh laws bring forth uh regulations and bring forth things in a in a political realm that that bring great great pressure on the people. Well, we have it. We have it. You have it on a on a daily basis and but you're not as aware of it because it's working in such a de devious cunning way. Amen. &gt;&gt; We have it. I can't even describe it and I don't even like to get on it. But we have it right here, right in this city of Suriri at this moment where two women who are lesbians have succeeded in getting uh a court of law and a judge to pass legislation that that and they're trying to they're trying to bring it down right now as I'm standing here trying to bring it down into our educational system that it must be taught uh the the children of this city must be taught uh uh this kind of uh a sexual orientation and further for the first time they're trying to get passage that you as parents will not be permitted to take your children out of that class. Well, I can tell you what they could put me to jail for the rest of my life as long as they want. My children would never be subjected to that fact. &gt;&gt; Never. And I say to you over the pulpit, I wouldn't care if they came in and arrested me at this moment. I say to you over the pulpit to you people, never let your children be subjected to that kind of thing. And that's the kind of thing that that's where he's working working in that kind of thing. It's in the it's in the newspapers. I don't subscribe to any newspaper, but they get delivered to my door. And that thing makes me uh spiritually ill &gt;&gt; to think that people and there's a lot of innocent people, a lot of good churchgoing people who are going to be subjected to that and they're going to count to it. They're going to bend to it because it because it's simply coming through that kind of a channel. Now, to me, that is cruel. &gt;&gt; It's dark. &gt;&gt; And it's deceptive. &gt;&gt; It's everything that's described in those three three horse riders. Don't get me onto that or we won't get past where we want to go this morning. Said he rides on a pale horse. And I'm giving you this quote so that because there's perhaps some confusion when that is happening. said rides on a pale horse as he appears on his ride. This last ride he's on this uh last now now he said that is not in our day. See I could I could possibly believe that it was because I feel that it is but he says that is not in our day. That will be on down. It's the seal foretold. The church has done gone up when this happens. So when the full force of all of the Antichrist power that will be in a tribulation period and we thank God for this prophecy, the church will be gone. &gt;&gt; The bride will be gone. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We'll be done with this &gt;&gt; old world. &gt;&gt; I say you can have it. &gt;&gt; Take this old world. Give me Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. So a different color horse depicting the tactics used by Satan at certain times. Now I have a lot to quote. You don't mind that? Because the service today has both a negative and a positive aspect to conquering and to conquer. And unfortunately I probably won't get beyond the negative aspect. So remember people, you can say amen when it's negative, but it doesn't apply to you. &gt;&gt; In the fifth seal, he said, "Now you see the four beasts rode, and now each age, here's each age or each power that rode behind it." Here's each age and each power that rode behind it. the I'm just giving some quotes now for for statements that I've just made. He said, "And here's the scripture that shows what the enemy's rider did." So, we have the enemy's writer that's been revealed in these seals. And also it's been revealed now that each beast power that God sent out to combat it hits exactly on the dot up to the eagle time up to this age. So that each Satan would ride out and God would send a power upon his elect to combat that and they were victorious every time. Amen. &gt;&gt; And the seed shall not be heir with a shock. He said, "Now remember according to Revelation, the whole mystery of the book is sealed with seven seals that the reformers didn't have a chance to bring forth the four stages of reforming." Four stages. Four living creatures, four horse riders, four stages of reforming. He said the four stages of the beasts that went out to meet the four powers of the world. the four stages of the living creatures or the beasts as it's called in Revelation to ride out uh to meet the four powers of the world. He said what was the first that went out? He said a lion to meet the Roman age and that was the word the original. He's the lion of the tribe of Judah. Christ himself went to meet that age. Jesus said to the disciples, I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you. And so he said, "It's expedient for you that I go away. If I don't go, the Holy Spirit can't come." Because that spirit of God was in him. He was the fullness of the Godhead bodily. And so he physically departed and the Holy Spirit, which was the very spirit of Christ, came down into the church. And the church was birthed at Pentecost. and and and the perfect word was given to the apostles and that was the power that went out to combat the Antichrist spirit. &gt;&gt; The white horse rider, the white horse rider went out. He said he's he's mighty in his conquering power. Is a great fellow in his conquering power. And you want to tell me who he is? He said he's the antichrist. Now anti Anti is in the room of instead of in the place of that's anti antichrist. And that's why you'll find brother Brennham saying in the message anti- Christ talking of the pope as the viker of Christ which is in the place of Christ. And so you see the seat that that Satan has established that he's going to use for that purpose. The first record we have of this anti-spirit is actually in heaven. Satan said it came into his heart or into his being. We do not understand the structure of angels as such. But the Bible says that iniquity was found in his heart. &gt;&gt; And a prophet comes in this day and you don't hear it anywhere else. But he says the first war was in heaven. &gt;&gt; And I have questions about that, but they will be answered sometime. I'm not going to be worried about it. I I I'm just curious to know how it started in such a perfect place as heaven. But the first war was in heaven. And the war was anti-word because Satan said in his heart, he said this, "I will ascend above the heights of the clouds and I will be like the most high." In other words, I will displace I will move out of my position. I will move into another position that's not been given me. I am anti-word. I've been created by God, but I am I am going to ascend to a position that was not given him. And that is the first example of anti- Christ, anti-word in the greatest battle he ever fought, ever fought. He says, he said this, this great first battle that was ever fought began in heaven when Michael and his angels fought against Lucifer and his angels. That was the first battle in heaven. Now, Satan appears in Eden. So, we move on. He appears in Eden at the and he approaches Eve with this word. Hath God said? And it's very very interesting because he comes with something a beginning that is so innocent. And if you want to look in the Bible for a question mark, that happens to be the first question mark in the Bible because it's the first question in the Bible. It's the first question in the history of what we have in the whole spiritual realm. And that was presented by Satan himself through the serpent. Asked the first question. There's a reason for asking a question because often you know Satan will come to you as an individual and in your own excuse me in your own uh in your own inner self you'll have question say you know do you really think you're a believer do you really think look at the errors you make look at the mistakes you make look at how weak you are look at how frail look at the failures that you've made. Who's that that's bringing that? It's not the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; It's not the Holy Spirit. Satan, he operates on question. &gt;&gt; You really think you're a member of the bride? You really think you're You really think you're saved? You really think you're going to heaven? You really think you're going? That's him. &gt;&gt; And he's asking that for a good reason. Because in asking a question, it tends to destabilize a person. It it it it raises a doubt in a person's mind. &gt;&gt; Do you really think you really think the message is true? You really think it is what people have said it is? You really think that miracle? You really think that power? You really think that he can heal? You really think he can deliver? You really think you can be? That's him. &gt;&gt; And it destabilizes a person. when you even hear even within the realms of the of the message, you'll hear uh someone come and maybe say, "Uh, you you you really think you've got the revelation of the word? You really think that you have it there? You really think that your church has it? You really think they have the revelation of the word?" And it destabilizes a person because it raises a question, uh, well, don't we? Do we? And that's where they come in, slip in, say, "Ah, but I have something for you. I've got something special. &gt;&gt; Now they've destabilized the person. I've got what you really need to stabilize. You notice I'm going to just walk you through this a wee bit. This is a little different for me. I'm not preaching so much. And the serpent was more subtle. than any beast of the field. There's a beast there. He's a wild one. &gt;&gt; This one can't be tamed. &gt;&gt; Cain couldn't be tamed. &gt;&gt; Ishmamail couldn't be tamed. Judas couldn't be tamed because they're all of the same race. &gt;&gt; And there's groups today can't be tamed. Won't receive the word of God. They're antagonistic against it. There's people who do want to even go say on one hand, "Oh, we love Jesus. We love Jesus. Would you like to be baptized in his name? What do you mean?" And forsake the Trinity. &gt;&gt; Can't even find the word in the Bible. &gt;&gt; I can find the word Jesus in the Bible all through it. I can find where they baptized in his name in the Bible. But there's people become antagonistic immediately. Oh, I know that spirit. &gt;&gt; That's not the spirit of God. &gt;&gt; Spirit of Christ loves that. Do all things in his name? So, he's more subtle than any beast of the field? And he said unto the woman, "Hath God said, you shall not eat of every tree of the garden?" First question. And the woman said unto the serpent, "We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden, but of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden, God has said, you shall not eat of it, neither shall you touch it, lest you die." That's what God said. And the serpent said unto the woman, now he's taking a second step. The first one was a question. Now he comes with a statement. Ye shall not surely die. See how brazen that is? You see the pattern of it? Raise a question, destabilize the mind, and then come in with a statement, you shall not surely die. In other words, this isn't the way. That's not completely the truth. And that was the anti-word, &gt;&gt; antirist, same spirit there. And uh and he said, "You shall not surely die." And now he goes on to say, "For God doth know that in the day you eat thereof, then your eyes will be opened, and you shall be as gods, knowing good and evil." In other words, you're going to attain to something. You're going to reach into a realm that you won't reach into if you remain here in this status. You've got to accept this my counsel, my word, which is anti-word, antichrist, anti- good. So now what what really is it? It is taking this instead of that instead of what God has said. So he's actually instead of anti-word. The reason I did that I I want to go back to the beginnings. You need to go back to beginnings to find out because some of the things that now brother Brandham has said about this opening of this seal is is so simple and remember it is in simplicity. And so he's if we go back to the beginnings. So he says, "And I saw and I saw when the lamb opened one of the seals and I heard as it were the noise of thunder, a voice, and one of the four beasts saying, now he heard this, come and see. I I'm just I really want you to lay a hold and pinch your conscience be for what I'm going to say now. This first seal is two verses. And God has sealed has sealed up some incredible truth in two verses which you can read and people have read and theologians have read and I have read and all kinds of preachers have read for years and years and years and we don't really come up with a solution. a prophet comes and he and he deals with it and even when you read it in the in the message and hear the prophet speak about it unless God will somehow give us an entrance we pass over it &gt;&gt; and don't really grasp what it is and so I was I've been really pondering these things and my statement to you is this and I saw and behold a white horse and he that sat on him had a bow and a crown was given on him and he went forth conquering and to conquer and that's the end of it. What in all of the realm of spiritual thought, what can be locked up in there that was so incredibly important that God would keep that sealed, some truth sealed in these few lines for all these centuries of time. What is it? for centuries of time. Now I get into the message. I'm going to move through it now just that I have your attention. He says that this white horse rider this power he has a bow. Prophet says quickly no arrows. He's a bluff. That's number one. He's a a and a crown was given unto him. He didn't he didn't, shall I say, correctly inherit that crown, but it's given to him, and he went forth conquering and to conquer. Yet there's no indication as to how he conquers or what it is that he conquers. There's no indication of that. What method will he use to do this? We know and I don't think it's a great mystery to a lot of people that this is some power that is rolled out into the world and he's given uh he's given a bow. And I've read where other men have said and they've noticed he has no arrows. He has no arrows. It's not only brother Brandham that has seen that. They see it. Men who thinks of it, they look at it and say, "He has no arrows, but he's got a bow and he's riding out." But who is he? And what method does he use? And what is he to do? And some say he's Antichrist. But that's where they end. They don't they don't uh they're not able to uncover. &gt;&gt; And that's what a prophet is all about. to pull the veil off and uncover how he's doing it and show his deception so that we do not have to be ignorant. And it should be very very clear to us when it's all done. And that's my purpose of simply taking what a prophet has said. He says, "And now in the second seal, he's going back and just reviewing this first one, picking it up a wee bit." He says, "And when he started, well, he's just a little doctrine. When he starts, this is what he is, the Antichrist." That's that's exactly what he came to Eve when he said, "Hath God said?" So, opens up her mind. A question. You got to be very careful about questions. &gt;&gt; You got to make sure it's God asking a question. And then when he got a response from her, then he came with a doctrine. And the doctrine was you won't really die. In fact is you're going to you're going to rise to heights that you couldn't get if you don't accept this. Now he's coming with his doctrine. So he said he came first with a doctrine in amongst he said called nicicoleinism. Now for all you young people and everyone here that doesn't understand nicolotinism nickel is is to to overpower or to take under control. Nicolotinism is to conquer the leoty. The people something to conquer the people. That's going to be surprise to you. It was a surprise to me. That is his intent to conquer the people. Nickelanism. So how is he going to do this? Now there's the question. And he says, "Of course, it wouldn't it wouldn't slay anything." See, in this first white horse rider, it wouldn't slay anything. He said, "That's Revelation 2 and 6. If you want to put it down, he wouldn't slay anything. It's just a doctrine." &gt;&gt; See, the serpent said nothing to Eve. I'm showing way back there, there was Antichrist spirit. He didn't say anything to Eve about you're going to die. He says, "You're you're not going to die. It's just a doctrine, just a spirit amongst the people." Now, he said he wouldn't slay anything. Oh, he's just so innocent. And I want you to hold on to that word. He's just so innocent. You know, there's a lot of innocent things, and I hope to maybe'll be able to touch on some. There's a lot of innocent things that we engage in &gt;&gt; in this world that except for the grace of God, they're very dangerous. &gt;&gt; It's just so innocent. It comes in so innocent. &gt;&gt; And I want that this congregation and all who listen to me this morning really lay hold of some of these things that we treat innocently, but they're very dangerous. Amen. &gt;&gt; He said he was so innocent riding in riding on his white horse. He says, "Well, you know, you can have a great worldwide church. We could call it the universal church." They still do. And oh, it's so perfectly innocent. It's so innocent. It's just a group of men and we've come together for fellowship. very innocent, very white, a white horse. So now he's got a group of people coming together. They're coming together for fellowship or whatever more. It's so innocent. He says, secondly, the second thought that must be impressed on our hearts is that the seven church ages started out with started out with the Antichrist spirit as well as the Holy Spirit. And so now we've gone from heaven where there was an anti-word to Eden where there's an anti-word. And now we've come right up to the New Testament church being birthed and the prophets saying now there is both the both the Holy Spirit and antichrist spirit. Let me give you the scripture for it. Here's the scriptures. 1 John 2:18. Little children, it is the last time and as ye have heard that antichrist shall come even now are there many antichrist whereby we know it is the last time. So already the apostle John is saying it's already here &gt;&gt; and the prophet comes in this day says it was there at that time when he describes it and ties it together with the white horse in revelation saying he was so innocent just looked so uh unthreatening. &gt;&gt; It's it's so innocent and that's what surprises and takes people. Now John also said the apostle John 1 John 4:3 and every spirit that confessth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God and this is that spirit of antichrist whereof you have heard that it should come and even now already is in the world. &gt;&gt; So now that's exactly what brother Brandham is referring to. So, like it was with Eve, Satan appealed to her reasoning and that part of the human psyche. I want you now to listen very close as it was with Eve and and that part of the human psyche that he appealed to and that is that people all of us are at at some have some uh part of the our human makeup that we are impressed with greatness. We could say great skill, great abilities, great wealth, great intelligence, great whatever, greatly gifted, an orator, an author, a writer, an actor, a sports uh person, someone who's who's highly accomplished. There's something that impresses us. You're nice and quiet. But that happens to be the case. Some are impressed with great strength. Some are impressed with great beauty. How lovely that is. How beautiful this person is. How handsome they are. How skilled they are. Oh, I wish I had their mental powers. I wish I could I I wish I uh uh I just wish I had their their gift. Oh, the great greatness of music or musicians or whatever it might be. And soon as a person uh becomes known that uh they are they are of a certain status uh immediately there's a level of respect that is given to that and I want to be quick to say I don't believe that should be degraded or taken away from that person but it has to be held within certain parameters or it becomes very dangerous. those skills, those talents, those gifts and so on are given to a person by God Almighty himself has been given. But that's what Satan appeals to. &gt;&gt; And so now I'm breaking into the main part of the message. Are you following me thus far? What is perceived? And we're all very very different on this subject. What is perceived as as greatness? As different as we all are, there are some that are impressed with one thing. Next person sitting right beside him said, "That doesn't impress me a bit." Some person looks at some piece of art and they said, "Oh my, this is so incredible." I said, "They ought to take it off the wall, burn it, as far as I'm concerned." Someone hears a piece of music says, "Oh, I got invited once many years ago. I got to know the uh he was the symphony director in Victoria and he wanted me to do something for him and so I was attempting to do what he wanted me to do and he invited me to come to the symphony. So I took my wife and we went to the symphony. It just all I could do to stay awake. And here's other people. Oh, they're just raptured by this beautiful symphony music. And I like symphony, but somehow I got bored with that symphony. I couldn't understand it. And the only thing I could get bored more with would be ballet or something else. And somebody playing, you know, one of these things. and and I I've heard I've heard some of this high screeching and I've said to my wife cuz my hearing isn't all that good. Do you understand any word yet? I've heard some choirs and the choirs I love music and the choirs sing and it's a it's a you know several hundred voice choir and it's all up so and all I wonder I just want to hear the words. What are they saying? &gt;&gt; Have you heard a word yet? My wife's got excellent hearing and she loves music, too. So I say, "Have you heard a word yet?" No, I don't understand them. What good is their singing if you don't understand it? &gt;&gt; It it isn't that is that reasonable? I happened to be in a service and uh brother Brandon was the speaker and a woman got up and she had a very very fine voice and I say that rather loosely but she could reach way up into the you know the degrees that would hurt could hurt the normal eard drum and she got up and sang just before Brother Brandham was to come out and preach. And she sang The Holy City. And for those of you that don't know that song, I mean, that song's got an incredible range. And she could reach it way up there and hold it. It's incredible. And Brother Brandham's in the back someplace, you know, he's or maybe he's still in the car. I don't know. And he comes in, he says, 'Oh, oh, he said, 'I love the I love good music and I love when people, you know, sing and worship. He says, something I can't stand is when people just screech way up there and and and he and he described her song perfectly. And I just, oh, I shut my kind of hid my face because I thought, my goodness, he described it right to the ladder. No, some people love that. I don't know why, but they love it. And I don't, and I don't know why I don't love it, but I I like to understand what do I have some friends here? You like to understand what's being said? So, we're impressed with different things and and pay, you know, they try to say, well, no, I'm not impressed. as soon as they say somebody won the lottery and they just won $5.49 million or whatever it was. Yeah. Don't tell me you don't get impressed. You started think, man, what I couldn't do with that. We're impressed with that. A few days ago, a lady in Florida died. And she lived a very frugal life. Maybe some of you have read about her. I don't even know how we heard, but it's just the last few days. And she she lived in a small condominium. And when she died, which is just I think last week, she left her estate. And nobody nobody even knew she had an estate. She lived she she didn't live poor, but she just lived very frugal in a small condominium. She had had trouble with one lung and had it operated on for whether it was cancer or something, I can't remember. And she had two brothers that had died from a certain disease. And she left her entire estate and she would not let anybody know that she had an estate because she did not want any credit and she did not want it. It could not be announced till after she was dead to make sure that she wouldn't get any attention or any credit for what she had done. She wanted to be completely anonymous. And she gave 35.6 million to charity to one charity for to help to find an answer to this disease that had taken her brothers and uh I think she g left it to two charities. Well, people are impressed. I mean, people are impressed, but there's nobody to, you know, there's nobody to exalt. There's nobody to get impressed with it. She just gave it freely. And that's that's just the last few days ago. But people become impressed with various things. Now, I said all of that to say here's how the antichrist spirit actually moved in. Satan does not how how did a third of the angels of heaven become drawn by Lucifer? Because they were impressed with him. &gt;&gt; They were impressed with him. He held a status. He held a position. And they were impressed with him. They were impressed with whatever he presented to them. And now he's on in in in Eden trying to do the same thing, the same exact spirit. Say, "Oh, well, we see it there. We see it in Eden. Where's it here?" Don't worry, it's right here. &gt;&gt; You still with me? &gt;&gt; And so now, Brother Brandham takes it. He says, "And notice the stages. The first stage he came, the first stage he came in, the Holy Ghost fell and the people had everything in common. And the spirit of God was upon them. And the apostles went from house to house breaking bread with the people. And there was great signs and wonders wrought. And then the first thing you know, Satan began to cause a murmur to come up. And then after a while, these slaves, these slaves and the poor of the land had received the Holy Ghost and they went out into different places testifying. They testified to their masters. &gt;&gt; So now the poor people, blessed are the poor, they have the gospel preached to them. the poor had received the people from the street. Where did you and I come from? Uh we haven't come from some eloquent perhaps sophisticated community but the people then they came and they became the slaves went everywhere and they begin to testify about what was happening. People want to know what kind of a message you believe. How come? And you all have it. You all have had it at one point in time. Why are you the way that you are? Where does your great strength lie? &gt;&gt; How is it that you are able to live and sustain yourself in this vile generation and be what you are? I'm going to ask some direct questions. What makes your family what it is? What makes the young people what they are? What makes the ladies what they are? What makes the wives what they are? What makes the homes what they are? Nothing but the word of God. &gt;&gt; And so people are they're they're they admire and they're drawn to that. You may have had all kinds of uh difficulties in your life or in your home or with your children or whatever more but nevertheless there is a quality there is a certain characteristic about the word of God the message of the hour there is a certain quality which those that are around they see it they view it some express something don't but it is it is readily identified &gt;&gt; it's readily recogn recognized at least &gt;&gt; are you following me? &gt;&gt; I know of what I'm speaking and maybe someone who you are uh connected with or you are you are engaged with might well be that they don't voice it. But it' be surprising to you if people uh were free to say, and some are, and they they make some comment about what it is that you believe, what it is, where are you coming from, and what how is it that you have this kind of a this kind of a life, this kind of a family, this kind of a home. And that is not unusual. But the b but the prophet is saying that they testified to their masters. Now listen, I'm getting down to the meat of it. And after a while and after a while, I want you to hang on to that. After a process of time, there began to come all like army captains. That was in that day because they were under a military rule of Rome. And so after the Holy Spirit fell and signs and wonders and a different kind of a life now, now it was not God above the people. It was not God with the people. It was God in the people. And don't tell me that that can't be recognized, that can't be seen. You can't even hide that when you are born again and it's God in the person and you are baptized with the Holy Ghost and the word becomes flesh in you. &gt;&gt; I declare you can't even hide that. &gt;&gt; You can't hide that. You're a new creature in Christ Jesus. You can't hide that. And so some people look at it and they they are antagonistic against it. They don't like that. They don't like to be uh uh they don't like to be associated with it. They don't like to see it. But the other person they admire it. Lots of people admire what they have seen in the message. Do you think that the message wasn't admired? You think that the life of your life of brother Brandham wasn't admired? Admired by millions. You might as well recognize it. It was admired by millions of people. And his ministry was admired, but it could not pay the price of accepting what it took to have that kind of a life. Amen. &gt;&gt; And after a while begin to come in like army captains and the different people, the celebrity begin to see the gallantry and the miracles and the signs that these men done. So they accepted they accepted Christianity. Never said they were born again. They just accepted Christianity. And I see even within the realm of the message all kinds of people, they see it, they admire it, they respect it, and they want it, but they never come to birth. They just accept it &gt;&gt; and walk in. And uh and and sometimes people of respect, people of stature, people of of wealth, people of power, people of skills, people of intelligence, people of whatever they are. They come in at different status, different levels. And then from within now, and here's the crux of the matter. And the prophet is revealing how antirist spirit got in and how it worked. He's uncovering it right here. &gt;&gt; This is where it was. And these people came in amongst the the the body of believers. And instead of them being transformed by the same power that made the believers what they were, then the body of believers began to be influenced by what these people were and brought in the people under nicicoatanism. Nicicoleanism did not come from the pulpit. Nickelanism came from an outside influence upon the people upon the believers and they became impressed with sir. &gt;&gt; Now watch it real close and they accepted Christianity. Well, then when they embrace Christianity to go down there to a place where they're meeting in a little old dark dingy hall and clap their hands and shout and speak in tongues and getting messages. Why? He could never that individual who just accepted he could never take he could never take that to his competitor or whatever it is in his business. He'd never believe it like that. Certainly not. So, he's got to dress it up. &gt;&gt; See, I hope that I'm able to really make myself clear. It's the dressing up that's the problem. Jesus said to the scribes and the Pharisees in his time, he said, uh, you garnish or you dress up or you shine up the tombs of the prophets. Because in so doing, they were identifying themselves with the prophets. But they needed to they needed to garnish. They needed to dress up. they needed to uh embellish the tombs of the prophets and and by doing so they were taking away kind of the the roughness and the and the uh the that part of the prophets that caused them to be slain back there. They were doing away with that. And by doing so, they were also saying, "We're we're identified with the prophets." And Jesus said that you're the children of those that slew the prophets, and now you're up here centuries later. You're shining them all up. &gt;&gt; If time were to go on, there would no doubt be an element within the message that would try to shine Brother Brenam up. Amen. &gt;&gt; Try to shine it up to take away the perhaps the the course and the uh the uh things that would be considered maybe crude to be said. But on the other hand, some of those things I would say the message is as strong as it is because it took that to cut you loose. &gt;&gt; And anything less than that would not have cut you loose. And so then some come in and say, "Well, you know, we we need to really embellish this. We need to really adorn this. We really need" And so these that came in from the world, and quite frankly, this is exactly what happened. They brought in with them their pagan, &gt;&gt; their pagan rights and rituals. And we would not think of them as being pagan pagan in the sense that you're going to bow down to some idol and do some worship. But they brought in their ideas. They brought in their thought on this thing and they had their suggestion. And so then the people, you know, they're uh humble believers of the message and they they say, "Well, you know, I'm not of the status this individual is. I don't have their skills. I don't have their respect. The these are people of of you know notable people. These are people of renown. And so it it turns out then that they begin to influence and affect the very work of God when in fact the thing that should be we should be impressed with is the is the word. And brother Brandon talk about being impressed with the word. I am impressed as I as I pondered this message today. I'm impressed with the vindication of this message. I'm very impressed with it. I've been impressed with it for 30ome years now. I'm impressed that God could take a man and speak through his mouth and tell people their sins or their diseases or whatever. I'm impressed with that. And I want God to hear. I'm impressed with that. I'm impressed with what you did in this generation. I'm impressed with the manifestation of the word of God. I'm impressed with what it does in an individual's life. I'm impressed that people have been able to stand year after year after year under a under in the uh condition of such degradation in this generation that they've been able to withstand it. I'm impressed with that. I'm impressed with the young people that can stand in this promiscuous society and remain virgin before God. I'm impressed with that. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I say hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'm impressed with the gospel of Jesus Christ. I'm impressed with this message. &gt;&gt; And that's what impresses me. I'm impressed that we could remain year after year after year and remain in the simplicity of the gospel of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We're not here. Our calling is not for refinement, &gt;&gt; not to refine things like they do in the food industry. Refine it and refine it until there's no food value there any longer. And they refine the gospel. refine it and refine it and Greek it and Hebrew it until it the the essence of it is gone. We want the Holy Spirit of God to take the word and drive it down into the hearts of the people that they come in here one way and go out changed and go out affected, go out impressed. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That was the Antichrist spirit. That's how it came in. That's how it came into the church in the early church. And those early saints became impressed. We're impressed with success. When people have success, I'm not impressed really with failure. But don't be very careful that something can appear to be failure and be a great success. Amen. &gt;&gt; There's people who struggle through life and you that may be in this state. You may be struggle with life. You may struggle with the difficulties of life. You may struggle financially. You may struggle emotionally. You may struggle with a lot of things. And we all have our own unique special difficulties. But remember one thing that shall never affect your spiritual life or your spiritual calling. If God has called you into this life, he didn't call you to be a failure. He called you to be a victorious success. &gt;&gt; And success is not measured by how high a person's gone in their job, how many promotions they have, how many raises they have, how much money they have, what kind of a house they live in, or what kind of a car. That has nothing to do with success. Absolutely nothing to do with it. And no one should no one should feel under any imposition to kind of bow or kind of give uh you know respect to someone simply because they they are obviously successful. That doesn't have anything to do with it. I want the man that can go on his knees and look up to heaven and make contact with God. That's the person you want when you're in need and you want to call somebody. You want to call somebody you know has a hold of God and can speak and can pray and God will hear them. &gt;&gt; That's the spirit of Christ in the congregation. &gt;&gt; So he's got to dress it up. &gt;&gt; It's going to be just a few more minutes. I'm going to let you go. He says, "So they begin to get together. They they've got to dress it up. So they begin to get together and to think. That was a bad that's big serious problem. Get together and to begin to think. Now we'll form something a little different. I tell you what, friends, that's the seal. That is what I've been talking about for the last 15 20 minutes. That's the white horse rider. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And that's how he operates. And that's how he gets in. He brings in something of of glamour, something of beauty because he is a creature of beauty. and he catches the attention of the people and and he and and he makes them his purpose is to get them impressed. So they're impressed with that. Let me say something here too quickly. There's an element within society and and and it's very very evident in in our time and that is people have uh they've kicked over all the you know they don't want to be identified with anything that is uh neat or tidy you know put the roughest old hat I can on and and excuse me brothers and let me have, you know, four day beard always on. I don't know where that come from. Uh, but anyway, I just had one, so I'm not making a religion out of it, but let me be just as rough as I can. And uh I've seen young people, not so young either, and girls are young ladies are worse than the fellas, come with such terribly torn holes in their jeans that I'm ready to offer them a pair of mine that I ready to throw away. And then I find out those that I got big holes in, they're worth more money than a brand new pair. So people buy those. &gt;&gt; Excuse me. &gt;&gt; They buy those things. I've thrown away a lot better ones than that. Where does that come from? Well, because you know it's rough and rugged and be a little on the dirty side. And people kind of glory in that. They kind of glory in being, you know, walking on their pants and wearing the What am I saying? That doesn't impress me either. &gt;&gt; But some people are impressed with it. They're actually impressed with it. &gt;&gt; They're impressed with the slouch. They're impressed with what you know and it's it's weird. &gt;&gt; It's really weird. &gt;&gt; You know where I'm coming from. &gt;&gt; And so some are impressed with that. Some are impressed with the refinement. You know, I think for the believer, you say, "What is what what what should be our station? What should be our what should be our status?" I think we should live simply live with what I believe that God can give you a good suit of clothes. You can be clean. That should have no effect on coming into the house of God. If you haven't got a suit, that's fine. Wear the best p best pair of pants you have. Wear the best dress that you have. Come into the house of God. And that's all God requires a clean heart. He and and we come in here and we should be just uh we should be sincere people just be sincere and and more than sincerity we we should respect the house of God respect our homes respect those that we have around us and and if God blesses you fine if God doesn't bless you financially or material or whatever more that that has nothing to do with our spiritual life &gt;&gt; understand and we need to ask what What are we impressed with? &gt;&gt; I want you to ask yourself, what what are we really impressed with? Well, there's a brother over here really doing well, and there's a sister over here, and my oh my, they've they've made a lot of money, or they've done a lot of this, or what? Well, what's that got to do with it? &gt;&gt; I can tell you, maybe they did, but it has nothing to do with the gospel of Jesus Christ. Has nothing to do with the house of God. Has nothing to do with the worship in the house of God. you know, where we're just not impressed with those things. Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Can I just have five minutes and I'm going to close at 12:30. The scripture says, I want to give some scriptures. My brethren, have not the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Lord of glory, with respect of persons. have not the faith of Jesus Christ with respect of persons. For if there if if there come one come unto your assembly a man with a gold ring in goodly apparel and there come in one also a poor man in vile raignment. Now the scripture is very clear. One man comes in, he's got goodly apparel. He's got a gold ring. The other man, he didn't say he comes in with vile raignment. Says he's a poor man. and he comes in with vile raignment and you have respect to him that wearth a gay clothing and say unto him sit thou here in a good place and say to the poor stand thou there or sit here under my foottool said are ye not then partial in yourselves and are become judges of evil thoughts so it's not a spiritual thought it's not it's not what God respects Now the if we want to know what respect of persons is, it is partiality. The fault the fault of one who when called on to give judgment has respect of the outward circumstances of man and not to their intrinsic merits, not to their their qualities within. And so he prefers or so prefers as the more worthy one who is rich, highborn or powerful to another who does not have these qualities. The Bible is very very clear. There are people that are poor but are rich in faith. Amen. &gt;&gt; I say that is what the message that I believe that's what it brings forth. It it it is there to take those that are poor but yet rich in faith. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Now, I'm just going to close on this. We've all heard about Balum and the scripture tells us I've just read it. You don't have to turn to it. It says this, "Woe unto them for they have gone in the way of Cain." That's the way of Cain. They've ran greedily after the hour of Balum for reward and perished in the gains of Kora. It's the way, the hour, and the gains. But in Balam's case, and Balam was a prophet as Moses was a prophet. Brother Brandham says he was a prophet. He's a man of status. &gt;&gt; He's a man that's respected. He's a man that's anointed. And he says the error of Balum. What was the error of Balum? Bailo the king of a heathen country sent people. Well, I won't say they're heathen. Moab, I believe it was. And he wanted Balam to come and curse Israel. And as you know he came and he couldn't curse. No, first he wouldn't come and then he sent greater people more renowned people and tried to persuade him and he wouldn't come and finally even greater people came and offered him great reward and it was at the re at the reward and these great people that were renowned sent right from the king and so he went to curse Israel. when he got to the country, he told them ahead of time, I can only say what God will give me to say. And incidentally, friends, he uh do you know that Balum said one of the most beautiful pieces of literature about Israel? Balam, a false prophet, gave one of the most beautiful. Listen to what he says. And with this I'm closing. And he took up this Balam speaking. And he took up this parable and said, Balam the son of Bor hath said, and the man whose eyes are open hath said, he's speaking of himself. He hath said, which heard the words of God, and knew the knowledge of the most high, which saw the vision of the Almighty, falling into a trance, but having his eyes open. He's describing his experience. I shall see him, but not now. I shall behold him, but not nigh. There shall come a star out of Jacob, and a scepter shall rise out of Israel, and shall smite the corners of Moab, and destroy all the children of Sheth, and Edom shall be a possession. Sier shall be a possession for his enemies. And Israel shall do valiantly. Out of Jo, out of Jacob shall come. He that shall have dominion, and shall destroy him that remainth of the city. And when he looked on Amalecch, he took up his parable and said, Amalecch was the first of the nations. But he but his latter end shall be that he perish forever. And he looked on the Kennites and took up this parable, and said, Strong is thy dwelling place, and thou putest thy neck in a thy nest in a rock. Nevertheless, the Kennite shall be wasted and until Asher shall carry thee away captive. And he took up this parable and said, Alas, who shall live when God doeth this? And ships shall come from the coast of Chhatim, and shall afflict Asher, and shall afflict Abber, and he shall he shall perish forever. And Balam rose up, and went and returned to his place, and Bailac went his way. And the two of them went to their own direction. Now listen to the next verse. And Israel abodeed in Shatim. And the people began to commit whoredom with the daughters of Moab. And they called the people under the sacrifices of their gods. And the people did eat and bowed down to their gods. And Israel joined himself unto Baalpure. And the anger of the Lord was kindled against Israel. Even though this anointed prophet, he how this whole thing happened was that he was impressed with the status of the people that king sent to him and was enticed by the possibility of reward. But he had settled in his heart. He would only say what God would allow him to say. But nevertheless, he went anyway. &gt;&gt; And by going, he influenced others &gt;&gt; who did not have the same thing that he had in his own heart that he would only say what God would have him to say. But when he got there, he blessed Israel, which which just confounded Bailac and made Bailac angry and said, "You've said, I've called you to curse of Israel and you've blessed them." Yeah. &gt;&gt; So the whole thing went sideways as far as bail was concerned, but the whole thing went sideways as far as God was concerned because Balum went down there and and made a way as it was gave an example and the people ended up down there. &gt;&gt; Even though the leader escaped it, the people got drawn in. Are you following me? The people got drawn in. And that was the reward of Balum. Balam went there for reward. It didn't happen. He went his way. Bailac went his way. But the people fell into idolatry through it. &gt;&gt; You know, I was a young man when what is known today as the charismatic movement spread like a spread like a prairie fire. And there are some of you here, you've been in Pentecost. You have been in full gospel. You've been to see. You have lived to see the charismatic movement. Don't tell me that that wasn't a a real wave, a real move. And I sat in churches and watched those that were coming in from all other all other I sat in a church. I saw them come in from the Anglican Church, Church of England, from the United Church. Yes. Catholics. Many of them come in from the Catholic church. I saw them coming in from all manner of churches. And I sat there and I observed. I'm going to tell you something I've never told you. I was one troubled person. My wife, even my children who were very young at that time, I was one troubled person. As I saw the people come in, I saw the jangling earrings. I saw all the uh makeup. Now, now bear with me. Bear with me. I stood on the I sat on the front row where these brothers are sitting. I've even been right at the altar and I watched women wash their makeup off their face with tears of repentance. I saw them wash the rouge off their face and the mascara around their eyes and wash it. Who told them to do that? I don't know. Wasn't me. Wasn't the preacher. And they're sitting right and I'm standing right there just as a boy and looking at them saying they're cleaning their face. They're washing their face. And then years later saw them start to put it back on. Is it a logical question? Was that the Holy Ghost telling to wash it off or is the Holy Ghost now tell him to put it on? &gt;&gt; Sister Lana Maria is sitting here. &gt;&gt; Sister Lana, you won't mind me describing. She came into one of the first services. She first came to a wedding to take pictures and I'll say she was very finely dressed. very fine, attractive young woman come in and beautifully dressed and all made up and has her earrings on something that would be very very uh very much admired in the world. And then she came to a service came I think to the very next service and one of the brothers who was a deacon came up to me and he says this this woman wants to be baptized. Well, I said I would have to talk to her. Here she was with all sitting in the service, all these jangling earrings and all the rest of it. I wasn't going to take her to the baptismal tank that way. And so I went I went to the back and and joined her at the back and wanted have some counsel with her before she should be baptized. And the intent of my heart was this young woman needs to wait. She needs to hear what this gospel is all about. And she needs to know she can't go to a tank like that. And so I'm I'm walking. Oh, she says, "Brother Ed," she says, 'You know, I said, uh, uh, you know, God has just been speaking to me in such a way. I said, well, listen, Sister Wana, I have to say something to you. Yes, yes, yes, I know. I know. I said, no, I have to say something to you. And she was ahead of me all the time. And I said, yeah. She says, "Oh, I know. He's been speaking to me so much. He's been speaking to me so much, by the way." I said, "Well, listen, uh, Lana, before you go to the baptismal tank, you know, I can't take the baptismal tank with, you know, with all these earrings and stuff." Oh, no, no. She says, "I know. I took them all off." She was holding them in her hand. Says, "I I've taken them all off." She, you know, she was all, she was already prepared to go to the tank and she's holding all that in her hand. I said, "Okay, come on to the tank." And we baptized her in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And that's a lot of years ago and she's still here and we're happy over that. I tell you what, but when I saw them come in and I saw them and and it seemed like those that had been filled with the Holy Ghost, speaking in tongues, prophesying all kinds of anointing on them and everything else, they were delighted to see that God was receiving people in pants, receiving them with all kinds of makeup on and all the world hanging on them. And and instead of instead of that power from the inside working out, they let the outside influence the inside. And they were just delighted. Oh, I guess that's, you know, God will accept that. And so on went all of the pant clothes and all went on the cutting of the hair and all went on and all of that. And I actually watched back. I was sick. I was sick. I went into one with this. I'm going to close. I went into one. My children were there. and they went into a sanctuary. And now we're going to begin to have communion. And the two men who are both ministers of the Anglican church were going to give communion. I had just seen them standing outside having a cigarette each. And they came in. I didn't know what they were going to do. all these people, the charismatic movement. I just what are they going to do? And I sat there and then they're going to have communion. And I said to my family, stand up. I said, these men will never give me communion. We're going to walk out in the name of the Lord. And we just departed the place. Never saw it. The only time in my life I was there. But friends, that is the spirit. And look where they are today. Look where it's gone to today. Look where it is today. I mean, it is showmanship. It is, you know, glamour. It is taken over by beauty and all of those things. And there are there are and there will continue to be those that have that uh they've come out of that and they come into the message. I say to you as believers of the message, one thing that we must resolve in our hearts that what changed you must change them. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? What changed you must change them. We never will be impressed with that uh element of the world and and and and the the uh the way that they live or the way that they you know conduct themselves. There's a language of the world. &gt;&gt; You know that there's a language of the world. I don't want the language. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I don't want that language in the house of God. &gt;&gt; There's a standard that the world has. That's not our standard. &gt;&gt; It's not our standard. There's a a conduct of love of life. There's there's a conduct there's a demeanor. There's a there's a way that people have their homes, have their families. That's not the way we do it. We have the way that God has instructed us. Can you say amen to it? &gt;&gt; I've been over my time, but I'm not going to apologize over it. You're going to have to be home and get refreshed and uh come back for the service tonight. Amen. And I wonder if we can just stand. Our Father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. We've come today to stand in your holy August presence. And thank you for your word which is forever settled in heaven. and heaven and earth may pass away, but your word will never pass away. Lord, today I stand here before these people to rejoice in your name and to rejoice in your power. To rejoice in the fact that you have uncovered, you've completely uncovered the enemy's tactics. You've uncovered his method. You've uncovered how he attempts to do things. And we see how this white horse rider has ridden his ride all down through the history of time. And oh God, how I thank you for this message that you have un uncovered his tactic, uncovered his method, Lord. And I pray, Father, that you will give us each one as individuals. Give us a a depth of integrity. Give us a depth, oh God, of insight that we will not be ever taken, Lord. that we will not be drawn aside, that we will not be uh uh we will not let our standards lower, oh God, but to raise them up high and to live valiantly a gallant life for the gospel of Jesus Christ. Oh God, I dedicate this assembly to you in the name of Jesus Christ. I dedicate these families, these individuals. Lord, how I thank you for the faithful ones, Lord, that have come in, have been transformed by the transforming power and have continued year after year after year, have raised their families, have given them the example. And I pray, oh God, you'll honor their prayer, honor their desire. We're looking forward to seeing the mighty power of God in demonstration, in signs and wonders. And the greatest sign I want to see, Lord, I want to see the salvation. There are some that are sitting here that are praying for their young people, for their children, for their partners, husbands and wives and whatever more. Sweep in, oh God, with the mighty power of the Holy Spirit and loose them, I pray, from the clutches of demon powers. Set them free, oh God, and transform their lives. I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'd like to sing since he reached down his hand for me as we close the service now. When he reached down his hand for me. away for me. I lost [Applause] your son away for me. Once my soul was a stray. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey [Applause] [Music] for me [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] his son. [Music] We'll sing the fourth verse, please. Since the Lord gave me peace. Praise the Lord. [Music] Hey for [Music] [Music] me. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. God [Music] is for me. [Music] &gt;&gt; We'll close in prayer. Father, [Music] what privileged people we are that you reached down your hand and found us in the state we were in. [Music] Lord, I just want to come to you in a personal way to give you thanks for the people that are standing here today. They have journeyied some a long distance to be here. No God, we're preparing our hearts also for this evening. We dedicate this day to you. We've come to give you worship and praise. &gt;&gt; We are not living today for ourselves. We're living for you. Amen. &gt;&gt; I pray that you will bless, oh God, the people as they will now have some refreshment and rest to their bodies and return quickened. Oh God, let I pray your Holy Spirit. Now take the words that have been spoken. Let it be pondered in the heart. Cause light, oh God, to strike, I pray, the seed which is the word and let it bring forth a life, a life of beauty, the life of Jesus Christ. I say, Lord, live through me. Live through these people and may the name of God be glorified in the land. I pray father we will follow to the objective to our goal unairringly that we will follow the leadership of your holy spirit. I pray father we'll be sensitive each one cause them to be sensitive Lord not to the exterior of the world around them but maybe from their soul may it be Lord they'll be sensitive to your leadership and on that day Lord when this short brief life is passed we want to be together and we want to rejoice on the other shore in Jesus Christ's name we thank you amen Amen. And amen. I love him. I love him. He loves [Music] me. [Music] Hey, [Music] [Music] I say God bless you. Give you a gracious afternoon. And as I said to you at the beginning of the service that this message actually had two parts. The first would be largely negative part and then a positive part. And now I had to give a lot of background to uh kind of give a introduction to where I was going. And so now next time Lord willing I won't have to go through all of that. God bless you. You're dismissed in Jesus name. Amen. [Music]
