################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2006-09-24 - 06 0924M From Revealing To Fulfillment- Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada) - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2006-09-24
Title:    06 0924M From Revealing To Fulfillment- Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada)
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 27m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTON8o8Gt6Q
========================================

Description:
Video-converted message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Here [Music] I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. Lord, you're all together love, all together worthy, all together wonderful to me. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. Oh, you're all together. All together worthy all you together to stand and sing. Here I am to worship you. Here I am to Lord. Here I am to save you my God. You're all together. We're all together. [Music] All together wonderful to me. [Music] Is that why you're here this morning? Are you here to worship? Are you here to glorify his name? Here to give him praise. Amen. He's worthy of our praise this morning, saints. Amen. And I trust everyone has come here this morning with an attitude of worship. It's not what you want this morning. It's not what I want this morning. It's not what our pastor wants this morning. It's what God wants this morning. Amen. And he wants us to come this morning with a broken and contrite heart. The Lord said he would never despise that. Let's uh turn on the screen this morning number 522. We want Jesus to come this morning. Then Jesus came. One sat alone beside a highway begging. Amen. But then Jesus came and made his darkness flee. Amen. Let's sing it together. One sat alone beside the highway. His eyes were blind. The light he could not see. He clutched his rags and shivered in the shadow. Then Jesus came and made his darkness. [Music] When Jesus comes, the dead power is broken. When Jesus comes [Music] our life away, he takes the world and fills the life with glory for all change. When Jesus comes to stay from home and friends, the evil spirit broke him among the tombs. He dwelt in vis. He cut himself as demon powers possess him. Then Jesus came and set the captive free. When Jesus comes the table is broken. [Music] The tears I He takes the earth and fills the life with glory for when Jesus comes to unclean unclean [Music] crying for me. [Music] In countless sto [Music] but then Jesus came and cast out every fear. When Jesus comes, the tears is broken. When Jesus comes, the tears are away. He takes the world and fill the life with glory for all when Jesus comes today. So men today have found the savior. They could not coner [Music] and sing their brok. [Music] Jesus came and dwelt himself within Jesus the heart is broken. When Jesus comes the tears are away. He takes the and fills the life with glory for all is chang where Jesus comes to stay. [Applause] He has forgiven me. My sin have been washed from his [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] for me. Oh my [Music] Oh, he has for he rejoice in it this morning that he has for my [Music] from [Music] He has for you. &gt;&gt; I bless your name. I bless your name. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] I in prison chains in prison with fleing Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] I bless your name. I bless your name. and some midnight hour. If you should find that you're in Hallelujah. Glory. [Applause] You are the truth. I bless your name. I bless. &gt;&gt; Can you sing it to him this morning? Sing it to him. Lord, I bless your name. Lord, I bless your name. Lord, I give you all. [Music] Give you praise. You are the truth, the way. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. [Music] &gt;&gt; My redeemer is faithful and true. Everything he has said, &gt;&gt; you know that he will do for every. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. My redeemer is faithful and true. &gt;&gt; He be faithful to you this morning. My redeemer is faithful and true. Everything he has said he will do. And every morning his mercies are my redeemer. His faithful this morning. Don't cheer for my redeemer is faithful and true. Everything [Music] you do, every morning his mercies are new. My redeemer is faithful and singing one more time. Oh my faithful and true. [Music] Oh, every [Music] morning she my redeemer is faithful and &gt;&gt; hallelujah. Lord, we bless your name this morning, Father. &gt;&gt; Everything that's within us, Lord. We give you praise. We give you worship, Lord. Oh, bless your name, Lord. Glory to your name, Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to your name, Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Man, it's good to have a brother Kim Dingwall here this morning. Brother Kim, I'm going to ask you if you'd come and open the service in a word of prayer. Uh there's a testimony here this morning from a brother Frank Fletcher. Says, "I want to thank all my dear brothers and sisters for the many prayers regarding the things that were ailing me. The Lord Jesus has helped me of gastroenteritis, Paul of shingles. Glory to his holy name." and uh he just wants to thank everyone and also for his thumb which is much better. Uh Sister Diana Johnson says, "I want to give the Lord glory. Last week when Sister Bondie went to the front for prayer, I also was in need for healing and the pain left. The Lord answers prayers." Brother Tom Frey uh is a woman that uh works with him has asked for prayer for her husband who has a slow growing cancer. Her words were that she believes in the power of prayer. Also, uh, brother Tom is thanking everyone for praying for, uh, sister Kim's family. Her nephew passed away on Friday morning and, uh, thankfully they were able to see him on Wednesday. We're encouraged that God has a plan for her family and they just want to u ask for continued prayer for the family. Also, our brother Isaac Nash is requesting prayer for a friend of his who's not a Christian. and his dad is in the hospital in very serious condition has requested that we pray for him. And also uh I'm requesting prayer this morning. There's a fellow who lives down in Orlando, Florida that uh I've done some work with and we just found out he's been diagnosed with cancer both in the brain and the liver. Very serious. And uh if God doesn't touch him, he's in big trouble and he doesn't uh know the Lord. So I just ask that you'd pray for him this morning as well. Amen. And how many have a need this morning, Brother Kim, as you come, you just lift before the Lord in prayer. And if uh if you're listening in on the internet this morning and you've got a need this morning, you just raise it before him as we go to prayer. Amen. Father, we just bow in your presence this morning. Father, we're just so thankful for your August presence this morning, Lord. Lord, you know I have a desire this this morning to stand in your presence and worship you, Lord. Father, we come into your presence, Lord, after having rubbed our shoulders with the world. And Father, like Aaron's rod, Lord, we just bud and blossom in your presence, Lord. We feel so alive in your presence, oh God. &gt;&gt; Father, we hear the testimonies of how you've moved among us and healed the sick and delivered the afflicted, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, &gt;&gt; Father, that's what we expect in your presence, Lord. And this morning, we just come this morning as we opened in song this morning. We're here to worship you this morning, Lord. Here I am to bow down before you, oh God. To prostate ourselves before the living God this morning, Lord. We love you this morning, Lord. We lift our voices in adoration of you this morning, oh God. But Father, we just ask that you'd make yourself known this morning. We can't even ask that you'd come this morning, Father, for we know you're here already, Lord. Father, we just pray that you'd move up and down and stop at every seat, Lord. Father, may each person here be conscious of your presence this morning, Lord. Father, for in your presence, we find all that we have need of, Lord. Father, it's just so wonderful to stand here this morning with the saints of God and worship you, Lord. Lord, when I was thinking this morning of that song, When Jesus came, there's several hundred testimonies this morning here of when Jesus came. Our lives were changed, Lord. We were set free, Lord, to worship you, God. &gt;&gt; We love you this morning, Lord. [Music] &gt;&gt; And Lord, there's needs among us this morning. Father, may you just raise our consciousness of your presence, Lord, because we know that in your presence we find all we have need of, Lord. And then we ask this morning as the word would come forth, Lord. That you just minister to our hearts personally, Lord. We love you this morning. Have your way, Lord. Bless us as we continue to worship you in your name. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Amen. You may be seated. Thank you, Lord Jesus. [Music] We want to welcome all those who are visiting with us this morning and uh we just are happy to have each and every one of you. Um I got a note here from brother Gary St. John that a brother Andrew from Alaska may be in the service visiting today and left a message that he was coming today. Uh are you here with us, brother Andrew? Don't know if he is or not. If he is, we get you to stand up. Is he here? A long ways from Alaska, so maybe he didn't make it. Anyways, we are happy to have everybody here who's visiting with us. Um, we've got some sisters are going to sing a song for us this morning and uh the name of the song I pronounce it wrong is a Hakuna Wakita and it's in there's uh the song I think the first part is in Shona which is a language they speak in Zimbabwe and the second part is uh is in a language that's spoken in Kenya then they're going to do it in English as Um, so, uh, we're going to maybe get them to come up and, uh, sing for us. And while they're getting while they're, uh, getting ready, we can maybe sing, "These are troubled times, my friends." Amen. Have you seen lots of trouble in the world? Amen. But God is in his people once again. Aren't you thankful? These are troubled times, my friend. So we must be faithful to the end, keeping perfect peace with our Lord and satisfying all his command trying to we reach our reward through the awesome power of his word. be a trouble time my friend but God is in his people once again. will guide his people in fulfilling our proes. The truth or the life manifest the wonders of his glory [Applause] for sing. [Music] God his people once again. And so we must be faithful to God his people. God is his people once again. Fulfilling the promises he has said the truth over the life manifest the wonders of glory again flesh preparing for the day when we see no long [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] A [Music] Bless you. Haku Hakuna May the tempy [Music] father [Music] I Yes. [Music] Oh, the gender gender. Oh, the tal. [Music] There's no one else like Jesus. Jesus. There's no one else like him. There's no one else like Jesus. Jesus, there's no one, there's no one like him. I searched and searched all over over. [Music] There's no one. There's no one like me. How good I am. How good I am. I [Music] man the temp I search and search all Over [Music] hallelujah. There's no one else like Jesus. Jesus. There's no one else like him. There's no one else like Jesus. Jesus. There's no one like me. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] There's no one else. There's no one else like Jesus. There's no one else like [Music] Jesus. [Music] Jesus [Music] like Jesus Jesus Jesus. Jesus. There's no one. There's no one else like Jesus. Jesus. There's no one else like him. There's no one else like Jesus. Jesus. There's no one. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. I agree. Don't you? There's no one else &gt;&gt; but him. &gt;&gt; Amen. Going to let you have your seats for a few moments. We prayed on Wednesday night for the family of Sister Kim Frey's uh sister whose son was uh seriously injured in a motorcycle accident. And that son passed away on Friday morning about uh 7 in the morning, I understand. And so we'd like the congregation if they'd remember especially uh we're not just wanting to remember the family. What we're really wanting to do is pray that God will use uh this accident and this tragedy to make spiritual inroads. &gt;&gt; Do you agree? Everything should have a spiritual impact and to and to allow now the testimony of brother Tom and sister Kim to allow their testimony and their family to make serious inroads into those that have perhaps who knows of the family that have pondered about things of life and perhaps they have wondered about things without ever expressing it. But now we pray that this crisis will cause their hearts to be opened and made tender and may the testimony of this word reach into into their hearts. That's what we desire. So we pray for that and we'll be praying for you, brother Tom Citric. God bless you. At the end of today's service, we're asking that the deacons will have I have a a little survey here. We want we want every person every person 18 and older. The reason we put that is because for most 18 year olds at least are driving. But this is every person in the church that's 18 and over to fill out this survey. We've not had Sunday morning uh Sunday evening services throughout the summer. And uh we had I had good reason to do so. And I gave about 15 10 or 12 or maybe up to 15 uh reasons describing the uniqueness of this church. And so now we are wanting you to fill out this survey which simply says it's very simple. Nobody should make any mistakes. I live in the USA. Either tick that. I live in Canada. I'm a married adult with children. or I'm a married adult with no children. I'm a single adult over 18 years old or I'm a single parent and I'm in favor of one service on Sunday or I'm in favor of two services on Sunday and that's it. You don't have to sign it, but we do want everyone to make one out in uh in this uh yesterday's paper which delivered to my door. Uh the front the front lines is showing the traffic at the Blaine border and I had noticed it but I didn't know exactly why. I had never heard of my 30 6 37 years of living here, we've never experienced hour and a half, two hours, and two and a half hour lineups at the border. But they had announced here that last Thursday the Department of Homeland Security has announced to add a whole array of security and high-tech surveillance equipment and literally turn the entire border between Canada and the United States into what they will call a virtual border uh high-tech. It won't be a a wall as such but it will be a techn high-tech wall and they're going to do it through a whole series of equipment and I suppose maybe during this process maybe that is why we've been experiencing what we've been experiencing. Uh I want to tell you friends that this business of a Sunday morning service, Sunday evening service is something that I have agonized over. This isn't some light thing. And if anyone has in their mind that we're just relaxing and wanting to have more fellowship Sunday evening, just get that out of your head because that doesn't exist. This something I've agonized over for a long time. And even to the point of looking for halls on the US side, thought of having a morning service here, evening service there. I had feedback from the people said it won't work. Uh, I'm going to be in both services anyway. Uh, someone on the US side who's sitting here today said, uh, uh, you can't do that. That's my family and I'm part of the family up there and I I I want to be with the with the people at the church and even if you have a service down there, I I'm going to be here anyway. So, we just had an enormous amount of feedback. Now, those that have no children and you live close to the church here, I'm just going to ask that when you when you fill this out, I want you to be honest. I want you to be sincere, and I don't want you to be selfish. It's not exactly what you would want, but it's what's best for the for the congregation. And if someone has some real bright uh quick solution, I'd certainly be happy to hear it. It's a difficult This congregation is is very unique for a number of reasons. Number one, we're believers of the message. And because of that, people come from long distances to be in the congregation and to be together. and why you have made this your church home. I do not have your answer. You have that within your own heart. And now what we want to do is make the church and make the congregation and make the meetings um uh so that they're not that they don't um uh uh weary the people to such a degree. I know that people want to come. They want to come from, you know, many of the people come from maybe not so great a distance, but here's just what, you know, a brother expressed to me and two brothers in fact, one is on a Canadian side. These are real sincere brothers. Both have families. And uh they said, "Well, because the church is crowded, we want to be there early. We'd like to be there at least by 10:00." And one brother on the US side with the family said, "I leave uh maybe leave maybe 8:00 so I can have my children here and be here by 9 or 9:30. Have lots of time, maybe be an hour ahead of the service." And then then we just have enter into the meeting and we have such a beautiful time and the atmosphere so lovely and we leave here. we can't go home, but we go to a restaurant where I feed the have to feed my family. And he says, "The music and the atmosphere just absolutely drains me. It's just like I lose everything that I had in the service. And then uh you know $50 later after paying for your food, then we've got a couple of hours to kind of float around, wait around maybe in the churchy yard or parking lot till the evening service starts at 5:00 and then when it's over, then we're getting home uh 12 13 hours since we left. Well, you can do that for a while. Now, when they're a young couple and have no children, that's very easy to do. when they start getting you've got children, you've got teenagers or you got small children. You can't keep them cooped up in the car, cooped up in a restaurant, cooped up in the church and so on. They've got to expend some of their energy. So, I have been wrestling with these things and we want to do exactly what's best. But the majority, if the majority of the congregation said, "No, we're ready for the sacrifice. We're just going to be there and go the whole distance." then I would expect that you'll be here Sunday evening uh and don't miss the Sunday evening services because it's also not fair for a man of God to wait on God to spend his time in prayer and to and and to come to a church where 10 or 15% of the people aren't here. You hear me? You hear me? So now this thing goes both ways. It's not just what you want. It's also what the ministry feels is is the best for the for the congregation. And I I don't I don't like to see people missing the evening service uh because of their distance and and so on. And I took a I took a little bit of a survey just myself and there is approximately uh 250 248 to be exact close to my count that are living on the US side. That's a sizable congregation. 250 people about 60 of those are children. The rest are adults. and uh and out in Chilowak which is a good distance away uh we have about 33. So we're coming close to 300 of of the people that are represented here live quite some distance away and I excluded all the people in Seattle or Lynwood or Tacoma. We've excluded all of those which those names are on our on our phone list but I have excluded those because I wanted this to be as accurate as possible. Having said that, I don't want you to be troubled about it uh while we have the service this morning because I've got more important things to say. And uh but if you will make sure I want everyone to take a survey, just fill that out, please. You can uh just leave it on the offering box or put it in the offering box or or hand it uh into the office if you would please. Now uh I have a short clip. The church the church here got uh really behind uh brother uh Cesar's work in uh in uh Brazil. And we have had we've got now a oh we've probably got six eight or 10 DVDs of the television broadcast which he has uh is putting across the nation and uh and God opened the door. You remember here some weeks ago now uh actually just 3 four months ago God opened the door. He had a he was on a local television station and was having very good response. He'd been on it quite a some time. I don't know how long. Then he determined that uh this door opened for him to go across the whole nation. And uh he just it was going to cost a considerable amount of money and going to cost about $48,000 for the year. And uh but the CEO, the president of the national station just happened to run into him at the station has his local station in his city and he's in a large city also and said that he would allow him to cover the entire nation of Brazil which is I think fifth largest on earth uh for half price. And so they simply I I I simply made it known to the people here. We never took up an offering or anything. But by 5:00 that afternoon from the morning service before the evening service started, that year was paid for. And so I just people just came to me and said, I have a burden for that. I want to do that. I respected that. So we let them know. So this just a little clip of what you will see. I want you to see it now. It's just a few minutes long. And this is uh brother Cesar in Brazil. SP. [Music] Baby, President It is the Can I [Music] present [Music] a Soology [Music] [Music] [Music] Thomas a key as I test. French. It is there. I don't feel said this. Bib I hope [Music] we must see this. I call this girl. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. I tell you what, I rejoice &gt;&gt; think that's going over and uh literally hundreds of thousands of people. Here's Can I just take a couple of moments? This is why you know uh we're having service this evening, Lord's table, footwashing tonight, so at 5:00 sharp, but I'm going to take my time this morning anyway. Uh here's just a few of the testimonies from this broadcast. Uh this just just little clips of it. As a majority of Christian people in Brazil, the teachings I had concerning the trinity which have its deep roots on the Catholic doctrine. For the first time, I heard through FA perfea, whatever it is, broadcast something that brought me to the truth of such doctrine. Another one, in truth, I don't know what my life would now be without this broadcast. For I was in a tunnel with no exits. I found out through your Christ centered teachings I was in fact a fake. The truth of your broadcast helped show me how to live an authentic Christian life in in never realized the great deception about the true doctrine of the godhead. I also thank you for the DVD you sent me and if possible please send me the epos exposition of the seven church ages and on and on. I don't want to take I've got a whole page of them here and uh that was just one part that had been sent to us. Uh, I I rejoice because this is what has to happen until until we go home and we're going to be speaking about that. So, I trust you're alert. I trust you're anxious to hear the word this morning. And we'll have you stand to your feet. Turn, if you would, to the small book of Habac, which is just before Zechariah in the Old Testament. We're going to read some verses from chapter 2, verses 1, 2, and 3. While you find your place, we're going to just bow our heads in prayer and ask that our Lord will be glorified and pleased with the events of today. Father, even as we have been pondering coming to the Lord's table tonight, what a gracious time that is for every believer. And Lord, we pray that your people uh which have come today, this morning to receive from you, they will not go away disappointed. They will receive what is needful for them for their walk. I pray that you will just plant deep within our very being. Oh God, as we as we study these things and as I speak, I pray that as we already have prayed in the study this morning that you will give utterance, divine utterance, that you will bless the people, Lord, as they receive it. And may there be an expectation, an anticipation, oh God, for the hour that we're in. And help me to deliver, oh Lord, what you would have spoken. And then, Father, as we take this series, I believe, Lord, as we will be taking further services on this, I pray that you'll make them a blessing. Now, anoint us mightily in the name of Jesus Christ. We receive it. We thank you for it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. All right, we're reading verses 1, 2, and 3. Habac 2. I will stand upon my watch, and set me upon the tower, and will watch to see what he will say unto me, and what I shall answer when I am reproved. And the Lord answered me and said, "Write the vision, and make it plain upon tables, that he may run that readeth it. For the vision is yet for an appointed time, but at the end it shall speak and not lie. Though it tar, wait for it, because it will surely come, it will not tarry." Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I love that third verse because it is so applicable to what we have to say concerning the seals and going into this first seal. For the vision is yet for an appointed time, but at the end it shall speak and not lie, though it tar. Wait for it because it will surely come. It will not tarry. The vision is for an appointed time. And I want to take a text uh a title this morning. From the time of the revealing to the time of the fulfillment. From the time of the revealing to the time of the fulfillment. And that's what that's where we are. The vision has been spoken and it has been revealed. But from the time of the revealing to the time of the fulfillment, there are many, many events which take place and will take place, but it shall surely come to pass. &gt;&gt; Amen. You may be seated. Keep your Bibles open if you would. a scripture that we are very very familiar with and sometime we need to look at a scripture and ponder it very deeply and also we need the author the Holy Spirit to make these scriptures real to us. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God and to them who are the called according to his purpose. For whom he did forno. He also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son. And so in the predestination, it says whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to or unto. And that's a period of time. He predestinated us to be uh conformed to the image of his son. one of the great truths of the Bible. And if you will allow me, I'm going to go slowly and you can make notes if you wish. I'm going to try not to preach as such, but I I I want to stay uh very precise to the thoughts because I've been pondering this now for quite some time. But one of the great truths of the scripture is that God is sovereign. I know we know that and we just say, "Well, I I've that's just, you know, something that's so standard." But we do forget often that God is sovereign. He does things as he sees fit. He does it in his schedule and he does it how he wishes to do it. Amen. &gt;&gt; His name even his name which is in the very opening verses of the Bible which refers to him as Jehovah and it implies that he is as the prophet has said the self-existent one who continuously and increasingly reveals himself. &gt;&gt; This is our God. He continuously and increasingly reveals himself. So what you know about him now is not what you're going to know in another day because he increasingly &gt;&gt; and continuously reveals himself. &gt;&gt; And who of us humans can even begin to grasp? We can't even begin to comprehend the the the this infinite God. But we need to keep that as our our basic understanding. And so it is in this regard that God chooses when, how, and through whom he will reveal himself and to what degree. because he increasingly reveals himself. So to what degree he's going to reveal himself uh and to make himself known. Paul said in Romans, "Oh the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God, how uncarchable are his judgments and his ways past finding out. For who hath known the mind of the Lord? or who hath been his counselor. &gt;&gt; It's abundantly clear that he has established that God has established certain offices, positions I will say, persons with specific duties which I will call an office. We call it these various offices which God establishes. And he's established these offices to fulfill these certain duties and responsibilities. And these offices have been ordained by God to express a certain part of himself. Then if you take all of these offices in their aggregate and and their sum total, then you see more of God. &gt;&gt; God gives us life as individuals. a man, a boy, a girl. They're born, they're raised up. Then they become adults and then uh they say become uh a a a groom and she becomes a a bride and they become married. They are they're entering into an office. When a young man, young woman when they marry, then they actually enter into an office because now one becomes a husband and a and a girl becomes a wife. Those are offices which have been set out in the scripture and then they become a father or mother if they have children. Those are offices and God has uh he has instituted that those offices have not only certain responsibilities but also are that they they require and demand certain amount of respect and recognition and then God has offices such as uh I will just mention some a priest a priest in the scripture and I'm I'm moving now all of this is essential for move into the into the seal A priest for every high priest, the scripture says in Hebrews 5:1, is is taken from among men is ordained for men. Now, a high priest is taken from man, and he's ordained for men. He's ordained for the people in things pertaining to God. So, now we have someone who is going to stand and represent the people before God. He's pertaining things to God that may offer that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices for sins. Now, you know, I just want you to be careful on that. For every high priest that's taken from among men is ordained is ordained by God. ate for men for the people in things pertaining to God that he may offer both gifts and sacrifices for sins for the sins of the people and God has he's God instituted this office that a high priest would be taken from among the people and that was not given to anyone else that was for the high priest whoever he was which was taken from among the people and he would offer sacrifices to God and God looked upon that and acknowledged that because God instituted the office for that purpose and and that was his duty. That was his work and so the people would receive uh would be recognized that would be recognized by God on behalf of the people. Now a prophet is another office and and a very fa a very common scripture to us in Amos 3:7. And surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealth his secrets unto his servants, the prophets. That's quite clear and that's uncomplicated. The Lord will do nothing. But you know, amazing as simple as that is. There's multitudes of people that won't accept that. &gt;&gt; They just won't accept that. I hear from God myself. God spoke to me. But the but the uh the testimony of their life doesn't indicate that they heard from God. Then we have the office of the king. You understand I'm going through prophet, priest and king. Through the king uh the psalmist David who was a great king and whose kingdom was set up that God promised would be an everlasting kingdom. He said, "Great deliverance giveth he to his king, to his king, and showeth mercy to his anointed, to David, and to his seed forever more." Another scripture regarding that, Pilate therefore said unto him, unto Jesus, "Art thou a king then?" And Jesus answered, "Thou sayest that I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth, and every man that heareth every and everyone that is of the truth heareth my voice. Are you a king? He said in the judgment hall, he said, to this end was I born to be a king. Now we have just established those offices. And then I want to just move from that now and make reference to on occasion on rare occasions God has allowed these offices to converge. God has allowed them to converge. We have a strange society that we live in because in this Eden, Satan's Eden, Satan has also determined that he would switch the roles of the offices of husband and wife &gt;&gt; and who should have who should have the headship. And the scriptur is very clear. I'm not here to preach on it this morning, but it's also very very evident that our society suffers enormous difficulties from this switching of the roles and the converging of what's husband and what's wife and what's man and what's woman and where their position is. God has stated what they're to be and that's what they should remain to be. And when you get outside of that, the whole the whole cycle of the family becomes elliptical and it gets way off balance and goes into chaos. &gt;&gt; I believe that. &gt;&gt; But there is some God in the scripture has allowed some overlapping or some converging of the offices. For example, brother Brandham says, and it's clear that there's never two major prophets on the earth, major prophets. He said a lot of minor prophets, but not major prophets on the earth at the same time. And this is what he says. God always deals with one individual. Two men, two men's got two ideas. There never was two major prophets on the earth prophesying at the same time. Look back and see if there was. No, sir. Two too much scrupled up. He's got to get one man completely surrendered to use that person. He searches for that person, but there will be one sometime somebody who will listen to him word by word. When we come to the church ages, the church ages over overlapped one another. Now, each age had a messenger. And so, you've got a messenger, you've got a church age with a messenger whose message is being spoken during that church age. But now, Brother Brham's very distinct and he deals with it more than once where an age will overlap with the other age. So, you really have the message of two messengers that is merging at some point. where one is fading off and the other's just starting start beginning. &gt;&gt; And so he says in regard to that he said in order to understand the wealth of meaning involved in in this scripture he's quoting behold I set before you an open door and no man can shut it. He said, "We must we must now recall what has been said about each age running over into another age. There is an overlapping, a melting or fading into rather than an abrupt end and a clearcut start. This age particularly flows into the next age. And not only does this age overflow into the last age, but the last age in many respects simply a carrying on of the sixth age. The seventh age said is is merely carrying on of the sixth age. The seventh age, a very short age, gathers up into itself for one quick work all the evil of every age. See, it's accumulation of every age. And the last age, the last message to the last to the last age and the elect of the last age will be a gathering up of all the righteousness of all that has been down through the ages. Luther broke out with justification. We have justification today such as Luther never understood it. We have sanctification today such as Wesley never understood it. So we haven't only we've garnered what they have and it has been intensified by this God who increasingly and continuously reveals himself because that was a revelation God was revealing to Luther and to Columba and to Wesley and on down through the ages was re revealing himself and that revelation was was of this of of God and the the people that received received it. They got that message. But in the last age, the Leodysian age, he said that the Leodysian age quickly comes in bringing both the tears and the wheat to harvest. Now, in the first seal, uh, I'd like you to turn in your Bibles if you would to Revelation the fifth chapter because in the fifth seal, brother Brandham actually deals with uh, chapter five in particular, the breach. That's the breach chapter. And I saw, starting with verse one, and I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne, a book written within, and on the backside sealed with seven seals. And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, who is worthy to open the book, and to loose the seals thereof. Now, I'd like you to notice the characters which are being identified by John in this chapter as we read it. The first thing he saw on the right in the right hand of uh I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne. So there's one hymn that sat on the throne. That is one that is that is identified. And then I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice who is worthy to open the book. Now we have a second character which has become visible in the in the book. And no man in heaven nor in earth nor under the earth was able to open the book, neither to look thereon. And I wept much because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look thereon. And one of the elders, now another one has come into the picture, said unto me, weep not. Behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof. Now the lion represents a king and that's the kingly office. So the kingly office now comes into the into view into John's view and the lion the elder says the lion has prevailed. He's conquered the brother Brandham says he's conquered. He's prevailed to open the book and to loose the seven seals thereof. And I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne, and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders stood a lamb. The lamb is a priest. Always a priest. And so here's now he sees a priest. A lamb as it had been slain. He was wounded. He's been in battle. Having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God, sent forth into all the earth. And he came. Amen. &gt;&gt; The lamb came &gt;&gt; and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne. Now, just turn the page. Go to chapter 6 and we're going to look at verse one. And I saw when the lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard as it were the voice of thunder, one of the four beasts saying, "Come and see." And I saw and beheld a white horse, and he that sat on him had a bow, and a crown was given unto him, and he went forth conquering and to conquer. But verse one says, "And I saw when the lamb opened one of the seals." Now chapter five is saying, "And the lion, the lion, the lion of the tribe of Judah prevailed to open the book and to loose the seven seals thereof." But now chapter six says that the lamb opened the seal. So now we have two things happening and these are critical. Absolutely critical. And you'll see where I'm coming to in just a little while. Listen very closely because this is our hour. &gt;&gt; These events are in our time and it's critical that we understand them really is so we have now the lion. So we have that office in possession and the lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed. He's conquered to and he's taken the he has prevailed to open the book and to loose the seven seals thereof. Now I want to stop there. The seal is a symbol. That's what the prophet says all the way through. How it was sealed was and how it was made a mystery is that he made a statement. It's it it's like a parable said I saw a white horse and he that rode on him had a bow and he went out to conquer conquering and to conquer and that is in parable form that is in symbol form and brother Brandham calls it symbol and the symbol is what sealed it. Now, it was the lamb that actually opened the seal. And when the first seal was opened, and the lamb opened the seal, only the lamb could do that. See, no man could do that. But he was worthy because he had paid the price. And so, he was able to, and I want to put it in language that we'll understand. So he utters his voice or he speaks and the thunder is the voice of God. So the thunder utters when the seal is open there's a thunder and the thunder is God's voice which is present at that time and God has to have a a absolutely confirmed voice. He cannot have something that came out of a school of theology. He can't have something that's been taught by man. He's got to bring of He's got to use the office of a prophet. He's got to bring him from the wilderness as it were, untaught by man, unnoticed by man, unrecognized by man, because now he's got to show him forth that he is he is uh his ministry is of such a supernatural nature that no one can argue with it. It is absolutely supernatural. It's God on the scene. And then God utters his voice through that. And what happens is it's the seal is dissolved. &gt;&gt; The symbol is dissolved. That's how it disappears. It's dissolved. If I tell you something in a parable and say, "Uh, I'm mystified by that. I don't understand that." And then I continue on say what it really means is that this this means that and this means something else and you say oh okay I say it and now it's all your mind is illuminated and you understand it. So God did not want these things to be known in previous ages. So he he only allowed it in symbol form and when John saw it he saw these symbols and he wrote them down. I saw a white horse. I saw a red horse. I saw a black horse. And he wrote down and and the rider and what he was doing and what followed afterwards and it remained in symbol form. And man all down through the years has studied and took the Greek and took the Hebrew and took all what it might mean this and it might mean that but that's not sufficient. There has to be someone say this is not me. This is not man. This is not from a book. This is thus sayaeth the Lord. The same one that told me your name is the same one that told me this. And you can have confidence in it. And so now we have the converging. And here's a um he says that Revelation the 5th chapter this is not the seven seals. It is the breach between the church ages and the seven seals. It's the breach between the church ages and the seven seals. I don't have them here. You've seen me do this before. just for the younger ones coming up and maybe newer ones and those visiting. If I had the church age book here and the sales book here and held them together, the church ages, you know, remember church is always in the feminine gender. Church, that's the era of the woman. The seals is not a feminine gender. And the fact is the prophet says the seals are Christ. &gt;&gt; And so we have the woman and the man. But and the opening of the seals is the dissolving of the seals or the dissolving of the parable. So that what the seal means can now be spoken to the people. And the and the seal it was Christ who had himself sealed up. He had let himself be known. That's why he continuously and increasingly reveals himself. And so he allowed himself to be known through the offices of the reformers. And allowed himself to be known this way. And he allowed himself to be known and and as time went on he had a everinccreasing unveiling of himself. But in the end time, there can be no secrets anymore because it's marriage time. &gt;&gt; And the woman that he's been calling down through the centuries has to be his bride. But in the end time, there has to be an elect woman called out. Come out from among them, and be ye separate, sayeth the Lord, because this lamb of God is going to reveal himself in his fullness. that has been ordained for the hour so that she will know who he is. There will be no mistake, no misunderstanding, and they will in a in in a a love relationship be united in marriage. &gt;&gt; And so now we have the church age and the seals book. And before brother Brandham can come to the first seal, the message just prior to the first seal is chapter five which is the breach between the church ages. Chapters 1, 2, and three. Chapter four, God shows God shows John the scene in heaven. And chapter five, he begins to show him the activity of what's taking place there. So, chapters 1, 2, and three are the church ages and what is happening over these 2,000 years. Chapter 4, John is carried up and he sees the scene in heaven. Chapter five, now he sees what is actually beginning to take place in heaven. In chapter five is is the re the claiming watch closely is the lamb claiming the book because the book is not a book like this. The book has your name in it &gt;&gt; and your name is actually your life. &gt;&gt; The expression of your life on earth is in that book &gt;&gt; and everything is in that book. Amen. &gt;&gt; Every deed, every thought that you don't want, everything because that was the that was the book of life or the record of life. But now when the lamb comes from the midst and he comes to the one who's on the throne, he comes and takes takes that book. He is claiming that book. Now the book becomes the lamb's book of life. And you must remember the bleach, the blood, the Clorox which he has given is the only remedy for the sin on the things iniquities that's recorded in the book. &gt;&gt; And so brother Brandham says it looks like it's two books. It's not. It's one that flows into the other. And so there's a book of life. But now this becomes the lamb's book of life. And that's why every sin of the Old Testament, all the all the failures of the Old Testament do not pass into the New Testament. Abraham lied in the Old Testament. When you get to the New Testament, there's no record of his lie. He backslid in the Old Testament. No record that he backslid. Uh uh David took another man's wife, Ba Sheba. No record of it in the New Testament. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. because it passed through Calvary and there's none of that on this side of Calvary. Hallelujah. What a rejoicing it is. And so the the book of life became the lamb's book of life when the lamb took the book and he was the only one that could take it. A king couldn't take it. It wasn't in the king's office. It was the lamb that could take the book. Hallelujah. And that is why the one that stood by the prophet messenger on earth was that same one &gt;&gt; and told him this is the disease. That's the person told him before he came to the platform. This is what you're going to see. There's demon-possessed people. This one's got epilepsy. He'll try to get away from you, but you'll he got away from the doctors, but he won't get away from you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's the kind of vindicated voice that was there because he had to confirm him for 30 years. So the first three and a half last three and a half years the same length of ministry as our Lord Jesus Christ. He would then give the thoughts of God to the people concerning this &gt;&gt; which had been sealed. &gt;&gt; We had bits and pieces but it had not been fully revealed. Amen. &gt;&gt; In the Philadelphiaian church age, he said, "In order to understand, oh yes, I read that where the one is flowing into the other." And so then one of the elders said unto me, "Weep not, John, the lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed to open the book and to loose the seals thereof." He said in the first seal, now we find also in this that as soon as John heard the announcement for the kinsman redeemer to come forth and to make his claims, notice now as soon as John heard the announcement for the kinsman redeemer to come forth and to make his claims, there was no man that could do it. No man in heaven, no man in earth, no man beneath the earth. And no one was worthy even to look at the book. Just think of that. No person at all worthy even to look at it. And John started weeping. He said there was no chance for redemption. Then everything has failed. And quickly we find that his weeping stopped quickly because it was announced that by one of the elders, one of the elders said, "Don't weep, John, for the lion of the tribe of Judah hath prevailed." In other words, overcome and has conquered. And then I'm I'm repeating now. And I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne, and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders stood a lamb, as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God, sent forth into all the earth. And so now we have both the lion king office and the lamb priest office represented at the time of the opening of the seals. I want you to listen real close because this had never happened before. Quite frankly, I may be misunderstood. I don't believe I should be. That is why there is not in recorded history a ministry like William Brham's &gt;&gt; because it was in his ministry. It was it wasn't his choosing. It was in his ministry where these offices had to converge. &gt;&gt; The lamb priest and the lion king. &gt;&gt; I will go a step further. I will say that the first part of his ministry and I will read that to you and prove it to you in a very lengthy reading in a few moments. But in the first part of his ministry, the great spiritual leaders of the day identified that that was the ministry of Jesus Christ as they see it in the scripture because in the scripture they have it they have it foretold and they see his his priesthood ministry &gt;&gt; and accepted that. Now notice please when Elijah came in the form of John the Baptist and John John was recognized as a prophet and Jesus and John were only perhaps six months apart in their age and John now the sacrifice had to be washed. Jesus was coming to John as far as the world was concerned it was his cousin. He was coming to him on the banks of the river. John is down there blasting the whole generation. &gt;&gt; You vipers, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Repent and don't say we have Moses. Said God's able of these stones or don't say we have Abraham. God's able of these stones to raise up children to Abraham. And it was startling them. Who is this wild man who came from the desert and with camel skin and eating wild honey and locust? Who is this man? And they were attracted to him. &gt;&gt; And he's declaring now and he is a prophet. He is Elijah. And he's declaring there's one among you who you know not. &gt;&gt; And he didn't know at that time. He didn't know who it was. But he said, "He that sent me has told me on whom I see the the star, the light descending, he is the one that will baptize with the Holy Ghost." And he sees Jesus the next day coming. This is he of whom I spake. And he says, "Behold," he didn't say, "Behold the prophet of God," but behold the lamb of God. Because with that statement, the lamb of God, he was speaking to people who understood God's principle that he was pointing to another office. This is not a prophet office. He doesn't say this is God's prophet. He says this is the lamb of God. This is God's lamb. This is God's sacrifice. And they were offended because they knew the sacrifice had to bleed. And of course, they were not to be children of God in the first place. They were they they were serpent seed. Jesus said, "You are of your father, the devil, and his deeds you do." And they took up stones to stone them because they had murder in their heart. Exactly like Cain had. Exactly like Satan had had murder in their heart. And so and and they could not catch that revelation. the religious order of the day. They recognized his prophet part, but they could not recognize his priesthood part. And he had to die. His blood was shed. He entered into the presence of God with his blood and became our high priest. &gt;&gt; And that is why he's been a priest all through these 2,000 years under the dispensation of the Holy Spirit. He was priest. And so when the prophet when brother Brandham comes he does exactly what John did initially. He began to speak to the people draw great crowds to to himself not to himself but for the purpose of introducing the lamb priest. Now here comes the prophet and he comes and that is why the church world accepted him because he demonstrated Christ in his priesthood and we become accustomed to that priesthood for 2,000 years. So there was nothing startling about brother Brandham's early ministry. They just accepted it. They were delighted with it. And I'm going to read what Tommy Osburn said about it. They were absolutely taken by it. They were enamored by it. They said things that people in the message don't want to say. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; He said clearly this was God in the flesh again. &gt;&gt; And yet we're unable to catch the king lion part because the lion when you talk about a king you're now talking about the judicial system. You're talking about authority. You're talking about laying the law down. And there's no ifs, ands, or buts about it. And now we have a ministry that doesn't just say, "Oh, sister. Oh, brother, you feel that presence? That's him. That's not me. That's my voice, but that's not me speaking." And uh who would know your name and who would know? And they're weeping and all the rest. But but now he has to come and speak. I indict this generation. Amen. &gt;&gt; Had to speak the trial. &gt;&gt; Our stand is his defense. &gt;&gt; This is the trial. &gt;&gt; See, this was different. &gt;&gt; And that was the part they couldn't catch. &gt;&gt; They had their idea of Genesis and the garden and the original sin. But now it begins to be declared what it really was &gt;&gt; and how it followed all the way up. Well, how how in the world is a generation that's being controlled by Satan himself, how are they going to how is he going to and laying there in the in the weeds of the religious order of the day? How in the world is he going to accept a man who's uncovering him? &gt;&gt; How's he going to accept? How are those religious leaders going to accept when the curtain the the veil is pulled off and they're exposed and their hypocrisy is exposed? How are they going to accept that? How's Rome going to accept it when they were the ones who tortured and murdered 68 million? How are they going to accept it? They can't accept it. And and here comes a prophet and tears the veil off of that false trinity doctrine and that false baptism by which they win millions into their church as membership. And he's telling them membership means nothing. You got to be born again. &gt;&gt; How could they accept it? They couldn't accept it. &gt;&gt; And so on one hand, he was popular. He's popular with the demonstration and the manifestation of the priest of the lamb priest office, but when it come to the king lion office, he couldn't. And both of those converged in his ministry. And that's why he was such a paradox. &gt;&gt; And that's why you were such a paradox. &gt;&gt; There's things about your life, things about this church that people they love, they admire, they wish they could have it, but they cannot accept it because they cannot believe the word. &gt;&gt; I said I wouldn't preach, but I have a wee bit. Amen. &gt;&gt; So the elements the elements of prophet priest and king lion are present in the message and the prophet priest ministry is so very evident. The prophet priest ministry is so very evident in brother Brandham's early ministry. Now I have some slides here and these will raise some questions. So if we just put up the first slide first. The first three chapters of Revelation is the seven church ages. John is caught up in the fourth chapter to see things which was which is and which is to come. Remember that now. Which was which is and which is to come. The lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed, in other words, to overcome and has conquered. And one of the elders sith unto me, weep not. Behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof. Christ on earth was an eagle. When he died, he was a priest. So that made him a lamb. And when he comes again, he's king. So he'll be a lion. The lion of the tribe of Judah. He's an eagle, a lamb, and a lion. Amen. Father, son, and holy ghost, prophet, priest, and king. He was that which is and shall come, the almighty, alpha, and omega from the beginning to the end, the eternal God. And I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne, and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders stood a lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits sent forth into all the earth. Now uh I want to go to now that is uh slide five. Now the fifth slide. And he came and took the book. He came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne. Now this is going in sequence. Now to the these other quotes continuing in sequence. The mystery of the book are revealed when the seals are broken. And when the seals completely are broken, the time of redemption is over because the lamb left the intercession post to walk out to take his claims. I want to stop there a moment. This has created a question in the minds of a lot of people and perhaps some went overboard one way or another and we'll maybe come to that a little later on. But he says when the seals are when the seals completely are broken and the time of redemption is over because the lamb left the intercession post to walk out and take his claims. So now here we come to this this uh dilemma. I will call it dilemma because we say are the seals broken? Yes. That means that the lamb has left the intercessory seat in order to do that. When he leaves the intercessory seat, the prophet says clearly that redemption is over. There is no redemption anymore. And so some have taken that and simply declared there's no more mercy. There's no more mercy. It's over everything from there. And actually it was to their own destruction because that that failed failed miserably. I believe if we wait on the vision, &gt;&gt; it will surely come to pass &gt;&gt; and if we stay in the right attitude in the right atmosphere, God is duty bound to make these things known. But now the the one seed of thought that I want to sew in your mind which is critical to understanding this is when he came and took the book this it isn't that he walked across the platform or walked across the hall or walked into the next room or just walked up to the throne and said give me the book bing bang and it's all over. No, how long did that take? How long did it take when he went and took the book and began to open the seals? What what length of time was that? And then when the prophet spoke the seals, that was the revealing of it. &gt;&gt; But then how much time is it from the time of the revealing to the time of the fulfillment when it's all done when it's completed? So, it's revealed what happens, but it's not it's not fulfilled. &gt;&gt; I just going to give you an example. Just hold that right there because I'm going to come right back. That's really the nub of the message this morning as far as I want to go. But I just want to hold that for a moment. You will recall because most of you know the scriptures when God spoke to Abraham. when God spoke to Abraham and he said a a very few uh a very few verses he said to Abraham it was Abram yet had not changed his name and he told him take a heer take a uh take the turtle doves and take these and separate them. And uh and he sat beside them and a great horror of darkness came and a light came and moved through those pieces that he had sacrificed or he had not sacrificed but he had divided them as God had told him. And the Bible says, "And God said unto Abram, know of assurityity that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them, and they shall afflict them 400 years." There's five things that God told him. Number one, thy seed shall be a a stranger in a land that's not theirs. Number one. Number two, and shall serve them. Number three, and they shall afflict them 400 years. Number four, and also that nation whom they shall serve be I will I judge. And number five, afterward they shall come out with great substance. five little short phrases that took over 400 years to fulfill. &gt;&gt; And I will say that when God spoke it, I'll put it in my language, God sealed it &gt;&gt; because he didn't know who, where, when, what nation, &gt;&gt; who is this, how's this going to happen? Knew nothing. And then centuries went by and here's a here's a runaway prophet that doesn't know he's a prophet, but he's standing in the wilderness and sees a burning bush and he moves to the bush. And now God, he speaks to him out of take your shoes off. You're standing on holy ground. and he prepares him and he's he's attracting his prophet and and God begins to speak to him and tells him, "Moreover, I am the God of ab thy father Abraham." He identifies where his roots are. He's telling him right off the bat, right at the beginning, you're not from Pharaoh. &gt;&gt; You're not from the palace. &gt;&gt; You're not from this world. &gt;&gt; You're of another lineage. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I am of thy father. I'm the God of thy father and the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. And Moses hid his face, for he was afraid to look upon God. And the Lord said, notice now, I have seen, I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt, and have heard their cry by reason of their task masters. For I know their sorrows, and I am come down to deliver them. I'd like to put this also in just paragraph form. I've now come down. I've seen their affliction. First, the one who's speaking is I'm the God of a thy father Abraham and the God of Isaac and the God of Jacob. He says, "And I have seen the affliction of this people, and I have come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians." Now, what God had spoke to Abraham is taking on enormous dimensions. Now, the nation who who's been afflicting them is known. The people have been identified. What they are doing has been identified. Their crying has reached the ears of God. The whole thing has taken on a whole new meaning. &gt;&gt; But it was sealed back there. But now it begins to open up. But he doesn't tell Moses, "I'm going to send plagues, and you're going to bring 10 plagues. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. And the 10th one's going to be death, and they're going to let you go, and you're going to borrow things off of the Egyptians, and you're going to go out with great wealth." He doesn't tell them any of that, even at the burning bush. So what is it? It's Jehovah, the great self-existent one who continuously and increasingly reveals himself. And we love him. &gt;&gt; And that's what he's doing in this generation. The seals had to be revealed and made known to the people because we're in the fulfillment of it. &gt;&gt; And it's an hour to say, "Oh, it's already over. It's already done. Someone can say well the king is here and I can say amen. &gt;&gt; That's fine. I can he can say well uh uh the mediatorial work is over. I can also say amen to all but the elect. &gt;&gt; And that's why brother Brandham said he and I got a quote here in a moment. It's predestination. &gt;&gt; You see God has been merciful to multitudes of people. You might say well how does this work? Where does man's free choice come? Man has a choice. &gt;&gt; But don't forget that God has a choice. &gt;&gt; Every man chooses who he's going to marry. &gt;&gt; God has a choice. &gt;&gt; But this is what when Jesus came by, you have to pray for me. But when Jesus came on the scene, he said to the people, "Had I not come, you'd have no sin. &gt;&gt; But now there but now &gt;&gt; there's no covering for your sin. &gt;&gt; You follow me? &gt;&gt; So up to that time, God's mercy was there." You understand? Up to that time, the priest, oh God help me. &gt;&gt; The priest would go in and the high priest would go in once a year on behalf of the people to make sacrifice to God. And God would see the sacrifice, but not without blood. He had to go with blood. And when God saw that the blood was there from the sacrifice, here's the high priest. Here's the office I have instituted. And the people their sins were uh not erased but they were covered. &gt;&gt; And God acknowledged that. &gt;&gt; Do you know that Aaron went in and he offered blood and God accepted that and the people that were out there for the most part all died in the wilderness. And yet God was covering their sin &gt;&gt; by the office of that high priest. &gt;&gt; And yet they would die in the wilderness. And this God knew they would die in the wilderness. But he yet gave them forgiveness &gt;&gt; through recognition of that office. And I will say there were many in the denominational years taking the same scene, the same principle forward. Throughout all these denominational years, they honored God and God had instituted the the message of the messengers down through the ages. But God had not confronted them yet with this prophet ministry to reject. He had not come and visited them in such a dere intensity. And as Jesus said, before I come, you do not have sin, but now there's no covering for your sin. &gt;&gt; Is this making some sense to you? &gt;&gt; And when the seals completely are broken, let's go to the next next quote, please. He was a mediator between that. But when the real revelation happens on the seals and as they begin to break, the lamb is coming forth from the sanctuary. It's according to the word. He come from out of the midst of and took the book. So he is no more mediator because even they called him a lion and that's the king and he's not a mediator then. And we'll take the next one. The lamb in the time of the intercessory. Now we just ended with the lion. Now we're going back again. He goes back the l the lamb in the time of intercessory back here. He knew that there was names in there that was not put in there. I'm sorry. That was put in there from the foundation of the world. And as long as those names have never been manifested on earth as yet, he had to stay there as intercessor. Do you get it? Perfectly. Predestination. If you miss the word predestination, you've got a conundrum because you've got an irreconcilable. You have the seals open here and you have a mediator who's already left. And so some went I think way far overboard said there's no more mercy. No listen. Mercy, love, longsuffering, anything that we could use to describe God &gt;&gt; is an attribute of God. &gt;&gt; And he cannot diminish in that attribute. If God can diminish in his mercy, then he's not God. &gt;&gt; He cannot diminish. But the one thing that God can do, has done, and is doing is he restricts how that attribute can be accessed. &gt;&gt; I want you to think about that. That is why I said I want to go back a moment ago. Jesus stood there now identified as the lamb of God. And God through the years that Jesus was on earth was now changing. In the in the Bible we read and the lamb came forth and took the book. I can say also from the time of Jesus' birth, 12 years old as a boy, from that time to the time he was crucified, the lamb was coming forth &gt;&gt; as the redeemer. &gt;&gt; But it wasn't just that he walked across the floor and said, "Here I am. I'm the lamb and it's all over." No, it was a period of time from the time of his his his announcement, behold the lamb of God that takes the sin of the world. Now we have a year, two years, three years before he's on the cross. So we have a period of time from the time of the announcement to the time that it happens. But Jesus stood there at that time while they still had the high priest. The high priest was going in to this to the before Christ died and after he died because he died at the Passover. Are you staying with me? &gt;&gt; This be a challenge to maybe some of you young people, but you hang on. Old brother Ed still got a couple things up here. Amen. &gt;&gt; The high priest was going in with the blood which God said if they do that they would have their sins covered. They would be forgiven. But when God's lamb came on the scene, access to mercy ceased to happen that way. &gt;&gt; And the prophet said, "Now there he was on the mercy seat. He's on Calvary." And the old system doesn't work anymore. And if you're going to have mercy, you have to come through him. Outside of him, there's no mercy. And so now through 2,000 years, we have a history and we have a church history of people that have uh uh that we know the lamb of God and Jesus of Nazareth and this and the sacrifice of Calvary. And it's all part of our it's part of our being. And we know that if we repent, we have forgiveness. And we if I come down, I just repent, I have forgiveness. But it's God's prerogative &gt;&gt; to change the system. &gt;&gt; And when the lamb himself, the revealing of the son of man, when Luke 17:30 came on the scene, he was already in motion to change the system. And the old system wouldn't work anymore. And unless you come through this, you cannot find mercy. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Mercy didn't go any place. And the mercy seat's not a chair. The mercy seat is an attribute. &gt;&gt; And God can never diminish from that attribute. But how they will access it. And starting in the first seal, people got all scrupled up on it &gt;&gt; and misunderstood it seriously and made terrible mistakes and went into chaos and entered much trouble. &gt;&gt; But it's as clear as it can be if you wait for the vision. And so there's a time from its revealing. When the prophet spoke it, he was revealing what it was. When John saw it, he wrote it. And but then now notice in Revelation 10, when the thunders uttered the seven thunders, which was the voices of God, and that was the seven thunders because it's seven voices to match the seven seals. &gt;&gt; And they asked Brother Brandham, "Are you going to speak on the seven thunders?" He said, "That's what the seals were all about." &gt;&gt; And he says, "The thunder is the voice of God." And so people got off on the seven thunders and made a big issue of that. It's too simple. &gt;&gt; The thunder is the voice of God. &gt;&gt; And the prophet spoke the opening of the seven seals and spoke the word of God out concerning that. And that was a thunder. Don't tell me it wasn't a thunder. It's thundered all through the whole church world. &gt;&gt; It's thundered. &gt;&gt; It sure has. And that was none other than the lamb of God taking the book &gt;&gt; and delivering its contents to his servant Elijah to speak its contents. And when he spoke it, the symbol dissolved. &gt;&gt; And so the seal was gone. &gt;&gt; In other words, the seal was broken because the symbol was gone. Instead, it's not just a white horse. He says the white horse is a power &gt;&gt; and it's white because the one who's on it is the devil. And I've read where some thought it's the Holy Ghost. And they have all kinds of different ideas. Now we have a prophet says that's Satan on that horse. And he's riding on deception. He's riding out to deceive. But he can't deceive the people born by the word of God. He can't deceive them. And so as long as those names, and it's very specific, until the last name has actually been declared on the earth, &gt;&gt; there's mercy available to that individual. Has he left the mercy seat? Yes, he left the mercy seat cuz the word says so. He left the mercy seat. But that doesn't say there is no mercy &gt;&gt; because he's a god of mercy. &gt;&gt; That's an attribute of his. &gt;&gt; But what he simply said is you cannot access it any longer that way. &gt;&gt; We understand what access is all about. Do I have a few minutes? I want you to listen closely. This is lengthy. So don't just give me your undivided attention. Tommy Osburn. How many have heard Tommy Osburn's memorial address? I see your hands. How many have not heard it? Most of the congregation. He titles this God in flesh again. He says, 'I will read from John. This is the memorial address. And I've read on the website recently, this last week, that Tommy Osbbor is considered to have spoken to more people than any man on earth. I don't know. That's what they've said. Untold hundreds of millions of people he's spoken to in over 50 years of his ministry. It was Tommy Osbbor who entered his ministry. He was a Pentecostal preacher, but he saw Brother Brandham in Portland, Oregon, and changed his life forever. &gt;&gt; Now, this is what he says. And I have I have to impress you that I believe that when a man is speaking, if I were given that charge to speak at a memorial to this kind of a prophet of God, I would really be weighing my words out knowing I have to give answer to God what I'm saying concerning this man. He says, I will read from John 10:30-36. I won't read it all. I and my father are one. Then the Jews took up stones again to stone him. Jesus answered them, "Many good works have I showed you from my father. For which of these works do you stone me?" The Jews answered him, "For a good work we stone thee not, but for blasphemy because thou being a man makest thyself God?" And then Jesus answered, "Is it not written in your law? Ye are gods? If you called them gods under whom the word of God came to and the scripture cannot be broken, say of him whom the father hath sanctified and sent into the world, thou blasphemst because I said I'm the son of God. And then these words, brother Brandham read them so often. If I do not the works of my father, believe me not. But if I do, though you believe me not, believe the works that ye may know and believe that the father is in me and I in him. Please catch the theme. And when I think Tommy Osburn says it would be appropriate if we could read 1 Corinthians 1:26. For you see your calling, brethren, how there not many wise men after the flesh, and not many mighty. Not many noble are called, but God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise. And God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty. And base things of the world which are despised have God chosen. Yay. and things which are not to bring to not the things that are, that no flesh should glory in his presence. And the next chapter, for I determine not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ and him crucified. And I was with you in weaknesses and in fear and in much trembling. And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the spirit and power, that your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God. He ceases the scripture reading. He said, "One has written, there's a wind that blows, full of grace and power, and in creation's most wondrous hour, when God gently breathed on a form of sod, the first man lived by the breath of God." He said, "The wind is a symbol of God, the Holy Spirit. It blew across the face of the deep when the earth was yet without form and void. It blew across the Red Sea and opened up a path of deliverance for the people who believed. It came as a sound of a rushing mighty wind on the day of Pentecost when God came to become one with man. And it has blown across the face of this our generation, a fresh breath of God in this 20th century through the extraordinary ministry of God's prophet to this age. The man recognized among men by the name of William Brham. This little man because of the gift of God for ordained in his life lived and ministered completely interpenetrated with heaven and earth transcending both the seen and the unseen worlds. At the same time he couldn't help it and he couldn't avoid it. One of his closest friends wrote these words as he endeavored to describe his first Brandham campaign that he had attended. Quote, "We were privileged to keep only five glorious days and nights of this celestial vigil, but the effect of those memorable days lives on today." The people were left humbled and tendered because they knew that Jesus of Nazareth had passed our way in his servant. For that holy pause, we had seemingly turned back the pages of time and joined the admiring host of followers that shuffled along the dusty trails of Galilee in faithful devotion to the lowly carpenter who claimed to be the Messiah of Israel. In our visionary procession, we had passed by the place of the tombs, which erupted a naked demonic demoniac, screaming and hissing his objection to the presence of Christ, but sat at his feet a moment later, clothed and in his right mind. We were among the jostling mob around Jesus when he asked the abrupt question, "Who touched me?" We saw a trembling little woman cast herself at his feet and declare before all the people for what cause she had pulled at the border of his robe and how she had been healed immediately. And then we followed on to Gyrus's house and saw the raising of his daughter. We heard the plain words of a deaf and dumb child after his tongue was loosed by the master's touch and laughed to see the lame man leap for joy. We clamorred for a seaside seat with 5,000 other men who had forsaken the anvil and hammer and closed the doors of their shop to spend the day hours in wrapped listening to the wonderful teachings of the divine philosopher. We wept with the women as we gazed on his beautiful face and recognized the sorrow and grief that spoke of a broken heart and felt the melting charming sensation at that one glance from his kind eyes could bring to the soul. Yes, Bible days were here again. Here was a man who practiced what he preached. He said, 'I say this, Tommy Osbbor goes on, not to exalt any human, but to only emphasize that our deep appreciation for our brothers stemmed from the fact that his ministry seemed to bring us bring our lover Lord closer to us and to better acquaint us with his living works, his personality, and his deity than anything had before. It was on April morning in 1909 that William Brandon was born in a little log cabin for ordained of God to minister to this generation to cross my path and most of yours. When the prophet of God crosses your path, oh God grant that you don't miss the day of your visitation. How I thank God, he said. I wish I could cry and talk, but how I thank God. Forgive me. To those who perhaps have not perceived or known the day in which we live. I know this sounds ridiculous, but to we who know we can not shake the seriousness of this hour. God has chosen diverse and mysterious ways to reveal himself to his servants, especially those called for dispensational purposes. as brother Brandham was called to Moses he appeared in a burning bush to the children of Israel in a pillar of fire to Samuel by a voice in the night to Elijah with a still small voice and other ways to Abraham in a human form to Paul John and others in his resurrected glory frequently he appeared by supernatural visitations of angels frequently to Abraham to Moses and to Joshua to Gideon to David to the prophets to Zachchariah to the shepherds and to the apostles. It certainly would not be strange then that in this way he appeared to brother Brandham. The angel of God spoke to him and said, "Fear not. I am sent from the presence of Almighty God to tell you that your peculiar life and misunderstood ways have been to indicate that God has sent you to take a gift of divine healing to the peoples of the world. If you will be sincere and can get the people to believe you, nothing shall stand before your prayer, not even cancer. He was also told, among many other things, that his gift was a sign of the nearness of the coming of the Lord. And through it, God would call his people together in the unity of his spirit. You hear what he's saying? &gt;&gt; That this gift was a sign of the nearness of the coming of the Lord. And through it, &gt;&gt; God would call his people together in the unity of his spirit. In short, the man we know as William Brandon was sent to demonstrate God again in the flesh. &gt;&gt; But why was he sent to do so? And why all of these signs? Had not Jesus already done these things? Have they not already been written and recorded? Yes, absolutely. They had all been done before. and men had forgotten them. So God willing, more abundantly to show the immutability of his counsel did it again in the 20th century. He did it again and I beheld his glory. He could have done it in the 18th century, but he did it while I was here. So this is the purpose of me being here, of our being here. This is the purpose of recounting these things. I've just said a few things, but now I must bring you face to face to face the full charge that I, as a servant of the Lord, believe that God would have you to face tonight. You whom he fore ordained to be in this meeting and hear these things for you are not here by chance. I pray God tonight that the words can be said that will show you a little bit more the purpose of what we witnessed and see how it would affect us now that the man of God has gone on. Go back to the beginning when God created man. He created him as a God man. Notice how he's starting. Go back to the beginning when God created man. He created him to be a God man to walk, talk, think, and be like God. He breathed into him his very life, his breath, God himself. Then the fall came, sin, the separation, the spoiled plan, the broken fellowship, and the tearing apart of what God had planned. But but then came the love story, the redemption story. And it was no longer the forgiveness but now the remission of sins. The sunship and the new creation came about by so perfect a sacrifice and so perfect a word that man once again through the act of God was transformed and put back in a in a capacity once again to be a God man. First he showed us how this would be. This idea of God and man being one uh had been lost. The concept was lost when man went out of the went out of the garden. They forgot about it and never thought about it. Even the old prophets consciously never thought never thought of it. They didn't perceive it under the divine inspiration. They foretold these things. But in their human conscience, they never thought of this sunship, this remission, this total redemption, this restoration that was to come. They never even thought of it. Nobody ever called God his father. It would have been the most sacriiggious thing they had ever done. So much of uh so much so that they wanted to kill Jesus when he did it. This is the new language that no one could ever conceive. Then of course the crucifixion fulfilled the prophets. But then this wind, this spirit, this presence, this God in spirit form blew in that room as the sound of a rushing mighty wind and little pillars of fire sat on everyone just like at sat in the camp of Israel just like it blazed in the bush. This wind blew and they became God's people, a new creation for the first time. It was never known before. They became a new creation, divine species, God men, God dwelt. Then the end began to draw near and the last days began to come upon us. A bit of light then began to come through. A bit more and a bit more until a few years ago we were nearing the end of the cycle of another 2,000 years which is the final one. So that the day of the Lord is at hand. This was the closing generation. Something had to happen. It couldn't go as the past generation had gone. This one is it. Therefore, in God's divine mercy, somehow stepping beyond the bounds of ordinary measure, he had fore ordained at this hour to send us again this prophet. Some are going to think I'm sacriiggious or off doctrinally, and it doesn't really matter. But God came again in human flesh &gt;&gt; and said, "Apparently, I must show them again. I must remind them again. They must see one more time. Once again, they must know what God is like. And he stepped down and sent a little man, a prophet, but more than a prophet this time, a Jesus man this time. Elijah was not that. This is more than that which we have beheld. Moses was not that. For because the different dispensation which he lived, it couldn't be what we have seen more than that. A Jesus man, a man full of God, but sent as a special sign to a generation, this generation, a supernatural sign, an extraordinary measure. Amen. &gt;&gt; Said this halo of light that appeared at his birth, the star, the angel, the discernment, the gifts, all of these were given for that one purpose to show to show us God again. &gt;&gt; This was William Brandham's life. I'm missing out much of it. This was William Brandham's life precisely as we read it in the scripture. Then here brother Brandham say this and they say it's wrong today. But it isn't. They don't believe it. They wouldn't have believed it then. But God has come again. Crossed our paths again. Showed us again what God a God man is like. What God is like. what he is like in in the flesh and what the new creation is like. Is this a mystery? &gt;&gt; This is not a mystery. This is the wonder of God. &gt;&gt; Is this a matter of of dick to dicker over doctrally? This is a matter to g give glory to our God who has come in the flesh again in our generation. He's come in the flesh in all of us, but in a particular way in this man who was his prophet for this generation. Listen friends, &gt;&gt; they did recognize it. &gt;&gt; And these were leaders, great leaders that were gathered in this meeting. &gt;&gt; This is what they believed. What they saw and what they agreed with was the priest lamb. &gt;&gt; They got that far. They could see the lamb priesthood &gt;&gt; and they loved it. And they never saw anything like that. And they had to agree this is a Jesus man. &gt;&gt; This is God in flesh. Said it over and over again more than we say it. &gt;&gt; He said it &gt;&gt; to in this generation went beyond the bounds of what should be necessary to shake the people out of that Pentecostal doctrine. And many of them trinitarians. And now they say this is a prophet. This is a sign. This is a sign of his coming. And through this sign, he's going to gather a people. I wouldn't be a bit surprised God made him say it. &gt;&gt; And here we are today, a product of it. But we're not here just for the priesthood. We're not here just for the mercy part. We're not here just for that. But we're here because the king, &gt;&gt; hallelujah, was introduced through this ministry. the king. Hallelujah. And he'll be son of David to the Jews. We are here just in this little space of time from the time of the revealing to the time of the fulfillment of the seals. Here we are right in the middle of it. And when we read it, sometime we say, "Oh my goodness, has that already happened?" Well, we're It looks like something to happen. Looks like it has happened. I can tell you it is happening. &gt;&gt; You're right in the middle of this happening. And this is a glorious happening. And if that man can say that, surely I can say his this this message came to call an elect, and that elect has been called and is being called, and I'm glad to be a part of it. I rejoice in what God has done. &gt;&gt; Are you thrilled to be identified with it? &gt;&gt; Forget about Cloverdale Bible Way. Forget about the church. Forget about that. We've been called by the bridegroom's voice. And I heard his cry. Amen. and I came out to him and we've been united in marriage to this glorious one. &gt;&gt; Oh yes, he still heals. He still delivers the demoniac. &gt;&gt; He still casts out. He still raises the dead. &gt;&gt; He still does these mighty things. But more than that, we have been wed to him &gt;&gt; and his seed has been placed in us. And we He is the word and we are the word. Hallelujah. We're the last voice to this generation. &gt;&gt; People say that's a lot to say. You must think a lot of yourself. The same spirit that was in Christ that would say if you don't hear this, you remain in your sin. &gt;&gt; That's exactly. You remain in your unbelief because this is a vindicated word. God has confirmed this word. Hallelujah. Not just with signs and wonders. He He confirmed it out of the scriptures. &gt;&gt; There's no message that unfolds the scriptures like this. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Well, that's as far as I could get the converging of those offices and it's really marvelous. I'm thrilled. Thank you for your patience and your time. Time has slipped away from us. But I'm just going to thank him if you would please. It's It's amazing what I'm sure you're quite surprised to hear what men have said. &gt;&gt; Are you not? &gt;&gt; Incredible. &gt;&gt; Let us not take these things lightly. Oh, Father God, you are indeed the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, the God of Jacob. You are the God of the prophets, the God of the kings, the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who raised him from the dead. You are the one that came and stood by the messenger, the prophet messenger of this day. We know that that was you speaking. You have come and unveiled your word. How thankful we are. We don't have to sit in darkness anymore. We don't have to be Gentiles sitting in darkness, but we are Gentiles that sat in darkness that saw a great light &gt;&gt; and we have risen to this light. Oh, I thank you for the light of your go glorious gospel. Father, somehow I pray you'll inspire this congregation. Inspire this people. Give them a divine a divine uncction. Give them an illumination in their minds. I've tried to make it as clear as I could this morning. Lord, I pray that you'll take it and nail those things down in the heart. Even let the unbelieving heart right now, oh God, I pray they'll be loose to their unbelief. They might say, "Oh God, my father, I believe, cast away this doubt from my mind. I pray you'll give all of our precious young people, give them a stalwart walk with you. I pray, Father, that you will give them such such a an inspiration, Lord. when they go to school, we we pray that they will do well. How much more we pray that they will grasp your word and the depth of it. Oh God, grant it in the name of Jesus Christ. We ask it for your glory. Refresh us, Lord, as we will soon return for the Lord's table this night in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We'll stand and I want to sing. It's manifesting time. It's manifesting time, friends. From the time of the revealing to the time of the fulfillment. Were you able to receive this morning? Something for you to take and chew on. I trust that it really is. I trust that it is. Here it is. The voice of my beloved. The voice of my beloved. Behold, he quickly comes sweeping over the mountains, over the hills he [Music] say. It's manesting time. The fruit on the wall is coming [Music] anient. We sing the third verse. Plays the third verse. In the cliff of the rock, in the secret place, till the day breaks away [Music] in that mountain place. [Music] Thank you. [Music] Oh, it's time is coming in. [Music] My lovely one is coming in. &gt;&gt; Now, for those of you that had opportunity to read the first seal, I I have to tell you, I've read the first half of the first seal uh a multitude of times in the last 10 days, and I haven't even got to the backhand yet. I've read it. I've read it, of course, many times before, but I just felt to really go slowly. And I believe God has some things in it for us. And quite frankly, I know that even this morning throughout the congregation, I had that witness before I came to the pullpit. There's going to be some questions that you've had that have been answered. &gt;&gt; You had some questions about it. So, that's why I took in the service. I thought I would raise the question first and then come back in and show the scriptural pattern that it happened with Abraham. It happened with Moses, happened in Jesus' time. And so the real key here for it all is from the time of the revealing which it has been revealed to the time of the fulfillment. and he had to say what it was in the revealing, &gt;&gt; but not necessarily that it was all over. But when it was spoken, you can be certain it was initiated. &gt;&gt; And I can say to you on the authority of God's word, we're right smack in the middle of it. And I don't know about you, but I love to be in the middle of things, especially when God's doing it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Nice to have our brother Ernie here. I'm going to ask brother Ernie to come and dismiss us in prayer and and then deacons, please have these surveys ready, please at the door. I want everyone 18 and over to take one, please. And u uh don't leave it at home. Bring it back this evening if you would just deposit it there. Uh and come with your hearts all ready. We only have a little time to get refreshed now and get rested and be back here at 5:00. Brother Ernie, God bless you. Nice to have you again. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Let's bow our heads. [Music] &gt;&gt; Father, we can as a group say that we are so thankful that the spirit of truth has come in this day. &gt;&gt; And Lord, you have revealed yourself to a body of believers. You have offered to them a justification, a sanctification, a revelation of your spirit and an infilling of your spirit, Lord, that would lift us up into realms and dimensions and spheres that no other people who have ever walked the earth have had that privilege. Lord, you've called us. You proposed to us. You've asked us to be your bride, oh God. And we have responded, Lord, that we will take that wedding band of unmmerited grace, Lord. We'll be faithful. We'll be true, Lord, in all of our dealings, Lord. Lord, we want to love you in ways, Lord, that we don't even know how to, Father. But Lord, you will show us. You will lead and guide us and direct us, Lord, into further truth, into more revelation, into a depth, Lord, into a sweetness of revelation of truth, Father, that will satisfy our soul, Lord. Lord, I pray that each one of us, Lord, would be able to shine the light of God in this darkened world, Lord, to others, Father, who may be out there looking, who may be sincere seekers, oh God, may be trapped in a system, but Lord, lead us and guide us and direct us, Lord, to those that you would have us witness to, Father. And Lord, we pray for Brother Ed that you would restore his strength and his energy, Lord. We thank you for the insight into the word that you have given to him, Lord, that he may pass on to us, Father. And Lord, we pray for the service tonight, that we would come ready and and and and and be in anticipation and expectation, Lord, of this great time together, the Lord's supper and footwashing. Father, we thank you for this day. We thank you for what you've done in this service, Father, in your precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you each one. Greet one another and we'll look forward to seeing you this evening. You're dismissed. God bless you. [Music] Love my Cric. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
