################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2007-06-13 - 07-0613 Applying The Token Pt-1-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada) - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2007-06-13
Title:    07-0613 Applying The Token Pt-1-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada)
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 1m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYPDRNj2Nfw
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] I think we can sing that one more time. [Music] &gt;&gt; It's all because of him. Because he lives [Music] if he's gone because I call the future and life is worth living because [Music] Hallelujah. And because he lives, we live also. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's truly good to be in the house of the Lord this evening, each and every one of you here. We want to greet you all in his precious name. Let's turn the screen to number 715. He's the lily of the valley. Have you found a friend? A friend in Jesus. He means everything to me. Why don't we start with the first verse? &gt;&gt; I have found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. He's the 10,000 to my soul. He lift [Music] [Applause] [Music] and make me fully. In sorrow, he's my comfort. In trouble, he's my every [Music] of the valley, the bright morning star. He's the 10,000 to my soul. He all my days &gt;&gt; and all my sorrows b in temptation. He's my strong and mighty child. I have all for him foren and all my idols and all. &gt;&gt; He keeps me by his power [Music] for me and temp me. So through Jesus I shall safely reach my goal. He's the fairy of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. He will never never leave me nor yet forsake me here. my life I live by faith and do his blessed will [Music] about me find nothing to fear with this man I need my hungry soul shall win then sweeping up to glory to see his blessing where rivers of delight My soul. He's a liy of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's a 10,000 to my soul. Take up your cross and follow Jesus. Take up your cross. each and every day. Don't be ashamed. [Music] Take up the cross and follow him [Music] and follow Jesus. [Music] each and every day. Don't be ashamed. You say that you won't count. Take up your cross. Follow me. Down at the cross where [Music] I cried. to my heart was the blood of life. Oh, glory to his name. Glory to his name. Glory to his wonderful name. And to my heart was the blood of glory to his name. I am so wonderous from Jesus so sweetly abide within there at the cross where he took me in. Glory to his name. Oh, glory. Glory to you. Oh, glory. Glory. Glory to your wonderful name. [Music] The blood of glory to him. Oh precious fountain that save from sin. Are you blessed tonight? [Music] And keep me. Oh, glory to his name. Glory to his name. Glory to what your name [Applause] to my heart was the blood of glory to his name. Won't you come to this fountain so rich and sweet? Cast thior [Music] and be complete. Glory to him. Let's all stand as we sing it tonight. Glory to his name. Glory to his wonderful name. Then to my heart was the blood of life. Glory to his name. Oh glory, glory, glory to his name. Glory to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood of life. Glory to his name. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank you Jesus. How we worship you tonight Lord. Hallelujah. Let there be a sound of victory in the camp. You are wondrous and marvelous, Father. &gt;&gt; We give you praise and glory. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just before we go to prayer, I want to sing 701. He was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. Surely he bore all of our sorrows. and by his stripes. If you're in need of healing tonight, by his stripes, he can't come today. Bear any more stripes. You can't beat yourself enough. But if you can just believe on him this evening. &gt;&gt; He was wounded for us. He was bruised for our [Music] soul. And by his stripes we are for he was wounded for our transress. [Music] He was ru for I [Music] surely sorrow and by his stripes we are for he was for as precious. He was bruised for I surely sorrow. [Music] Keep your mind on me. Keep your mind. [Music] &gt;&gt; There's a great secret in this. on me and I will give to you perfect [Music] sweet [Music] Can we do that tonight? Oh, [Music] &gt;&gt; yes. Stay on me. [Music] And I give you perfect peace. Sweet release. If you'll just keep your mind on me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We want to go to prayer at this time. I have brother Tony, brother Tony Adam, if you'd come lead us in prayer. Just coming back from Brazil. Do want to pray over a prayer cloth that's laid here in faith believing someone asking that the church would pray. They believe if they receive this that the same prayers that have been answered in the past will be conveyed unto them and healing can be granted. We also want to remember an unspoken prayer request that our pastors made known to ourselves this evening. It would desire that the church would just lift it up before the Lord. We don't always have to know all the facts. All we have to do is reach out and touch the hem of his garment on the behalf of others for living for others. This is the desire of our hearts and that's what touches the father. So we'll just go to prayer at this time remembering these needs. Heavenly father, we truly want to have our minds kept on thee, on thy word. Your promises that are sure and amen. your word that'll never pass away, but oh God is the means by which we can have faith in you. And to know, Lord, that you hear our prayers. To know, Lord, that your ear is attuned to your bride this evening. Lord, that you are, oh God, here in our midst tonight to move among us and to Lord Jesus perform your word. And Father, as we would gather here this evening in your name and in your presence, Lord, there are needs that we bring before the altar tonight. There are needs, Lord, of those, Father, that are in sickness and body, Lord, that are suffering in different ways, Father. All of these needs of which are met in you, Father. And we pray, Lord, as we lay our hands on this prayer cloth, that you would, Father, just, Lord, go and do the supernatural work, Father. Oh Lord, that you would undertake, Lord, that just as it was in the days when Paul was ministering, Lord, and they took claws from his body, that Lord, the sicknesses were driven away because of the supernatural presence of an almighty God that was in the midst. And Lord, we believe you're here with us the same way tonight. Lord, there's other needs as well. As we are holding a need of Lord a brother we baptize in Lebanon as Lord Jesus on death door. We hold Abraham up before you Lord that thy will would be done for your glory and your honor Lord. Lord Jesus let your word go forth in a great way Lord as we hold this need up before you. And Lord this unspoken request as well that brother Ed has brought before the assembly. Lord even before it was spoken even before it was made known. Lord, you knew the situation. It's a situation that's under divine control. And we rest in that tonight. We are assured that our lives are ordered of you. That you brought us forth into this season of time, Lord Jesus, to perform your word in us and to Lord, live through us. And in every situation, Lord, may you be glorified and may you receive honor. And so, Father, we have great expectation, Lord, as we've brought these requests before you. as we would turn our hearts to the word tonight. That's why we're here, Lord. To feed our souls, to be strengthened on the inner man, Lord, to live godly in this wicked and perverse world that we're living. Lord, let your glory rest upon us tonight as we ask all these mercies in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You may have your seats this evening. Once again, we want to say God bless you to each and everyone. Those visiting here with us this evening, those on the internet hookup. Just want to say God bless you to you as well. We do want to make mention of a choir practice immediately. It's a junior choir practice immediately following the service this evening in the chapel. And on Sunday morning at 9:45 a.m., there will be a junior choir practice in the chapel. So, if you're in the junior choir practice, you've been notified. So, please be prompt and in attendance. Praise the Lord. Isn't it good to be here? &gt;&gt; Can almost just relax and breathe for a couple of seconds and realize that you're back in a supernatural place where supernatural things happen. Even though we may not be aware of it, a person's being spoken to, the word is coming and delivering somebody. Could be sitting right next to you. It could be you. So, we just want to be sensitive to the moving of the Holy Spirit and ask that the Lord would meet with us. Once again, we'll invite our pastor to come this evening, speak what the Lord has laid upon his heart. Let's turn the screen to 590. There's a great haven of rest. We'll start with the chorus. [Music] anchored my soul in the haven of rest. I s I see no more the place we sto in Jesus I'm safe ever for I've anchored I've anchored My soul is in the haven of rest. I'll say who I see no more. The tempest made sweet or wild. [Music] &gt;&gt; Can we sing Ellie? Elohim. Ela. Elohim. Why don't we stand together? The song is I can't escape it. I thought I'd sing something else, but the Lord said no. We need to sing this before this service. So, we'll just sing it as a praise offering to the Lord. Amen. Lord, how we long to worship you. [Music] Oh, how we long to worship you. Lord, we come to you in worship. No matter what the circumstance, no matter what our situation, we will live a holy [Music] [Applause] How we long to worship you [Music] [Applause] [Music] to worship. worship you oh Lord we come to you in worship no matter what the Lord he's a wonderful God [Music] we will lift He has to [Music] worship you tonight [Applause] [Music] [Applause] and how we to worship you. Oh, and I long to worship you. [Music] to worship you. Amen. While you're standing yet, I would like to just sing a verse in a chorus of pass me not, oh gentle savior. Hear my humble cry while on others thou art calling. Let this be our prayer tonight. Do not pass me by. Count yourself in. Count yourself in for a a blessing tonight. Count yourself in for the answer &gt;&gt; to whatever need you might have. Count yourself in. Come expecting now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Maybe you keep Brother Derek's mic on too. Pass me, oh gentle Savior my cry [Music] and [Music] do not pass This is our [Music] humble cry. [Music] And [Music] Holy do. This is our prayer. Lord, Savior, Savior, hear my humble cry. While on others thou art calling, do not pass me by. Lord, there's many people here gathered this evening. And the prayer of every heart, I believe, is exactly the same. Come by here, Lord. Come by me. Come my way. Speak to me. I need to hear your voice. Oh Lord, I want to hear an answer. I pray, Father, that you will do so directly by the Holy Spirit or directly through your word, through the anointed preaching. Let it be anointed this evening, oh God. We're solely depending upon you. The arm of flesh will surely fail us, so we have no confidence in the flesh. We're trusting solely upon the ministry of the Holy Spirit. Let the breath of God brood over the people I pray. May every evil force be defeated right at the beginning of the service. Oh God, we feel a wonderful, glorious atmosphere. And now I pray that your name will be lifted up and glorified in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. May his name be praised. We're going to be turning to Exodus the 12th chapter. And while you're turning, we had some more good news today. And that is brother Zephaniah Peters from Tanzania got his visa. So we're thankful for that. It just wouldn't be just wouldn't be right if Brother Zephaniah wasn't here. Amen. He says he calls us his second home. So we're happy he feels that way. Amen. Exodus the 12th chapter, we're going to read two verses. that is 12 and 13. For I will pass through the land of Egypt this night and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast, and against all the gods of Egypt. I will execute judgment. I am the Lord, and the blood shall be to you for a token upon the house where you are. When I see the blood, I will pass over you, and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you when I smite the land of Egypt." God bless his word to us this evening. You may be seated. On Sunday, last Sunday, uh I spoke about entering into the Holy of Holies and entering into his rest. And God spoke about my rest. But I just want to uh I I want to give some special attention just to for the moment to the phrase that Apostle Paul said, "Seeing therefore it remainth that some must enter in." And I would like to draw your attention to the fact that entering is an action word. And this evening I want to speak on applying the token and that applying is a is an action word and preparing you for Sunday. Lord willing on Sunday I would like to minister on desperation which is also an action word. If you're in desperation you will do something. And yet they're all tied together. These uh these subjects are all tied together. And so these these verbs of entering into his rest, applying the token and striving to enter in at the straight gate, seeking him with all your heart in that hour of desperation and they're all tied together. Brother Brandham preached the token message and the very next service was the desperation because the verses which we have just read I will pass through the land of Egypt this night. So was bringing it right down to that moment. And I'll smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast. And against all the gods of Egypt, I will execute judgment. I am the Lord. And the blood shall be to you for you for a token upon the houses. We had the young people had and know most of you that are here this evening will well remember the camp the presentation where there was one door of the Hebrews and they were not really uh uh they weren't very fervent about what Moses the prophet had spoken and they had the father had a position and working for the Egyptians he was kind of between the leaders uh uh the task masters and the people and so he had a good position. Things were quite easy for him. So he just couldn't take it as seriously as the next household which took it very seriously and and the son is asking father have we covered you know have we have we applied the have we applied the blood to the doorpost and the and the door lentil and he was so uh concerned about it and he said well we're doing everything that the prophet of God has said we're doing everything that he said we're doing it just the way that he said it and in that they rested and death struck the other family even though they were Hebrews and it was a very very striking and very serious very solemn time but it was just an enactment but it was no less real. I can tell you that even though we read these two verses these two verses happened to involve hundreds of thousands of people and homes and brought a whole nation to their knees. And uh it was just a simple act of applying the blood, but it was an act and it had to be done. And I have uh been you know I ponder a lot of things from week to week and as the months go by and the years go by and I I see the effect of the message on uh the lives of people and then I I see others that do not take it really seriously. And there are things that are ministered things that the prophet of God has said very clearly. You don't even need a revelation. It just says it very clearly, very plain. And then you'll you'll see, you know, and I think we're all inclined that way sometime. Just kind of carry on. Well, yeah, I know. And I should change and I should do it and I should correct it and and so on. And I I would say that the hour is too late for us to take it casually. The hour is far too late. And I think that we we must be more than hearers of the word. We need to be doers. &gt;&gt; Action is what God wants. And so in the message in the desperation message and you might want to read that between now and Sunday uh or hear it uh I will be I expect to be Lord willing in that message quite a uh to quite extensively on Sunday. But in the desperation message, brother Brown's referring back to the token message which he just preached the service before and he said the message this morning was to me that was the token message was to me the highlights message of my entire ministry. You know this is 1963 September 1963. It's getting on. He's only got 64 and 65 to minister. So it's right towards the end of his ministry. So he said it's the highlight message of my entire ministry this morning. Highlight message of my entire ministry. He says it twice. And he says further. Now there's many people who don't know what that token is. And I think there's perhaps many here that don't fully uh know. They know that well it was the blood back then. But we're we're not we're not 3 and 4 thousand years ago. we're up here today and what is the token now? And brother Brandham of course tells us the token is the the Holy Spirit is the token today. But you know that's just a phrase to a lot of people and we want to we want to make it uh more clear. Uh I want you to understand it. We I think that we uh we need to be able to uh spend some quiet time on this Wednesday evening. And I'm just going to keep back from preaching as as such. But I would like to lay some things in. Um while everyone doesn't know maybe what as brother Bram said doesn't know what the token is talking about today. We must have the token. That is absolutely essential. But yet we preach it anyway. While not everyone everyone here may not even have it applied. I trust it will be applied. But I'm going to be dwelling on that word, applying the token very, very much. And even though, you know, we preach the gospel, we know that everybody's not going to be saved, but yet we preach the gospel because it's for some. Uh we know that everyone's not going to be healed, but we preach healing anyway. We preach faith even though maybe everybody hasn't got faith, but we preach it because faith come by hearing and hearing by the word of God. So we preach it anyway. We preach salvation anyway. We preach the token anyway. Amen. &gt;&gt; Because uh somebody's going to take a hold of it. Now, the the time of the token most certainly points to the sacrifice, and we understand that the time of the token certainly points to the sacrifice of Jesus Christ at Calvary, but also of this time. And I think for us more importantly at this time, not more important than Calvary. Calvary was the purchase price paid. But now it is the redemption. The redemption that was paid for this the claiming time. It is redemption claiming time. But in in Luke 17:30, which is the revealing of the son of man, it was a it was an evening time back then for the Jewish nation. And after that they went into darkness and have been for 2,000 years. It's the evening time for the Gentiles at this time. And in the message, the token message while I lay this foundation, prophet said the lamb was killed in the evening time after being kept up for 14 days. And then the lamb was killed and the blood was applied. I'd like you just to watch this word as we go through applied because I believe perhaps you'll see it from quite a different direction tonight and it'll be a blessing to you and a lot of good solid instruction and we can go away and and actually uh put it into apply it to our lives. The blood was applied in the evening time and he said you get it. The token never came into existence until the evening time. And this is the evening time. And we know that this is the evening time of the age that we live in. This is the evening time of the church. This is the evening time. He said, for me, this is the evening time of my message. He said, I'm dying. I'm going. I'm moving out in the evening time of the gospel. So the token which was the Passover was a critical moment for these people. And if it was if that was a critical moment for those people, is it any less critical for us? I say not &gt;&gt; and perhaps much more so critical for us than it was for them. So, we're not just sitting here on a Wednesday evening, you know, uh, well, we've come to church, and I want to move way beyond just coming to church on a Wednesday evening or on any any service. We want to move far beyond that because we are living in a real crisis time. When we look around, you don't have to look very far and you can see that there's distress of nations. There's violence everywhere and men's hearts are failing for fear. And that's not a negative thing because we have the most positive gospel that there is. This is a crisis time that we're living in. And God has provided abundantly for every believer that can live victoriously in this time. The Passover night, the Passover night which we just read read about was the culmination of all the plagues and a mighty ministry. Now the people had not participated in it themselves. They saw the hand of God in mighty demonstration, God uh without any question and beyond any doubt, any doubt whatsoever, God himself demonstrated himself, manifested himself so that all the people, believers, unbelievers, makeelievers, all had to know that was God that was moving on us and brought the plagues. &gt;&gt; It had really nothing to do with the people. And we're sitting here today. We are the product of a message that we really had nothing to do with in it coming. And it came with an incredible demonstration of power. &gt;&gt; We had nothing to do with that power. We had nothing to do with what took place. But it came with an incredible demonstration even to the raising of the dead. several cases of being of the dead being raised and the supernatural and and all kinds of supernatural things. And so God in so doing will you say well back then he brought a nation to their knees as it were. He I would say that he God has in this time actually brought the world to a time of decision. &gt;&gt; Either accept it or reject it. And you might say, well, there's multitudes never never heard. Well, there was all kinds of multitudes never heard Moses' voice either. But nevertheless, God accounted it to the whole nation. And this time it is really to the whole world. And so, not since the days of the apostles, I want to just make a few quotes. Not since in the in the message, Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Brother Brandham is saying nowhere you find in find it in history since the days of the apostles. This is the last winding up of the message to the Gentiles. And FF Bosworth uh he made a he made a remarkable statement. FF Bossworth, if you have the Isuza Street uh book, Isuza uh the Isuza revival that broke out, the Pentecost revival, and many of the early I got a a book that was sent me just recently, 100 years of Pentecost. And uh FF Bosworth's pictures there, he's one of the original fathers of that great movement at that time. And brother Brandham asked, "How many knows Fred Bosworth?" And do you believe him to be a good man? He is. And he's as close to me as my daddy. But yet in that, brother Bosworth, who stood by my side, who stood in the pulpit, who's preached of this gift, who's built platform, who's constantly speaks of it. He constantly speaks of of the ministry. And he and this is what Father Bosworth said. He said, "I'm 70some years old. I've never seen it. Never read of anything like it since the days of the apostles. Never seen anything like it. Never read anything like it since the days of the apostles. And here's a man and people look back to Isuza Street and the great mighty revival and everything else. Here's a man that was a one of the fathers of that great move and he says, "I've never seen anything since the days of the apostles." So, he's he's attributing uh a supernatural that that was taking place in the in Brother Brandham's ministry that he never saw back then, even in 1906. And they said it was just swept the whole world. But he said, "I've never seen anything. I've never heard anything. I've never read anything like this since the days of the apostles in the message of grace." said, "God has done great signs and wonders like he's never done since the world, since the days of the Lord Jesus. He's never did it in all the history of time and around the world that's went and still the world continually getting worse." But then I have to remember that we're living in the Leodysian church age where there where they will get worse and it said that they would for the scripture says it'll wax worse and worse. So even though the greater move and a greater revival and nothing like it since the time of the apostles and just one last quote along this line uh because this is bringing us into into focus. You've been called under that kind of a message that called under that kind of a demonstration. Maybe you didn't see it. We didn't see Moses and we didn't see the plagues. Any one of them but we believe it happened. Exactly the way the scripture says in the message Balman Gilead. Now when we he said when we seen the greatest thing the greatest revival the greatest ministries that's ever been known since the days of Jesus Christ has crossed this nation. Tell me when, where, where whereabouts did you ever read in a book or hear or even know of ministry like we have today? Now, he said, now what's going to follow it? Judgment to reject it. So, people say, well, uh, you know, I don't see any judgment. Quite frankly, I see it everywhere. &gt;&gt; I see judgment everywhere. I see it on the people. Uh whenever you see what's happening with our youth and happening and the and the wickedness and the vile things that are taking place to me, it's judgment. It's judgment. The bars and and then here's another thing. I don't know if you've ever thought of this. Probably you have. But you know, when you just consider some of these things when you when you speak of and when I rehearse in your ears the mighty things and the supernatural and you talk about the tent meetings, you talk about the revival, you talk about them packing out auditoriums across the entire nation and not only thousands, tens of thousands, not only tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of people gathering ing and you see what is what has taken place and then look at the nation today you know look at America today look at Canada today cold formal dead as dead twice dead plucked up by the roots say what was the effect of all of that you know what it was is a whole lot of emotion a whole lot of physical things people desiring healing and desiring miracles where the miracles take them nowhere &gt;&gt; you can have miracles every day of your life but once You get birthed by the word of God. &gt;&gt; It'll be a change in your life. And that change will last all of your days and take you on into eternity. It has to be a word birth. It's not just a, you know, miracle miracle and having all these kind of things. They're lovely. They're wonderful. What did the plagues do for for Egypt? Nothing. &gt;&gt; They went on their own way and never recovered. go to Egypt today if you think they've recovered. I'm not a travel agent, but so the evening time message has forced a time of decision upon this generation. Now, it's a it's a paradox. The paradox is this. I'm not just telling you, but you know deep in your heart that this message is unlike any message. There is nothing like it. &gt;&gt; We can say also similarly that the Lord Jesus Christ as a man because he was the word in flesh and there was there was no one there wasn't others that were similar to him. &gt;&gt; He was like he lived on another planet. He was in another league. He was in another realm. And as the prophet said, he dwelt in two worlds at the same time. That was our Lord Jesus Christ. And if and and if this message in word form is revealing him, if it is the revelation of him, then there can be no message even remotely similar to it. &gt;&gt; It has to be as different as he was different. &gt;&gt; He was all alone. He was completely isolated to the to the rest of the world. And this message is entirely different. It will never become familiar. And so we don't want to ourselves who feed on it day by day. We don't want to let it become familiar. &gt;&gt; We don't want that. We don't want it just to we don't want to be at ease in Zion. We don't want to, you know, and and uh brother Brandham brought it up a number of times. It speaks of it also in the scripture. You know, when we we get our jobs and we get our homes and we get kind of things put together, those time those blessings never tend towards making a person more fervent and more zealous. They always tend to make a person, you know, kind of settle back because things are taken care of and the bills are being paid and I've got my job and we've got our home and we've got our car and we've kind of got our our holiday vacation all slotted and what we're doing and you know we're doing this and you young people, bunch of you gone through your graduation uh ceremonies and all these things and you know things are kind of mapped out and We we there's a tendency when we come into the house of God. Well, we're in the house of God. This is church. Yeah. Here's our ministers. There's a pastor. And uh and we've we've got things more or less uh all put in place. And there's a tendency then to just kind of lax off. But I think if this is as critical a time as as the token message says it is and as the desperation message says it is, then we ought to be we ought to be and I shouldn't even have to say it, but we ought to feel an urgency. We ought to feel an urgency all the time because it's a critical time. And it's not critical because our environment necessarily says it's critical. It's critical because the word of God says it's critical. &gt;&gt; You might be able to look at some things in a relative way and say, "Well, things are actually better today. There are things are actually going better." You know, and if you look at some things, you might be able to say that. But a real believer can't say that. I wouldn't say that because it's not because we see things from a different perspective. Well, let me go on quickly. the our L the Lord Jesus said the law and the prophets where until John and since that time the kingdom of God is preached and every man every man pressth into it that's not just men but men and women both every person in other words presseth into it it's an active action word we're not there's nothing in the Bible that really indicates that we just kind of uh you know can relax ourselves. It they press into it and the Bible says that every man presseth into it and the word is that they use force they apply force there there we should as believers feel a force within us driving us forward. &gt;&gt; Amen. applying uh uh uh the pressing into it and applying a force. There is a force there should be a force within us. Now applying the token is uh it's an action word and the action in this case is doing not just hearing. And uh I I'm going to come down to where we live. I'm going to come down to our address. Your address, my address. I've stood behind this pullpit and have preached and I've seen the word go out. I've seen lives touched and I know that God has spoken. in fact is just a couple of meetings ago, I know that there was an individual standing here at the end of the service that could was so moved and I was waiting to see the surrender and I knew that God was speaking to this individual. I knew it. I knew it as well as I knew my own name. But and I know that that individual knew that they should be surrendering and God was dealing with them and dealing with them and dealing with them, but they didn't move. I only use that as an example because I believe that there's as the weeks and months go by and the years roll by, it's amazing how long we can hang on to something &gt;&gt; that we know &gt;&gt; we ought to surrender up. we know we ought to let go. It's amazing how long we will allow things that we know are wrong or attitudes that we know are wrong and we'll hang on to those attitudes and we'll hang on to that that thing and and not let go of it. It's it's amazing to me and I I think that if we as individuals could just uh assimilate what I'm saying this evening. It's a critical time. We don't have time to wait. We don't have time to let things go on and on and on and on. What we ought to do, we ought to respond very quickly. And I'm preaching also to myself. We ought to respond very, very quickly and say, "God, you speak and I'll do it." Because the scripture is very clear about doing the word. Be ye not hearers only but doers of the word. And the scripture tells us of the man that built it his house on the sand and the other man who built it on the rock dug deep and built it on the rock. And one simply the only difference between the two one was a hearer and the other one was a doer. Jesus is telling us a powerful powerful truth. It's not sufficient to sit in a comfortable church and hear it only. &gt;&gt; And you might as well say amen even if it hurts. Just say ouch. &gt;&gt; But say amen anyway. &gt;&gt; I say amen. &gt;&gt; I say amen. Not because it's a wonderful preaching, but because it's truth. &gt;&gt; And I would like to see I would like to believe that we could have a congregation of people that would be so sensitive to the Holy Spirit that as soon as the Holy Spirit just spoke to our individual heart, we had an immediate yes Lord. Yes, I will do it. Yes, I will go. And it will change the whole atmosphere of the of the congregation and quite frankly change the whole atmosphere of the meetings. &gt;&gt; The meetings would be different completely different if we had say the the whole majority of the congregation just moving under the brooding of the Holy Spirit. Yes. And we surrender. Yes. Lord, you've identified that thing and I leave it. I leave it right now. I'm on my way. I'm leaving that behind. Can you say &gt;&gt; amen? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; In the message desperation. Now, I've got a number of quotes and I'm going to uh I'm going to spend a little time on them. He said, "Now I'm sure or hope that you got what the token meant. The token is the sign that the blood has been applied. So the blood had to be applied. Um uh the the man of the house had a responsibility for his household and he had to apply the blood. It was a sign that the price had been the price that had that's been asked required of God. It had been paid and it was a sign that God received you. Now appi applying the token and this is where I want to come to for this evening. Applying the token is actually living an example life. A life that's lived out as an example. And if we hear the word and it speaks to us but we don't do it then there is no example. Amen. &gt;&gt; If we hear the word and God speaks to us concerning something that may be very very personal, something within your own life, your own realm, but if we don't do it, then we are not applying the token because the token is an action word. Token is the life being lived out. That's exactly what it is. God gave God gave the word and it come out of Moses' mouth. This is exactly what you're supposed to do. You take the Passover lamb and and and here's how you order every step of it. So when they took that lamb and when they slay slew the lamb and took the blood and and and uh did all the other things that were essential for the Passover because brother Brandham also called that the communion. So they had communion. So they slay the lamb and it's prepared a certain way and they eat it and they have like brother Brandham said you know the children perhaps the son said hey father why you got the staff in your hand? Why have you got the shoes? Why have you got the sandals on your feet? Because this was not an ordinary meal. Right? &gt;&gt; You eat it with haste &gt;&gt; and you eat it this way and you be pre be prepared to move out. It's a critical time. &gt;&gt; If that was so then what about now? I'd say we want to have the shoes on our feet. We want to have the staff of the word in our hand. We want to be ready to move out. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It's a critical time. Judgment falling everywhere. We've received a message. We received a an invitation. Time to move out. It was a critical time. So applying the token now. Brother Brandham says this, you are a creator yourself, a miniature creator. And did you ever see people that were nice people though you just couldn't be around them hardly? Something about something about them you just couldn't stand. This is exactly what he said. Did you ever see people that you just love to be around? Did you ever see them kind of people that's the atmosphere that they create themselves? someone creates an atmosphere and you love to be around it. And others, he said, they're nice people. They're good people. They're real godly people. They're Christians and all the rest of it, but they the atmosphere that they create around them or that is created around them for whatever reason. It's maybe it's just not an atmosphere that you like to be around. It's not something that you kind of, you know, want to be associated with. not bad people, but it's it doesn't minister anything to you. And then you have others you just like to be around them. And when you leave, you feel strengthened. You feel edified. You feel higher. You feel better off. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because each one of us create an atmosphere around us. I want you to hang on to that now. Hold on to that because that's going to me be important. And he said, "And let me tell you today, my dear friends, the greatest thing that there is this side of heaven is lovable statements and accounts that brother Brandham has given and used the principle of love and I have been deeply deeply I won't say affected, but I've been deeply convicted because I have I've read it. I listened to it and I just in no wise feel that I can anyway measure up to what he said love would be. You say, "Is that true?" Yeah. And I think if I threw it out here this evening, and I won't do it, but I think there'd be most of this people that sit sitting here in this church that would confess. I don't have that measure. I haven't experienced that kind of love. Maybe you couldn't even experience this. Listen, divine love. He said, "God is love." You read in the book, now he's talking about his own experiences, one that took place in Portland, Oregon. You read in the book when a maniac ran out to kill me on the platform that night. I was with brother Brandham and he related this exact this very happening. Brother Edwin Dods brought a man here that was a uh an executive of the UPC, United Pentecost organization, and I believe he was head of home missions or something. He was in this meeting. You remember that, brother Dodd? And said, "My pastor," Brother Dodd was telling this man, "My pastor knew Brother Brandham and was in the meetings and saw some supernatural things. Maybe you'd like to meet him." So, we arranged and met in my study right here after the service. And this man was in this meeting and saw this happen and saw that maniac come up and and brother Brandham told me that when that maniac stood in front of him and was frothing at the mouth, he was saying to him through his clenched teeth, I'm going to tear you limb from limb. Now, here's what brother Brandham says. He came up to kill me that night. He said, I didn't hate the man. I loved him. Now put yourself honestly put yourself in his shoes and have somebody tear in here and come up in your face. I'm going to tear you limb from limb and you know maybe it's full of demon power and what are you going to do? This to me smites me in the deepest part of my heart because brother Benham said I didn't hate him. And you might say, "Well, I wouldn't hate him either." No, but your heart, no doubt, would be filled with fear. And you'd be looking for the exit doors, and I might be doing the same thing. You say, "Would you, Brother Ed? Yeah, I'm human. You think I want somebody to tear me limb from limb?" I might look at this big strapping fellow and say, "I'm I'm I'm history." Unless God had spoken something very, very specific to me and said, "Stand there and I'll be with you." He said, "I loved him. I felt sorry for him." And that's what slew him on the platform. He actually dropped on Brother Brandham's shoes. Now, I can't say that I experienced a great move of love, but I was in a meeting and there was a demon-possessed young man. He was very sturdy fellow. He wasn't he wasn't big, but he was violent, very violent. And they told me that this young man tears up meetings and he's very violent. And the people were fearful of him. And so before before I started to before I started the service, I just said, "I just want everybody to bow your heads. We're going to pray." And I and I told him clearly, I said, "We're going to bind that demon. That demon is not going to be able to disturb this service." And that young man had a red polka dot handkerchief in his hand. He took that red handkerchief out. And as long as I preached and as long as that service went on, he just twisted that thing in his hand and he couldn't do a thing. He was as he was as controlled as a mouse under the power of God. And I can't say that I had a great expression of love, but I knew one thing that that God had put that service in my hands and the devil had no right to disturb it. And we're going to bind him right there. and he was absolutely bound through the whole service. And we prayed for the young man after the after the meeting and what happened after that. That was the last time I I I actually saw him. But he said, "Love is the mightiest force there is. And even felio love, felio love will make a mother jump through a fire to grab her burning baby. She won't think of herself." Even felio love. What about agela love? &gt;&gt; Amen. And it's it's it's within reach, friends. &gt;&gt; And you don't know you don't know what you have until you're called on. &gt;&gt; You are a creator, he said, of an atmosphere around you. And you make that yourself by your own disposition and the spirit that's on the inside of you. The spirit that's on the inside of you. You're creating an atmosphere. When you go out of this place tonight, I don't care whether it's at home or at your work or wherever it might be, if you if you focused your thoughts on this and believed it with all your heart, you say, "I am creating an atmosphere. I'm creating an atmosphere. the spirit that's on the inside of you. Now, I want to take the word apply because that atmosphere that you create, you're actually applying something. You know, if you get all distressed and nervous and uh we've even had people We've had people and there's a certain spirit that I have confronted a number of times and that spirit jumps on people and when you start feeling really miserable, it's amazing how that likes company. I'm miserable and I just want somebody else to feel miserable, too. And you create that kind of an atmosphere and do you know what happens? Somebody else starts feeling miserable. They didn't experience what you experienced. They had had nothing to do with what you went through, but you just feel miserable. And uh I'm just not content to be miserable by myself. We've actually dealt with people that have been in that state and they actually know. I've talked to them. I said, "Do you know it's a spirit?" Furthermore, do you know that it's an evil spirit? And and they'll agree. Yeah. Yeah. I said, 'Now, I can tell you because I've done a few battles with him and I can even tell you how that works. He builds up his case and maybe things start going wrong in the day or in the morning and things just aren't exactly right and you you we've got all kinds of words. We feel down in the mouth. We feel blue. We feel gloomy. We feel whatever more. None of those are in the Bible. But I said at some point in time, you actually start feeling just a dark cloud, a dark heaviness moving near you. You know what they I've dealt with several cases. I mean, had it bad. And I said, "Is that what happens?" They said, "Yeah, that's exactly what happens. I actually can feel it." I said, "You know what? That's that demon spirit. You're feeling his influence moving up on you. But if you don't know what it is, you don't know how to handle it, you need to say right at that moment before he takes a hold of your thoughts and bring you negative and bring you down and bring you into depression, you need to stop right there and say, "Just a moment. I know who you are. &gt;&gt; I know who you are and I know your tactics and you have no part with me. I'm a bloodbought son or daughter of God and you have no place &gt;&gt; and I resist you." actively resist him and he has to flee according to the word of God and he will flee. &gt;&gt; But if you just mop along, it's going to take control of the day and make you miserable and then you get miserable and you start walking around say I just like somebody else to share this misery with me. I don't want to be miserable by myself. how to make someone else's life a day real miserable and then at least two of us will be miserable and that really works bad in a home. &gt;&gt; It's bad. Now, you can stay there if you want, but I I I just don't care for it. &gt;&gt; If you apply something, now we're talking about this application. Some of you people that are uh workmen in construction and so on or whatever more, if you're going to apply something, that's that's not merely an action word, but it's an activity. It's something that you do. You're going to apply something. And it may be that one application's not enough. And it might also be well, if this application works here, then it automatically works over there. Look, I'm going to just bring it to to you. Right. Right. right down where we all live. We have the words and we I hear them all the time and I don't think people understand them. Oh, I've applied the token. What did you do? They don't know. That's just a phrase. I applied the token. I applied the token to my son. I applied the token on my daughter. I applied the token. I applied the token. To apply the token is actually an activity. It's an action. I've applied the token. what brother Brandham's talking about, I'm going to give it to you in detail. You actually apply a life and influence that person. &gt;&gt; You apply it. You apply it to them. And now you've got, you know, one application doesn't fit all. &gt;&gt; One application does not fit all. You have somebody and maybe you got one child. We'll talk about children. Parents applying the token to the for the children. You got one child and and they've got one kind of temperament. They've got they've got uh you know they've got a certain kind of a character and the life you live to influence them may well be different than the life the atmosphere you create around another one or or a husband to wife and a wife to husband. you know, uh I guess we all got, you know, certain spots which are sensitive and uh and I've heard the phrase and you have too to say, well, they they know which button to push. They get a reaction. Brother Bram talks about people and how different they are. you find one person is uh real boisterous and you know demonstrative and loud and the next person's real quiet. Well, to apply the token to say to one person of member of the family or let's just talk about the family that's here. You know, you have some people that are quiet. They're reserved. They're I won't say refined, but they're just they're just different. They've got a quiet, timid spirit. And if you want to influence them and you want to influence them the right way, it's not the same as when you're dealing with the next person. Next person might be, you know, they're free, they're outgoing, they're they're whatever more. And you you just deal with people that are different. You deal with them differently. I'm a pastor. I know. I mean, I'm I'm in some homes and and homes are relatively quiet and I don't go in there and, you know, try to have a great big loud time. You just kind of flow with it, you know, and be whatever whatever that home is, whatever that person is. I've been around people uh that they want to share a burden. And so I I and I sense that I sense that they're they're happy to share a burden. And so I may share a burden of the church. I may share a burden from a family. I may share a burden of the work of the Lord and and just tell them and and but to the next person that would be terribly negative. It would just crush them and weight them down. And I sense this person, this person's not made to handle that at all. Brother Brandham said he comes in the home and I read it again today. He'll have come in the house and the kids are fighting and screaming. Said that happened in his home. I'm sure they did because they had children and they're fighting and you know maybe yelling and whatever more crying and he said even his wife standing there at the at the dispan and she's crying as well and it's just been that kind of a time. Well, now I don't know, you know, I don't know whether uh uh just how I would handle that, but it might be a tense moment, you know, but for him, he he went there and he just decided he's a creator. He's going to create an atmosphere. He just got there and started helping her and doing the dishes and working with her and and created a whole different atmosphere. And he said a few minutes everything was just nice and quiet and peaceful. might say, "Well, where's all this coming to?" Have you ever heard of a pity party? &gt;&gt; You all have heard of a pity party. When we're going through a bad time, we like some pity and so, you know, people get in a pity party and one starts it and then the other one just feeds that and then this one feeds this one. and oh, they're just having a great time. And when they're all done, &gt;&gt; they're not any higher. &gt;&gt; They're far worse off. &gt;&gt; They've just they've absolutely uh they they they have succeeded in destroying each other's victory, &gt;&gt; but they feel better because we got it off. See, it doesn't work. It does not work. I've I've seen it so many so many many times. So, what do you do in a time like that? Well, I just realize that that that will not succeed. That won't that won't get us any further. So, now here's here's what uh brother Brandham said about applying. He talks about I think it was in a message u I think it might have been things that are to be or modern events one of those too he talks about how God made people different one loves the mountains one hates the mountains one loves the prairies one loves the desert one he made us all different we're completely different and you can't take someone who loves the desert and say you're going to love the mountains they don't love the mountains they were is made that way. One person's made quiet, another person's made talkative, another person's made one way, made the other way. But God made us all. &gt;&gt; And we need to be and you that have uh you that have, you know, children in your families. Listen friends, this might this might sound like just uh you know beef stew and potatoes, but it's really needful because I deal with all kinds of situations. Even young people and parents need to be really discerning how they deal with their young people, how they deal with their children need to be real discerning because the way you the way you deal with one and what I'm going to talk about dealing the way you apply the token to one is absolutely opposite to the way you apply the token to the other one. Completely opposite because this one can take it, the other one can't take it and they have to be handled exactly differently. And then some, you know, young people, they have a a real hard time. You deal with a a a a young person when they're young and apply the token. You can't treat uh a a a senior teenager like you treat a child. And neither can a husband treat a wife like they treat their children. You're not a child. And you can't treat a wife can't treat a husband like he's just one of the little boys in the home. Now you do this, do that, take the garbage out, and you know you have to do those things. You don't have to be reminded. You got all the things. But if you get if you get treated that way, pretty soon you start acting that way. Just what do you want me to do next, dear? You'd be surprised what kind of atmosphere that that creates. It actually creates an atmosphere. But if one and the other and if each have a real respect for one another, an acknowledgement of one another, another one each for their position. You know what you're actually doing? You are creating an atmosphere and you're applying something to the home. you're actually applying something to their lives. Brother Brandham says in the token, now this is the token. He opens with these words, flee for safety, then apply. And here's what you want to Here's what here's what you want to believe for. You want for your own safety. You believe for your safety. and then apply the token for the whole family. Now, just stop. You've used that term before. What do you mean by it? I'm telling you what I believe by it for the service tonight. But what do you mean by it? Say, well, I've applied the token. What did you do? It'd be good for you to answer that to yourself. If you've ever used that phrase, I've applied the token. What did you do when you applied the token? I'm going to tell you what he said. And in fact is you'll find the word apply over and over and over and over again. And I believe that as as believers I believe we have a responsibility to create an atmosphere. You might say, "Well, I haven't got any responsible for I'm not responsible for the young person beside me." Well, a phrase has been going over and over and over in my mind, and it's the words of Cain. And he said, "Am I my brother's keeper? Am I my brother's keeper?" Well, yeah, we are. &gt;&gt; We are our brother's keeper. We're there to keep, to strengthen, to build one another up so that when they move out of our presence, they can say, "I've been encouraged. I've been strengthened. I have been very much helped from this visit, from this atmosphere that I've just been in. I challenge you to create an atmosphere for one another. Be active, be proactive. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Talk talk encouraging to one another. &gt;&gt; So he says, "Then apply the token." He said, "You believe for your safety, then apply the token for the whole family. You say how can I do that? He answers a he asked the question how can I do that? He said number one claim it. It worked for you. Then you and the word become one. He said it works for both of you. You and the word are one. Then apply it to your children. Apply it to your loved ones like Rahab did. She applied the token to her father. She applied it to her mother. She applied it to her brothers and sisters and got them all in. &gt;&gt; Then he says, "You apply it. &gt;&gt; She applied it to her mother. She applied it to her father." And listen, she had the token, but she didn't even know that she had the token. She didn't know what the token was. And they told her where to put it. They told her how to apply it. They told two spies told her how to apply it. These are two spies. They aren't even prophets. They're two spies. They're two soldiers. And they told Rahab what to do with that scarlet thread and put it in the window. And they she did it and her life was spared. Is this a myth or is it happening? Did that actually happen? And so they spoke it and told her. They didn't leave her any message book. They just told her, "This is what you do. You have it. You put it in the window and your place will be spared." &gt;&gt; And the walls were going to come down and her house was on top of the walls. And it sounds like a fairy tale, but that according to the word of God happened exactly like that. And if that happened, &gt;&gt; can't we trust a prophet and make us active enough to say this is what you do? &gt;&gt; And I don't care. It may be in in, you know, in my uh feeble way this evening, but I could I could preach and I could narrow it down a whole lot because I don't want to, you know, I don't want to get too heavy with it. But the word of God is calling on us to apply the token. In other words, apply this kind of life. We are responsible to one another. We are fathers. You are responsible for your home to live the kind of life that those children and those around you are going to admire. And I want them to be able to say, I want to live that kind of a life. I want to be that kind of a person. Is this is this too high to reach? No, I don't think it's too high to reach at all. I to say that's right within our reach. God would not have given it to us unless he knew that we had it in our in our place. You've got it exactly like Rahab had it. She had that scarlet thread. You have it. You have the token. The prophet said you have the token. And I believe you have the token. I have the token. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We're living in a time of this is a time when destruction's on its way. lives are being shattered. How come you are where you're at? How come God has given you what you possess? What what has done that? Well, we can say, well, it's just a a grace. It's amazing grace. But it's even more than that. It is that the word is preached. We hear it. We believe it. We act upon it. And when we act upon it, we are applying something not only to ourselves, he says for your own safety. That's why we do it. We do it for our own safety. And then once you have it, then you apply it to someone else. That's exactly what he said. You can't get anything else out of that out of that token message than that. Then you apply it. &gt;&gt; It didn't say how impossible it is or how hopeless it is. It may be utterly hopeless, but you apply it. You believe it. And when you believe it, you confess it. How long shall you confess it? As he said, say it until you believe it. &gt;&gt; Keep saying it. &gt;&gt; You keep applying it. &gt;&gt; It's not for us here to discuss. This one looks good. This one looks promising. This one looks impossible. It had nothing to do with it. &gt;&gt; She just Rahab asked for I want a I want a true token from you, &gt;&gt; a true promise. you'll save me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And they said, "We'll save everything that's in your house as long as they're here." And you keep your vow and you don't tell our our mission here. You keep this secret. And you and everyone that's in this house will be safe &gt;&gt; and they will not be destroyed in the judgment of God. And I'm going to I'm putting my confidence in a vindicated word. Does it look impossible? Yes. Many of them look impossible. And I don't know how it's going to happen. But he said, "You live the life. I'm doing everything I know how to live the life in front of them. I want to live it. And if I have to go by the way of the grave, I want to at least have the testimony." He lived what he believed. &gt;&gt; He held steady. &gt;&gt; Showed the character of Christ. I want that. Ask him to forgive me every time we don't. We're all human. We go through those times. But I tell you what, I'm doing everything we know to do. He said, "Claim it. It worked for you, didn't it? Worked for you. You're here on a Wednesday evening. Did it work for you?" &gt;&gt; Now, he's saying if it worked for you, then you can make it work for someone else &gt;&gt; out of your own life. You know what I like about this? Some people say, "Well, I can't I can't really testify." You can this way. &gt;&gt; Some people say, "I'm not good with words." You don't have to be good with words. You have to just be good with obedience to the word. You have it in you. You live it. You let the t You let the light and it'll it'll beacon out somebody that's not even in the sound of your words. They can't even hear you because they live in another city. They live in another country, but they still get the effect of your life. You'd be surprised where that goes. Said, "How can I do that?" You claim it, then you apply it to your children. Apply it to your loved ones. Get them all in. He said, "You apply it. Say,"Lord, I'm going after my son." That's what he said. Say, didn't say hear it. Said say it. I'm going after my son. I'm going after my daughter. I claim her, Satan. You turn her loose. I'm coming after her. I apply the token. It's not some It's not some figment of your imagination. I'm going to apply the token. I'm going to apply the token. It's not It's not something that you just get down and grunt out in prayer. It's a life that you live. I'm going to live this before them. They're going to have this testimony and I'm going to live this life in front of them. Hallelujah. And you are applying applying your life applying the token to them. It's an application. And this person might need one kind of application. That person need another. The young people, the teenagers, they need one kind of application. Another couple, a single sister, a brother, they need a different kind. Someone who's in a hardship, they need a certain kind of application. The other one that is have everything's coming up, you know, roses and pieces and cream. They need a different kind of application. So, we have to be almost all things to all people. But you have it within you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; One time Jesus would cry out, next time he'd be silent. Sometime he'd just send his word and heal him. You know, he give the biatitudes on the mountains and and and and he he was different at different times because that what was he doing? He was applying, not only applying and creating an atmosphere for the believers, for those that would follow him, but also bringing a a judgment on those that were rejecting it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He said, I apply the token, oh Holy Spirit that lives within me, catch my daughter there. I'm going to her now with your anointing upon me. You will do it. Not will you do it. You will do it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I say amen. &gt;&gt; See, people have lived the life in Acts 16 and31. He's quoting Paul told the centurion, "Believe. I'm a messenger of the hour. Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. Thou and thy house shall be saved. Believe for your house. Bring them all under it. Now you've seen the God of heaven perform a miracle just before judgment. You believe it? Yes. What can I do? He said, "Rise and be baptized." And he did it. &gt;&gt; He did it. The man obeyed the word. Paul took him and baptized him. He said, "Now believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou and thy house shall be saved." He said, "Brother, believe what? Believe the Lord Jesus Christ for your house. He said, "Believe the Lord Jesus Christ for your house." And he puts it in different words. Apply the token to your house. Then what do you do? Then what do you do when you apply it to your house? Move all the trash out. Get all the short skirts and the shorts and the cards and the cigarettes and the televisions and whatever more and kick them out the door. You're going to apply the token. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's what you do next. &gt;&gt; Clean house. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Like Jacob did said, "Wash your clothes and everything. Put away your gods." Joshua did the same thing. Then he said he was getting ready. He was getting ready. That's active. He was getting ready. They were applying the token. They were getting ready before they moved out. Before Joshua moved out, he instructed them what to do. Clean house. &gt;&gt; He said they were getting ready. He puts it in other words. They were applying the token. &gt;&gt; Same language. He said, "Amen. That's it. Get ready. And the reason I'm reading this is because I want you to notice how many times he used apply the token. Applying the token and and and relating it and connecting it with getting ready and doing these other things. He said, "Get ready. Apply it. Believe it. Clean up. Let your children, let your family, let your loved ones see it in you." And that's right. He said, "It'll take effect." &gt;&gt; He didn't say when, but it'll take effect. Let them see it in you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Let them see it by getting say, "Well, I'm getting ready. I'm cleaning things up. I'm making changes in my life." Maybe there's something that, you know, sometimes we make a decision. I'm going to do a certain thing. And then you you start on that direction. You start doing it. And then you start feeling I'm not comfortable with that. I really don't feel comfortable. I go here and you know have this activity and I don't feel comfortable. I've it happens with me quite often. I go to go to a restaurant. I've seen restaurants. The devil's a slicker. You start a restaurant and the waitresses are nicely dressed. They'll come and serve you and the food's so excellent. You think this is a great place. And over a period of short time, you'll see the waitresses and they're almost unclothed and it's a disgrace and I don't feel comfortable. And I say I wouldn't want to bring a minister in here and I certainly wouldn't want to bring the Lord Jesus in here and I certainly wouldn't want to bring brother Brandham here. I'd be terribly embarrassed and I just make a decision. I'm done. &gt;&gt; Let this place go. &gt;&gt; You know it works. I don't know, brother Don. You were here. I'm sure you're one of us. We used to go down here to the Clover Inn when the town was just a little one-horse town, no traffic lights. This place has grown so much, but it actually was that that in the Clover Inn. They had an old Ukrainian lady. Of course, she's Ukrainian. She knew how to cook. and the nicest cinnamon buns. Great big cinnamon buns. I'm not selling them because they're not there anymore, but don't go running down there. And the Briner family and my wife and I, we'd go down there every once in a while and have a breakfast of a on a Saturday morning. And I it was just marvelous the kind of breakfast they'd serve. And then couple young fellas bought it. They bought the place. First thing I noticed the signs, you know, beer and drinks available at the at the table. They never used to do that. And then they turned a big section of it into a like a cocktail lounge in another room, but the the the cocktail girls walking through the restaurant and it was kind of floozy floozy flowing gowns and I I felt uncomfortable. And finally, you know, that just happened two or three times and a bunch of us brothers were in there and we said, "We walk out of this place in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and we shake the dust off our feet and God's against this place." And then three weeks later, it burned to the ground. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, that was just an accident. It was a wonderful accident." I don't care what you want to attribute it to. I attribute it to exactly that we walked out of that place and turned that thing over and we're not going to be there anymore. Is there anything wrong with that? &gt;&gt; No, not at all. And I think that as far as us brothers were concerned, we strengthened one another. So, we don't support this kind of thing. We're out of here. It happened the other day in the car. Said, "Where you going to when are you going to where are you going to take this, brother?" I said, "Well, I'm we've nixed that place and we've nixed that place, so we'll go to another place." My wife says, "Well, I'm glad. Wouldn't want to go there. council a brother in that kind of an atmosphere. Not at all. We're going to another place. You might think it's just small things. Well, you know what? I think it's relatively small thing, too, to have a have a basin full of blood and painting it on the post of the door and over the l of the door. I think that's a pretty small thing, too. There isn't anybody that couldn't do it, but it was a critical thing. It needed to be done. And those children needed to see their dad hear what the prophet said and didn't care whether this has never happened before. We've never done anything like this before. This is very very strange. But it was the thing to do because he said it. And if he said it, what's wrong with doing it? It can be as simple as can be. Say, I never done this before. But if he said it, do it. &gt;&gt; I would sooner do something I didn't understand knowing that it came out of a vindicated mouth. I would sooner do that than sit back and try to figure out my own way. &gt;&gt; Can I have just about five minutes? I'm going to close. Going to close because here we come right back. The reason why I talked about creating an atmosphere because in this long quote in the token, he comes right to it. He said, "Then apply the token in prayer. It's not just I'm the head of this home and you do that and you do this and you do something else. That's not the way it works. &gt;&gt; We apply the token in prayer. We apply the token, he said, in consideration, with believing. Apply it with such love. Such love. Well, I will tell this. There was a incredible move of God where brother Chris Berg, who was a real friend of brother Brandhams, a real friend of his. And brother Chris prayed for five years up in the Arctic because he hearded reindeer and he had to move with the reindeer. And that man was such a man of prayer. And this came from another man. Brother Chris didn't even tell me this. This came from another man. And he told brother Chris being in his tent and all all uh banked up with snow. And brother brother Breta, my brother-in-law and my sister know him real well. In fact is I think my sister gave him his last lunch just before he went out and and died of I think a heart attack. They've known him all, you know, much of their lives. Brother Chris Berg prayed for a revival amongst the Eskimo people, prayed for their salvation, and in five years he never saw one give their life to Christ. One one night he was in he was in prayer in the tent and his tent, you know, right where the little stove, the pipe goes through the canvas, there's supposed to be a metal collar there around the pipe and the metal collar had come off off the canvas and it wasn't there. And the little fire was going in that little we stove and he was in prayer and he was so deep in prayer and I have heard him in prayer. I've seen him in prayer. My wife has seen him in prayer. I've seen that little man get in prayer. And he was so locked in prayer and so lost in God that his tent caught fire and burned down around him. And he wasn't even aware that it had burned down. Can you believe that? His tent and of course canvas just goes like, you know, just goes like well just like that. And that tent burned down. And when he opened his eyes, he was looking at the stars and he thought he'd crossed over. He thought he was on the other side, but I think the 50ree weather probably told him he wasn't. But he never saw anybody get saved. And I had a a man come to our church when we were up in Dawson Creek and he said, "Where's Chris Berg?" I want to say Chris Berg. We had such a move of God and the people started coming and they packed the place out and they came to the altars and they wept and they surrendered their lives to Christ. They were totally transformed people. And he says when they came up off their knees, he says, "Where's Chris Berg? He's the one who told us about this. He told us about this. One of those men who got up had committed adultery with another man's wife. And when he got up from prayer, he knew he had to make that right. He got up and he went to the little shack where the other man lived. And he had got become a Christian as well. And he stood on his front step and knocked on his door and told him, "I committed adultery with your wife." And the man inside threw himself around this man's shoulders and hugged him and said, "You are forgiven. I forgive you." Now, that friends is the kind of love the prophet's talking about. That's the kind of love. That's the kind of love that he's talking about. When you can have something that just wrenches you emotionally and you think it's going to destroy your entire life. Love is stronger than that hurt. Love is stronger than the sin. Love is stronger than anything. He said it's the most powerful force in the world. It doesn't give allowance for those things, but it it's a standard &gt;&gt; by which and and that's what he said. Can you say amen to that? Amen. &gt;&gt; And those two natives right there embraced one another and the one forgave the other. That's love. And he said in closing, he said, "Apply it and create the atmosphere around you that they'll just drop right into it. And if you've got the token, you create a spirit around you of power that when you walk, people know that you're a Christian. They love for you to say something to them. They believe your word. What you say, they hold on to it. Apply the token, then walk with it. Claim your household. You must do it now. This is the evening time. Now, you've been listening a long time and this is a evening time. It's applying time now. The wrath will strike one of these days and it might be too late then. So apply the token with confidence. I thank the Lord for this kind of instruction. Sometimes it's good to even hear something that goes straight over your head. That's too strong for me. That's too that's that's over my head. But what you want to do is be able to say a vindicated voice said it and I know that it's absolutely possible. It's within my realm because I am a believer of it. &gt;&gt; Amen. I want to have you stand and I want to sing 9004 Let the Death Angel Pass. Let's just sing the chorus first, shall we? Please, let's bow our heads. Father, you're the author of this word and you're the one that has vindicated it. You're the one that has confirmed it. And we are thankful for that. I'm so thankful this evening for the leadership that you give us, the direction you show us, and that you'll even say things that within ourselves we think, can I attain that? Can I actually reach that? But there's something there's a spirit witnessing within and telling us that this is our inheritance. It is our inheritance. Lord, I would like to experience myself the degree of love that you have expressed, that you've spoken of, that you've said is a reality. And don't let this congregation sit back and say, "I'll just settle with what I have." Let us move on out, Lord. Let us move into that holy of holies. Let us move into this shikina glory where we can have such communion and fellowship. It's for us, Lord. It's our portion, oh God. And I pray for this service this evening. And the people that are gathered here, whatever they may have, whatever they may be holding in their heart, oh God, in the name of Jesus, I claim that it'll be made correct. I pray that it'll be made right. Deal with every heart, Lord. And may every man, woman, and young person say what I I'm uncomfortable with what I've been allowing. I've been uncomfortable about where I'm going. I'll change my course, Lord. I'm going to honor you. Who'll say, "Amen. I want to do that, God. Grant them. Grant them the courage. Don't let them settle for less. Grant them the courage. Oh God, myself also, Father, I pray that it will be obedient at each turn of the road. Each time we feel an influence from that divine realm, we'll be so willing and ready and quick to answer and a positive answer. In Jesus Christ's name we ask it. Amen. Amen. Let the death angel pass. God's bride safe at last. [Music] in the token he gave that we could be saved. Oh hallelu and glory to God. The blood's been applied. The spirit abides. Let the death angel pass. Oh, we sing it with victory. &gt;&gt; Let the death angel pass in the token he that we could be saved. Oh hallelujah and glory to Godless [Music] his spirit let angel first [Music] and one [Music] to the children. [Music] Ang [Music] strike at the door [Music] God's bright in the heal [Music] and glory to The blood's been alive. [Music] Let the death angel pass. Sweet Holy Spirit is open today. And those who are hungry, [Music] God said would be outside of this. The lost will be found. [Music] living angel [Music] that we could be saved. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. And glory to God. [Music] Let the angel pass. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, glory to God. The blood's been applied. &gt;&gt; His spirit abides. Let the death angel pass. I believe there'll be a time. There certainly will be a time we're going to meet in another place. And all of these words and all of these things are going to have such a depth of meaning to us when we reach the other side. And that's why we're here tonight. Amen. A dismiss in prayer. Blessed Lord Jesus, you certainly have applied a token to us by the Holy Spirit, but we saw a life that was lived. I hold here in my hand what the world calls the Bible. But to us who believe, it's much more than a book. It's the record of one from Genesis to Revelation. It is the revelation of one life, the life of our Lord Jesus Christ. We see you reflected all through the scriptures in the Old Testament and then for a short period, Lord, a very short period, such a short life. But what an impact upon the entire globe ever since. Just a short life, but so powerful. Tonight, Lord, I give you all the glory for the life that you lived and you've left an indelible print upon our lives. You've applied the token to us. And when we read in the scripture, we feel that application coming into our being. &gt;&gt; So changes us and transforms us. You create an atmosphere, Lord. Even though they can say you live 2,000 years ago, it's not 2,000 years ago. Here tonight, here amongst us. I feel that atmosphere of our Lord Jesus Christ. Your spirit creating an atmosphere for us. And in that atmosphere, we want to be like you. It's no wonder that songwriters and poets have given so many words to wanting to be like Jesus Christ. People have tried to attain that we cannot do within ourselves, but you've applied a token and given us the sweet Holy Spirit. And so tonight, Lord, it gives me a sense of peace and joy and happiness to be able to commit the words that have been spoken and this people that have received it. I commit them to you. They're your lovely bride. You have purchased them. You will watch over them. You will keep them. And I pray, Father, until the next appointed time, the season when we gather here once again on the Lord's day, keep keep them through thy truth. Thy word is truth. This was your prayer, Lord Jesus, and it certainly will be fulfilled. Bless your people, I pray. Dismiss us with your grace, I ask in Jesus Christ's name. And we said, amen. So be it. God bless you. Read one another. And I don't know, was there a practice after? All right. God bless you. You're dismissed in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
