################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2007-04-25 - 07-0425 The Altar of Your Heart-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada) - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2007-04-25
Title:    07-0425 The Altar of Your Heart-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada)
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 20m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4apfhANCmg
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Let me sing bless [Music] my way every day with love. [Applause] Build my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly [Music] go with a song and smile. Fill my way every day. One more time as we stand. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly [Applause] smile every day with love. Hallelujah. Has he filled your way every day? &gt;&gt; He touched me. Oh, he touched me. And oh, the joy that my soul, something has happened. And now I know he touched me and made me. Oh, he touched me. He touched me. Oh, he touched me. Did the master reach down and touch you? And the joy that was my soul. I know something has happened. And now I know he touched me and made me whole. For he touched me. He touched me. Oh, he touched me. And the joy that my soul. I know that something happened. &gt;&gt; And now I know he touched me and he made me. &gt;&gt; All hail King Jesus. [Music] All [Applause] [Music] he [Music] star and eternity [Music] I'm going to praise And forever more I shall with him. &gt;&gt; Oh hail king Jesus. Hail king Jesus. All &gt;&gt; he's the king of kings. &gt;&gt; Oh you're the lord. bright morning star [Music] and throughout et I'm going to praise him and forever. Why don't we just close our eyes and lift our hands as we sing it again. [Music] [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; You are our king tonight. You are the bright morning star. [Music] throughout eternity. I'm going to praise him and forever more I will reign with him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, we worship you our king, our lord of lords. We glorify. We magnify your name this evening. Hallelujah. As a people of one heart and one mind and one accord gathered in this little room, we want to worship you tonight. Oh God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; May you be glorified tonight, oh father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus for your mercy and grace. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Hallelu. You are worthy father. Hallelujah. I trust you love him tonight with all of your heart. Ask brother Tony Abma. It's good to have you back with us. Brother Tony if you'd come and lead us in prayer this evening. want to remember a prayer request. Uh we've got several prayer cloths up here to pray over and one that specifically a lady had written in and asked if we would pray over this prayer cloth this evening. We trust that each of you that have a desire and need on your heart tonight can reach out and touch the hem of the garment of the master as he's in our presence this evening. &gt;&gt; Amen. And we want to remember in prayer brother Gordon in Bishop Falls, Newfoundland. Bring you greetings from the saints in New Brunswick and also in Bishop Falls and also St. John's Newfoundland. Our brother Gordon, he's plagued with a kidney stone. He really needs a deliverance. So we want to join our hearts together. Raise your hand in faith to the Lord tonight as well. Oh, Father, how wonderful it is to be in your presence once again. The place where we originated from. The place where we came from, that we're feeling the pull back to once again. Oh, this is a little bit like heaven for us down here in this this evil world in which we live in this weary land that we are just sojouring through. Lord Jesus, how we live for these times to come into the house of God. how we live for these times to open our mouths and praise your name, Father, to give you glory, to give you honor, to give you praise, Lord, for the eyes to have seen who who we are and where we are in time in these last days. Oh, your mercies are new every morning. Oh, you're faithful. Morning by morning, we see, oh God, your grace extended to us and how you've kept us safe today and how you've kept us from temptation and how you've brought us to the house of God again to Lord hear words of life, words that elevate us into heavenly places as we hear our place in Christ. Oh, Father, we're honored to be in your presence. We pray that you're pleased to dwell in the praises of your people as well. Oh, Father, we're here tonight. Uh, Lord Jesus, remember different ones that are in need. You you see the hands. You see by faith, Lord, the people who who are raising, reaching out to you for an a moment of need as we also remember our sister who sent in this prayer request and the prayer closet are here and our brother Gordon in Newfoundland, Lord, with this kidney stone. Just Lord Jesus, break that thing up and dissolve it in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh Lord Jesus, many other needs here as well from around the world that we could hold up before you, Lord. But you know them all, even before we would ask or think. And so, Father, we're confident that you who have begun a good work will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ. Lord, be with Brother Tom and Sister Joanne. Is there a way? Refresh them and strengthen them, we pray. And Lord, for the word tonight as brother Ed would come and Lord unbburden his heart with the word that you gave to him. Lord allow him to have strength and clarity of thought and Lord let the man step aside that you might speak through him to us. Lord we need your word. It is the bread of life upon which we live as we ask all these mercies now in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. As you have your seats this evening, we do have two announcements we need to make you aware of. Our sister Elizabeth Neighbor has a special for us, so if she'd come this evening and get ready. Uh the Bible Waych Christian Academy wants to invite all those that would like to attend. They're hosting a science fair tomorrow evening at 7 PM in the fellowship hall. That'll be Thursday, April 26th. Everyone is welcome and uh want to celebrate all the work that the students at BCA have been able to accomplish thus far this year. And we have an announcement for the young people that there will be a young people's meeting this Friday night, April 27th at 7:30 p.m. here at the church with brother John Andes. So, God bless you to each one of you this evening. [Music] The sands have been washed in the footprint of the stranger on Galile. [Music] And the voice that the below will be hurting Judea. But the path of that long Galilee [Music] when I get to the end of the And the road will see nothing when I get to the end of the [Music] hills to climb upward. I am often longing for rest. But he who appoints me my pathway knows just what is best. I know in his word he has promised my strength it will be as my day and the road will see when I get to the end of my way. [Music] Yes. see nothing when I get to the end of the way. He loves me too well to forsake me or give me one trial too much. All his people have been dearly purchased and Satan can never claim such by and by I shall see him and praise him in the city of unending And the road will see when I get to the end of the way. Yes. The toils of the road, they will sing. When I get to the end of the way, when the last earthly step has been taken and the gates of that city appear, and the beautiful songs of the angels flow out on my listening ear. When all that seems so mysterious will be bright and as clear as the day. And the toys of the road will see nothing when we get to the end of the way. Yes, the road they will see nothing when we get to the end of the way. Amen. God bless you, Sister Elizabeth. We appreciate that. Why don't we stand just as we invite our pastor to come bring the word this evening? We'll sing 938 on the screen. Let's sing the chorus. High and lifted up. [Music] High and lifted up in all his glory. High and lifted up in roses of wine. For he's coming back to rule and reign forever. Oh, high and lifted up is Jesus Christ. High lifted up in all his glory. [Music] High lifted up to rule and reign forever. He's high lifted up is Jesus Christ. High lifted up in all his glory. We are his glory tonight. High lied up in the ros of He's coming back to rule and reign forever. Ever highly lifted up is Jesus Christ. Oh, high and lifted up in all his glory. High and lifted up in ros. He's coming back to rule and reign forever. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. That's what we're here for this evening. &gt;&gt; Lift him up. &gt;&gt; I wonder if we could sing All That I Am, All That I Have, All That I Can Ever Be. I'd like to just sing this as a prayer before we come to the word this evening. So nice to see you all here. I believe the the Lord is pleased with that. Amen. We have almost almost every day we have testimonies wonderful testimonies be it would be nice if we could share them with you by name but it's not possible because you know the broadcast goes out the service goes out but I received a lovely email from a pastor today in one of the republics of the former Soviet Union and we met we met in Norway for the first time this last spring in July it was I'm sorry and this brother had a very very grave situation. And it had it there was a death in the family and uh in fact as he had lost his wife and I was speaking to him through an interpreter after towards the end of one of the last services. And uh there was another situation that was similar to his that I remembered many years ago, a lot of years ago. And it seemed like it was so impossible. And this this brother years ago just at the at the dinner table before we prayed, he unburdened his heart and uh he said, "Would you pray for me?" And we prayed just a simple prayer over the food and remembered his request. I saw him a year ago, a year ago, Easter, and he told me, he said, "God answered that prayer in three months." And I've been waiting for years, and it was answered in three months. And I told this brother that testimony. And he said in an email today through a translator, he said, "When you told me that testimony, it just stuck in my heart." He says, "And in three months, my prayer was answered." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, we thank God. Isn't that wonderful? Isn't that wonderful? Hallelujah. Our God's a wonderful God. Amen. And he's conscious of us right here this evening. Amen. All that I am. All that I have. All that I am, all I shall never [Music] [Applause] [Music] surrender Heavenly Fathers, we have sung these words. We believe that you inspired someone to write them, to pen them, to say from their heart, "All that I have and all that I am, I give to you now." I pray father that the service this evening will not be one of words not only reading of the scripture but may the author of the word come and do for us in this service what needs to be done. Lord Jesus be the glorified one. Be the honored one. And before the people leave this sanctuary and those that are streaming, oh God, of the invisible audience, invisible to us, but not invisible to you, I pray that before they lay their head upon a pillow this evening, that there will be something, oh God, that they can lift up their voice and say, "Thanks be to God. I prayed. I asked, and I you heard me, and I know it's done. Bless us together as we read your word. Anoint the people. anoint myself, oh father, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Take your Bibles if you would please, and turn to First Kings, book of First Kings, the 18th chapter. And we're going to begin reading at verse 25 to give us a little bit of a background. And Elijah said unto the prophets of Baal, "Choose you one bulock for yourselves, and dress it first, for you are many, and call on the name of your gods, but put no fire under." And they took the bulock which was given them, and they dressed it, and called on the name of Baal from morning, even until noon. saying, "Oh Baal, hear us." But there was no voice, nor any that answered. And they leaped upon the altar which was made. And it came to pass at noon that Elijah mocked them, and said, "Cry aloud, for he is a God, either he is talking, or he is pursuing, or he is in a journey, or pre-adventure, he sleepeth, and must be awake." And they cried aloud and cut themselves after their manner with knives and lancets till the blood gushed out upon them. And it came to pass when midday was passed that they prophesied until the time of the offering of the evening sacrifice that there was neither voice nor any to answer nor any that regarded. And Elijah said unto all the people, "Come near unto me." And all the people came near unto him. And he repaired the altar of the Lord that was broken down. And Elijah took the 12 took 12 stones according to the number of the tribes of the sons of Jacob. Unto whom the word of the Lord came, saying, Israel shall be thy name. And with the stones he built an altar in the name of the Lord. And he made a trench about the altar as great as would contain two measures of seed. And he put the wood in order and cut the bulock in pieces and laid him on the wood and and said, "Fill four barrels with water and pour it on the burnt sacrifice and on the wood." And he said, "Do it the second time." And they did it the second time. And he said, "Do it the third time." And he did it and they did it the third time. And the water ran about around about the altar, and he filled the trench also with water. And it came to pass at the time of the evening of the offering of the evening sacrifice that Elijah the prophet came near and said, Lord God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel. Let it be known this day that thou art God in Israel, and that I have that I am thy servant, and that I have done all these things at thy word. Hear me, oh Lord. hear me that this people may know that thou art the Lord God and that thou hast turned their heart back again. And then the fire of the Lord fell and consumed the burnt sacrifice and the wood and the stones and the dust and licked up the water that was in the trench. And when all the people saw it, they fell on their faces and they said, "The Lord, he is the God. The Lord he is the God. Amen. You may be seated. I will not keep you long but I will uh if we don't finish this evening then we will just uh continue on Sunday. I want to uh I want to in incorporate perhaps some of the things from last Sunday the marred sacrifi the marred masterpiece but I want to speak on the altar of your heart uh this evening the altar of your heart uh in the message handwriting on the wall brother Brandham simply said your heart is God's altar in Jehovah Gyrus series he said your heart is the altar just pull back all the unbelief and know that he is here now. So your heart is a altar is the altar. So everyone here I was conscious as I was getting ready for this service in the last few days and I thought I will be speaking to a group of people and one thing will be certain every person that I'm speaking to has an altar. Everyone has an altar. And I must say I also wrestled with the subject a wee bit because sometimes they get so immense and I've mentioned that to you previously. They get so uh you know the subject becomes so large it's hard to define it really clearly and we want to be able to do it. It's a real real challenge to try and get some of these things down into an hour or even two hours as it was on Sunday. So now altars, I I I have to just take you the way that God deals with me. And I always like to see how something originated. You know what? Because I know that if it's in the word, then it had to be in the mind of God. &gt;&gt; And I like to see how it was initiated. How did it start? And we did that when we we went through the anointing. And we went to the very first instance of the anointing and saw how it progressed uh all the way through from having oil poured on a stone that Jacob had his head laid upon until the people in the in the New Testament have the anointing from within something poured out transferred to them. And I don't know uh what it's meant to you but to me those thoughts remain fixed in my mind and in my heart in my soul. It becomes a part of my spiritual life. it part of my spiritual structure and that's what the word is to do. So we want to come here prepared not only not to hear just a message on a Wednesday evening or on a Sunday service but that we receive something in it is permanently lodged in our heart permanently and something that lifts us up something that takes us further something that strengthens us edifies us and makes us more prepared for the oncoming days and the rapture. Amen. And so as I look back into the uh scriptures to see uh where altars were first uh initiated in the scripture uh first quite often as it is in this case there's quite a difference of of the meaning even of the words and quite frankly I believe that God knew that we were going to have a Bible that is as translated from the Hebrew in the Old Testament and from the Greek in the New Testament and then you'll find a Hebrew word and it will have one connotation. It will have a a different flavor, a different and and when you really look at it, you find that that was very specifically ordained of God because that really pertained to the Jewish mind, the Hebrew mind, I will say it was the way they saw things. It they had to see it that way because that was the life that they were living. And then when you come over to the New Testament and the New Testament now you we take and we read the Old Testament we spiritualize everything. And of course the Jewish people today even today and back then they didn't they didn't spiritualize things at all. Everything was what it was. A tree was a tree. A stone was a stone. You know the lineage was the lineage. It wasn't they didn't have a new birth concept. They didn't have uh you know a spiritual lineage. and and God was the great creator and and Elohim and and so on and Jehovah the Lord the Lord God and so they had they just see things from a very very factual standpoint and you'll find in the Hebrew language uh the way it's written in the Bible that often very often that's exactly how the meaning of that word comes and and it it tends towards the way that they believed and the way they saw things and now for example temple the heart in the Hebrew because the altar of your heart. So the heart in the Hebrew had reference to the inner man, the mind, your will, your understanding. I don't want to go over these very quickly because I want you to ponder them. Your mind, your will, your understanding, your knowledge, your thinking, your reflection, what you ponder, things you your memory, things that are in your memory bank, your resolution, when you determine something, you think something over, and then you make a decision, then you resolve. That's the way I'm going to go. That's what I'm going to do. That was all in the Hebrew understanding of your heart. The determination of the will and your conscience. It also referred to the place your heart to the Hebrews was a place of your moral character and the seat of your appetites, the things that you crave from within, the seat of your emotions and your passions and also the place of your courage. If you took all of those and sat and you really need to maybe if you hear this service again you can jot those down because that was now the Hebrew understanding and their concept of what the heart was. Then when you come over to the Greek and you'll find many of the Greek words. This is not a a lesson now because I'm not a teacher as such. But when you come over to the Greek, you find that many of their words, our English words have come from and the heart is cardio where we have cardiac arrest and so on. So that's where our our word comes from. But now to the Greeks, they they have it combined because they also include it as the as the circulatory part of our circulatory system. our heart that pumps our our blood and it's part of that system and hence it is regarded as the seat of physical life as far as the Greeks are concerned and we have the same understanding. We know that our our heart has that aspect but also it is more than the center of the physical but in the Greek it was also the center of the spiritual the spiritual life. It is the seat of uh the actually the seat of your uh uh not only your spiritual life but the the vigor of your spiritual life, the energy of your spiritual life. And now this I want to just read it for you. The center and seat of spiritual life, the soul or mind. We know that the heart is not the soul per se because brother Brennham tells us exactly that the soul there's only one channel to the soul and that soul that channel is you either believe or you disbelieve and that channel but they they they believed it was the seed of spiritual life the soul or the mind and as it is the fountain and seat of thoughts. Now they come to the same line of of the Hebrew, the the thoughts and the passions, the desires, the appetites, the affections, your purposes, your endeavors, the understanding and the faculty and the seat of your intelligence, of the will and your character of the soul so far as it is affected and stirred in a way that is good or a a way that is good or the soul is the seat of its sensibilities, affections, emotions, desires, appetites, and passions. It repeats it again because sometimes the word comes from two two different words. So I said all of that and brother Brandham said and I give you the quote a little later on said that science had recently discovered that there was a place in the heart because the Bible says as a man thinkketh in his heart so is he. Now it isn't just that perhaps you've run into people who uh ridicule that but I did in my short lifetime I I've I've had you know discussion of other people says well the heart a person doesn't think with their heart they think with their head but then uh science had said and brother Brandham made reference to the article to the report that there was a that there was even a place within the heart that they said there was no cells or something. He said that it was it was a a place that they couldn't grasp. They couldn't understand. But the Bible nevertheless, whether they found out or whether science discovered it or whether somebody in Chicago reported it or or who whoever said anything about it, this word says, "As a man thinkketh in his heart, so is he." So there's a region, there's a realm, and and the Hebrews struggle to get a word for it, and the Greeks struggle to get a word for it, and we struggle to understand it, to comprehend it. But we don't have to struggle. All we have to do is just simply take it. As a man thinkketh in his heart, so is he. Then a prophet says that your heart is God's altar. the first altar that was ever constructed. And I always think as I said when I go back and see where the initial event took place, I ask and we need to ask as it was in this case and Noah builded an altar. He just came out of the ark into the new world as it were and he builded an altar unto the Lord and he took every clean beast and every clean fowl and offered burnt offerings. You know, I would say that Noah expressed in this act a great deal of confidence that those animals, remember, he only had seven of the clean. &gt;&gt; And he's only coming out with a handful of creatures into the whole earth. And the first thing he does is offer some as a sacrifice to God. But he built an altar. He built an altar. whatever came over him to build an altar. Where did he get the idea? Where did it ever come from? I'm going to build an altar and I'm going to burn something on this altar and I'm going to offer it to God who just destroyed the world. &gt;&gt; I don't expect you to understand that. But the next verse said, "And the Lord smelled the sweet savor. And the Lord said in his heart, I will not again curse the ground anymore for man's sake. For the imagination of man's heart is evil from his youth. Neither will I again smite anymore every living thing as I have done. Here's a man, one of eight souls left on the earth. Got seven of each clean animal, only two of the unclean. and he comes out into this newly renovated earth as it were and he takes those animals and he builds an altar, takes and sacrifices some animals and God, the Bible says God smelled that sacrifice and it was pleasant to him and God said, I tell you friends, man to think that this great creator of heavens and earth could allow a person to do a simple act and that God would focus all of his attention on that on that simple thing that's happening. He might be doing that right now &gt;&gt; as simple as you driving to service tonight. What was the purpose that you came and what was your desire? What why are you here? God sees all of that. And I believe I trust believe with all my heart that something is pleasant to him. That something is a sweet smelling incense to him. If we believe it's beyond us, it'll never happen. But when Noah came out, he didn't he didn't just say, "I'm going to do this and I hope the smoke ascends and I hope it I hope I hope I hope it does something." He he built that altar unto the Lord. &gt;&gt; This is to you. I'm doing this for you. I'm doing it unto the Lord and I'm going to make a sacrifice here unto him. And the Bible says, "While the earth remainth," God speaking, "Seed time and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease." God said that when when Noah had made his sacrifice. So now the initial and this is where our first thought comes from the initial the initial concept or the initial act of building an altar and making a sacrifice that gave the name to the altar. It was the place of slaughter. Slaughter of course is death and the place of sacrifice. That's what it is. An altar is a place of sacrifice. The Hebrews understood it as a place where something dies. And you got an altar. And there may be some things even tonight in your heart that really needs to die. And there may be some other things that need to be offered to God. Say, I hold that. I've held that on my heart. It's been such a treasure and I've just held that on my heart. Sometimes there's a there can be a an adversity, a way to I'm going to not get get ahead of myself. Sometimes there can be some disappointment and we hold it some bitterness and we hold it some this, some that, some hurt, something else. And you need to let that thing die &gt;&gt; tonight. I don't want to just preach. I want God by the Holy Spirit to come into this congregation and do it. &gt;&gt; Just the same as if you were sick, I'd want to see you healed. I pray that you will be healed. I'll say the same thing the prophet said. If I was God, I'd heal you. If I was God, I would light the fire to the sacrifice tonight and set you free and let you walk out of these doors a transformed person. And there isn't a person. I don't think there's a person in here including myself. I just I'm we're brothers and sisters together. But what there is something I I I tried to ponder tried to meditate how we could how I could be concise enough about our heart and describe our heart and what is on our heart and and I found myself floundering but I'll do my best to move through that. But now at least I have you in the channel in the channel of my thoughts. So it is initially it's a place of slaughter and a place of sacrifice for the believer. A place of sacrifice I believe is more appropriate for us as believers because the slaying of an animal is most often an offering to God. Abraham built an altar unto the Lord upon receiving a promise. I think this is the second occurrence, the second time it is mentioned. And the Bible says in Genesis 12:7 it says, "And the Lord appeared unto him." Now the Lord is initiating this. The Lord appeared unto him, unto Abram, and said unto thy seed will I give this land, and there builded he an altar unto the Lord who appeared unto him. Now he builded an altar because now he's been given a promise. Something just how how did that promise come? How was that voice to him? I don't know. That's really irrelevant. But it's how how he received it. And that altar was evidence of his faith that I have heard from God. He didn't build the altar because he imagined something. &gt;&gt; He didn't build an altar because he thought he thought of something or he conjured something out of his mind. He built an altar because he said, "God appeared to me and I'm going to build something physical here on earth to testify that God spoke to me. God gave me a promise." And furthermore, even a man has no children says, "This land belongs to me and to my seed, God came. God told me, and I'm going to make a sacrifice right here. I'm going to build an altar and worship God right here that appeared to him." Building an altar, an offering is we offer something of value. You don't put something on this altar. I'm talking about altar of your heart and say like people at Lent, Brother Bam talks about Lent. Different churches keep Lent. And so for Lent, they say, "Well, you know, people who smoke, I won't smoke during Lent." Oh, big deal. You know, I won't, you know, I won't eat my desserts during Lent. I'm going to sacrifice. I don't think I don't think that sacrifice got the 30 foot up to the ceiling quite frankly. You know, you might say, well, the people are sincere. It's not not a matter of sincerity. It's a matter of what what initiated what caused that sacrifice. I I really believe you might say, "Well, brother, brother Ed, you said already tonight that we could, you know, perhaps this evening that God would it depends on just how sincere, not only how sincere, but if we do it as a result of the ministry of the word, then you can say, "God spoke to me. &gt;&gt; God spoke to me. He initiated this." Brother, brother Ed doesn't know what's in my heart, but God spoke to him. God caused him to read a certain scripture, to say a certain phrase. And I don't receive it from a man just at the pulpit. I receive it from God. &gt;&gt; Can you do that? &gt;&gt; Amen. So, we offer something that is of of value. And so I might say because I wanted to ask a question this evening. We have an altar. I think you accept that. I'd like to just ask what is on your altar? What do we have on our heart? And I'm sure that uh you're probably going to go through the same exercise that I went through. And I hope that you'll go home with it. say, "Yeah, what is what is on my heart?" How do you define it? Is it something I'm thinking about or is it is it something I feel or is it what what is it that's on my heart really? What is it? Well, if I can help you a wee bit, I would say something that's on your heart is is something that's persistently and almost constantly there. It is something that is there It is something that you don't have to uh try to bring it there. You know, if if you've been hurt, let's let me just take the negative side. Let's say that a person's been really hurt, really disappointed, really wounded. Something very very unhappy came your way and you are hurt. You're very hurt. You're so hurt you don't want to really talk to anybody about it. You're so hurt, you don't want to you don't want to go over and visit. You don't want to fellowship. You don't want to really talk to anybody. You just kind of you're you're real hurt. You're wounded. You're hurt. Now, you don't have to think about that. You don't have to think that you're hurt. You don't have to try to, you know, you don't have to try to make it up. It's just there. And it's there when you're eating your breakfast. And it's there when you're in your car. And it's there when you lay your head upon the pillow at night. And maybe when you wake up in the middle of the night, it's there. And maybe you can't sleep because it's there. That's on your heart. &gt;&gt; That's something that's on your heart. That's what I'm talking about. Maybe God starts dealing with a person. I'll come in a positive way. God starts dealing with a person and you're in a service and something is said, something happens. A song is sung. You just feel a different presence around you and you go out. you got to go to work and that is there. It's just there and it's there when you're eating your dinner and it's there it's there when you're visiting and you can be in a room full of people but you're you're kind of in a place by yourself. You're in a you're in a place that's that's you're shut away inwardly. You're shut away. I'd say that God is dealing with your heart that's on your heart. last Sunday uh I was speaking and and I'll just bring your memory back and uh we talked uh talked about how Israel had gone into such a decline and they were offering they became idolattors and Gerobam who was the son of Solomon's servant and Riaboam was Solomon's son and uh prophet Aia came and tore a new garment his new garment and gave 10 pieces to Jeroboam and says you're going to have 10 tribes and God is dividing he's rending the kingdom from David but nevertheless for David's sake he's going to leave one tribe to Riaboam and Jerusalem and he will be in Jerusalem and have Riaboam and Riabom rather will have Jerusalem and Judah as as one tribe and then uh and I'm just going over this briefly going to spend about one two minutes on it only and Gerobam and he said it's going to be too too troublesome and if the people go there and worship in Jerusalem they their hearts might be won back to Riabom and then their allegiance will be won over so I will make it I'll make it comfortable for them so I'll have a golden calf in in Bethl and one in Dan man and just tell the people here these are your gods you worship here. And so uh as time went on uh Jerobom himself is standing at the altar of sacrifice. So they never got away from the religious acts. They kept their religious acts up. They've got an altar. They're burning sacrifices and so on. They're going through all of the motions. And incidentally, that fits perfectly to denomination. That is denominationalism. Denominationalism is idolatry because it's left off the headship of God. And so, he's got he he's standing right there by the altar when Aaya comes by and Aaya prophesies and he cries out and he prophesies against the altar. against the altar and and uh I I won't bother going into it because I don't want to take the time with it. But oh altar, oh altar, aas sang and he prophesies against it. He says because on you the bones of the prophets who who offered these sacrifices are going to the bones are going to be burnt on you. And Jeroboam stretches out his hand like that and it it it freezes it. It it it becomes stone dead. And then he calls on Jerobom to calls on I'm sorry on Aia to pray and his hand is restored to normal again. But now Israel had sunk to such a degraded place that they were uh they were offering on those altars uh idolatrous sacrifices. But the strange thing is that uh the prophet had spoken to Aaya. I mean the prophet Acha had spoken to to Jeroboam and told him told him that the reason why God was rending the kingdom was because they had gone into such idolatry and were worshiping all these various gods and he named them all off. And then Jerobom goes right back and falls right back into it. A prophet comes in this generation and he says he says to the people he says to Pentecost he goes back and he says here Luther came out of that harlot church and have a great move of God and the people don't stay with the move of God they go right back into that denominational idolatry and then Wesley comes out and there's a great move of God and the people go right back into it and Pentecost come right out and that's where he cried out because he was a messenger to that church age and he said your fathers came to this land to run away from that thing and you've run right back into it and if you want to read Frank Bartleman who was a journalist whose picture is with with Daddy Seymour in the Isuza Street book if you read Isuza Street and and and uh John G Lake is there brother FF F. Bosworth is there. Uh, Daddy Seymour is there in that picture. And some of the first fathers of Pentecost are there. And here Bosworth traveling with brother Brandham and declaring to the people, God has raised up unto us a prophet. And he stayed with that message right to his dying days up way up in his senior 80 in his 80s when he passed away. Brother Brandham told me when he heard that brother Bosworth was passing away, he he went and went down to Florida as fast as he could and came to his bedside and he said, "I went and threw myself on him and and he said, "Oh my God, my God, the horses of and the chariots and the horses thereof, you know, the same thing that was said, I believe, by Elisha when Elijah was taken." and uh and here these here these men are but he's crying out says you came out of that your fathers came out of it and now you're taking it right back in. What was he doing? He was crying against the idolatry that was coming back and they were trying to make a you know to make everything a system everything to make it a system a denominational system. So uh and so Jesus made reference to Jesus made reference to uh Solomon and he said and yet I say unto you speaking to the people at that time. Now here's Jesus speaking that even Solomon in all his glory was not a raid like one of these speaking of the liies of the field. Solomon in all of his glory. I just want I'm not talking about the liies now. I'm talking about Solomon. Jesus of all of the people that he could have spoken of said Solomon in all of his glory. I just want you to think of that for a moment. And brother Brandham refers to Solomon's age and he refers to the glory of Solomon's age. The reason why I'm saying that is because I'm referring to the altar. how they could go from the glory of Solomon, from the glory of the temple, and sink down to idolatry. You know, people think, "Oh, I'd never do that." You know, we're right in the middle of this great move of God and all the rest of it, but a person has to have a real Holy Ghost guard upon their heart, upon their altar. He says, "And Solomon's age was the millennium for the Jews. It was the golden age for the Jewish people." Solomon was a four type of Christ in that he built the temple and so forth. And then in the message greater than Solomon he said now we find out he comes down then after speaking of Jonah and he comes to Solomon's age. And now we all know that Solomon's age was a millennium. A millennium almost of the Old Testament. It was the greatest time of all Israel ever had was under the reign of Solomon. No wars to speak of. And they had a great time. God gave Solomon which was the son of David. Says gave him a gift. I want you to hold this and watch it very closely. Gave him a gift of discernment. And now he could discern the thoughts in the people's heart. Now he wasn't a prophet. He was a king. Now I want you just take a quantum leap. I think you are thinking. I want you I'm just going slowly purposefully. The scripture that brother Brandham used because he was a prophet. He was not a gift of discernment. In fact is so many of the people even men that I know and I've heard them say it as a gift of discernment. And that's where they went off track because they said, "Oh, you know, because of his gift of discernment and because of the gift of healing, brother Brandham had a great ministry." There's none greater than that. All these others kind of came out from it. But when he went to teaching the word, when he went to teaching, he went off. And that's a little favorite phrase. He went off at the end. Isn't that amazing? of the last of his last 30 services, I think the last 30 services, 28 of them were preached for the Pentecostal people. And I say to them when I'm talking to them, is that right? Ain't that amazing? You people had somebody who was off preaching for you. Isn't that incredible? Is that all the discernment you had? You had somebody who was way off, all false, preaching for you the last 28 of his last 30 services. Ah, a big excuse. Just a nice little phrase that they try to get away from because it wasn't a gift of discernment at all. It was actually the word coming right out of a prophet's mouth. And because the scripture says, and he always went back to the scripture for the word of God, the word of God, the word of God, not the gift of discernment, not the gift of wisdom or the gift of knowledge. The word of God is is is quicker is more powerful than a two-edged sword. It's quicker. It's a two-edged sword. And it's a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. It's the word that's a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. And that is why a gift of discernment, you can't stand in front of the people, line them all up, and use a gift of discernment one after the other, one after the other, or call them all out. That's not a gift of discernment. &gt;&gt; That's a prophetic ministry. And so now Jesus is saying a greater he talks about uh Solomon having a gift of discernment but even after that gift of discernment had been there and the queen of Sheba comes and here's uh everything is is told to her but after Solomon's death not long after his death the nation of Israel now is divided as I spoke to a moment ago it's tore in two 10 tribes go one way one goes to uh uh the tribe of Judah goes to Riabom and Jerobom takes the whole nation into idolatry. And when Akea spoken, he said be he, this is what he said, because they have forsaken me. That was the first thing. Because they have forsaken me and have worshiped Ashroth, the goddess of the Zidians, and Shemosh, the god of the Moabites, and Milcom, this the god of the am the god of Ammon, and have not walked in his ways. That is why God did what he did. And then notice now I've just I took the Bible. It says within a a very few years, approximately nine years, Jerobom had 10 tribes. He had the 10 tribes for a for approximately nine years. And within that nine years from the time of being given 10 glorious tribes out of this nation, he takes them into such steeped idolatry in the message. God who is rich in mercy. Brother Brandham says this. He said, 'Look how they did. Now they got denominational wild. He said, running out to make them each a creed and so forth. They just come, they just become another idol like a brass serpent. And I made reference that the brass serpent which at one time gave life to them and then they made an idol out of the brass serpent and it had to be destroyed. It became he makes reference to it. It became an idolatry. every fellow said. Now I take this very very seriously and I don't want to point a finger elsewhere but I'll come right into the land of the message itself. He said it became an idolatry. Every fellow said I belong to this and I belong to that. And when I hear that in the message, well, I'm following him. No, I'm following him. No, we believe this way. No, we believe that way. We don't need to point a finger anywhere but right here at home. &gt;&gt; When we start, you know, constructing uh uh even within the message, and that's why I say to believers here, don't don't ever become a part of that. If God takes me off the scene, protect your altar against that kind of thing that you hold in your altar. Oh, I'm after this brother. No, I'm following this brother or I'm following this. I'm following that. We ought to follow one who is the word and the word alone and that's none other than the Lord Jesus Christ. I tell you, I get into I get into cities and I go and have a meeting or go into a place, go into a state and have a meeting and the first meeting generally is just marvelous and all the people are there. Then maybe the second time or the third time then I find out, you know, oh well uh you know we'd like to come but uh we we you know and and they don't see it just eye to eye. Who says we got to see eye to eye? I had the brothers in Cape Town, Cape Town, South Africa. You might think that uh uh I don't know what would be a compliment to you, but a compliment to me is this and it just made me feel so wonderful. They said, "Brother Biscll, we have about eight different churches and groups of the message in this area. might have been after this kind of doctrine, one out of that. And people are sincere. They're sincere. They really believe they got something. They they're excited about it. They're enthused about it and all the rest of it. But to me, all the enthusiasm and all the incitement and all the revelation and whatever else that person claims to have, if they got to divide and be separate and said, you know, we have nothing to do with you, then I think all the revelation is very &gt;&gt; is worthless. They said when when you come every every time you come to Cape Town, South Africa, every group gathers. &gt;&gt; To me, I'm just sharing with you. To me, that was one of the greatest compliments I've ever been handed in South Africa. Every time you come, all the groups gather and I'm really happy over that. I'm really thankful about that. And now of course if someone wants to just go with listen if someone goes in all kinds of false doctrine so on we don't have to follow it we don't have to you just just stay right with the word if others separate from you that's up to them but I mean the thing is for us you know protect our altar &gt;&gt; I hope you got that &gt;&gt; then he goes on in God who is rich in mercy. Again, he said that's just the same thing I think that's happened to our church ages. God has sent us the message of Martin Luther. That's what I referred to a moment ago. God has sent us the message of Martin Luther with his message, John Wesley and the and the Pentecostal message. But what did we do with it? The very same thing that they did with that brass serpent. We idolized it. I belong to this and I belong to that. Notice he says exactly the same words. I belong to this and I belong to that. I think it's sufficient. He says what we need on the scene today is a prophet that will destroy the idol of denominations. &gt;&gt; Now he said this also and I know that perhaps you're thinking of it. When the third pull ministry came, he said they'll never denominate this &gt;&gt; because you cannot denominate Christ. &gt;&gt; You cannot denominate maybe every denomination in the world maybe holds this Bible, but you cannot denominate this word. &gt;&gt; You can't denominate it. You can maybe interpret it this way or interpret it that way or or lean whichever direction a person wants to lean. You may say well you know why am I going into this because I think I think it's very essential but the prophet said you cannot denominate the third pull the opening of the word the message it cannot be denominated and quite frankly when the message came uh I I wouldn't even hazard a guess here of how many denominations are represented right here in this little group of people. How many denominations? Because the message, the messenger, the message and Christ who is Christ the word destroyed what had been idolized &gt;&gt; and we held it in our heart and you you you can say now that was the thing we held it in our heart. We had a certain belief, a certain belief and now we had that belief on our heart and we held that and only the message only the word of God can destroy that and cut that down and take that brass serpent whatever it was something that was it was something that was genuine. It was something that was good. God did use it at one time but then the people idolized the thing. had became an idol in that they denominated on it and that was on the altar of their heart and God had to destroy it. Now in the midst the reason I read uh the reason I read uh first kings and about Elijah today because this happens to be also in the midst of Israel's decline and it came to one of their lowest spots because Ahab was probably their most wicked king married Jezebel and brought the brought brought the nation of Israel down very very low and we have received this is not figurative speech now but we have received and I know that you agree uh the same spirit of Elijah not Elijah the Tishbite and to you young people that are here it's not just brother Ed up here speaking on this Wednesday evening but the same the same spirit the very same spirit spirit. And when I say the same spirit, I would expect if it was the same spirit that came and delivered something to you and I today that there would be some resemblance, there would be some similarities. And there is. And I want you to get those. in the midst of such a decline. And quite frankly, I must think that Leodysia is much worse than Israel was when Ahab came on the scene. I think that Leodysia is much worse because Jesus referred to this time and he said that it'll be so deceptive that even the elect would be deceived if it were possible. if it were possible. You know, that's a very fine line. A very fine line. And if you and I, you have the assurance in your heart that you've been delivered from this desperately, desperately deceived age. You have something to be very, very thankful of tonight. &gt;&gt; Very thankful. But in the midst of this terrible condition that he was in, and I want to say we're in a worse condition, this is what happened. And we read the scripture. The first thing, and I'm I'm looking at the 29th verse. Now, 30th verse, I'm sorry. And Elijah said unto all the people, "Come near unto me." And all the people came near unto him. And he repaired the altar of the Lord that was broken down. Now, I could preach, but I don't want to preach. I just want to I want to I want you to keep your attention, and I just want to keep your uh uh keep talking to you like this for this evening. I do not believe that Elijah was able one man's voice to say to all those thousands and thousands of people and that they would hear him come near unto me. I don't believe they heard that. I don't believe they said now when Elijah's spirit came back today. I happened to go to a meeting. My father always would come to spiritual meetings when everything spiritual was coming on. I'd gone to church since I was a little fellow. So now I come to church and it's in a it's in a a big arena. So we we go to the arena, but we're going in the afternoon. The meeting's not till 7:00. We're going in the afternoon. My parents know something that I don't know. And we come to the arena. I remember like it was yesterday. And here's a people lined up, three, four, maybe five, six, wide, stringing down like this. I thought, what kind of service? What kind of what kind of meeting is this? Who's this? Who's here? Do you know what it was? It was the same spirit saying to the people, "Come near &gt;&gt; unto me." &gt;&gt; And caused the people to come. There was it wasn't his charisma &gt;&gt; even in fact it would be humility but there was just something there was a presence there was something unusual there was a uh you know words that you hadn't heard phrases that you hadn't heard the angel the angel is here or I won't I can't do anything till he's here and then to say he's here now all these things may seem elementary to you. But I want you to see them back in the scripture. It was God saying through the messenger, "Come near." And the people came near. The Bible says, and the Bible says now that he repaired the altar of the Lord that was broken down. First it was broken down and then he repaired the altar. And this this word repaired is actually to be healed. He healed the altar. It has reference to individual distresses of personal distress or it is simply to make healthy which was not well. Now, we wouldn't know this outside of the message, but the altar, your heart, which is the altar of God, it was not even capable of offering anything to God that God would answer until the same messenger, until the very messenger of the message built the altar, rebuilt it, healed the heart. &gt;&gt; It's not I'm not talking about little hurts and things like that, but these altars you you didn't even have anything. I want to make that as an announcement to you. We all sit here as individuals and maybe we came from many, many, many different places and many different beliefs. But the truth of the matter is we didn't even have a structure on which to present anything to God outside of the messenger first repairing healing rafa the altar. &gt;&gt; It had to be healed. &gt;&gt; And that's the first thing he did. People think, "Oh, Elijah went on Mount Carmel and called fire down from heaven." No. Elijah went on Mount Carmel and the first thing he repaired the altar. Called the people to come near him and he repaired the he repaired the altar. The scripture says who can know the heart? Who can know the heart? Who can really understand? Do we even understand our own heart? Who can really know it? I got thinking I'd like to speak on the subject the secrets of the altar. He revealed the secrets of the heart. You know, friends, we could come to church and we can try to generate things. We can try to work things up. You don't have to. I'm speaking very quietly. You don't have to. You don't have to. What you really need to do. All you need to do is direct your thoughts to that altar. And a prophet says, "Your heart is the altar." We have a few hundred altars here tonight and I could say that there are some things that need to actually be annihilated on that altar. We come weighted down. We come cumber encumbered. We come in such a state, you know, distressed about things. And this world will distress you. It's a distressing place. We come troubled. We come with all and we can't we can't we're not really in a position to receive some. We need to we need to be shed of those things. There are some things that we need to actually burn up &gt;&gt; and offer it to God. If I took you through the altars of the scripture, you'd find out that there's altars of sacrifice, altars of there's altars where there's peace offerings offered. I don't mean there were different off different altars necessarily, but there were different offerings on that altar. Offerings of incense, offerings of sin offerings, peace offerings, all kinds of offerings upon the altar. And we're here a myriad of people here this evening, but I would I would say that there isn't there isn't one of us, but what need to offer something? And perhaps perhaps we need to offer God something. You know, Abraham received a promise that I'm going to build an altar. I'm going to offer God something for his grace and his goodness and his promise to me. I'm going to offer something to him. Proverbs says, "For as a man thinkketh in his heart, so is he. Eat, drink, eat and drink, sayith he to thee, but his heart is not with thee. For as a man thinkketh in his heart, so is he. In Luke's gospel, Jesus said, "A good man out of the treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is good, and an evil man out of the evil treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is evil. for uh for of the abundance of the heart his mouth speaketh. You know this is so elementary you may think that it is almost childish but this what Jesus said and you find what people talk about. I went to pray for a woman in Ohio in a hospital and she was very ill. And I got to her bedside and she started telling me about this test and this thing had happened and that and then then and then this doctor and this specialist and this and went on and on and on and I stood there and I finally said to her, "Are you done? Are you finished? is I can't even begin to pray for you with all of this trape saying God's not interested in which doctor and what this and this medication this reaction that happened this happened that happened all of that that was that that was that need to be burned up &gt;&gt; that need to be destroyed it need to get rid of that &gt;&gt; in order to get into a place we can offer something say God you gave me a promise of healing you gave me a promise that what I'd ask you would do I'm going to put that on my altar And that's what I'm going to be thinking about. That's what I'm going to be concentrating on. That's going to fill my whole bosom. &gt;&gt; I'm going to go to sleep with it. And I'm going to wake up with it. I am going to have my mind, not my mind, but the thought of your heart, my heart upon the altar. &gt;&gt; Another man, I've told you this, but I feel this is appropriate. Got a phone call. Brother Ed, will you fly? My brother-in-law is dying in a hospital in the East Coast, United States. Would you please fly there and pray for him? This man had confidence. And in fact, this I think he'd been saved in one of one of the services I had. And I said, "Well, we want to do it according to scripture. You call you call your brother-in-law and find out." He was he was he was just hanging on a thread with a massive heart attack. And they I said you f you have him ask for me to come because I need to have that for the scripture. Called back in a few minutes said he wants you to come. And I took a plane the next morning flew to the eastern state. Don't even remember the city. Just landed at an airport was picked up and he and brother-in-law and the man's wife took me to the hospital and I stood outside the room and I said, "You go in first." because he's hanging on such a thin thin thread. I didn't want my presence to take his life. So I said, "You go in first and tell him I'm here to pray for him." And walked in the room. She came out, said, "Come in." And his name was Ted also. And he's laying there all hooked up and they're Greek Orthodox. And I said, "Ted," I knew he was very weak. I couldn't take much time. I said, "Ted, I want to read some scripture for you." And I read James the fifth chapter. Is any afflicted, let him pray. Is any sick, let them call for the elders of the church. And the prayer of faith and anoint them with oil. And I explained the oil. I said, "Your priest anoints you for death, but I am anointing you for life." And I read all the scripture, several verses, and I said, "Ted, how does that sound?" He said in his weak voice, "Sounds like the whole package." &gt;&gt; I anointed him with oil, brother Ernie. And in 10 days, he was up out of that hospital. Hallelujah. And went and retired down in Florida. I didn't know anymore. I did I did I did what I was called to do. Left the rest up to God. But now one woman that was a believer, she could just couldn't stop. Her her mouth was just a fountain of all the doctors and all of this and all the reports and everything else. And next man at the reading of the scripture just said, "Sounds like the whole package." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I trust I'll see him on the other side. Someone who received the whole package, body, spirit, and soul. Amen. Do you believe it? &gt;&gt; I do believe it. It just shows the difference of what one person had on his heart and what the next person had on their heart. Can I spend just a few more minutes and I am going to just close. And it says it says of the of Elijah. It says here that he is repaired the altar. And then it goes on and uh the the scripture which we know Malachi 4 said he'll turn turn the heart turn the heart of the children back to the fathers. We've not only been repaired. Oh my. This master sculptor building a masterpiece. We haven't only been repaired, but our hearts have literally been turned back to return back to God. And the same scripture is is referenced right here. And then this the the verse that brother Brandham uses all the times. For the word of God is quick and powerful, sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing of sunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart, the intents of the heart. The word is a discerner of the intents of the heart. Let's let you think about it a while. What do you have on your altar? What is it that really consumes consumes you in the daytime? I've been preaching for a number of weeks and I've been very conscious of something and that is I don't want to preach. I don't have any itch to preach to preach but I have an I have a insatiable desire to see people moved by what is said. I find that Jesus spoke some very very simple messages. The greatest minister that ever preached the Bible says he began to preach. Brother Brandham says, "Oh, I'd love to have sat there and listened to him. I'd love to have heard him. Wouldn't you? If we' have sat there, we'd have said, "Those things are so simple." It wasn't the simplicity merely, friends. It was that there was something that was there to back it up. And I have asked God and I believe because of what I've heard from the people, the emails that I've gotten, the voice, the the phone calls that I've gotten, the handshakes that I've gotten, and not not myself only, but what's coming over the pulpit is having a very great effect. I'm getting it far and wide. I say, friends, God, I believe that God is taking us a step, a step at a time. I see God doing some very deep things. Not that people say, uh, oh, it was a great service. I'm not referring to that. I'm talking about people who have run into stone walls, have come to places in their life that they felt they couldn't get over and find now that the word is moving that out of the way. The word is doing a work in their hearts and lives. I believe God's getting us ready for a change of the body and to get us out of here. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. There may have been things that, you know, we could tolerate or we could have and maybe things between husbands and wives or between children and parents or whatever more. But I don't believe that can I don't believe that that can continue to be a part of the rapture scene. &gt;&gt; I really don't I believe that the altar of God is a sacred place that's been set up and you have an altar and your heart is that altar. I'm going to I'm going to just uh uh take a a few more minutes, probably five minutes, 10 at the very most. the secrets of the heart. And why are people so tossed about? Brother Brandham said, "Now, the first time I spoke with you, and this is where I sat, young people, down in the about three rows from the front, the night I saw the blind girl healed, and he was taking everybody by the hand." very good friends of mine. He said, "Now, if God heals you, I'm going to ask everyone to close their eyes, but I'll keep ask you to keep your eyes open and you watch my hand." He said, "If my hand does not become normal, if my hand becomes normal, God has healed the child. If it does not become normal, said God has chosen not to heal the child. And that's what he's referring to here. He said he took the hands of the people and told them what was wrong. And the second pull, the second pull, why? He said when you did, you would know the secrets of their hearts. And he told them ahead of time. Now the second pull will know the secrets. The secret the secret of the altar. Oh, not some deep, dark, clouded, evil thing, but the thing that was weighed on your heart. And you'd been blessed if you'd have studied with me today. Brother Brand says, "And the thing that's on your heart, and the thing that's on your heart, and the thing that you're holding on your heart, and how many," he'd say, "Well, you're so nervous. You're so very nervous." And then he go and tell them why they were nervous and reveal the secret of their altar. And that Elijah ministry was being honored by God to consume that thing so they would be free of it and walk out. What you have on your heart, you've got a girl on your heart and that girl is not here. That girl is in insane asylum and calls her sister Orders. That's brother Mike Orders's mother, the song leader for brother Dan Daisley. That's his mother. You got a girl on your heart, your daughter, and she's an insane institution. Go your way, Mrs. Orders. You talk about taking something off of the altar of a person's heart because how can a person how can an individual really come into the presence of God and have something that's gnawing and twisting and burdening them and crushing them and distressing them and pressing them down. And what God wants to do tonight and want to take anxiety and take it off your altar, consume it. And you need to say, "I give it to you. Let the fire of the Holy Spirit consume this. Let fire come from heaven. Let fire destroy this, annihilate it, and let it go up in smoke that I never see it again, never feel it again." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You're holding some little thing or holding some thing of the world on your heart. I tell you, God can never meet you. You can never have. This service will be a dead place for you. Church will be a a doldrum for you. But if you let it go, &gt;&gt; if you let it go, &gt;&gt; if you'll offer it, offer it. Freely offer it. God's not going to force you. You got to freely offer it now. I'm laying it here. I'm giving it up. &gt;&gt; Will you do it? &gt;&gt; Can you do it? &gt;&gt; I'm giving it up. I'm laying it here. &gt;&gt; You don't want to keep it. You don't want to hold that thing. You want to give it up. &gt;&gt; I can maybe hear you say, "Well, I have a right." You sure do. I have a right to hold that. I have a right to have that feeling. Maybe you do. I have a right to be heard. I have a right. Oh, I could tell. I could write you a book. I could write you a book. People have held things and just twisted them up terribly, but oh, if you'd only offer it on God's altar. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Don't look at me as though you have you don't know what I'm talking about. You know exactly what I'm talking about. You got some hurt and you've held something and people call it a chip on the shoulder. This is this is this is right down home where we live. &gt;&gt; You might say, "Well, that's why David said, "Know my heart." Because often we don't know it ourselves. We could be sitting here tonight and we don't know. Said, "Brother Ed, I don't know what you're talking about. I just feel free." I say, "Praise God. Just thank him for it." And if you if you're in that condition, just thank him for it. And now you say, "Am I done?" No, I'm not done. say what can I give him? What can I offer him? I like to take the choice instead of coming you know uh the give him the very last or the tail end of something. I'm going to give him the best. I'll give him the best of the day. I'll give him the best of my time. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. For if our heart condemn us, if our heart condemn us, God is greater than our heart and knoweth all things. If our heart condemn us, I can tell you one thing for sure. You just can't get what you're supposed to get out of a service if you come condemned. If you come feeling God wants to burn that condemnation, burn that thing so that you'll be guiltree. &gt;&gt; Absolutely guiltree. Would you like Brother Brenham's example? one of his last services, his his example. I'll give you his example to follow. He said, "This is not the day of Pentecost. The Pentecostal age is passed. Pentecost is gone. This is harvest time." And he says, "And brother, sister, I lay myself on the altar tonight also calling others." But here he is in the very he he's only got a few days that he's going to be God's going to have him still with us. And he says, "I lay myself on the altar." What a blessed thing to be able to take a person's life and say, "I just lay myself on the altar. All that I am." And that's why I sang it. All that I have, all that I am, and all that I ever can be, I just lay myself on the altar. What was the uh altar right at the very beginning? A place of doesn't sound very nice over a pulpit. A place of slaughter. This isn't something where you, you know, you surgically do something real nice. Fact is, brother Brandham said when they brought that sin offering and they had to go and get the best had to be without blemish. They go and get that without blemish. Got not that not not not something that was lame or broken of the best and bring it bring it to the priest. And I'll say now oh I want you is this not just a story? This is what happened. Now you lay your hand on it. You lay your hand on the head, everybody. You didn't say, "Oh, brother Ed, you do it for us, or let mom and dad do it for us, or let someone else do it." No, you do it. This is your sacrifice. You lay your hand on the head, identify yourself with it, and then watch that priest. And he said, "Take a sharp stone and start to hack at the throat of this animal." And death is not a pleasant thing. Maybe some say, "I can't stand that. I can't stand the sight of blood." You'd either go guilty or stand the sight of blood. &gt;&gt; You had to go through that. Identify yourself with it. And that was God's commandment. You might say, "I can't figure that out. We're far too We're far too educated. We're far too cultured now. No, we're not too cultured. We've got to take some things in our stride and are things that need to be slaughtered. &gt;&gt; You need to become ruthless with it. The fact is you've babyed it long enough. &gt;&gt; Say, who are you speaking to, brother Ed? I don't know, but I'm speaking to somebody. And if I only speak to one or two or five or six, that'll make me happy. And I know exactly. I know exactly. I know exactly that God God spoke to my heart today and I know precisely that this is for this congregation for this evening and God wants to move this congregation further than we've been in the past. Wants to move us further &gt;&gt; and you can lay your hand on the head of that and watch it die in its death throws and know that it was your substitute. That ought to be me. It's taking my place and this blood spattered as that little animal. It wasn't a pretty thing. It wasn't some nice surgical cut. It was not that. It was a It was a removing of our guilt. And that's what happened. And this God that sent this message sent this messenger. It didn't come easy, but it came to it came to deliver us. It came to take the things that you've allowed or even even things that maybe you didn't allow. It just came your way. Just became a part of your scene. Amen. &gt;&gt; I'll say amen because I know it's right dead on the target. I know it's right on the target. And we got questions. We got questions about our life. Why is my life the way that it is? Why has this happened? Why? Why this? And we got questions. And sometimes the questions actually almost like consume us. It's because it's on your heart. The questions on your heart. And if God God sent Elijah, he doesn't have to stand here tonight. Even if Elijah the Tishbite was here. Tell you what, friends, we we don't need we don't need Elijah the Tishbite. We've got the very word of God. And that word is a still the prophet didn't say William Brandham's a revealer of the secrets of the heart. The word the word the word is a revealer of the secrets of the heart and reveals what's on the the altar. Not to stand there and bring some big heavy weight upon it but to come and say I've I've come to receive the offering. Just just let it go. Offer it. Bring it willfully, willingly, and offer it to God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And if you can't think of anything else, just do what Brother Bram said. I'll just offer my life. I'll just lay myself upon this altar. All that I have, all that I am, all I can ever be. Don't go out of the service tonight till you've determined in your heart you're going to give this God the very best. Let's just bow reverently. Father in the stillness and quietness and each person within their thoughts within their heart. Oh God, you are still the revealer of the secrets of the heart, the secrets of the altar. Lord, uh the same spirit. Oh, how heavy my heart was. and many times how heavy it has been. But you have come and oh God, oh God in your grace, you come so wonderfully rebuild something that is perhaps broken down, something that is brought into a state of disrepair. I think, oh God, of those that have just even recently I see your your hand in their life. That is such a treasure, oh father, such a treasure. And this evening, Lord, while we are here in the closing moments of this service, I pray that your sweet Holy Spirit brood out over the people, Lord, and make known, oh God, the very secret of their heart, the thing that is weighing on them. I pray, Lord, it'll be offered not something just removed off the altar, but it'll be offered as a sacrifice. and the fire of God consume, oh Lord, the offering, the offering that is being made to you. And then I pray, Lord, that you will, as you've made promises and the promises have been made so quickened to the people. And we individually, Lord, as you make the promise quickened to us, then we want to respond. We want to give you something of ourselves. We want to give you our best, Lord. We want to give you our our strength, our energy, our resources, and whatever it is that we have, we want to give it to you. We want to give it to your people. We want to bless your people, Lord. We want to bless the bride of Jesus Christ. And we know that you will see it. We believe that you'll receive it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. The scripture tells us that there was incense that was rising before him in the book of Revelation. And it says, you can probably say it with me, the prayers of the saints. You can offer him something this evening. You can offer him with your mouth and with your heart, with your soul. You can offer him your prayer to him and say it from the very depths. Here I am, all that I have, all that I am. Let me say something. I'm your friend tonight. When we meet on the other side, you'll not regret giving hearing the service tonight. You'll not regret being here and you'll not regret doing doing exactly what I'm counseling to you. Just give him yourself. Give him your best. Hear his promise. Hear his word. Give yourself. Give it up. Just give it up. Surrender it to him. and your life will be infinitely blessed of God. Hallelujah. Let's stand. All that I have, all that. All I shall ever [Music] can not [Music] love my [Applause] surrender to thee as a prayer. All that [Music] I am. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh God. [Music] I [Music] surrender to the I feel led to have prayer with someone or some number that God has spoken to tonight. I have my eyes closed because I'm not interested in any big response. I'm interested in a quality response. I'm interested that God comes by your way. It's the only thing I'm interested in. I'm interested that God comes by. I'm interested that you are given the grace to release to release and drop this thing upon the altar and let the fire of the Holy Spirit come and remove it by a fire and let it vanish into another into another realm. Let it vanish by God's divine flame. Oh God, send I pray the very fires of God. The flame, the flame that burned in the bush, the flame, the pillar of fire that moved the people, the licks of fire that was upon the people, oh God, for you said in your word, they were all in one place and they were in one accord. And the fire of God, the licks of fire were on and God came and took control of the people. Come, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, your son, come and take control of the people. I pray oh God you remove oh Lord and give the power give grass grace and grant the people the power and the deliverance to let go of their own grip and their own hands that they will not grasp these things any longer. put it on the altar of their heart and say, "Here it is, oh God. You will consume it. I give it to you. All that I am." And Lord, there are others that are here. I stand here tonight, Father, myself saying, "Oh God, I've heard your promise of this hour. I've heard your promise. And the promise that we hold, we hold it so dear. We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye. And because you've made that promise, and because you've sent the sign of the resurrection, because you've sent the sign of it, oh God, in the hour, I want to lay myself upon the altar this night, Lord, lay myself upon the altar and say, "All that I have, oh God, all that we are, Father, we give you our strength. We give you ourselves. We give you our homes, oh God. We give you, Father, oh God, we give you every breath that we have. Lead us, I pray. Use our words. We give you our words. We give you our minds that we might think. Oh God, consume the dross. Consume the emptiness. Consume the things that waste our time and waste our energy. Oh father, I pray that you'll be glorified. Oh, get great glory to your name, Father, this night. Get great glory to your name. We give you all the praise. Forgive us, Father, our failings. Forgive us our sin or transgression, oh God. Forgive us, oh Lord, of any hardness that we've held in our heart. We surrender it to you now, Lord. and we give uh we give ourselves completely to you. &gt;&gt; We bless your name. We bless your name. We bless your holy name. Oh, we bless your name, oh God of Abraham, God of Isaac, and God of Jacob. Come anoint your people, I pray. Anoint them aresh. Oh, Father, I pray that you'll continue to brood until your work is completed. Create within us a great hunger. Create within us a clean heart. Oh God, create within us, I pray, a cleans, a cleansed heart. Father, in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh God of heaven, send the blessed Holy Spirit fill I pray. Fill, oh Christ Jesus that baptizes with the Holy Ghost and fire. Send that fire, oh God, send that great baptism. Oh, baptizer. Baptizer. Baptizer. Baptizer. Oh God, there's one here. And you've made yourself known, Lord. &gt;&gt; You've made yourself known. Baptized with the Holy Ghost and fire, transforming light, transforming power. Thank you, Lord. [Music] [Music] All that I have, [Music] I am [Music] shall [Music] Love that I [Music] create in me a clean heart. [Music] Create. [Music] Oh God and renew our right spirit within me. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; God. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Christ, [Music] &gt;&gt; God. [Music] from thy presence [Music] take note. [Music] Oh God. Oh God [Music] sal. [Music] &gt;&gt; Cast me not away from me. Oh, cast me away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take it up thy spirit from me. Reveal it. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh God, [Music] oh God. Oh God, create within us a clean heart. Lord, create within us that clean heart. Come and dwell. Come and dwell, oh God. Come and dwell in these vessels, Father. Transforming power of God, move, I pray, brood upon us. Brood upon us, Lord. Lord, let it be a surrender. Let the struggle be over. Let the struggle be finished. Oh God, let the struggle end tonight. Oh God, let the thing be sacrificed. Let it be burned up on the altar. Oh God, let it vanish. Let it disappear. Oh God, let it go up in smoke. I pray in Jesus Christ's name. And then come indwell us, oh Lord. Indwell us, oh God. Indwell every vessel, oh God. Take this congregation of people, oh God. Take all that are listening. Father, I pray there'll be such a a transforming power, oh God, in each life, Father. Oh God, don't let the enemy win out. Let the people say, "I will. I do. I'll give myself. I surrender myself now. I'll make this move. I'll say yes. Yes to your holy will. I'll say yes to your presence. Oh God, let one let one influence the other. Oh God, let one influence the other. Oh God of Elijah, heal the altars. &gt;&gt; In the name of Jesus Christ, repair the altar, oh God. Some of them are even tore down. Some of them are torn down. Some of them have not had a sacrifice for a long time. Oh God of Elijah, repair the altar, I pray. Make it a place. Oh God, speak. I pray. Do do the supernatural work, Father. For when that is done, then the fire fell. Then the fire fell. Oh, Father, I care not what time this evening might be, but we do desire your fire, oh God. Oh, fire of God. Take and consume us, I pray. We bless your name, Lord. We bless your name. We bless your name. We bless your name. Hallelujah. We bless your name. Hallelujah. I just ask you to you just mind the Lord. I'm not going to close this service as a normal service. I'm going to pray a prayer in just a moment. And then you just mind the Lord. whatever you feel he would have you to do and just leave quietly as you feel directed to do so. I bless your name. &gt;&gt; Now we're going to thank him. &gt;&gt; I bless your name, &gt;&gt; oh God of Israel. [Music] give you honor. &gt;&gt; Give him praise. &gt;&gt; Give him praise. He's worthy. [Music] Come down with God. &gt;&gt; I bless your name. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. [Music] I give you [Music] honor. We give you praise. We give you praise. You are [Music] God bless your name. Some midnight hour, some midnight hour. [Music] &gt;&gt; If you should find, you're in prison in a &gt;&gt; in your life. [Applause] that battle. &gt;&gt; Reach out [Music] if I [Music] will. Oh hallelujah in Jesus name. I bless your name. your name. &gt;&gt; Give him all the glory. &gt;&gt; We give you honor. Give you praise. [Music] The truth holy fireless [Music] &gt;&gt; just the voices now. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you all praise. You are the truth. &gt;&gt; Oh, the truth and set us free. I bless your name. I bless your name. Some midnight hour it might be tonight. Some midnight hour. [Applause] You are about [Music] in your mind. Reach out. Oh God, God will [Music] fall. &gt;&gt; They will fall in &gt;&gt; the mighty name of Jesus Christ. I bless &gt;&gt; your name. I bless your name. I give you &gt;&gt; and I give you praise. We bless him, the truth, the way. [Music] I bless your name. I bless your name. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, may the healing waters May the healing waters, oh God. Oh God, now it's time to praise you and worship you for what you have done. You have broken chains. You have received the sacrifice. You have smelled the sweet incense. Oh God, you've heard our voices tonight. &gt;&gt; You've received our worship. Blessed be the name of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise him. Praise him. Glory. How many want to join me and give him praise? Praise him. We praise your name, oh God. We bless the name of Jesus Christ. We give you praise. We give you glory. Oh blessed Jesus. Blessed Lord Jesus. Blessed Lord Jesus. Receive this sacrifice. Receive this incense. Oh God. See we glorify you. We glorify you. There's none like you. You're the Almighty. There's no power that can resist you. You're the Almighty one. Creator who've chosen this bride. You've elected this bride. You sent this word. You sent this message. Oh Jesus Christ. Christ the word. Christ the word. Christ word made flesh. You're living in this flesh, oh God. You're living in these vessels. Come and have full possession. Glory, glory, glory. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Oh, behold the mighty farmer. She ripped the veil in two. She ripped the veil in two. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. Praise the name. Great. Mighty, mighty art thou, oh God. Mighty art thou, oh God, in the midst of your people, raising the dead, raising, oh God, out of the death of this leodyian time. Oh, put a wall of fire about your children. Keep them. Sustain them. Keep them from ever evil, oh God. Keep them from this maring. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Father, we are in your presence. We are in your presence. Pray, oh God, your presence. I ask they will continually abide with the people. They'll find that the presence of the stranger of Galilee, the angel of the Lord, the same one that stood on the platform at the platform in attendance with your messenger. Oh angel of the Lord, I pray that you'll encompass each member of your people. Father, oh God, may this evening and tomorrow be a different atmosphere. May they sense a strange and holy presence with them. Oh God, Father, receive, I pray, receive, receive our little offerings tonight. Receive these lives. As insignificant as it might be, I pray you'll receive it. I know you will be praised. Be praised in this congregation. Oh God, bring a holiness in all of your righteousness and holiness. Oh God, a holy God by the Holy Spirit indwelling a holy people. Father, as the people make their way to their individual homes, may there be another atmosphere in the home, pray, oh God, all tension will just vanish. May the distress and the anxiety be replaced with peace. &gt;&gt; We offer the anxiety and the distresses &gt;&gt; to you now on the altar. For you are here saying, "My peace give I unto thee." &gt;&gt; We receive it. Receive it in the name of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; You that have struggled with condemnation, I rebuke that enemy in the name of Jesus Christ and release you to be free, guiltfree, spotless virgin, bride of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; To the name of the God who's brought full redemption. &gt;&gt; Lord, as the people depart and go on their ways, I pray, you will be their guide, be their counselor, be their provider. And I pray father according to your will. We shall meet again at the appointed time. May this presence be with us from the very first moments of the service when the song leader rises to lead in worship. May this presence surround him and each of the people. Let your angels energize us to faith and to believing. And may every need that is present tonight be met, oh God. And let the work that's done be an eternal work, oh God. That's something that needs to be repeated the next service, but let it be an eternal work that is done. and we'll be careful to give you all the praise and all the glory. Amen. We'll give the glory to Jesus and tell of his love, his wonderful love. We'll give the glory to Jesus and [Music] Amen. God bless you and you're dismissed in Jesus Christ's name. [Music] Glory. [Music] Glory. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
