################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2008-05-11 - v08 0511m Power Of The Spoken Word-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada) - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2008-05-11
Title:    v08 0511m Power Of The Spoken Word-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada)
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 28m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2JiO2f8GTY
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Music] says, "You're not a worshshiper." A worshipper goes there to worship, speaking of going to church, to express himself before his God, to praise God for his goodness, to every word, he hangs on to it. It says by a look, a gesture, especially by language, to declare, to utter, to tell. So, as we're gathered here together to worship, I'd like you to express yourself to God. If if you've had a bad week, and it happens to all of us, &gt;&gt; lift up your hands, &gt;&gt; straighten your knees and your back &gt;&gt; and express yourself to God this morning. Amen. There's a song I want to start, and I know Sister Linda doesn't like me when I sing it, but I uh cuz it's a difficult song, but maybe we can stand and sing it. I want to sing the verses, too. And if you know it, you can sing with me. If you don't, you can listen. This words of this song says, "How can I say thanks for the things that you've done for me? Things so undeserved, yet you gave to prove your love to me." The voices of a million angels could not express my gratitude. Amen. If you're grateful for what God has done for you this morning, you lift your voice, express yourself this morning, and tell God how much you appreciate him, how much you love him, how much you're thankful for what he's done for you. Amen. We'll sing it together. How can I say thanks for the things you have done for me so undeserved yet to prove your love for me. The voices of a million angels could not express my gratitude. All that I am and ever hope to be. I will [Music] [Applause] to God to God the glory to I [Music] heal. Glory for the things he has done. Just let my life just let me live my life. Let it be to me. Sh with his heat. [Music] Glory for the things he has done. Sing again to God. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] God [Music] things he has done. He has saved me with Heath [Music] to be the glory for the things he has done. [Music] He's the great emancipator. Let's sing it together. Once my life, heart and soul were fed. Was that you? And it was each one of us. I thank God he set us free. Let's sing it together. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my [Applause] god. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Michael. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Glory, glory, glory, glory. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Lord, &gt;&gt; hallelujah. Oh, once like comfort. I'm no fre from my sorrow. I Jesus came and listen to me. Glory to God. He set He set me free. He set me free. You set me free. [Applause] Yeah. [Applause] Heat. My feet are brand [Applause] free. He set me free. [Applause] Yeah. Heat. I see things that I will not turn me around. I pray you go through. He set me free. He set me free. People see me. Will he set me free? He set me free. He brought this prison for me. I glory to see God free. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Lord, we bless your name, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, we give you glory. &gt;&gt; We give you praise. &gt;&gt; Lord, there's no one like our God. &gt;&gt; Mighty in battle. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Bless your name, Lord. Blessed be your name. Blessed be your name, Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. It's good to look down and see brother Tony's face. Brother Tony, why don't you come and open the service in a word of prayer. Appreciate Brother Tony and what he's doing for the gospel. We've got uh thanksgiving note here from Sister Grace Bey to thank those that have been praying. Her blood sugar went down um 8.3 to 7.6 6 March to April. So, she's thankful for that. We want to remember this morning uh brother Nathaniel Johnson and family. Sister Margaret Johnson went home to be with the Lord this morning. Memorial service is Wednesday in Tucson. So, we want to remember the family in prayer. And if you've got a need, just lift it before the Lord as we go to prayer. Brother Tony. Amen. We greet you all in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. It's good to be home again and certainly want to thank you all for your many prayers. God is a prayer answering God, isn't he? Amen. His keeping power is watching over each and every one of us. So, let's go to him in prayer this morning. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we don't have time to begin to tell you all of the great things that you have done for us. How your mercy is new every morning. How you watch over us. Lord, even to be here and to have breath to praise your name is a great miracle, Father. Lord, to be able to worship you and liberty today. Lord, to be able to have a place to meet with you and Lord, a sanctuary set aside for the believers to come together, Father. All these many blessings that we may take for granted, Lord, we want you to know we appreciate you. We we love you and we thank you for your many, many, many blessings, Lord. Father, as we are here this morning, Lord, we have needs among us. We we want to remember those that are a need in body, need in spirit, needy in soul. Father, Lord, this is the place of deliverance. This is the place of of where you meet with us, Lord, where your word is spoken that heals us of all of our needs and diseases. And Lord, we want to remember the Johnson family tonight or today, Lord. now that oh God this uh sister Margaret family their mother has passed on. We pray that you'd comfort the family Lord and oh Lord we're so thankful that there is a home beyond the shores that we will have a great reunion once again and Lord we pray that you would just comfort this family and Lord that if there are those that are in need here Lord Jesus meet every need in divine glory. We just desire to worship you today and make you feel welcome in our presence. Lord, we want to thank you for our mothers as well. Father, as we just set aside a day, Lord, for remembering the the gift of life and love that was shown to us through that fifth gospel, as it were, Lord, we pray that you'd bless each one richly. And as the word would be spoken today as well, we pray for those that'll be ministering, Brother Ed coming today, we ask that you would bless him and anoint him. Help us, Lord, to be able to pull on the word. And Lord Jesus, respond. And and Lord Jesus, just allow your word to to be born in that cradle of our heart to bring forth much fruit, Father. Oh Lord, these days are are evil and wicked upon us. We're in the last hours and we just want to be faithful to your word and to you, Lord. So bless us now in your presence, we pray. In Jesus name we ask. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Then you can have your seat. Sister has a song for us this morning. Sister Resa, if you'd come. Uh we got a couple of announcements and we want to welcome everyone who's visiting here with us this morning. Um and uh Sister Kylie Funk Funk would uh Sister Kylie wants to welcome her aunt and uncle who visiting from Australia. uh Ivonne and Jim Gentle from they come from close to Melbourne, Victoria and Australia. May we get them to stand so we can officially welcome you. Happy to have you here. God bless you. I had the privilege of visiting Melbourne few years ago. Jonathan and I, it's a wonderful part of the world. Um there is a reminder uh brother David Roy and Sister Naomi Fairclaw uh their wedding is in two weeks on Saturday, May the 24th. If you'd like to come to the ceremony, it's going to be held at 10:30 in the morning here at the church and uh we're trusting God would really bless them as they unite in marriage. And uh finally, next Sunday, May the 18th, which is a long weekend here in Canada, and the following, which is Victoria Day, and the following weekend is Memorial Day in the US. And the borders are getting starting to get crazy again. And so, um, uh, Sunday, May the 18th, and May the 25th. There will only be one service on Sunday, 10:30 here at the church. Thanks, [Music] Years of time have come and gone. since I first heard it told that my Jesus would come to earth again. And if back then it seemed so real how much more he has revealed. How much closer his coming is today. Signs of the times are everywhere. And there's a brand new feeling in the air. So keep your eyes upon the eastern skies. [Music] Lift up your head. Your redemption draweth now. [Music] Wars and strife on every hand and violence fills our land. And still some people they say he won't come again. Oh, but the word of God is true. He's redeemed his chosen few. He's our hope. He be waiting at the end. [Music] Signs of the times are everywhere. [Music] And there's a brand new feeling in the air. So keep your eyes upon the eastern sky. Lift up your hand. Your redemption draws now. Wars and strife on every hand and violence fills our land. And still some people they say he won't come again. Oh, but the word of God is true. He's redeemed his chosen few. He's our hope and he'll be waiting at the end. Oh, signs of the times are everywhere. And there's a brand new feeling in the air. Keep your eyes upon the eastern sky. Lift up your head. Your redemption draws tonight. Oh, signs of the times are everywhere. And there's a breath you feeling in the air. Oh, keep your eyes upon the eastern sky. Lift up your hands. Lift up your hands. Lift up your hands. Your redemption draweth nigh. [Music] Let's uh Sister Risa, sing it again. We'll we'll sing it uh together. I'm sure most of us know it. Amen. Signs of the time are everywhere. Man, I was in Israel. It's a week ago and I had Don't ask me how I get, you know, it just said, "Hey, you want to go to IDF headquarters? I'd love to." Next thing I know, I'm meeting with one of the top generals in the army and at IDF headquarters. And I started thinking and we talked to him about one of the problems they have in Israel right now. And how many know Israel types the church? &gt;&gt; There's two kinds of Jews in Israel. There's secular Jews and there's believers. And the secular Jews have no said the problem they have is they're losing their attachment to the land. Hey, and there's a bunch of people walking around here in this world that say they're Christians, but they got no attachment to the to my home. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, there's some people that have attachment to the land, right? And these people are believers. And when I first saw them over there, it blew my mind cuz I thought I was looking at you guys. I saw 25, 30,000 people walking through the streets of Jerusalem and they had long dresses on. The sis, the women, the women, they had long dresses. I It's like I'm looking at the church. I had I had uh one of the fellas, we went over to this place for Shabbat, Cindy and I, last year. He said told his wife, he says, "You're going to love Cindy and Rod." He says, "They're just like us." He says, "She doesn't wear pants." And they don't have a TV in her house, right? And we're in a fight, saints. We are in a fight. And I tell you, when you walk into the IDF headquarters, I mean, they don't let anybody in there, you know? You got to get checked out, see if you're on the right side. And you go in there and you got to go through, you can't just drive in. You got to go through. You got to say, "Okay, here's my identification. Here's who I am." And they check you out. Okay. You got an appointment with a senior guy. We'll let you through there. You know the right people. And and then there's people walking around with I mean, you know, if you made one false move, you're gone, right? Cuz everybody's carrying weapons all over the place. The other thing, too, is they have that's where they have bunkers way down underground. You know, I thought, you know, the word says, "Thy word have I hid." It's down deep, &gt;&gt; right? And when you got the word hid down deep, Satan come against you, but he ain't getting in to the bunkers, right? I'm thankful. You look around, we see the signs of the time. It's getting close to the end, saints. They're talking about another war over there. Sy, you know, they just dumped a big bomb on one of the nuclear reactors that Syria had going and uh you know, not you don't hear about it. You just know, oh, there's something happened over there, right? There's a war going on. You might not hear about all the battles, but we want to be prayed up. Amen. We want to be pressing in. Amen. because our in fact I you know when I I talk to these people over there and I just have such a wonderful time cuz we talk about the word and I had I had this Jewish fellow said you know there's a scripture in the Old Testament said the prophet said he'd restore the hearts of the children back to the fathers. This is a Jewish man. He's not a Christian. He said I believe that is a scripture for our day. And where are we saints? Israel is recognizing where they are sitting in the scriptures. And we know where we are. &gt;&gt; We're going home soon. Praise God. Praise God. Sing it again, Sister Teresa. Sign of the time are everywhere and there's a brand new air. The king will rise upon Easter. Lift up your hand. Your redemption draws of the time everywhere. [Applause] There's a brand new feeling in the air. Keep your eyes upon the Easter. Lift up your hands. [Applause] Let's say it one more time, brother. [Music] [Music] [Applause] your eyes. Lift up your hand your redemption. [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, Sister Teresa. Isn't that lovely? &gt;&gt; Put our hearts into expectation. Amen. &gt;&gt; We want to greet you all in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and so thankful that we can be gathered such as we are today. &gt;&gt; So nice to have brother Tony and Sister Rebecca back. Brother Tony, brother Tony, why don't you just come up and give a greeting to the people? God bless you. &gt;&gt; Well, we uh certainly are thankful for God's keeping power. You know, as we sing the song signs of the times, we are recognizing what uh day and hour we're living in. And we also know that uh the word of God is uh has got to go into certain areas. And so, as you know, we've been overseas now just about four months to the day. We just got home last night and uh we uh have uh some unique uh testimonies of God's keeping power. I think some of you might have heard from uh Micah a little bit of what had taken place over there, but we areh going to share a little bit more maybe later on about how, you know, you sometimes find yourself and just an innocent situation where you're just feeling led to go and and the enemy might come in like a flood as it were, but God gives us peace in the midst of it all, doesn't he? And uh so we uh we're very thankful for all that uh we have been able to experience and speaking the word. We were in in Saudi Arabia and been able to minister the word there and share what God was doing in these last days. Different ones were expressing a great desire and open door to take the word into even uh Egypt and uh some possibilities there. We were in the country of Syria three times. who were in Jordan about three times as well and Lebanon a number of times and then also up in uh in Turkey where uh this brother Tarkin has been very very interested in what God is doing in these last days. And I believe that uh we can see from the message of the hour, you know, how late the hour is and what uh is called for in these last days. And so we just wanted to step out in faith and be used of God in a way that we felt he was leading us into. And so, uh, we're thankful for each and every one of you that remembered us in prayer. You're you're an extension of what the word of God is as it goes forward, right? I mean, one sws, one waters, God gets the increase. And it takes a body of uh of Christ to be able to send those out into these parts of the world. And so, we know that many of you wouldn't be able to go there. It's a difficult situation to be in some of these places. But, uh, God has laid a burden on our hearts, and we're just very thankful for that. We want to bring you greetings as well from the believers in Marople, Ukraine. We were with uh sister Natasha and her husband Merced in Jordan. And uh they she has family there in Ukraine and that was how she became a believer. Her family had gotten saved and sent her material when she was living in Jordan with her husband. And they also the whole church of Marople wants to send their greetings to you, brother Ed. And uh they're uh also I know brother Vladimir is asking for meetings there with brother Ed. So maybe who knows he'll be there in Ukraine sometime. We uh we also were with brother Ger Rovald and so brother Gird and the entire assembly there. They all send their love and greetings to you. We were with uh brother Gustaf and Noise uh on Wednesday and had a meeting with him and of course they send their love and greetings. Brother Malcolm Wana was just coming in for special uh uh meetings this weekend. It's Pentecost and so uh we just uh were able to connect with him just as we're leaving. he was coming in. And so, greetings from New Zealand as well. And of course, uh uh all the different ones there that uh have been here, they want to send their love and greetings as well. But we're here to hear the word. So, I just want to get out of the way and say God bless you and thank you. We'll shake your hands afterwards. Well, this is Mother's Day and uh uh while not everyone is a mother, but we all have had a mother. That's one thing. We all have this in common. We all have a mother and we're thankful for mothers. and all of you that are mothers that are here today, we want to give you honor and uh a special thanks for the part you have played in bringing your children. Uh I thank my wife for she doesn't let me give her a mother's day card because she reminds me I'm not your mother. But so I don't give her mother's day cards. I let my children do that. But I thank her for being a mother. Otherwise, I wouldn't have a family. So, we're so thankful and God bless our mothers today. And like brother Brandham said, we don't want to just remember that on one day. &gt;&gt; We want to be remembering our mothers all the time, &gt;&gt; every day of the year. And for those of you that have your mothers, you want to be thankful for that. And uh I can say that uh it it's really amazing. I don't want to take a lot of time with this but uh it's amazing. I I lost my mother when I was 6 and a half and my sister an here she was 11 and uh so we spent most of our life without our real mother. We had a stepmother uh and uh we thank God for her but we didn't have our mother. I probably missed my mother more in the last five years of my life than I missed her in all the rest of my life. It that you might not understand that but the memories be are so acute and so so much uh fondness and uh you just miss them and and then you wish you know I wish you could have seen my children. I wish you could have seen my grandchildren. I her great grandchildren. You know you just have those thoughts and that's only natural. But one day we have a promise right here. &gt;&gt; Amen. And what a glorious salvation she had. And and that's one of my memories I remember about her the salvation and joy she walked in. Uh, brother Rod has made the announcement, but I'll just re-emphasize that uh, next Sunday the 18th, which is the long weekend for Canada, and the following Sunday, which is the 25th of the Memorial Day on the US side, we'll just be having one service here in the church. Uh, for those of you crossing the borders or having anything to do with the borders, it's it's become almost a nightmare even on any day of the week. And so, uh, on those Sundays, we're just going to have one service, and it'll be the regular time that we have, uh, this next Wednesday, uh, Brother Jason Watkins, who is, uh, Sister Lisa St. John's brother, and we're well acquainted with Brother Jason for and have been for many years, he will be speaking here next Wednesday, and, uh, he's with Brother Tim Dodd today in in Grand Prairie, and I'm sure they'll be having a wonderful weekend. So that's this coming Wednesday. Uh we have a special announcement regarding uh the camp. I would like to I would like to just set the dates for the camp in case you are not aware of it. But our our family camp uh begins in August. Uh the junior camp is the August 4th, 5th, and 6th. And then we go into the senior camp. But the senior camp is the family camp. That is where we put the tent up and all the people come. And I can tell you that this is going to be a very very special year, the Lord willing. Very special year. uh and so that will take place on the 7th, 8th, 9th and 10th will be those and those days uh will brother Ron Spencer is going to be the uh speaker. Now this is very very special. Very special. Uh and I as you know at the time when we were just purchasing the camp, brother Ron Spencer was in that explosion, that accident and engulfed in flames and burnt very very badly. He was unconscious in in the hospital in the ICU and they did not know from day to day whether he would live. And one day sitting at my study in my desk, I became so burdened for his wife, Sister Connie, because also their son was burned in trying to retrieve him out of the fire. And uh and as they were running, his father fell and he had to go back and kind of get him to help him out and try and get him out of the flames. Uh and I phoned a a cell number that I had. I'm sorry. I phoned their phone number, their home number, realizing that she's not going to be home. Nobody's going to be home. But I just felt I had it was the only number I had. and I felt I needed to contact her and uh when the home phone rang, she picked it up and I said, "Sister Connie, where are you?" She said, cuz I said, "I've called your home." She said, "I'm in the car driving between hospitals. I've just left my son and I'm on my way to the my husband." and and she said uh I'm I'm said and I have the line the telephone from home forwarded to my cell and I said I've called you because I'm burdened for you. I said you your your son is in the hospital. Your husband is in the ICU and I I'd like to know just how things are. And she told me that he was still unconscious. And I said, I feel directed of God. I said, I'm told by the medical science and medical people and doctors that of all the senses that we have of our body, the hearing is the and you've heard me say it here before, the hearing is the last one that a person has or the that a person loses. And I said, ' And I have spoken to other people and told them, you read the scripture, you put on that prophet's voice, you speak to them, uh sing them songs of Zion that you know they're familiar with and let them hear even if you're not getting any response. And I said, "We have just bought a camp. At least we are closing on this camp ground. I want you to go to brother Ron. I want you to say to him and his air. Brother Biscll is sending a message. They have purchased a camp and you're going to preach in that camp. &gt;&gt; And she went to the hospital and gave him that message. And he's going to preach in this camp. &gt;&gt; I give God all the glory. Hallelujah. And I saw him 30 days after this. I saw him standing in brother uh brother Dan Daisley's church when he had just passed away and and I was moving up to view at the casket and there was a a man right in front of me and he turned around and I could scarcely recognize he looked so youthful. His face was so bright, looked like he had baby skin. It was Ron Spencer. I couldn't believe. And that's why I came back and showed you the picture of him laying in the hospital right on the very brink of death. And 30 days later, couldn't even tell he had been in a fire. &gt;&gt; I tell you what, friends, God's God's a supernatural God. &gt;&gt; And when when we asked him to come, he just agreed right like that. And I told him, "This is going to be a special dedication, this camp. I I just feel it. I've been feeling it for weeks. and we're going to have the Lord willing. In fact is they became so enthused I said uh your father and mother have never been here and I met his father in 1978 and he's a pastor never been here. I said I want your father and mother to come. I want them and I want Sister Conniey's mother and father because he's a pastor and I want them to come. Brother Ron's mom has never been on a plane. I said I don't care if she's ever been on a plane. you get her on the plane and and get her here and and and and the and then his son is coming, his son and his wife and his other son and his wife. And I said, "Well, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord." The more I said, "Praise the Lord," the more they're coming. &gt;&gt; So, the last I heard, there's 13 of them coming. So, we're going to open up our homes and and not only welcome them, but anyone else who comes. So I'll say to you seniors that plan to get in the camp, the soon as a registration, when is the registration? Not yet. Well, I don't want the office to be flooded. But the soon as registration is offered, you want to get your name in very very quick because otherwise it's going to be same old story, no no room in the end. And you don't want to hear that, do we? So make sure that you get your name in. But in order to do that, we got one final push. Is that right, brother Chris? &gt;&gt; Brother Randy. Where's Brother Randy? At least they tell me it's one final push. There he is. So, here's the two brothers that's responsible. And I want to give a bouquet. Brother Chris has spent the last six months almost most almost almost all of the last six months gets up early and goes to the camp and has been giving it uh been giving it his personal attention and he just has given himself to it. We had two things that needed to be done and one was all of the septic systems etc. and you've heard about that. So, I won't go into detail, but brother Chris has been just overseeing the the operation there and to bring it up to where we would want it to be and need it to be. And brother Randy who's in who's actually inspector of uh of fire systems for Watcom County and Scadget County and down in Phoenix and all over. He's been working between Phoenix and Seattle and Bellingham and the camp and and then when these brothers are all done, they have some time for home and their wives. And I I I've kind of avoided their wives a wee bit because we've gobbled them up so much. But uh so you sisters, I know that Sister Cigarette and Sister Lori will forgive me. But we have one last push and we need we need some specific help. Uh we need uh uh I took brother uh brother John Lelay and his two sons, brother Joseph and brother James. And those three brothers, they're all carpenters and they're real tradesmen. And they came out there. I said, "We need this this extension." At least Brother Randy says, "We've got to have this extension to the chapel to put washrooms. There's no washrooms in the chapel. And we're going to and and we don't even need a building permit because we're we're getting it in under the fire prevention because the fire sprinkler system has to come in here. We need a place to put the pipe. So, we'll build a whole washroom to put the pipe. I said, "That sounds like a good plan. Doesn't that sound fine?" And uh and so, Brother Ry's arranged this. And of course, we you know, we we've got quite an advantage because he's one of us to sign the papers. So, he sees the blueprint and he signs the papers and passes it. Uh, I I think that's, you know, I don't know. That's the way I like to do things. You kind of have an inside track. &gt;&gt; So, we appreciate these brothers. But we're needing for the 16th and 17th. That's a Friday and Saturday. And that's the Canadian long weekend. And also the 23rd and 24th, which is the Memorial Day long weekend on the US side. We need uh uh those skilled tradesmen and those of you that are framers and carpenters and whatever more. And I've got the names of of of of a number here and I'm going to call these names out so there's no mistake. Is that all right, brother Chris? That's exactly what you want. I got an email from this brother at 5:53 this morning. I was sleeping, but he was not. And uh we would like to see these brothers. Is this all right? We We've got a little time. All right. Uh, Brother Jeff Walman, we need you. Joel Ray, we need you. Uh, if you got to go to work, well, maybe you can get sick enough to go to the camp and we'll we'll fix you up there. Uh, Brother Tim Perkins and Justin Perkins and Bob Stall. Brother Bob, you're such a good worker. You work so hard and so good and so competent. They say they can't operate without you. Joseph Lei, James Lei, John Lei. I know they will all be there. And brother Chedimeir, and uh Brother Dragmare. Now, you've been away in Yugoslavia or Slovenia or Bosnia and just got back. Isn't that wonderful? Just in time. And we welcome you back with a invitation to be at the camp. But those brothers we really need and all others who might uh uh have some skills along these way. We can use quite a number of others, can't we? And I think some sisters, we don't have a chef. He's gone on vacation. So, we need some sisters. And I think maybe sister Karen Hendrickson, she just got her uh uh her she got passed as a official food person, food in the food service industry, and that's necessary. So, we're real glad and I'm sure uh that you'll be kept busy as well. Amen. One last thing. Any brothers going from Canada to the state side, do not cross the border at the Sumass crossing. That's what the American officials have told us. The American officials have told us, "Do not cross at the Sumass crossing, but cross at the Peace Arch and the truck crossing. Those are the crossings where they've made arrangements and you can go down to the camp and and God bless you." So, I give special thanks to these brothers that have worked so hard, Brother Chris and Brother Randy. God bless you. Uh, can I take a moment for a wonderful testimony? We just prayed this last week for sister Debbie Coral. That's brother Wayne's sister-in-law and uh brother brother Perry. Uh I spoke with him day before yesterday and spoke with him this morning. Uh he gave me you know we we hear a little bit about uh uh the situation. Sister Debbie was giving birth to a child and uh almost bled to death. In fact is her doctor told brother Perry that she had at the most one hour to live. So that's just how how serious it was. Brother Perry told me, he said, "I uh about two to three weeks before my wife was to have child, he said, I I began to just have such a a desire." And he said, "My thoughts went to your testimony that you gave when you were with brother Brandham." And he said, "You were in the car and the angel of the Lord, that presence, Brother Brandham asked you a question. Do you what about this ministry? Do you believe it could be that of Elijah the prophet?" And he said, "And you look back." Now, Brother Perry is speaking this ex these are his words. And he said, "You look down to the glove box." That's my exact words. And you made some that you believed it was or it must be. He says, "And then that presence of the of God, that very angel of the Lord came right between you." And I said, "That's exactly right." He said, "That came to my mind." And he said, "And and he said, you have a wonderful uh site." Uh, and there's a clip on there of that, just that clip. And that is the site uh, Believe the Sign. And if you haven't seen it, you need to get on that site. Believe the sign. and he didn't know how it came about. And I said, "Brother Jeremy Bergen, who's a chartered accountant, took six weeks, I'm six months, rather, six months off of his work and took a sabbatical and he is so fidious and so accurate and so precise. He put that site together." He said, and Perry said, "That's a a wonderful site. It's an excellent site." And that clip is on that site. He said, "And brother Biscll, I played it and I played it and I played it and that presence of God that you spoke of became such a reality to me." He said, "I played it probably 20 times." And then he said, "I said to Debbie, sit sit down. I want you to hear this." And he said it was the night she had to go to the hospital. And of course, I guess they wouldn't have known that. and he had her sit down and he says and we played that clip again and he said we probably played it for another five or six times and he said he said I was so gripped with the presence of God. He says, "And then that night she had to go to the hospital. Next morning she's laying at the point of death." He said, "Brother Bisco, when I went into the hospital," he said, "I couldn't recognize her. Could hardly recognize her. She had changed in such." And he says, "And I I demanded that her doctor come in." Said, "I'm sorry. Uh, her doctor is off today." He said, "You have to get get her here." and her doctor came in. And when they saw that situation, he gave her an MRI and gave her an emergency operation. And and he said within within just hours, she's laying on a ventilator, can't breathe herself, and laying right at the point of death. He didn't even know how serious. But the doctor told him, he said, "What we're afraid of, she's lost so much blood that her organs are going to start shutting down." And uh and this was their concern. When I spoke to him just day before yesterday, she was still on the ventilator. Actually, yesterday it was on a ventilator. And he says they've taken a blood test. They said that the blood uh they gave her this operation. And when she's laying in that state, Brother Perry's at her bedside and her mother and dad and the medical team. He said, "I thought about that clip. I thought about that presence." And I said to the doctors, I said, "Excuse me, I'd like you to leave. All the medical staff, I'd like you to leave." He said, "We're Christians and I want to pray." And he said, "They left." And just Brother Perry and her mother and dad. He said, "I began to pray and began to relate to God about the presence and and the things that were said and call on him to come." He said, "Brother Biscll, the presence of God came in that room so mightily." He said, "Came in that room so mightily." He said, "It was just like I knew that it was over." And I said, you know, Brother Brandham said that in his presence, the supernatural is happening. And all I can tell you this morning, as of this morning, within just hours, the ventilator's gone. They had the heart specialist in. He said, "Her heart is so strong that she just is back to normal as far as the heart's concerned." They called in the kidney specialist, and the kidney specialist told him what a serious situation. And he said she just had such an enormous amount of fluid and water in her body. And he said it didn't seem possible. He said her kidneys are operating 100%. Those were his words. And I say to God be the glory. Great things he has done. [Music] You know I I get feeling that you have to forgive me. These things are real. I got down in my study. And I said, "Lord, it was you that came into that car. It was a being. It was a person. It was a being." &gt;&gt; And I froze. I thought if I take one breath, if I take one more breath, I'm going to pass into some other realm. I've never It's not a blessing. It's not a It's not some light frivolous thing. I thought that I was passing away from this world. I have never never experienced anything even remotely like it. I've had people come up and say, "Oh, brother Biscll, I know exactly what it was. I had that one time." I say, "You've never had anything like this." and sitting beside and brother Brandham's face just turned ashen and he turned to me just slightly brother Eddie I guess he's come to me 10,000 times 10,000 and it's every time it's the same it's just like I could die he'd said another time he said it's like a heavy current going through a very thin wire see these bodies they're not really made for that but we the presence of God could turn on with such intensity right here that you'd be afraid to breathe. &gt;&gt; That's our God. &gt;&gt; He's a holy God. &gt;&gt; He's a righteous God. And I got down my knees and I said, "Lord, when you came into the car that day, it was already in your mind that a boy on down the road, &gt;&gt; a young man on down the road, &gt;&gt; you're going to bring this to his mind &gt;&gt; and he's going to get a hunger for that and he's going to want to hear it." And so you did it for him &gt;&gt; and you did it for sister Debbie and you did it that they would come into your presence and have an answer to this prayer. And I asked if I may give this testimony and he said by all means and to give thanks to brother Jeremy Bergen for putting that site on. Believe the sign. Brother Jeremy, if you didn't do it for any other purpose than this one, it was worth it all. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Would you stand with me and we'll pray. Heavenly Father, we're going to turn to your word right now, but we've heard so many times that that any human with strength can turn the pages of the Bible. But it takes almighty God by the Holy Spirit to reveal its contents. And because you are the author, I pray that you as the author will come and give interpretation and give meaning and give substance to it. We are here today, oh God, to give you thanks for everything that you have done. every time that you've spoken or appeared to us or or given something at a personal level. For all of these that are here within the sanctuary and throughout this building in the fellowship room and wherever they may be and those that are internet connected to us with live streaming today, I pray that they will be sensing the same atmosphere and the same presence and the same lovely warmth of our Lord Jesus Christ in the place where they are. And now, oh God, take human lips, I pray, and human hearts that they may receive your word in the name of Jesus Christ, receive, I pray, our thanksgiving to you. And we pray that you'll bless our mothers, oh God. We pray that you will bless them and give them the desires of their heart. I'm sure that many of them are praying for their children and praying for their spouses and praying for their families. Oh God, I pray, oh God, you'll bless them with a answer to their prayers and grant them the desires I ask in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. I'd like you to turn in your Bibles, please, to Romans, the 12th chapter. We have uh three readings, but they're all brief. The 12th chapter of Romans, verses 1 and 2. I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service. and be not conformed to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. Notice, and be not conformed to the world, to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you might prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. And we're all we're all interested in the perfect will of God. In the eighth chapter of Romans, turn back a page or two, the 29th verse, which is part of our scripture reading from last Sunday. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed. And I'd like you to be mindful that this conformed is a different word in the Greek than the conformed that we just read in Romans 12 and two. To be not conformed. Now this one is to be conformed and they're two completely different words which I'll just touch on in a moment. For whom he did forno he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. And then if you can turn to Hebrews the 8th chapter the 10th verse of ro of Hebrews 8 and 10. For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, say the Lord. I will put my laws into their mind and write them on in their hearts, and I will be to them a God, and they shall be to me a people. That's God's doing, is it not? &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you as you have your seats. Paul has said, "And be not conformed to this world." I'm just going to be brief on on this point so you grasp it quickly, please. Be not conformed. And this is to conform oneself. We can never make oursel We can never conform ourselves and make ourselves acceptable to God. That's virtually impossible. So that is be not conformed to this world. That is to be don't be fashioned after this world. Don't don't change yourself because uh because that is something you can do. You can just fashion yourselves according to the world. So don't fashion yourself after this world. But when the apostle Paul said that in in Romans the 8th chapter 29th verse to be conformed to the image of his son that is to be fashioned like unto be fashioned like him or having the same form as another be conformed to the image of Jesus Christ describes and this describes what is the essence of the character and the very substance and thus the complete be conformed to the image of his son. That has reference to something that is durable. Something that is lasting and not merely an outline. &gt;&gt; This is in substance. This is an essence. This is in character. Be conformed to the image of Jesus Christ. And then when God said, "I will put my laws into their mind, and I will write them in their hearts, and I will be to them a God, and they shall be to me a people." He said, "I will put my laws." &gt;&gt; It's not saying, "Do you want my laws?" He said that whom he forneew, he predestinated, &gt;&gt; he predetermined that they will be conformed to the image of his son. I'm I'm interested in something. And I I am going to be short on time this morning. So I I need to bring you up right to uh my thought. We know from the scripture, we know from the message in particular that a a word that is spoken is a thought expressed. &gt;&gt; So now there is God had thoughts. This great supreme being had thoughts. And because he's God, he's all knowing. He cannot learn anything as such. So he knew all those that are his. Jesus said, "My sheep hear my voice." That's very specific. My sheep hear my voice. And furthermore, another they will not follow. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; I began thinking this great supreme being that uh in in the Greek they refer to the word the word as the logos. And I was interested in how that developed and how that evolved down. But I I I tried to go back and to think on this point. God who had these thoughts thought of you and thought of me thought of this service. He had all these things in his mind. He this word was his thoughts first. Now how did he convey what was in his mind? How did he convey that to me to you so that it had the same meaning as it was in his mind? &gt;&gt; How does it translate down? Because as I thought about that, you know, words and the and the evolution of words and so someone speaks a word and I may say a board and someone may think oh the pulpit's a board or next person will think of a tree. So there's a there's a a difference of imagery that's that is comes to the the human mind when a word is spoken. &gt;&gt; Today brother Rod talked about the the the Jews. Well they read from Genesis to Malachi and it has one image to them. They see something from those words which are written and the next person can hear the same words and have a different have a complete different understanding from the same words. And so then you wonder uh how do either of us know that we have God's understanding? &gt;&gt; That's the question. And then Jesus asked Jesus spoke specific words. All kinds of people heard him. It meant one thing to the Pharisees. It meant something else to the Sadducees. It meant something else to the Zealots. It meant something else to the disciples. And even then, they weren't grasping in fully what he was speaking. So, I'm interested in knowing how God is going to transfer. I know now we know that it can't come just by knowledge. It can't come just by learning you know the words in the language whatever language we speak. So as soon as something is spoken then we have a certain thought we can say repent repent and be baptized and soon as someone hears that one person says well I did I was sorry and then I went over here and somebody sprinkled me. Is that what was in God's mind? That's the question. And the next person says, "Well, I went through a different exercise, but reading the same words. &gt;&gt; Was this one sincere?" Absolutely. Was this one sincere? No doubt. Everybody's sincere. It has nothing to do with sincerity. Did God, was he able somehow to channel what he thought into your mind? And so that you then acted upon really what God had in his mind. And then when God saw what took place, he can say, "That's what I thought." &gt;&gt; That was my thought. &gt;&gt; And if we don't have that thought, then we certainly haven't got the perfect will of God. &gt;&gt; Because he spoke and made known his will of God. So now I've got you maybe left out on a limb. I'm giving you essentially a summary of the of the message in a few minutes. I I can prove to you that the channel and the only channel and the secret of it is in Jesus' own words to Peter when he said to Peter, "Who do men say that I am?" Who do men say that I, the son of man, am? Well, some say, and they all heard him. Some say, "You're Jeremiah or Isaiah or one of the other prophets." Some even thought that he was John the Baptist raised from the dead &gt;&gt; because there was a similarity of the spirit of Elijah which was on John and Jesus Christ who John for ran. &gt;&gt; So but who do you say I am? &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Says thou art the Christ the son of the living God. Blessed art thou. You are especially blessed. You are in a unique group. &gt;&gt; You are an elected one. &gt;&gt; Because flesh and blood, your mother, your father, your family has not revealed this to you. The the rabbi has not revealed this to you. No flesh has revealed this to you, including the flesh of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; It was not the flesh of Jesus Christ that revealed it to him. It wasn't Peter's flesh who learned it somehow. That's true. &gt;&gt; Blessed art thou because flesh and blood hath not revealed this to you, but my father. He's revealed this to you. So we know now that the thought of God can only be conveyed by revelation. &gt;&gt; And revelation can be grossly and is grossly misunderstood. So the power of the spoken word, the power of the spoken word is the only thing that can transform us into sons and daughters of God. There is no other thing. You can't learn it. You can't read enough books and you can't hear enough tapes. You can't you can't do anything on your own that will give you that uh that can give you that transformation. But when you when you read the word of God and God reveals to you what that is and where it is and where your part is in it and when it's a revelation. Now I'm being very very honest. When I was done thinking and pondering and praying and seeking God earnestly, I've been giving giving myself uh some very very in-depth questions. And I'd urge you to because there isn't a person here that isn't going to pass on from this scene one way or another, either through a rapture and a body change or by way of death. &gt;&gt; And then what? So I asked myself, when have you had a revelation? When have you when can you actually say that was revealed to me? I was brought up in a Christian home. I've heard thousands of services and preaching, but I can tell you that a revelation will brand you forever. Amen. &gt;&gt; And when I sat on a log looking into the eyes of a prophet of God with questions encumbering my soul and my mind as a young minister who' now been preaching for about seven years and I wondered I got some very dear friends that believe God is three persons. I have some very dear friends that believe God is one. I even had one I looked up to and esteemed and he said, "All I can see is two." And so I could fit myself in that place. Is he one? Is he two? Is he three? And here I am preaching to people and I can't even declare them, thus sayeth the Lord. And then I saw people with manifestations of all kinds speak in tongues and prophesy and have visions from God and say, "Thus sayaith the Lord." And then as time went on, it it it obviously wasn't thus sayith the Lord because it didn't happen. &gt;&gt; You know, it's a very fearful thing, friends, to be standing where I'm standing behind this pulpit today. And I often wish I didn't have this responsibility because this is a solemn thing. You got a soul &gt;&gt; and I wouldn't dare say anything that would misguide you or misdirect you. But I can tell you one thing. I said to this prophet of God, I said to brother Brandham, "How is it that people can be so anointed?" And I said, "And I know they are anointed. I know that. I I know what that anointing is. They're anointed and I hear them prophesy. I hear them speak in tongues. I hear all I've seen all kinds of manifestations. But the lives that are lived are not according to the word of God. That man opened up his mouth and gave me four scriptures. He didn't try to convince me about anything. Didn't speak about himself. He gave me four scriptures out of the Bible. The rain falls on the just and the unjust. The wheat and the tears enjoy the same sunshine, enjoy the same rain, and grow out of the same earth and have the same nutrients. And one is wrong, one is tears, and one is wheat. And by the time he went through those four, he even asked me, "What is the rain?" I said, "It's the Holy Spirit." And and the scripture says it falls on all. It falls on the just and the unjust. And I sat there and I said, "Why didn't I see this before? How come I could miss this? &gt;&gt; And I can tell you right at that moment, &gt;&gt; a flash of light &gt;&gt; entered into my soul. And it's as real today as it was at that moment. &gt;&gt; And I said to God while I was studying this message. That's one time I know I had a revelation from God. And it has never changed. It's only increased in its intensity. It's only increased in its truth. And it might be a whole lot of things because people get excited. They get enthused and they think that's revelation. That's not rest revelation. A revelation might excite you. It might enthuse you, but that is not necessarily just getting inspired. That's not necessarily revelation. Or even getting anointed is not revelation. Revelation is the very mind of God that comes down into your soul and you know it without any question. And I can tell you, a revelation will never fade. &gt;&gt; A revelation will never get dull. A revelation will never allow you to go into the world and go into unbelief and sin. A revelation will remain constant. [Applause] That's mostly my message. Through faith, we understand. Now, in connection with that, I want you to think about the title to my message today is the power of the spoken word. Because I've taken seven weeks, seven services now on the heavenly bridegroom creates head bride. And that's the power of transformation. &gt;&gt; Creative power. It can only come from one source and that's the word of God. But now my message is you can hear the word and the question is have you heard the word of God and if it is the word of God we can hear a word and it can mean different things to different people as I said earlier and I'm going to go into some depth in that and we can hear the word but how do we know that we have heard the word of God and that we have the very thought of God and God help people. &gt;&gt; I mean, I I'm preaching serious stuff. This is serious things because we do not want to flounder around. We don't want to continue on and just religion or or have a our a message brand. I see a lot of things in the message and I'm convinced it's not the thought of God. &gt;&gt; I see people act the way they act and perhaps dress the way they dress and they need the mind of Christ. &gt;&gt; They need some conviction. They need something to happen inside, something more. Or they can hear a preacher maybe preach, get behind the pullpit and lay some heavies on them and they make an adjustment and a change, but it hasn't been a revelation yet. You need a revelation in your own heart that this is the way I must live. This is the way I must conduct my home. This is the way I must conduct my life. This is the way I must conduct my business. It's not somebody pounding it over the over the over the pulpit. Not somebody laying a heavy on you. It's God transferring by revelation what's in his mind into your mind. So it brings the result of his thought. &gt;&gt; The Lord &gt;&gt; through faith. The scripture says we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God. The worlds were framed by the word of God. So that the things which are seen were made of things which do that the things were seen were not made of things which do appear. John wrote in Revelation 4 and 111, "Thou art worthy, oh Lord, to receive glory and honor and power, for thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they are and were created." In the Hebrew series, Brother Brandham refers to the logos. He said, "And incidentally, I have been reading what the world considers as some of their greatest and most illustrious philosophers to determine on their individual thought of what the logos was and how that word even developed to where it is today." So that I say logos, one person over here might say, "I haven't got a clue what that is." Next person, they have a different understanding. Someone else has a completely different different understanding. I'd like to know what these philosophers, great great philosophers, names that you'd recognize immediately. What did they think about the logos? And I found that they have said in brief that the word logos has a long history and evolution of the idea it embodies it is really the unfolding of man's conception of God. Dr. Scoffield in the Scoffield Bible when he speaks of Jehovah the Lord God how he is the self-existent one who continuously and increasingly reveals himself the self-existent one and as I read what these men and then some went and they they have said Every word implies a thought and it is impossible to imagine a time when God was without thought. Brother Brandham says and I have I'm going to be perfectly honest with you and very simple. I found that brother Brennham he gave an absolute profound profound he distilled the thought of these even great philosophers a man with a grade seven education gave the thought and distilled their thought into such concise and precise statements that it's just it's just absolutely divine &gt;&gt; it going to be nothing but god &gt;&gt; because on some of them they tended towards that the logos must be reason, the power of reason and reasoning. And then others as they took it and studied it, these great uh philosophers of the world said it must also be something if it is of reason, it has to have at some point an expression. It has to come to expression. And so it was finally determined that they must merge someplace. And here, brother Brown says it in just a few words. A thought, a word is a thought expressed. And that line actually is a it's a it's a consummation of even what these great philosophers I've read quite a bit about it. But it's absolutely amazing that a word is a thought expressed. But I take it on from there. You're familiar with that. You hear that all the time. But what I am concerned and interested about is that you hear a word, I hear a word, they hear a word, some other church hears the same word, reads the same scripture and comes up with completely different conclusion. So how do we know yours is right? How do we know mine's right? How do we know this one's right? And within the ranks of the message, one read one thing, they read this quote and bingo, they're in this direction, and someone else read exactly the same thing and mean something else to them. They both say, "I got a revelation." Excuse me, somebody ain't got a revelation. &gt;&gt; One of the two or maybe neither one have a revelation &gt;&gt; because what is the revelation? And the revelation has to be nothing less than the thought that God had in his mind for this season. And he transfers it through the channel of revelation because there's no other way for him to do it. &gt;&gt; Blessed art thou Simon Barjonah. &gt;&gt; Flesh and blood has not revealed this to you. Your father, a godly man, did not reveal this to you. your pastor, your priest, your synagogue, your rabbi, whoever it might be, the one that loves you so intensely did not reveal it to you. It has to come by a revelation from God. And a revelation will transform your life &gt;&gt; because it is designed by God to conform you into the image of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That word has has been invested with all the power That word has been invested with actually creative power. It will take and transform you into the image of Jesus Christ. It's not whether you will, he will to do it. &gt;&gt; Said I will put my word. &gt;&gt; Into their heart. I will put it in their mind. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Is that all right? Amen. &gt;&gt; So the logos, just listen to these few things now. The logos, this great fountain of spirit which had no beginning or no end. This great spirit began to form in the creation and the logos that went out from it was the son of God. It was the only visible form that the spirit had. And it was a theophony which means a body and the body was like a man. If I took and read for you some of the things that some of these people who the world regards as very great, very very recognized people. You'd think that uh they say, "Well, this logos must be the son of God. This logos must be theophony. This logos has the ability to appear." And they start going down the line and this paragraph I just read you, Brother Brandham, has summed the whole thing up. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. And then he said, "And it's the same type of body that we receive when we die here. If this earthly house, Apostle Paul said, if this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, we have one already waiting." That was it. He said, "And that was the theophony which was the son of God. That son, that logos became flesh because we were put in flesh. And the theophony, the logos, became flesh here among us. And it was nothing else but the dwelling place for that entire fountain dwelt in him. The fullness of the godhead bodily. The scripture says, now if this sounds a little heavy for you, just hang in here, will you? In the message attitude he says and there that great space where no one can fathom in their mind beyond that that space eternity that's Jehovah God &gt;&gt; out there and we're taught in the beginning that the logos or the son of God went out of God and thus the scripture can say that all things were made by him. Well, we know that all things were made by God. But all things were made by by Christ because Christ was the creative force that went out from God by which God created all things. And because you were in a fallen state, he had to take a body of the earth like you have a body of the earth coming from your mother. And as I've been preaching on the last weeks, he took a body of the earth and and God God in Christ claimed the earth. He dropped his blood on the earth, claimed the earth. And when he dropped his blood on blood on it and claimed it, you and the elements of your body, the substance was laying here on the earth. You were laying here when Jesus died. You were laying here when the blood dropped upon it. You were laying here when God says, "I'm redeeming the earth." And when Jesus now coming and was baptized and the heavens opened and a dove descended and a voice, "This is my beloved son." And the prophet says, "That was his first part of the earth that he redeemed." And and and and then in the Old Testament, oh my, you just have to help me now. in the Old Testament when they when they planted their field, remember that everything here on earth is a reflection of of the heavenly. And so when when a a man planted his field and he received the first the first harvest, the the first mature grain of the harvest, he cut a sheath down and he took the sheath to the priest and the priest waved the sheath before God in thanksgiving. And the prophet says he waved it because there were more like that chief in the field. &gt;&gt; And Jesus Christ was the first born son of God. &gt;&gt; This is my son. He was cut down at Calvary. He was buried, but he raised again. The first chief to come to full maturity. And it was waved before God as a a as a memorial that there's more like me in the field. In the field. Yeah. And you were laying in the field. And God was giving testimony. There's more sons like me. &gt;&gt; There's more children like me. And they're laying in the field. And Jesus said, "The field is the world. &gt;&gt; And you were laying here in the field when that happened. God testifying, I'm going to bring them." &gt;&gt; And here you are today. Good. &gt;&gt; Here you're seated today. And so now God with his children, he must transfer his thought to his children. How does he transferred? He can't do it through any educational system. Can't even do it through this church. Can't do it through any church. Can't do it through any minister. You can hear the words, but it's now God that has to send his spirit and cause a revelation of what that word has to mean to you. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And I guarantee you if you receive it by revelation, &gt;&gt; it'll have a transforming power attached to it. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now although the things were made by him, yet there was a preparation for the creative power to do its work. There isn't anyone here that would deny God has brought me here. God has given me life. I'm here breathing God's free air. I'm here because God has allowed my life to be here. That's exactly right. And now I can show you in the scripture which I will that there needs to be a something take place in preparation for the word to bring about its result. And the Bible says and God said let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place and let the land let the dry land appear. And it was so. Why was that? Because in the ground there were seeds. Brother Brandham says in the ground there were seeds that were there. Let the let the dry land appear and the word of God was spoken and it happened. It had an effect on creation. Now we're saying if the word of God is preached over this pulpit or over any pulpit, if God's word for this season is preached, then there will be a preparation that takes place in the heart on the earth. The earth that's sitting in these pews today. There will be a a preparation because in there is a seed that must come forth. In there is a life that must manifest and the Holy Spirit broods over over us today &gt;&gt; to cause that life to manifest &gt;&gt; in the rising of the sun. He said, "And God had a reason to do that. For down beneath the water, there was seeds that had to be planted that had that he had planted and had to have the sunlight to make it to live." And the first light, the first light that was ever given in the earth was God's spoken word. &gt;&gt; That's the first light &gt;&gt; that was ever spoken. So the word of God is the creative principle. By the word of the Lord, Psalm David said in the Psalms 33:6, "By the word of the Lord were the heavens made and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth." The word of God is also the instrument of his judgment. Because the scripture says through Hosea the prophet, "Therefore have I hewed them by my prophets, by the prophets. I've slain them by the words of my mouth. And thy judgments are as the light that goeth forth. So the word of God is a creative principle. The word of God is also the agent of judgment. And the word of God is also the agent of healing. For he spoke in the Old Testament also. He sent his word and healed them and delivered them from their destruction. &gt;&gt; Do you think that word has diminished? &gt;&gt; Has it diminished? Is it as effective today? He sent his word and healed them. Do you know that in the preaching of the word today, you can lay hold by faith of the promise of God and said, "That's just as effective at this moment as I sit here in my physical need as it was when it was spoken because it's God's eternal word." &gt;&gt; And he sent his word and healed them. &gt;&gt; So the word is the agent of judgment. The word is the agent of healing. The word is creative and transforms us into sons and daughters of God. I want you to think with me for a few moments on the thoughts of God and how words are developed to convey the thought so that we understand what the thought is. And I have said a moment ago, which I won't go into now, that God has uh he's got a means that he's got an ability. When when God said, "I will write my words in their heart. I will I will put them into their mind." That's just a very short sentence, very short phrase. How does he put it in his mind? And I've described for you from even from personal testimony that can only come through a channel and that channel is revelation. How does a word express a thought? How does it express a thought is my question. How is that word transmitted? How is it sent to you? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; And how do we know that it's not a counterfeit revelation? And now I'm going to just refer to a couple of things I have I've experienced and I'll appreciate your real close attention. Now I have experienced where uh you know there are people in the world lots of people that are fed up of the government. Absolutely fed up of the government. They think that the government has made an absolute mess of things. And there are those that go to extremes along that line and they they become uh really anti-government and some become even active in movements that are anti-government and they feel that the government is deceptive and the government is stealing from the people and the government is corrupt and then they get in touch with the message and maybe they come to a message church and they hear and the brother takes a quote and says, "And this prophet has declared that every government's of the devil." He said, "Hey, I got a revelation." That is right. What he's really saying is, "I found somebody agrees with me." &gt;&gt; He didn't get a revelation at all. He found somebody that agreed with him and and then you find someone else and let's say that he's a forgive me brothers but he's a doineering man and he he's got a real tight control on his wife and his family and tells his wife you go and do this do that come here go there get in the car do this the other thing you know what I mean tells her how to cook tells her how to do everything and uh and and they think that that's what the Bible teaches but that's not really what the Bible teaches is &gt;&gt; the Bible teaches that you love your wife as your own body. &gt;&gt; So if you want to put, you know, tighten things down on her, you got to tighten things down on yourself. &gt;&gt; Anyway, say like brother brother Garwalt. So there it is. But then they'll hear somebody say a quote, a minister will get up and make a quote and about women's places in the in in the kitchen and you'll hear that fell say, "Amen. My goodness. You mean a prophet said that? I got a revelation. No, they didn't get a revelation. They found somebody that agreed with them. They already had that in their heart. That's the kind of person they were. And they found now a doctrine and they says, "I got a revelation." And then they become part of your church and part of the congregation. And oh my, they're so fervent. My, this place is quiet. They're so fervent. You think you got the best member in the world? No. And finally it fades out. It fades away. Do you know why it fades away? Because it wasn't a revelation the first place. &gt;&gt; And then others rise. And then a wind of doctrine blows in. Oh, everybody's just caught up in it. My, this is a this is the end all. This is the last revelation. There is nothing after this. This is so exciting. I'm so enthused. And they and they get completely swept away on it. And as time goes on, just fritters away, &gt;&gt; just where'd it go? Well, I don't know. I don't know where. Well, wasn't revelation in the first place. &gt;&gt; No, when you get a revelation, you get a revelation. You get a revelation. I tell you what, friends, I was ready. I was ready for brother Brandham when I sat with him in case he brought up the serpent seed and I had been forewarned and I had memorized the scripture and Adam knew his wife and she conceived and brought forth a son and called his name Cain for I've got a man from the Lord. And I thought if I hope this subject doesn't come up. I believe it's something bad that someone just said about him. I don't believe that it is true. But if he brings it up, if it happens, and I hope it doesn't, but if it does, I'm going to quote the scripture. So when we sat on that log, the subject just came up and I remember, and you forgive me, I remember raising my finger and I said, "Brother Brandham, but the scripture says, "And Adam knew his wife, and she conceived and bare a son and called his name Cain, for I've got a man from the Lord." He said, "Brother Eddie, that's exactly right." What are you saying? That's my defense. This is my great scripture. He says, "But you need to read the next verse." &gt;&gt; I didn't know what the next verse was. &gt;&gt; That's absolutely the truth. I didn't know what the next verse was. He says, "And she again bore his brother Abel." They were twins. Oh, that was revolutionary. Not revelation, but revolutionary. And then this is what he said. He said, "Brother Eddie, you just pray, be sincere, and I'll pray for you, too, and I believe God will reveal it to you." He said, "It can only come by revelation." &gt;&gt; And that was the end of the subject. It was about 4 months later. I'm in my room and I have my Bible open, not to the Old Testament, not to Genesis. Serpent seeds a million miles out of my mind. And I'm reading Apostle Paul's writing. Bear with me in my folly, and indeed bear with me, for I'm jealous over you with a godly jealousy. For I've espoused you unto one husband, oh, one husband, that I may present you as a as a chasteed virgin to Jesus Christ. But I fear lest as the serpent beguiled Eve, so your mind should be corrupted. Had one fell said it was in her mind, but you know the amazing thing in the curse, she didn't get migraine headaches. And when he came and then God came and addressed the serpent and he said, "Because you did this, not because you thought this, &gt;&gt; because you did this, &gt;&gt; I'm going to put enmity between thee and the woman and between thy seed and my I could not get around that. Thy seed, his seed." And here God have a man who would withstand all religious thought and say there's a serpent seed. Right. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And that's why Jesus could say to the people, "You are of your father, the devil." &gt;&gt; And his deeds you do, &gt;&gt; for he was a murderer from the beginning. He didn't say Cain was a murderer from the beginning. He said he was a murderer from the beginning &gt;&gt; and you're of his children. &gt;&gt; And someone says, "Oh, it's just spiritual." What difference does it make? &gt;&gt; Still lost. Amen. &gt;&gt; Still re God rejectors. &gt;&gt; Still resist the word of God. Still disbelieve the word of God. That day in my room with my Bible open, I received a revelation from God. And that became a foundation of the whole scripture. Then I understood Calvary. Then I understood circumcision. Then I understood the blood sacrifice. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I'm here to testify to David. It doesn't mean anything to you. I'm here to testify on my own behalf that God gave me a revelation of that. And it's never never faded. &gt;&gt; It's stronger today than it ever was. &gt;&gt; You don't have to study it and study it and study it. It's a revelation that comes from God and it's accurate. And I'm convinced that it's what God had in his mind has been transferred to the individual. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; A man might be an instrument of it to bring it to you. But on the other hand, a man may not be an instrument. It might be God sovereignly bringing it to you. Going to be just about 10 more minutes and then I'm going to close. the thoughts of God. This gets tight, but uh if you agree, then you can say amen. And the mighty God unveiled when Jesus came, if he would have come with Noah's message, it wouldn't have worked. It wouldn't have worked. But Noah was a portion of God. He acted a particular a peculiar way because he was peculiar and his message was peculiar because it was the word being made manifest. He goes on he says but when he came talking about Jesus when he came expressed exactly like the testament had said he would be expressed. Then all of those who were redeemable. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Did you hear that? when he came and expressed. Now, we wouldn't deny that Jesus was the word made flesh. &gt;&gt; We agree. &gt;&gt; Do you agree? &gt;&gt; All right. So, now here the word we're talking about, how was it transferred? Here the word became flesh and walked amongst the people. No different than today. &gt;&gt; And the word was made flesh and walked amongst the people. And he expressed the testament. And the Bible says, "Then all those who were redeemable believed it." And what is believing? Believing is the opposite to sin. Sin is unbelief. So they believed it and they were the redeemable because they were the thoughts of God. So when God manifested his thoughts &gt;&gt; on earth and manifested it, those that were redeemable believed that manifestation. &gt;&gt; And why did they believe it? Because they were the thoughts of God &gt;&gt; in the first place. &gt;&gt; Oh, that is so wonderful. It's so rich. It's so pure because you were in the mind of God. Because you were a thought of God. Then when God comes and manifest his word, whether it be back there or in this day, manifest his word and you see the manifestation of it, you believe it. You because you're redeemable. You have to believe it. And there the scripture is is fully fulfilled where it says, "I will put my law in their mind." &gt;&gt; That's God's uh that's God's formula. That's God's process of transmitting his thought to you. &gt;&gt; Now, what is the message? The message is nothing less than God's thought. &gt;&gt; He didn't only speak it, he manifested it. &gt;&gt; And when it was manifested, like when I saw the little girl, blind girl, you see, it wasn't just a miracle. There's all kinds of miracles that happen. All kinds of ministries have miracles, but this one came with a voice and a message &gt;&gt; and a presence. &gt;&gt; God brought you forth and by brooding over you the great Holy Spirit of God and by revelation you recognized your part of the word. I have some slides I'm going to read along with you. And so and at the end of this will be the conclusion of the of the message even though once again I'm a long ways from being done but what do we say? What is revelation? What is a revelation? According to the scripture and according to the Greek words which are used and to many of you this is very familiar. It is to uncover or to lay open what has been veiled or covered up. It is a disclosure. It's to make known or to make manifest or to disclose what was previously unknown. Now bear with me. The scriptures, the scriptures that brother Brandham quoted me, I have read perhaps 50 to 100 times. I'll just be conservative. I've read them since my youth. I read those scriptures. So the words and if I read those words, the rain falls on the just and the unjust. I say, "Well, yep, that's right. Amen." But I didn't have any understanding of it. just didn't have any understanding. The wheat and the tears grow in the same. Should we go and pluck up the tears? No. Leave them till the harvest time because they're so close together. Their roots are even intertwined. If you pull them up, you may pull up the wheat also. Leave them till the harvest time. And in the harvest time, I'll send my angels, my messengers, and they'll separate them. &gt;&gt; How does God separate the people? Jesus spoke his word and separated the people. God confir God transforms you and conforms you by his word. He created the earth we're standing on today by his word. The sun was by his word and you become a son and a daughter of God by his word. &gt;&gt; You mature by his word. &gt;&gt; So it's all by his word. But yet other people can hear the word, hear the same word and mean something different to them. That's where revelation comes in. You can't you cannot manufacture revelation. It's something that's divine. It's something that God drops into your heart. &gt;&gt; And you may look back after this service and say, "What have I received sovereignly from God that I can actually lay my finger on, lay my hand on it?" Many of you young people that have come to church and you've heard it preached, you got to be born again and you have to have the experience in you. What is that experience? You need to look back and say, "Well, I know it's real to my parents, but what has really been real to me? What's going to hold me when I'm away from home? What's going to hold me when my peers or my friends or my work associates try to persuade me one way? What's going to hold me when I am uh you know under the maybe the onslaught of of of of some other teaching? What's going to hold me when somebody sweeps in and says, "So, you got to hear this. What's going to hold me in that hour?" I'll tell you what's going to hold you. Your own personal revelation. that God has dropped into your soul. And you can say this morning in all honesty, and I had to before I came to this pulpit today, before I came to this service earlier in this week, I didn't want to come here till I could have that and be brutally honest with myself. And so, I went back to the beginning. I went back in my life. I know that that was from God. I didn't ask for it. I didn't invite it. I didn't learn it. Nobody convinced me of it. I wasn't gripped with some I I wasn't enamored with some uh, you know, charismatic ministry. &gt;&gt; It was something, brother Ernie, that God dropped and illuminated in my heart, my heart, my soul. It was like from Genesis to Revelation, it all just rippled right through the whole scripture in a moment of time. It's like God said, "Let there be light." &gt;&gt; And say it with me, there was light. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And I've seen it in the people of this congregation. I've seen I know your individual lives and you maybe wrestled with things and thought about things And it just come in a moment's time. &gt;&gt; That's revelation. &gt;&gt; Revelation is an appearing. Revelation is a disclosure of truth. It's instruction. instruction concerning things before unknown. But you may have heard the words but didn't know. Do we have it? Now here we see plainly the complete secret of our lives in journey and in death and where we go after we die. in journey. That's you now this morning. You're in your journey in death and where we go after we die. What is God forming us into? Notice there is still three stages to perfection. Just like he redeems the world. Same way he redeems his church, he redeems the people in three stages. And out unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree of which I commanded thee, saying, Thou shalt not eat of it, cursed is the ground for thy sake. In sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life. That's why he had to redeem it. Be That's why there had to be a redemption. You're in your journey. We're in bodies that are corrupting in death and where we go after we die. The reason that process is so significant, so important to us, is because this happened. Because the fall came and God said to Adam, "Cursed is the ground for thy sake." Listen, ladies and gentlemen, brothers and sisters in Christ, the body you're sitting in is part of the earth that was cursed. &gt;&gt; Amen. Right? &gt;&gt; Is it not? So, &gt;&gt; wait till you get my age. And many of you may not reach that and you'll find out this body is of the earth that was cursed &gt;&gt; and it won't live very long and it'll get weaker &gt;&gt; and you'll have pains and aches and we say, "Well, that's just life." No, it's because it was cursed. &gt;&gt; And God had to have a plan of redemption. And this is a plan. three stages in your journey here in death and after death &gt;&gt; and that's why the apostle saw Paul could say if this tabernacle be dissolved we have another one waiting &gt;&gt; that's the thought of God &gt;&gt; are you with me your body was laying here when God cursed the earth in the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread till thou return unto the ground for out of it thou was taken, for dust thou art, and unto dust thou shalt return. God gave the promise, however, of a redeemer, and I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed. It shall bruise thy head, and thou shalt bruise his heel. Isn't it amazing the way some people have it in their religion? God would be speaking to a snake. &gt;&gt; Isn't that ridiculous? And he's saying that because Eve ate an apple. There's no scripture said she ate an apple. Says she parttook of the fruit. And incidentally, you're all the fruit of your mother. &gt;&gt; You're the fruit of her womb. &gt;&gt; And you came from the loins of your father, from the human tree, &gt;&gt; and Jesus is the tree of life. &gt;&gt; Oh my, I got to. For as much then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also Christ, he also likewise himself likewise took part of the same. What did he take part of? He took part of this body. &gt;&gt; He took part of the earth. &gt;&gt; He was born the kinsman redeemer. &gt;&gt; He had to become flesh. &gt;&gt; So that he could take the curse off of you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Yes. &gt;&gt; He took part of the same that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death. And that is the devil. That that's very clear. &gt;&gt; And being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And we beheld his glory, the glory of the only begotten of the father, full of grace and truth. And when Jesus was being baptized of John, God spoke from the heavens, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased." And the brother Brandham says in proving his word, and what happened? The dove, which was God descending from heaven with a voice saying, "This is my beloved son in whom I am pleased to dwell in." What did he come to do? To redeem that part of the earth. He Jesus was the beginning of the creation of God. That's what he said in the to the seventh church age messenger because God is not a creation only in Christ. He was the beginning of the creation of God and God redeemed that body when he came down. This is my beloved son. I'm well pleased in him. And brother Brandon puts it in these words and I love it. This is my part of the earth that I have redeemed. And from this part of the earth, I will redeem the rest of it. For he is my word made flesh, &gt;&gt; made manifest. Isn't that wonderful? And from this part of the earth, that's why the Bible says, "They that are asleep in Christ, &gt;&gt; hallelujah, they shall rise." &gt;&gt; All that have gone asleep and have perished or have died in Christ, they shall come forth. And through him, he'll redeem the rest of it. The whole world, I spoke it into existence by my word. Hebrews 11. And Satan held it all this time, but I've come to redeem it. So much of it as has so much of it a has made his body, and I'm coming to dwell in it. Oh my. I hope that you're grasping this, friends. &gt;&gt; He's coming to redeem what? The body of Christ. as many as have made up his body &gt;&gt; who raised from the dead. Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; and God came into this little cell, he began to develop cells, drew from his mother's vitamins and things. Then when he became old enough to eat himself and what was that? It's the dust of the earth which you come up and plant life and animal life and so forth. And as he began to eat the the fish and the bread and and and so forth, it began to develop cells. And then when it's fully matured at 30 years old, he was baptized in obedience to God in the water and went out. Later, we find this body Jesus Christ on Mount Transfiguration in a glorified form with Moses and Elijah. Listen you believers now. And there was a prophet named Moses. And one day, God called him and wouldn't let him go over the land. And he died on a rock. The angels took him away and buried him. And there was another man, an eagle, didn't even have to die. He just walked across Jordan. And God sent a chariot down. And this robe of flesh he dropped and rise and caught the everlasting prize. 800 years later on Mount Transfiguration, here stood those two men. Moses' body had been rotten for hundreds of years and he was in such a form till Peter, James, and John recognized him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. They were in such a form. &gt;&gt; They didn't have to have a lesson. They didn't have to have an education. They didn't Jesus didn't have to say, "How do you do, Peter, James, and John? I'd like you to meet Moses and Elijah." in that form they knew them 800 years or hundreds of years later they knew them. &gt;&gt; Isn't that marvelous? &gt;&gt; And that's the kind of body Jesus was demonstrating for those of you that haven't heard this on Mount Transfiguration notice was the whole cycle of life. &gt;&gt; There was Peter, James, and John in bodies like you have. There was Moses and Elijah in a theophony body which is just a breath away. Apostle Paul said, "If this tabernacle is dissolved, you have another. We have another. It's in the heavens. It's eternal. It's waiting for you. And you'll step from this one into that one in a moment of time. And then when the dead in Christ are raised, that theophony comes, claims that body, and that's your glorified body." And so on the on the mount of transfiguration stood the three in bodies like you have. That's normal life in this journey. And there stood Moses and Elijah. Moses had died. Elijah did not die. So one went by the way of death. One went by the way of a rapture. And there stood Jesus glorified. The whole cycle of life was there. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Listen to me. Surely we can get excited about this. They get excited down here at the racetrack seeing horse flesh run around the track. I'm excited about this kind of body. I'm excited about eternal life. &gt;&gt; I'm excited about this kind of message. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And there on Mount Transfiguration, God manifested what was in his mind &gt;&gt; to Peter, James, and John. Go down, write it, tell them, preach it, and send this gospel to the Gentiles. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; If this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If you're an attribute of God expressed here on the earth, you've got a body waiting &gt;&gt; after you leave this world. If you're an attribute of God, once again, it may sound selective. It is. &gt;&gt; Jesus said, "My sheep hear my voice." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Those whom he forneew, whom whom he forneew, &gt;&gt; he also did predestinate. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And them that he predestinated, he called. &gt;&gt; Them whom those? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Don't cower. &gt;&gt; Don't be in doubt or unbelief. &gt;&gt; Don't be questioning. &gt;&gt; If God has sent his spirit and called you and there's something down inside and you can say, "I know I'm one of his. &gt;&gt; He called me at a certain time. I know I'm one of his." Then hear this word. Amen. &gt;&gt; You've got a B body waiting for you. There they were standing on Mount Transfiguration in their theophony for they were prophets to whom the word came to. What formed them into that theophony? The word that came to them. &gt;&gt; I'm talking about the transforming word. God help me. I'm 10 minutes late already. &gt;&gt; He said, "And Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law being made a curse for us. For it is written, Cursed is everyone that hangeth on a tree. Neither by the blood of goats and calves, but by his own blood he entered in once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for us. You see the scriptural references there. Wisdom versus faith in this message. All right. The earth itself is a womb. Where did God place his seeds? Where are seeds put in a womb? And all things were made by him. And without without him was not anything made that was made. As he stands there revealing, this is in the last church age revealing who he who he is in the last age. He calls himself the author of the creation of God. And with this, I'm closing. Now I have about three more quotes here, three more slides. This is another creation. This has to do with the church. This is a special designation of himself. He is the creator of that church. The heavenly bridegroom created his own bride. &gt;&gt; He's a creator. He created the trees and all of these things. We're not so interested in that. We're in the mountains and all those things. Glory. The heavens and all these things. Listen friends, if the heavens is something that God got satisfaction on, he'd have stayed with that. That wasn't it. But he says to the prophet Isaiah, "Where's the where's my household? &gt;&gt; Where's my family? &gt;&gt; Where is it that where's the house that you build me?" &gt;&gt; And the Bible says that every house is built by some man, but he that built all things was Jesus Christ. And as Moses was faithful in all his house, what was it? His whole area, his whole realm of responsibility. Moses was faithful in all of his house. His house was all the Exodus people. He was faithful in all of his house. So Christ is faithful, a son over his house whose house you are. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He's faithful. &gt;&gt; He's a faithful husband. &gt;&gt; It's going to give you what you need. &gt;&gt; He's going to provide for you and he's going to take you where you need to go. He's going to take you to father's house. &gt;&gt; In my father's house are many mansions. If it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go to prepare a place, I will come again and receive you unto myself. &gt;&gt; God bless you, Sister Risa, for the song you sang. I will receive you unto myself. The message is his voice &gt;&gt; receiving you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How else you expect it to happen? &gt;&gt; He send his word and does everything. He sends his word and receives you to himself. &gt;&gt; And it's him that's present here now to take us out of this dimension to that one. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's why brother Brandon stood before those people and said that woman you see you go and see the video deep call of the deep and the woman standing here. She's the first of her number and and and the prophet of God's going to reveal the very secret of her heart in in public in front of the people in Washington, I believe DC. And she steps and she's here and she reaches out her hand to steady herself. and he said, "It's all right, sister. That won't hurt you. That's not me. That's him." When she came into the close proximity of that presence, she became nervous. You know, some people, they're waiting to get in to see a a famous person or a so-called celebrity and and and they're nervous and they begin to tremble. Friends, this one that I'm speaking of, he's not some human. He's not some human celebrity. This is one that's just here one breath away. He's just in another realm. He's the one that came into that car. He's the one that he's the one that brought the brought it to the thoughts of brother Perry Coral. Him not knowing his wife's going to be at the point of death within a few days, within a few hours. Sit down. I want you to hear this. I want you to hear. I want you to come into this presence. How important that is. And I I can see our heavenly father saying, "You're here in this service. I don't want you just sitting here. I want you to come into this presence. I want you to grasp what this little man's trying to tell you." &gt;&gt; He's telling you a live testimony. There is a presence of God that will literally illuminate you &gt;&gt; and explode with life and transform you into a son and daughter of God. If that's not true, I'm a false preacher. &gt;&gt; Bridegroom created his own bride. This new creation is not the old creation made over or it could not be called a new creation. This is exactly what it says, a new creation. It's another creation distinct from the old one. No longer is he dealing with the ways of the flesh. That is how he dealt with Israel. He chose Abraham and of Abraham's issue through the godly Isaac line. But now out of the every kindred tribe and nation, he has purposed a new creation. He is the first of that creation. He was God's creation in the form of man. Now by this spirit, he is creating many sons unto himself. God the creator creating himself. Amen. This is the true revelation of God. This was his purpose. This purpose took form through election. Amen. &gt;&gt; That is why he could look right down through the last age when all would be over and see himself still in the midst of his church of the church as author of the new creation of God. His sovereign power brought it to pass and by his own decree he elected the members of this new creation. He predestinated them to the adoption of children according to the good pleasure of his will. &gt;&gt; Amen. And blessed, blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection. On such the second death hath no power, &gt;&gt; but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years. Behold, I show you a mystery. We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed. Can we say that together? But we shall all be changed. Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him. For the marriage of the Lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready. And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white. For the fine linen is the righteousness of the saints. Thou art worthy, oh Lord, to receive glory and honor and power. For thou hast create created all things, and for thy pleasure they were created. &gt;&gt; And I say, for thy pleasure, You have been created. I have been created. We're his sons and daughters. That's the whole purpose. That's the program of God. Thank you for your time. I trust that this would be a blessing to you. I'm not one to read a lot of uh slides, but I thought it's been a blessing and I would cap it off with these with this whole series. I tried to arrange it so it was in a in a sequence of your journey &gt;&gt; in death in a theophony &gt;&gt; on mount transfiguration as it was listen friends that wasn't just for Moses and Elijah God that's why he took Peter James and John up there &gt;&gt; and you know what he said read the last verses of the chapter previous he said to them that he's going You will not all um let me just read it as the musicians come please. Verily I say unto you, there be some standing here which shall not taste death till they see the son of man coming in his kingdom. &gt;&gt; And after six days he took Peter, James, and John. They were the ones that were standing there onto the mount. And when he saw, when they could witness, we are here in human bodies. Here's Moses. We know he died hundreds of years ago and he's standing here in a body. And here's Elijah. We know that he was caught away and carried in a whirlwind. And here's Christ and he's glorified. No wonder Peter got consumed. It's good for us to dwell here. Let's build three tabernacles. And then the voice said, "This is my beloved son. hear ye him. And Jesus was showing to them his kingdom. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And we're in that kingdom. &gt;&gt; He said, "We are in that kingdom." &gt;&gt; And we've been called into that kingdom. Amen. &gt;&gt; Isn't that wonderful? &gt;&gt; There'll be those standing here. And I believe there's those that are probably seated here &gt;&gt; that'll not taste death either. If you want to put it away in the future, fine. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; But I would say even to I don't want to taste death. &gt;&gt; And I don't want anybody to discredit me for believing that I can be changed &gt;&gt; in my atoms and be transformed and transformed and transcend the grave. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And if you hear one day that I'm gone, just rejoice. &gt;&gt; Don't worry about it. &gt;&gt; Because I'll also rise. &gt;&gt; For the dead in Christ, I'll rise before you're changed. &gt;&gt; Did you hear that? &gt;&gt; I'll rise before you're changed. For the dead in Christ shall rise first, &gt;&gt; and then we who are alive and remain shall be got up together with them in the air. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; If I go by the way of the grave, I'm going to come by your way sometime. &gt;&gt; But the dead in Christ will rise first. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'm going to come up saddle sidle up right beside you and say, "Hey, remember me." Say, "No, I don't know you. I never saw you before." Well, aren't you a believer? Yeah. Yeah, I'm a believer. You heard about the resurrection? Oh, yeah. I believed it all my time. Well, let's get caught up to time. It's already happened. &gt;&gt; Amen. Here we are. Why don't we just stand, shall we? I'd like to just sing. Uh uh I want so many things to sing. Said I said I found a love that pardons. Help me sing it now. Said I love I found a love that pardons. Say I love that. Heat. Heat. [Music] might be Jesus. Jesus Jesus. He want Jesus. It's in Jesus. For it's in Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. is in Jesus. He is the &gt;&gt; Oh, I just feel like rejoicing. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And a wonderful brother Ly. Amen. Oh my. Oh my. We're going to drop this body and seize the everlasting prize. Amen. Amen. We're going to dismiss you. Brother Lance Laroo is ministering tonight. We want you to be here and be fresh. We're having a baptismal. Darlene Hildebrand, uh, Sister Karen's daughter is going to be baptized tonight. Amen. Ain't that wonderful? God just puts that hunger in their heart. We're so happy for her. We don't know who else might be baptized. I wonder, brother DD, if you'd come and ask God's blessing upon the people as they're dismissed and uh have some refreshment and come refresh this evening. God bless you. Let's pray. Father, we like to thank you this morning. We recognize that you're faithful. You're true. You never fail us, oh God. You provide for our needs. Father, this morning we're glad that we sat at your table, oh God, that you prepared food for us, fitted for the soul, to encourage us, oh God, to let us know of your great plan and your great thought that you saw us express in this hour, receiving your word, oh God, being revelated, Father, to believe for these things that seems far-fetched for the people of this world, that we know there's a rapture, there's a change, there's a promise of a resurrection, Father, we're looking for these things. We're expecting them. We believing that you'll keep your word and your promise to us. Oh God, we're just asking that what was spoken this morning will just lodge in every hearts, oh God, that the Holy Spirit the rain will fall upon it to bring it into manifestation, Father. For we want to be all that you have called us to be to give glory unto you father but bring this word to life oh God by being oh God the expression of your very thought in these last days. So bless your children, Father. Just give us that faith, oh God, that can hold upon every promise of God, every word spoken, dear God, and thus you'll be glorified, Father. Bless your children today. Oh God, just give us strength for the journey ahead, even for the service this evening, Lord Jesus. Just continue to deal with lies. Continue to draw us closer, Father. Continue to make yourself known, Father. We know it's not flesh and blood, but it you the Holy Spirit ministering unto our souls. Oh God, we want to thank you for keeping your promise again this morning. For you say where two or three gather in your name, you'll be there, Father. We recognize that you've been here with us. And we're just asking that you'll be with us for the rest of the day and that your presence oh God as we heard about it today. We believe you still alive to minister to make yourself known to make yourself real to each one father. We just want to sense that oh God to keep our mind stayed upon you father that this day indeed will be a glorious day father. not just in hearing the word but in recognizing the neverfailing presence of Jesus Christ. Bless your people. Bless our pastor this morning, Lord, for such a labor, oh God. We just ask that the men of God will be renewed, Father. We appreciate it, oh God. And we thank you for providing. We bless your holy name, Lord. We just commit all things to you now under thy great keeping in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We thank you, Father. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Thank you, brother DJ. And we say God bless you. You're dismissed in Jesus name. Greet one another if you would, please. We'll see you this evening. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
