################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2008-07-27 - 08-0727m My Life Is Preserved-2 Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2008-07-27
Title:    08-0727m My Life Is Preserved-2: Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 52m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zg64hyBS68Y
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I will to see. Open my eyes and human spirit divide. Open my ears that I may hear. Voices of truth. Thou send is clear and by the way on my ear. All shall disappear. Silently now I wait for thee. Ready my God. Thy will to see. Open my eyes and me. Spirit divine and open my mouth. Then let me bear. Let me the one truth everywhere. Open my heart and let me prepare love with thy children thus to share silently now I wait for thee ready my God thy will to See, open my eyes and let me spit divine. &gt;&gt; In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. Oh, in the morning when I rise, give me Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, give me Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Why don't we all stand on our feet this morning? We'll sing it again. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. Is this your desire? &gt;&gt; In the morning. &gt;&gt; When I rise, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Give me Jesus. And when I am in prayer. When I am in prayer. &gt;&gt; Oh, when I am in prayer. When I am in prayer. &gt;&gt; Oh, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Give me Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's our heart's desire this morning. We've come this morning. We want to see you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; We want to see you high and lifted up this morning, Lord. Lord, we've come with expected hearts. Lord, you said if we come hungry and thirsty, &gt;&gt; you would fill us this morning. Come by your spirit, oh God. Move man aside and may you speak. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Peace like river. Peace like a river. Love like a mountain. The wind of your spirit is blowing everywhere. Joy like a fountain. Oh those spring. Oh come Holy Spirit. Let your fire fall like a river like a mountain. Oh, the wind of your spit is blowing everywhere. and joy like the I know there's streams of life. Holy Spirit, let your fire peace. Oh, there's such a wonderful peace in your presence. &gt;&gt; Oh, it's swelling up inside us, Lord Jesus. Oh, the wind of your spirit is going to everywhere. There's a joy like a fountain. There's healing streamy spirit let your fire come Holy Spirit Holy Spirit let your Higher. Oh, come Holy Spirit. Let your fire. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Consume the sacrifice on the altar. Oh, there's a peace in your presence, Lord. &gt;&gt; There's a joy welling up in our souls this morning, oh God. May that healing flow this morning. Restoration power, oh God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to your name, Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Invite brother Tony Abner to come and take these requests before the Lord. As we join our hearts together with them, we want to remember the Gonzalez family to please pray for Irene Gonzalez, brother Ricardo's mom, very serious illness, asking that the Lord would intervene on her behalf. Brother Roy Florent had put in a request for a co-orker named Jim Young. So, waiting on a transplant, asking that the Lord would grant a a donor sufficient. Want to remember Sister Cassia. I believe she's in intensive care. Doctors don't know exactly what's wrong. She goes to brother Ron Peterson's church down in Phoenix, Arizona. We have a prayer cloth to pray over from Sister Irene Waldner. Eileen, I believe. Uh her name is Heather Stillwell. Many may here know her. She's a trustee on the Suriri school board. She's just been diagnosed with breast cancer and the testimony of the Lord Jesus Christ is alive and well. She's recognized that there's a difference in the people here that know her and have asked that we would pray in faith believing. Sister Grace Bey has put in a testimony. She just wants to give the Lord all the glory and the thanks. Uh about a month ago, she was suffering with a very bad stomach pain. The Lord delivered her mightily. Sister Lana wants to say thank you for your prayers of lifting of her father before the Lord as he has spared his life and extended him time to be with her and she's enjoyed that immensely. If you have a need upon your heart this morning, desire a touch from the Lord, just lift your hand to him now as we enter into prayer together. God bless you, Brother Tony. One more quick request. Uh I believe many of you remember brother Anoir Javeed from Pakistan and his son Wakas has uh in need of a open heart surgery. He was born with a hole in his heart and so it's very critical and he'll be in surgery this week. So let us remember our precious brother and their little son Wakas. Heavenly Father, as we are here gathered in your presence again this morning, we Lord recognize the value and the importance of worship. For it's our part. It's our invitation to you that as this world is busy about their affairs and many are running to and fro and bowing at the altars of their own religion, their business, their idols of sports and so on and so forth. And how there's many around the world even today that are are calling upon your name but not in spirit and not in truth. And we know Lord you descended in this hour. Lord, you came to suck with your bride. You came to fellowship with your people, with with the very one that came forth from out of your side. And Lord, we want to entreat you this morning, not just merely to stand at the door knocking as a gentleman, but Lord, as one that wants to come in, we want you to feel welcome. We invite you, Lord. We We want to make you, Lord, and Lord, feel, Lord, as though you're desired intensely, Lord. We're here, Father, to hear the words of life. We're here to suck with you. We're here to have your spirit blow through this room. We're here, Lord, for you to descend in the capsule of love, Lord, for your word to be spoken forth through your servant this morning. That our faith could grow. That we could draw closer to you. That we could be more like you, Lord, our bridegroom, our King, our Lord, our Savior. Oh, how you gave yourself for us, Lord. And how we love you. God, we thank you for your grace and your mercy that was extended to us when we were not worthy, Lord, but yet you loved us. And we love you this morning, Father. Oh, God. May you grace us with your presence is our desire, Lord, you know the many needs that are here represented in this assembly. And we know that in your presence the supernatural will take place. We don't Lord have to plead and plead and plead. We just enter into your presence and there the fullness of joy and faith will lay hold of the promise. &gt;&gt; Lord, you're here to meet every need. You're here to speak to your people. We're here, Lord Jesus, to enter into this sacred chamber where the man and a wife will bring forth the very essence of life itself. And Lord, may you move among us. you know the many needs that are here. Lord, as we've remembered our we remember our brother Anoir and his little son Wakas, Lord, you can heal that heart. You can close up the the the the the openings there, Lord, even without a doctor, Lord. But if you so design that the Lord the child should be under operation, guide the hands of the physicians and may the healing and recovery be speedily, Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Father, our sister Eileen, her life has touched a a woman, a woman that's in need. Something within our sister, the spirit of Christ is reaching out to her. And we lay our hands on this prayer cloth that Father, as it would go to this woman in need, Lord, with this demon of cancer, may the God of our sister Eileen, Lord Jesus, Lord God, be recognized by this woman. And may you move on the scene, Lord, for your glory and your honor, to bring a soul to salvation, to bring a soul out of the bondage of sin that she might have eternal life. Father, Lord, we send this prayer cloth in the name of Jesus Christ. And Father, for others that didn't put in a prayer request, Lord, didn't rather put in a prayer cloth. We know the prayer of faith can save those that are in need. And Lord, we pray Lord again for sister Lana's father, Lord, how you've done a mighty work in his heart and soul. Continue to do the work. And for our sister Grace Bey, Lord, oh we pray that the request that she wrote, Lord, for these ones that Lord, this for herself, Lord, as she's suffering, may you touch her, Lord. And Lord, oh God, may you just, Lord, move in a special way for Lord, the sister in in Brother Ron Peterson's church. Lord, we we pray. We don't know what the need is. Lord, may you move in such a way, Lord, that she would be delivered and have whatever it is that is missing and needing in her body to that she would be delivered. Father, for brother Roy Florence and Lord, the coworker, oh God, that the Lord is in need this this very hour. May you move on this life as well. And for our our sister Irene Gonzalez, Lord, we pray for her. Lord, you know how serious her illness is, but Lord Jesus, there's nothing too great for you. We've seen you move from the smallest, littlest thing to the greatest because you are great. You are supernatural. You are, Lord, our portion for whatever need we have. And so we commit these requests to you, Lord, that you would just move in a special way. And Father, of course, for the ministry of the word, Lord. Feed our hungry souls, Lord. We need strength in these wicked, trying days of tribulation and days of judgment. Lord, let us rise into that go, Father, into the cliff of the rock. Lord, as the storms of adversity are blowing, Lord, as there the various foundations of this world and the economy of this governments are being shaken, Lord, we find our secret in you and in your word. Bless brother Ed as he would come and speak. So, we ask these mercies in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. God bless you. You may have your seats this morning. We want to make sure that we welcome each and every one of you to the house of the Lord. Those visiting with us, we do want to greet you as well. The senior choir has a special force this morning before our pastor comes, if they' just come and get ready at this time. We do want to uh welcome sister Grace Bey has written in a note, Brother Gilbert and Sister Barbara Leo from New uh Nelson, New Zealand. We want to welcome you. Maybe you could stand could recognize you where you are. God bless you. God bless you. And brother from Malawi, Brother Dyverson Musea. He's studying at Simon Fraser University. Where are you, brother Diversson? God bless you. God bless you. He's going to be here for a couple of years, so he might be a stranger right now, but that will soon go away. God bless you. Uh, we have an announcement here. The senior choir, go ahead and come on up. Brother Richard Drake has a request that they are going to be needing a Sunday school teacher this next year. And if you feel the Lord has been dealing with you lately upon teaching Sunday school, please contact him. We know the Lord works on both ends. And he shows a confirmation in his word. So, if the Lord has been dealing with you on a approaching somebody about Sunday school, Brother Richard Drake is that person you need to see. Amen. Well, we're in for a wonderful day today. Amen. Expectant hearts come and the Lord comes and great things happen. Amen. So, just after the senior choir gets done, I believe Brother Biscll's going to come out right away. So, God bless you. One day every eye will behold him. Lifted up high and exalted, we will behold the king. And one day all that supposed him will crumble. Every man be made humble. We will behold the king. And one day we who have waited will see him. We who have prayed, come quickly, Lord. Come quickly, Lord. It's that day that we are looking for. We want to see your glory. Oh, come quickly, Lord. Come quickly, Lord. You're the one that we are waiting for. Come quickly, Lord. One day heartache and suffering will vanish. Sickness and pain will be ended as we behold the king. Oh, and one day death will be conered forever and we will descend in his glory. And we will behold our king. Oh, the spirit and the bride together testify. Come quick with me, Lord. Come quick with me, Lord. It's that day that we are looking for. We want to see your glory. Oh, come with me, Lord. Come with me, Lord. You're the one that we are waiting for. Come with me all for no ear hath heard, no eye has seen, no tongue can declare your majesty be exalted be raised as we lift up your name and your People declare your glory. Every knee shall bow, every darkness. He is Lord. He is all every eye. Oh Jesus lifted high. He is Lord. He is every shallow. Every tongue will confess that he is Lord. Oh, he is Lord and we see him in all of his glory. He is Lord. He is Lord. Every knee shall knee shallow. Every tongue confess that he is Lord. Oh, he is every single all of his glory. He is Lord. He is risen and he is Lord. He is Lord. He is Lord. yesterday, today, forever. He is Lord. Oh, he is. He is. He is Lord. Oh, come quickly, Lord. I'm sorry. God bless you. Hope you enjoyed the song. I'm sure you did. I want them to just remain there. I'd like to just sing if you'd help me to. Uh he's the same God been on my mind all all morning. He's the same God spoke to the woman at the well. &gt;&gt; Same God that's here. &gt;&gt; You believe that? &gt;&gt; Amen. And if if that is the case, then we should be really filled with expectation. What do you expect this morning? &gt;&gt; You probably get what you expect. You get Have you put in your order? That's very important. We're not here just to go to church. And we're not here just to see one another. We're not here to just hear something new cuz there may not be anything new. May not sing any new songs. May not meet any new people. But we're here to meet with him. We're here to go higher. We're here certainly to be in heavenly places with Christ Jesus. And that's not an imaginary place. That's a real place. So I wonder if we could just sing that together. He's the same God. Sing God the raing. He's the same God with me. &gt;&gt; Let's just worship him now as we sing again. He is the same God. Sing God might the Oh, he's the same God. Let's stand as if we sing it again, shall we? The same God for you. The same God. The same God for he god. He's living in me and he's the same God that's living in me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God bless your choir. Thank you. I want to read a scripture. This is not part of the actual message, but I'd like to read a scripture and it's in uh second Corinthians the 10th chapter. I just want to make a couple comments about that. Yeah, fine. Are you brother Joseph? I have a note right here and I'm going to welcome you. It's Brother Joseph Garcia. Right. No, no. Brother Joseph. All right. I had a note. Brother Joseph Garcia may be here. Is are you here, brother Joseph? Right back there. God bless you, brother Jose. Brother Joseph Garcia from uh actually in Burnaby right now. But that's brother Gar Bernie Garcia's son from from Phoenix. and he is here and uh doing some studying and uh his wife and children as well and we want to welcome you as well. This brother and his wife and family, God bless you. Happy to have you as well. My uh it's it's wonderful to have visitors and some that may not just be visitors. Brother Joseph Garcia said he's been streaming some of the meetings and actually looking for a place to live. Uh so we're we're happy to have them and I I think little the little anecdotes are you know we're human and but I I think it was some years ago quite a few years ago. Didn't you visit here once before with your family? Yeah, you did. Yeah, twice. Well, I remember something. Don't any anybody bring it up to brother Joseph. I believe he I believe he was one of the boys that was here and I I took you to a restaurant with the family over here and we had some hamburgers. I believe it was there was two boys there and I I'm sure you're one. Anyway, brother Bernie Garcia came up with his family and I took him down here to the White Spot and after service and Brother Joseph may not even remember but I think he was one of them bound to be. And and so the the waitress, you know, this is this is Canada and it's it's not quite Phoenix, but you know, we're getting multicultural all the time. And uh so he got the hamburgers there and and the boys asked, "Is there any Tabasco sauce?" Now you're smiling. And so I said, "Oh yeah, we can get that. I know what Tabasco sauce is. don't use much of it. But so we we I called the waitress and get us a bottle of Tabasco sauce. So she brings a bottle of Tabasco sauce. And those boys, I mean, they they baptized those hamburgers with Tabasco sauce and uh and and they emptied the bottle. You know, if you folks know what that is, they emptied the bottle and then they asked me, could they get any more? So, I called the waitress and I said, "Can we get another bottle of Tabasco sauce?" She almost lost her breath. She couldn't believe that they had actually used up a whole bottle and were asking for a second one. That was probably the first experience for her like that. But we we we like people who like their food hot and we like people who like their religion hot. &gt;&gt; So, we don't we're not into lukewarm, Brother Joseph. So, God bless you and God bless all the visitors that are here. We trust that you will be able to enjoy the service. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Uh I'm going to read uh uh out of the 10th chapter of uh first Corinth 2 Corinthians, I'm sorry. And uh just before we read verse 13, I'd like to have you bow your head and pray with me. Our dear heavenly father, we are so grateful. Our hearts are filled with thanksgiving as we had prayer this morning in the study before coming to the platform. Lord, our brother Derek came to lead the people in worship and they were singing and to hear the choir and the special and our our musicians, oh God, and each one as they sang. And we pray that the worship, oh God, is acceptable in your sight. We're standing here on holy ground because this is a place, Lord, that we anticipate where people have not only met with you, but will through the ministry of your word. Take us, Lord. We're just human vessels, but we need you this morning. And we pray that you'll minister to us by the Holy Spirit. Utter words to us, Lord, that will sink deep into our hearts. Lifech changing words, oh God, transformation. taking place in our in our lives. In the name of Jesus Christ, we ask it for your glory. Amen. Amen. Apostle Paul said in this uh scripture here, and I just going to have you standing for a few minutes. Uh but we will not boast of things without our measure or that's you know without the scope without the portion that's been given but according to the measure of the rule which God hath distributed to us a measure to reach even unto you. Uh I' I'd like you just to notice here that God hath distributed to us. I'm thinking of two particular uh areas right at this moment. And uh the congregation here and those of you that are visiting, you'll just have to listen for a moment. But we are responsible for whatever God distributes to us. Whether it's your individual life or your home, your family as a unit uh but us as individuals, whatever God has done in your life and has given to you, whether it be skills, whether it be resources, whether it be finances, whether it be just strength, physical strength, whatever God has given to us, he give it to us that we might serve him with it. and whatever God has distributed to us. And we're not responsible for what he's not distributed to us, but what he's distributed to us. &gt;&gt; And as a congregation, as a pastor, I feel responsible because God calls certain individuals. He calls you to be a part of the assembly. So, we individually are responsible, but collectively we're responsible. And just recently, one of the one of the most recent things that God has allowed us to do is to uh develop this message hub, which there's been people that have uh donated uh hundreds and now into thousands of hours to make this hub possible. And what what this is is most of you know, is is a massive digital library of brother Brandham's messages. and and the format has just been developed in the last few weeks, been perfected, I should say, and still doing some work on it. And as of now, there's uh about almost 1,500 messages on there. Most of them are English, but more messages are going up on a regular basis, and these messages will be able to be printed. Now, there are pastors and ministers that are really, I mean, soon as they see it, they catch the vision right away. They they they see the potential. Brother Barry Coffee last Sunday uh demonstrated in his church and actually had a printer on, hooked it up, just went to the internet, pulled down the whole hub, showed it to the people, and there happened to be a a Russian family from the Ukraine visiting and they were sitting in the church and he he he found that they were there. So they just decided to print a Russian message right then for them and they came up and got that message book in their hand actually in maybe 2 3 minutes or less and and got that message book as a result I won't say as a result of that but the people saw with their own eyes what could actually happen and there was a couple there and they were so delighted you have seen the video of the brothers that went brother Kim brother Michael went over to the Philippines and the pastors you can just imagine the joy that they have and there's quite a few of the messages in the Philippine language languages to galic and subano and also they have access to the English because many speak English there and so consequently they were you know thrilled with it but then then there were people in the congregation that came to brother Barry and they have purchased u uh they've actually purchased just on their own they don't have to do it through us at all and that's the beauty of this they have 18 print stations that they're going to be sending to Russia as a result of that meeting. And I think that's wonderful, don't you? I think it's absolutely wonderful. When you think of 18 print stations, just remember that each print station is going to uh uh minister to and supply a a group of churches, other churches and individuals. And so 18 18 print stations could easily be I I just average out at about 10 perhaps local assemblies that will draw on a single print station. So you're looking at about 180 churches. I think that's that's just wonderful. Absolutely wonderful. And so we have uh uh I've given uh brother Kim Dingwall uh we've discussed it and we're going to because these printers are at half price right now. We're going to go ahead and buy a hundred of them and and I think that's minimal, but get a 100 because they're going to be going everywhere throughout the world. And I would say that, you know, God has given us as a congregation has given us people. I think of the camp. Just give me a few minutes because I'm going to be standing a lot longer than you. So, you know, and you'll be sitting for quite a while after this. But God has God has allowed us to have this camp. Last week was 150 young people in the camp plus counselors plus ministers plus the people who are spiritually guiding those young people. But they come into an atmosphere that they have not come into before. And I'll tell you why. Because God distributed something to you. &gt;&gt; And there were quite a number of you that were working. you're working in the kitchen. You're serving. And there were people from that camp, from the leaders of that camp that came and they said the atmosphere, the food, we've never had any, we've never been served like this. And they were so moved. Now, what is it that they felt it was something that God distributed to you &gt;&gt; as individuals? And there's more people involved than I can mention. And people when they come and say, "Where do you find these kind of men? Where do you find these kind of young people?" We're not boasting of that. We're giving glory to God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That the power of the written and spoken word can transform lives till it has an effect on other people. &gt;&gt; And I say God gave that to you. That's not something you develop. God gave that to you. And now they are seeing it. And it's our it's incumbent upon us to to present this to the people. And I think that's a wonderful opportunity. And and and as a result, I won't say as a result, as a result of the atmosphere, as a result of the whole camp. And my wife and I were talking about it coming here this morning, 12 children asked to receive Christ as savior. 12 young people. And my wife said, "Why didn't they do that before? Why didn't they ask that before?" And it just may well be I remember well as a young person when you're 12 and 13 and 14 you see somebody and you see something and you identify it that is different &gt;&gt; and you go away impacted for life &gt;&gt; is that not right &gt;&gt; and I think what an opportunity this next week we need a few other people but there's 150 that are coming on Monday morning tomorrow morning into that camp. And I think that there is brother Chris has mentioned it to me and I just took it much more seriously since this scripture came to me that God has distributed something to us. He's distributed. You say, "Well, what do I have?" Whatever you've heard in the word, has it changed your life? &gt;&gt; God gave you that. God has given that. God distributed that to you. God has changed your nature. God has changed your makeup. God has changed in a and brought a change in your life. And we can truly say there's been a change in me because God distributed it to you. And don't forget whenever you give your time, you give of your labors, you just say, "I'm a willing I I'm I'm I'm a candidate. I, you know, I I I'm just ready to do whatever I can do." That's because God distributed something to you and you're the one you're the only one that can give that out. And so God bless you in all of your labors and all of your efforts and and all everything that you've done. I say God bless you richly. Amen. And I pray that brother Chris, this next week will be also. And then right after that we go into our camp, our family camp. We will expect to have somewhere between 1,00 and,500 people on the grounds in the evening. And it's the largest camp we've ever had in the senior camp is 350 and we're maxed right out completely. I I say may I'm praying and that I want to ask this congregation if you would please take me very serious now. I'd like to ask you to spend quality time doesn't have to be long time but as much time as God deals with you to have prayer. I want to see the supernatural hand of God in the camp. We don't want mechanics, we want dynamics. &gt;&gt; Amen. Along with the mechanics. And so may God give us a powerful supernatural. Pray for brother Ron Spencer one year ago laying unconscious between life and death and preaching in the camp this year. Amen. I I I know it was God. I know it was God, friends. I know it was God. How many remembered I called Sister Connie his wife? You remember Yes, I called her home and I knew she wasn't home. A son and her husband both in hospitals and her husband laying between life and death. And that I even got word that they may not live for a day or two. They didn't know how badly his lungs were damaged from the fire. He's unconscious. And I called her home. is the only number I had. And I knew that she wasn't home. And she picked up the phone, said, "Hello." I said, "Sister Connie, where are you?" She said, "I'm just between hospitals. I've just left my son. I'm going to my husband." I said, "Sister Connie," I said, "We're so burdened for you. I'm personally burdened for you. You don't have your husband, your head, or your home. You don't have your son, and you don't know what the future is." I said, "I'm calling to encourage you." And I said, "We've just bought a camp and something just came over." I was sitting in my chair in my study. I said, "I understand from the medical medical people that the last thing that leaves a person is their hearing." And I said, "Though you, though, though you cannot communicate with Brother Ron," I said, "I want you to go into his room. I want you to speak into his ear. I want you to tell him these words that we have just purchased a camp and he's going to preach the camp meetings next year. &gt;&gt; And she went in. You know what his dad said? I didn't want to say this. His dad met me and said, "Brother Biscoll, you prophesied. &gt;&gt; A true prophecy." &gt;&gt; When my son was laying there, that was the first words he said. And so he's coming also. And his wife's never been on an airplane. I believe we're in for a great time, friend. And why am I saying this? Because to put you in expectation. We're not going to go humrum along. We're going in there with prayer. We're going with expectation in a God that does the impossible. Hallelujah. For lives that have been entrenched maybe in sin and young people that have never been touched. And and not only young people only. This isn't a youth camp. This is a family camp. This for mom and dad, grandpa, grandma. I don't care how old you are. This is to move you as well. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you. Well, I better get preaching before I get preaching. &gt;&gt; Turn in your Bible, please, to Genesis. I'm glad that God has distributed something to us &gt;&gt; that we can distribute to others. I'm reading the same scriptures we read last week and just going from there quickly. I wish to preach on my life is preserved part two chapter 32 of Genesis reading Jacob's experience where he wrestled with the angel our scripture reading is starting with verse 24 just a few verses and Jacob was left alone and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day and when he saw that he prevailed not against him and he touched the hollow of his thigh and the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of joint as he wrestled with him and he said let me go for the day breakth and he said I will not let thee go except thou bless me and he said unto him what is thy name and he said Jacob and he said thy name shall be called no more Jacob but Israel for as a prince hast thou power with God and with men and hast prevailed. And Jacob asked him and said, Tell me, I pray thee thy name. And he said, Wherefore is it that thou dost ask after my name? And he blessed him there. And Jacob called the name of the place Penuel. Uh for I have g I have seen God face to face, and my life is preserved. And as he passed over Panuel, the sun rose upon him, and he halted upon his thigh. Therefore the children of Israel eat not of the senue which shrank uh which is upon the hollow of the thigh until this day because he touched the hollow of Jacob's thigh in the senue that shrank. Amen. God bless you as you have your seats. Thank you for standing patiently. I spoke last Sunday uh my life is preserved and Jacob said I have seen God face to face and my life is preserved. We do not have uh Jacob's set of circumstances. uh we have not experienced what Jacob has experienced. And so we might ask uh what is it that we need to be preserved from? And how do we see God? How do we see God? How do we see God face to face? Or is it possible to see God face to face? The scripture says, "No man has seen God." And so these are very interesting things that no man has seen God. The scripture says and and then God spoke to Moses also and said you can't see my face. And here we have Jacob said I've seen God face to face. And so there has to be you know some continuity in the scripture because we know that there is no uh the the scripture doesn't contradict itself. There's no contradiction in the scripture. So although we do not have Jacob's set of circum circumstances, yet we more than Jacob need to see God face to face &gt;&gt; because of the time that we live in. &gt;&gt; If seeing God face to face preserved his life, we more than Jacob need to be preserved. We live in the most deceptive of all ages. We live in the most wicked, violent, sinful, terrible conditions that we have. And I don't want you to get necessarily unnecessarily quiet when I when we speak about the day that we're living in. We actually live in that kind of a day. And unless you see God somehow see God, and this what I'm going to be dealing with, your life will not survive this age. How does one see God? The Bible says these scriptures, but evil men, this is the day I want to just describe our day for a moment. Evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived. 2 Timothy 3:1 this know also that in and I don't think you need to know uh you don't need to be reminded but yet this is the scripture this know also that in the last days perilous times shall come and we have gone into that in depth before which I won't today but the perilous times are fierce times are hard to take times hard to approve approach. They're hard to bear. They're troublesome times. I preached a message on children of troublesome times. And we certainly have troublesome times. We have several uh police officers in this church. And I understand just from my reading that it used to be that they had a they had a a science in criminology. There was a certain science because one of the first things they would look for in a crime is a motive. What is the motive? And the motive might lead them to a certain uh individuals that might have that motive. Today I understand there is no motives. &gt;&gt; People commit just dreadful crimes with no motive whatsoever. young man walking down here in in in in this city called Surrey. Walking down and some fellas walk up from behind and hit him with a hatchet on the neck and sever his spinal cord and he's quadripollegic from the neck down and he's just a young man, athlete, 18 years old. What is the sense? They didn't even know him. There's been no dispute whatsoever. And that man has left that that way for the rest of our our lives. And we don't want to with rest of his life and we don't want to talk about these things but this is this is just a this is isn't even scratching the surface and what you see is very little because you're protected from it. &gt;&gt; Your people and your children and your families are protected from it. And we thank God because that's part of the preserving. And I I'm going to get into some of this just a little bit further on. So how do we see is the question. And how are we preserved? Those are two of the key things I want to deal with. Jesus described our day in the in the gospel of uh Luke. And I want you to although these are very very familiar, I want you to listen very closely because I'm laying a foundation here. Jesus said, "As it was in the days of Noah, they did eat, they drank, they married wives, they were given in marriage. And as it was in the days of Lot, they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded." Now, there's nothing wrong with eating and drinking and planting and building and these things. There's nothing sinful about those things. But this was something that the people became utterly consumed with. &gt;&gt; This was their life. &gt;&gt; And sin was rampant. The days of Noah, it was violent. The days of Sodom, perversion. And all of these things wrapped up in this entire scene. What is Jesus doing? Jesus is giving a he's he's drawing a scenario so that they can see it. and and an extremely sinful time. As it will as it was in those days, as it was, so shall it be. Even thus shall it be in the day when the son of man is revealed. So he's given the problem and the solution in the same verse. As it was in those days, so will it be in the day when the son of man is revealed. It is the revealing or the seeing of the son of man that's the antidote for the problem. &gt;&gt; And he's giving that answer. And you have to in in the revelation of the son of man when the son of man which was Christ himself who is the word when he's revealed when he's made known when he's seen &gt;&gt; when you see him you'll have the answer. When you see him you'll have the strength to withstand all the conditions that exist. Amen. &gt;&gt; You follow that &gt;&gt; the revealing of the son of man is the preserving power &gt;&gt; for the atmosphere of today. We have a uh incredible atmosphere. The Bible speaks of corruption and I want to deal with that for a few moments. the corruption. The Bible says that it's in the world through lust and lust is strong desires. A lot of people soon as they hear of lust, they think of just immorality and so on. No, it's not just that. It is that, but it's more than that. And the scripture says, "Whereby are given," notice now the same theme, "whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these you might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped, not that you hope to escape, you having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust." How do we escape the corruption that is in the world? I think that you agree with me. There is corruption in the world. We have different words today. We use the word of contamination. We use the word of pollution, especially today. Everything's polluted. In the US, you have the EPA because they're concerned about the pollution in the environment and so on and so forth. And you've got all kinds of of of of of departments and governmental agencies and different jurisdictions that are dealing with, you know, the pollution, want to make sure you don't pollute anything. It's just absolutely amazing that the people will be so concerned about that and while they do that, they curse and damn and use God's name in vain. And as far as I'm concerned, it's pollution of the atmosphere. &gt;&gt; It is a pollution. They're contaminating while they're concerned about the earth and about the grass and about the trees and about the water and in the meantime literally pollute the minds of young people around them. &gt;&gt; I want this congregation to be supportive today. &gt;&gt; This is your experience. &gt;&gt; You might as well say sick them a few times cuz I expect to run the race. I want to get a hold of the Satan. Give him a hard time today. Amen. &gt;&gt; Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by these you might be the partakers of the divine nature, having escaped, having escaped the corruption. And brother Brandham makes a point of this. He says, "We look back to the pit. We look back to the pit where we were hewed from. We're not what we want to be. We're not what we ought to be, but one thing we're thankful for, we're not what we used to be. &gt;&gt; How many can say amen to that? We're not what we used to be. &gt;&gt; He says we're not we're not what we used to be. We're on the road and we're having escaped the corruption of the world. Having escaped that, he said the lust and corruption of the world, you're above that. We've escaped that. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We've escaped that. And if we've escaped that, we ought to rejoice. We ought to rejoice abundantly. We ought to have something deep within us that is saying, "Thank God, I have escaped it." And if we're here living in an area still in risk, depending, you better see how much risk you want to uh uh you want to expose yourself to. And I would say for anybody sitting on the fence, anybody who's not made their peace with God, you cannot afford, neither do you have the strength, you don't have the skills, you don't have the wisdom, you haven't got the smarts to outsmart Satan, &gt;&gt; the corruption that is in the world through lust, &gt;&gt; the world is spending. And I like to know just you know I want to just bring some personal uh uh some personal perspective to you just things person lives a long time and you see things in a certain way and you that are younger than myself. Uh I want you just to take this from someone who's been down the road. Brother Brandham says other people been up the road a ahead of him. And I can tell you prophets's gone up the road ahead of us and made the traveling a whole lot easier for us. And I've been up the road ahead of a lot of you just to make the road a little bit easier. And I hope you are able to learn from from some of these things. But something that I've observed is a and I'm I'm puzzled over. I see a real paradox. the the world, our government, your government, your country, this nation, whether it be Europe or United States or Asia or wherever, they're spending vast amounts of money and resources and human resources and energy to cope with the consequences, the consequences of the ills, the consequences of things without actually dealing seriously with the cause. Amen. &gt;&gt; World leaders, I've been careful to make this note and went over it very carefully, so I I don't want to just glide over it glibly. World leaders and governments spend their time and their money and energy dealing with the consequences, but do not deal with the cause. Perhaps because It is the continuous efforts that they must make and the endless programs in attempting to solve the problems that justify their job. &gt;&gt; They keep themselves in position. We've got case loads and you know I've got to deal with this and I've got these kind of files etc etc. I've got to this is this is the department that I work in and the department is working on programs and working on uh on on the consequences of things. Look at our our penal institutions. Look at our social services. Look at the poverty and the homelessness and constantly trying to deal with with things in that line. Nations and governments are consumed with dealing with crime, violence, drugs, alcoholism, &gt;&gt; poverty, disease, and a host of other crushing problems that stem from these some of these very elementary uh things which invade have invaded uh that are in the world who lust. They have a strong desire and yet they resist doing anything about the cause. &gt;&gt; I I went onto the radio onto a talk show some time ago and they had the leading people in divorce and marriage situations on the radio. And so I called and they were giving the statistics of divorce cases the percentages and as they related to these percentages near to 50% and I said I'm a I'm a minister and I said I have conducted x number of marriages and these have these marriages have endured for many years and the percentage at the time of failed marriages that I had conducted was around 3%. They didn't even want to talk to me. And here they're trying to cope with a 50% marriage breakups, but they didn't want to talk to anybody who had three. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's what I'm talking about. &gt;&gt; They don't want to actually deal I would think that if anybody wanted to seriously deal with their problem, they'd say, "What's your secret? Amen. &gt;&gt; What's your secret? &gt;&gt; And then they say, "Oh, what wonderful young people. What wonderful sisters. What wonderful ladies. What wonderful families." But they never asked the second question. What's your secret? &gt;&gt; The secret is there's a preserving power. The secret is there's something of substance &gt;&gt; within the word of God &gt;&gt; and it actually works because we've seen him. &gt;&gt; We didn't just get excited. We saw him. We see something. &gt;&gt; And what we see is not just a doctrine, not just a code of ethics, not just a church, not just a way to live, but we see him. And we're brought into an atmosphere that transforms us. &gt;&gt; For example, the cost in human suffering and the loss of life. Now, you people that come here and sit here in the meetings, you don't deal with what I deal with. So, I want you to take it from me. I deal with broken broken lives. I deal with people whose lives have been shattered. And that is why if it's possible to have a a a I I detest what Satan does to lives, not even Christians, but just people. That's &gt;&gt; right. I think it's it's it's it's just beyond words to see the suffering that there is, the human suffering. And they show you pictures and and uh of starving people and and the children and the battle and the the the suffering and the genocide that takes place in Dar and Dar and other places of the world and the starving that happened in Ethiopia and whatever more. and and you you sit here and you feel what can you do? You're just a such a such an infatismal uh you know piece of dust in amongst the humanity of six billion. What can you do? And even if you try to make a real valiant effort as many of you know years ago I had some men in the church and they said we'll buy $50,000 worth of rice. I called a member of parliament from the government of British government of Canada the federal government. sat down, had lunch with him over here in Langley. And I called him by name. We were good friends. He'd been in our church several times. I said to him, Bob, I said, "We want to send $50,000 in rice. It's not going to cost the government anything. We don't want you to do anything just to open up the channel for us. All we want to do, there's only one request. We'll pay all the charges, buy the rice, pay the shipping, everything's paid. The government has no responsibility whatsoever. Only thing we want to do, we want to send one person of our congregation to go there when it arrives and to see that it goes to the starving people. You know what his answer was? That'd be very, very difficult. &gt;&gt; They don't have to pay an airfare. They don't have to do anything. They don't have to pay a penny. and we want to give $50,000 worth of rice to starving. All we want to do is see that it gets to their mouth. &gt;&gt; And here we got a member of parliament of our government telling me it'd be very, very difficult. And you know what? We failed. Our government wasn't able to do it. And so however many mouths we might have been able to feed, I call our government to be responsible for it. &gt;&gt; We had it in our heart. We wanted to do it. How many today I'm just quite frankly I hope you're ready because I'm laying a long foundation. Amen. &gt;&gt; How many today are laying in our hospitals and the with the suffering that cannot be described? What cost to society? How many are in prisons today? How many are fatherless? And how many women are without their husbands and husbands without their wives because of the liquor industry? just because of the liquor industry. I just drew one to as an example. How many what is the cost? And yet will they do anything about that? Not a chance. Do you know why? Because there's huge amount of money that come in to support the job that they need to do to deal with the consequences. Does it make any sense or am I, you know, am I just down the creek someplace? &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham says, "Brother," and brother, he said, "We've got a great nation. We've been a great people. We've been a great church. We've been a great everything, but I tell you, everything I tell you, everything mortal has got to give way." And the time is at hand. And I will tell you that everything is laying in it. And the world has become one great chaos of corruption and stink before God. &gt;&gt; Those are strong words, but I say amen to them. &gt;&gt; He says, "And this nation, it's whiskey, it's drinking, beer drinking, and our taxes has paid on this whiskey and stuff which supports our nation and its blood money. Will they do anything about the alcohol system? No, won't do anything about it. This is from the American Academy of Pediatrics media violence policy statement from 2001 and it states this. The strength the strength of the correlation between media violence and aggressive behavior is greater than the correlation between calcium intake and the and and the bone mass. So those of you that take, you know, calcium, let me just say to you that the correlation, the connection between media violence and aggressive behavior is more accurate, more substantial than the intake of vitamins into your body. and the correlation between lead in ingestation or ingestion and a lower IQ. You know, here just a few months ago or just within the last year or so, all through North America, United States and Canada, they found some lead in the paint on toys that were manufactured in China. &gt;&gt; You know what happened? &gt;&gt; They shut it down and recalled it all. Yeah, &gt;&gt; governments had to change. China had to change. They all had to because they couldn't sell a one of them. They they they they cut it off at the wellhead. They cut the problem off right there. &gt;&gt; But when it comes to something that is even more substantial, &gt;&gt; which is the aggressive and the violence that is in the world and the scripture says it will be that way. I'm not preaching that it can be changed, but I'm preaching that the scripture is absolutely true. And the scripture has not left the believer without a without an attitude, &gt;&gt; without a without an injection. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And they say that they they withdrew all of those toys over Walmart, all these big they don't care what it cost. Pull them off. You cannot sell them. And they changed it right away. But when it come to violence on the television, violence in the media, in the magazines, whatever more do absolutely nothing about that &gt;&gt; and that's the one that's actually really creating the situations that we have. And this is uh on July 26, 2000. Listen to this closely. The American Health Association, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American Psychological Association, the American Psychiatric Association, the American Academy of Family Physicians, the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry signed a joint statement on the impact of entertainment violence on the children, stating that viewing entertainment ment violence can lead to increase in aggressive attitudes, values and behavior particularly in children. Its effects are measurable. This is not something that's you know maybe it's there. The effects are measurable. Moreover, prolonged viewing of media violence can lead to emotional desensitization toward violence in real life. Children who see a lot of violence are more likely to view violence as an ineffective way of settling conflicts. And children exposed to violence are more likely to assume that the acts of violence are acceptable behavior. The impact of violent interactive entertainment such as video games on young people indicate that the negative impact may be significantly listen significantly more more severe than that rot by television, movies or music. &gt;&gt; That's the direction and and and this video games. Now, if you make a practice of watching them, I would say you ought to stop. &gt;&gt; And that's not just a preacher telling you. Here's all of thesemies and all of these institutions and all of these people's of authority who've said it is measurable &gt;&gt; and it is having a serious effect. And if you think, oh, I go to Cloverdale Bible way or I believe in a prophet, that doesn't mean nothing. Amen. &gt;&gt; You're not going to escape. You can only escape it by somehow seeing God face to face. &gt;&gt; See, I'm talking about the problem now. And that's not too exciting. I'm talking about the the the real world that we live in. That's not too exciting. I have seen too many people who think I got control of things. I got a I got a control of my life and I I can handle it. You can't handle it. There isn't a person smart enough to handle it. Not a person strong enough within their own self strong enough. You can't outsmart the devil. Not a chance. &gt;&gt; You can't play with it and get away with it. &gt;&gt; You might remember that. You can't play with it and get away with it. I've got a whole a whole bunch here that I'm I'm going to bypass because I don't want to take all my time with it. But they've said that the the violence the violence on television is just unspeakable. &gt;&gt; The violence that they show, even newspapers, I don't get a newspaper to my home. There's so much violence. There's so much sex that's put forward and they're appealing to all of this. What am I saying? I'll say this in a few words. I want I want to I I do want to belabor this point. We're living in a world that Jesus described. &gt;&gt; We're living in a world that Paul described the first church age as messenger. But we happen to be those on whom the ends of the world have come. Amen. &gt;&gt; And this atmosphere permeates somehow creeps in the cracks of our home, our lives, our workplace, wherever you are. There's you can't seal it off successfully enough. So what is the answer? The answer is to have an antidote &gt;&gt; for the problem. &gt;&gt; You're going to hear the cursing. You're going to hear those things. You're going to see those things as much as you try to seal it off. It's going to creep in. It's somehow going to cre permeate the life of the home, whatever more. But it doesn't have to have control of it. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham asked a question in the handwriting on the wall. He said, 'What do you think them Hollywood prostitutes in hell today would do if they could return? &gt;&gt; They'd make it different. But the influence upon the world has set the world in a flame of corruption. &gt;&gt; I'll leave it with you. What do you think the prostitutes of Hollywood who are in hell today if they could return and come back? What do you think they would tell the people on the street? What do you think they would tell even this congregation if they could have access to it, which they wouldn't? What would they say? I tell you, they would do exactly like the rich man who went there. He said he would try to warn all of his brothers. People try to warn everybody, don't come to this place. Do everything you can. Listen, friends, you're not having a second chance. There is no second chance. This is our chance. &gt;&gt; This is our This is our vapor of life. As I prayed with the brothers in the in the study this morning, I was uh and the Holy Spirit just came upon me and I I was uh uh uh moved by the statement, what is your life? It's even as a vapor. &gt;&gt; But even in this little vapor, you have this opportunity. &gt;&gt; You're all here. Every one of you have your own personal little vapor. And God has given you the opportunity to be here under the sound of the gospel of Jesus Christ in this little time of vapor. He's allowed you to hear the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; A preserving message. &gt;&gt; Not just a preserving doctrine, a preserving message. I'm going to tell you some things about the message today that I think will maybe be a surprise to you. There's a there's an element in the message. There's an element in the word that God has sent &gt;&gt; that will actually create an atmosphere if you allow it to. &gt;&gt; It can just be a book or it can just be a tape and that's all it may be to you. But I want to tell you as a brother that has found a lot more than that. &gt;&gt; A lot more than that. There's an atmosphere. &gt;&gt; There's a person. There's a person behind the words. And that person begins to make himself known as he senses the love, as he senses the devotion, as he senses the hunger, as he senses the thirst. Then he comes and makes himself known. He comes out of the pages of the book. begins to create an event, a situation that when you walk away, you know that you've communed with a person. &gt;&gt; The Bible tells us that Jacob wrestled with a man. I don't know what that was. And I don't know how that was. It doesn't say anything more about the man, an angel, where he came, where he went. It doesn't describe for us how Jacob felt about that he wrestled with a man and he's uh it's rather strange because there had to be some kind of atmosphere with his experience because he said this is none other than the house of God. I have met God face to face when actually in fact he had just wrestled with a man. So now there was something more than just wrestling with a man. There was something more than just having his his hip halted so that he limp from then on as a prince with God. He had an experience that actually transformed him into another kind of man. &gt;&gt; He w he came into that experience one man and walked out another man. &gt;&gt; Totally transformed. What was it that transformed him? Not just a wrestling match. It was an atmosphere of holiness of God. He knew when he was done, he met God. &gt;&gt; I've met God face to face and my life is preserved. &gt;&gt; In this hour of corruption, that God draws himself a bride out of this corruption. And I want you to listen closely to this quote. And listen now. I I want to lift it above a quote. I want you to hear it as words that is coming to the elect of God. And it depends how you receive it. He said it's too bad that things of the world has so captured the church in these days. And Satan had a rude way of doing it to bringing in the television right into the homes and things and corrupting the minds of the people. Can you say amen to that? &gt;&gt; But people have a desire. They had a desire. They had a strong desire for entertainment and still do of course have a strong desire towards maybe sports or strong desire to just socialize and be out with the crowd or whatever more strong desire to feel good. So we have some some drinks and some alcohol and whatever more. So there because of a strong desire, not necessarily your desire only, may not be your desire at all, but because of a strong desire, because of lust in the world, but the the the the scripture says that corruption comes into the world through that channel, through lust. It comes in because people have desired a certain thing and you're working with the people that desire that. You shop with the people that desire that. That is why it's everywhere. That's why it's on the bookstand. That's why it's absolutely everywhere. You cannot escape it, but you can have a preservation. You can have a be preserved against it. &gt;&gt; You can't escape seeing it. You can't escape hearing it, but you can escape the effect of it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And he goes on to say, corrupting the minds of people until today, he said, a great percent of the church that call themselves Christian will stay from home, stay home from prayer meeting on a Wednesday night to get to see some favorite program or somebody from Hollywood or somewhere. And that oughten to even be put out on the screen. maybe living with three or four husbands or wives and carrying on and living all kinds of lives and go on drunk parties and smoking and lying and everything that can be done that's wrong. What is he talking about? He's talking about a scenario. He's talking about a scene, a reality. &gt;&gt; This isn't just a qu. This is a reality. This is what it is. He says, "And our churches are fashioning themselves." He breaks. Even our dress in this day becomes after Hollywood. What a pity it's got to be. I say to our young ladies, our m our ladies and our men before I would change according to the fashion of the world, I think it'd be a good thing to for you to ask where'd that come from? Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm going to speak and preach slow because I want it to sink in. I could be preaching, but I want it to sink in. Where do these things come from? Where does this new style come from? Our churches are fashioning themselves after Hollywood. He says, 'What a pity it's got to be that our minds, he said, think, can't stay pure and holy with Christ. It's done something to the church. It's crippled it, and it's done a horrible thing. All of our papers and everything just seem to be corrupted. But listen, friends, and I want you to listen. It's in the hour of corruption and that time of corruption that God draws himself a bride. &gt;&gt; A bride that comes out of that corruption. &gt;&gt; It's in that hour. And he says, and that's what he's looking for to get a church that's called by his name. Somebody that looks for a life that has no end. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; James said in this scripture, James 1:25, "But who so lookth into the perfect law of liberty, and contin, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the word, this man shall be blessed in his deed." It's kind of a conclusion I want to come to. Now I want to build on uh on the other aspect of what we see. The conclusion is that what we look at changes your attitudes changes the way we act. Amen. &gt;&gt; If you stay around a negative person, I'll just take it this way, &gt;&gt; and just hear negative things, &gt;&gt; you will be affected by that &gt;&gt; because there are seeds that are sewn in your mind. If you just hear positive things, that's fine. You'll be affected that way. But if you hear spiritual things &gt;&gt; and the power of the word is a power to wash &gt;&gt; it actually it's not something that you have to do. If you listen to the word it will wash &gt;&gt; it will wash you. It will wash your mind. &gt;&gt; Now I want to just take the direction of seeing God for a few moments. And listen, this is I I wish I could spend much more time than perhaps I have today. I'll tell you why. Because I know deep within me, I wish I could get it across to you. And I pray that God will help me seeing him. &gt;&gt; Is the only way of escape. &gt;&gt; That's the only way. Listen, I don't want to I don't want to dilute or diminish your confidence in a church, but I can tell you that the church can't do it. &gt;&gt; I don't want to diminish your confidence in people or your parents or someone else. I don't want to diminish your confidence in them because people will fail at some point along the line. A man, a woman, a family can fail and and and people become disappointed. But there's one thing that will never disappoint you and that is a word that God has sent and vindicated. &gt;&gt; Seeing God uh this happened to be in my hometown. my sister and her husband were in the same meeting and brother Brandon preached show us the father and he said there now he said I'd like to ask this afternoon would you like to see God that was his question would you like to see God would you like to really see this one that we're talking about could he be seen and he goes on to speak says but I'm I'm going to show four different ways that he that we can see God. God in his universe, God in his word, God in his son, and God in his people. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He says, "And maybe by that we will be able to find what God is, where he is. Is he gone on? Was he something that once lived and now has passed away?" He said, "No, sir." He said, "I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee. Lo, I am with you always to the end of the world." He quotes the scripture. "And yet a little while in the world," notice, "Yet a little while," he's still quoting scripture. Yet a little while in the world seeth me no more, but you will see me. &gt;&gt; And because I live, you will live also. and I'll be with you and even in you to the end of the world. Now, here's something I want to bring you to, and I'm I'm going to ask that God will give you a very very special insight because I've been really uh struggling with how to bring this exactly to you. And I'm going to use a word that is not commonly used and it's it's close to a word that can be mis misinterpreted. But God creates situations and I'm holding myself back. So you just help me. God creates situations uh and conditions. He creates a situation and a condition through which we can encounter him can encounter God. Uh the whole event brings us face to face with God. The circumstances of Jacob where he was running from his brother. He was he had a a a a mixture taking place. He was fearful. uh he had been done wrong by by his father-in-law. He had his families. He had his responsibility. He had all of these things. And now because of the circumstances that were there and he's sending him away as I described last week and the Bible says with our opening scripture and Jacob's left alone. That was an important part of this of the of the scene. He's left alone and he's got all of this mixture of feelings and emotions and is highly charged and in that state he uh he meets a man and he wrestles with him. I had a different set of circumstances. I was a young man, 27, and I was having a big big struggle to feed my family, desiring to give my life to take the gospel to the native Indian people. And somehow I I I find myself with this prophet of God in the car and I get faced with a question that I felt completely incompetent to answer. Brother Eddie, what do you think of this ministry? Do you think it could be that of Elijah the prophet as it's foretold in the scripture and in Revelation and his voice trailed off and I I'm just feeling completely inadequate. Just completely inadequate. Brother Brandham, I'm shaking my head. I remember it like it was five minutes ago. Brother Brandham, for all I know, it must be because it has every appearance of being. And I kind of glanced at him like this and had that little flat cowboy hat on. He said, "Often kind of wondered. I kind of think so myself." At that moment, at that moment, friends, a being, a being came instantly into that vehicle, froze me. I can feel some of it even now. Right between us and just forward. And I told the Lord this morning in prayer, I understand a wee bit what Apostle John must have felt when he said, "When I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead." I was absolutely certain and all these thoughts flashed through my mind. My next breath is taking me out of this life. That was the first thing that came to my mind. And the second one, what what is brother Brandham? What is he doing? And I couldn't hardly move. I was I was so frozen. And I I looked this way sideways, cast my eyes to him, and I saw his face had lost his color. And we had several days of beard because we had been out hunting. And his beard stood out just in prickles. And I'd seen one other man like that that had been right at the edge of death. And and the thought came through my mind. He looks like a man that's right near death. And he just slowly turned his head like this. He's still driving. And he cast his eyes sideways and looks at me through those deep deep set eyes. said, 'Brother Eddie, I guess he's come to me 10,000 times 10,000 and it's every time the same. It's just like I could die. It just what had gone through my mind. And at that moment, this big moose stood on the road and I needed it. And you know the rest of the story. But this morning, that all came back. And I hope you don't think that I've gone over the edge, but for the first time I said I can say I saw God face to face. Said, "Did you see anything with your eyes?" No. Far more accurate than my eyes. Far sharper than my eyes. I could even tell you exactly where the being was. It wasn't what you saw with your eyes. is what penetrated &gt;&gt; my being &gt;&gt; and I can never change that. I can tell it the same every time because it's exactly the truth, exactly what happened. And I can tell you it was him. &gt;&gt; I can tell you it's a pillar of fire. &gt;&gt; I can tell you it's none other than the Lord Jesus Christ, &gt;&gt; the resurrected one that was there. &gt;&gt; But the circumstances, I never created the situation. Jacob never created the situation. You maybe never create the situation. Life has its certain kinds of circumstances that happen in your life. But I can tell you they that hunger and thirst after righteousness, they will be met by this one. &gt;&gt; And to what degree, I do not know. Maybe that perhaps was something that I experienced and I I it's incumbent upon me to share it to you because God is no respector of persons. He wants to and you have to believe this. He wants to meet you. &gt;&gt; If you'll just take the time, &gt;&gt; if you'll just allow the hunger, listen, the world and everything that is taking place in your life, I don't have to tell you. You don't have to tell me. Your life is busy, is it not? &gt;&gt; Your life is busy. Your life is occupied. But it's taking away. It's taking away from that that time that God you have to give some time over to him. It just can't it just doesn't happen when we're roaring around and racing around and we're where our lives are so filled with things of the world. And that's why the scripture said and I majored on it last week looking while we look not at the things which are seen. this whole life, all of this activity, there has to be, we we still have to deal with it, but we need to we absolutely must, not need, we must turn uh at least within our focus and our attention, within our being, turn from that. So that doesn't have the importance anymore. &gt;&gt; It's still there. &gt;&gt; It doesn't have the same realm of importance. It is this. The prophet said, "Abraham," and he's certainly no different than any of us here. He had certain desires. He said, "Abraham, he saw Sarah all wrinkled up and old, but he said he didn't look at that and he didn't look at the deadness of his own body." This is real. It's Abraham your father &gt;&gt; in the faith. &gt;&gt; Abraham, he said he looked to the unseen. What did he look at? He said he looked to the unseen and he saw Isaac &gt;&gt; in that message looking to the unseen. He looked to the unseen and he saw Isaac. &gt;&gt; He saw the promise. &gt;&gt; He saw it in a in a substance form. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham spoke about seeing God. And I want to take you to this little example now. And this was in Show us Us another service. Brother Brandham is up in the mountains. This is simple, friends, but it's profoundly deep. He's up in the mountains and there's a storm. This is part of the circumstance now. There's a storm. He's out hunting. He's out in a storm and uh and it was a severe storm and after the storm let up, he said, "I got out from behind a tree and I stood there." The reason I'm taking this time is to make it so down to earth to bring it into your into your sphere. This isn't something that's way out there untouchable. This is something that this congregation and I wouldn't be speaking this if God didn't have the intent. He wants this time with you. He wants to bring you into a an experience not so that it is uh something that is just a good feeling for you. It's more than that friends. &gt;&gt; I'm talking about preserving you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm talking about preserving the life, the home, the individual. This is what preserves us. &gt;&gt; I've seen God and I am preserved. And he said, he said he came out and way back in the west, the sun was beginning to go across the crevices of the rock, peeking through. said that great allseeing eye of God moving down like that. He says, "And I noticed where the evergreens were froze, where the rain had been and it formed a rainbow across the valley." I'm just stopping here. I'm going to ask you in case you want something deep. This is perhaps deeper than you even realize. I'm relating now something that had such an effect on the prophet of God. It created an atmosphere. It created a scenario that brought him into an incredible experience. And he went on to say, and brother, he said, you talk about deep calling to deep, not shallow calling to shallow, deep calling to deep. And he's referring to what was happening right now. The deep calling to the deep. He said, "I looked at that and I set my rifle against a tree and I raised up my hands and I said, "Oh, great Jehovah, how wonderful. I see the rainbow." He said, "Could you see God in the rainbow?" Certainly. He said, "God gave that as a covenant and he'd no more destroy the world with water." He said, "God was in the rainbow." Then I seen it in Revelations 1 when the rainbow was across the throne and where Jesus was standing a covenant of God had made with the people. Then he went on he says how marvelous. I looked at that tears began to run down my cheeks. I listened. Now I've been with brother Brandham many, many days and in a lot of different services and been in his office, been in his home. We ate together. I never saw him with tears streaming down his face, but now he's in an experience where tears are streaming down his face. He says, "I listened and away over here the elk herd had all got scattered during the time of the storm and the old males would bugle." And he says, "And you could hear them bugling one to another." Now catch this. My mother's half Indian, half Cherokee Indian, and there's just enough about me to make me love that nature. Something down in there calling out my conversion didn't even take that out. So something within him, and now this is critical. There had to be something within Jacob. There had to be something within you &gt;&gt; in order for the the I won't just say the message. I'm going to talk about the essence of the message, the spirit of the word, the atmosphere of the word that when you heard it, it was different. Yeah. I never heard anything like this. I never felt this way. I'm so moved. I'm so filled with hunger. I'm so thirsting. I'm so craving. I I have such a desire that even things in your life change. Maybe maybe uh goals and and things that you thought were so important, they begin to change and they pale in their importance, they don't they don't they don't really make a great difference in your life anymore. Are you following me? You had, you know, you had aspirations and you had goals and you had things that you wanted to achieve and they seemed so important to you. And one day you'll find, you may well find, I can't say to everybody, but you may well find somebody sitting here and you'll find it doesn't hold the same attraction for me anymore. I had such a desire to achieve this and to do this and to accomplish something and it doesn't hold. It just it just fluttered down and you don't have that attraction anymore. You might say uh am I just getting too old or why why doesn't it have why am I not gripped by this anymore? Even as a young person, I can tell you as a young man, there were things that other young men were desiring and it didn't hold the attraction for me. You can do this, you can be that, you can get here, you can achieve this, you're you're wasting your time here, you can do that, but it didn't hold the attraction. Maybe at one time it did. And and you may be here and it and somehow that was seemed so appealing. That's what seemed so necessary. That's what seemed so much your your goal in life isn't there anymore. &gt;&gt; I'll tell you why. God's dealing with you. &gt;&gt; God's speaking to you. Maybe there's a Jacob here. Maybe there's a young woman or any person here and you're saying, "Oh, brother, brother Ed, you're you're talking about me now. You're right here where I live. I'm going to give you some advice." Number one, first and foremost, that comes from the message, comes from the scriptures. Get alone. &gt;&gt; Just get alone. &gt;&gt; Get alone someplace. and get out. You say, "God, I know this is not just me. I know this must be you." And then I heard it in that service. What is it? What is it that you wish to say? Your servant is listening. Your child is listening. Your daughter's listening. Your son is listening. I guarantee you, you'll sense you'll sense a presence. It's not earthly. It's beyond earthly. It's another place. I said, God, you know, I just I just want to convey to you so much. I I go back to the vindication and brother Brandham, you can go to these messages. Soon as I go to the messages, show us the father. Sir, we would see Jesus. I always scroll down to the end because I know that God is setting up a he's setting up a scene. He's setting up he's setting the service up. He's setting the people up. And he even sets a trap up for the unbeliever. &gt;&gt; And you can go to this message and he'll come right down to it and he'll say to he said to this woman, "Oh, you're very nervous." He says it all the time. And he says, "You have uh forget was some throat problem. you have a problem in your throat. He said, "Now," he said, "I feel it all the time." And he turns the congregation. Somebody out there said, "I guessed that." &gt;&gt; He said, "I didn't guess that." Turns back to the woman said, "I I don't know what I said to you because it wasn't me. It was him." &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. He said, "Uh, and you have another thing. You have headaches. Who doesn't have headaches? You know, God in such a special way sets a sets a trap so an unbeliever can disbelieve. He actually invites an unbeliever or a doubter, go ahead and doubt it. And then they already get in that atmosphere. They already get in a doubtful atmosphere. And then he turns around and he says, "Would it help you if I tell you who you are now?" And begins to tell her, "And you've got another thing. You've you're praying for two children. One of them's got a tumor on the hip. Would it help you now if I told you who you are?" When I get down to that point, I say, "That's the one. That's the one that I'm speaking to. &gt;&gt; That's the one that's that's the one that I'm feeling." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The one that could do that. Oh, God. &gt;&gt; I want to be near that one. &gt;&gt; That's the one that knows how to preserve you. &gt;&gt; And that's the one you need to see. &gt;&gt; And when you see him, you're going to be preserved because the next time you're you're just into a message. And let me tell you something. When you're reading a message, you've got you're actually reading a preserving power &gt;&gt; because not you're not just reading some words, but you it it it there's a word that is called it elicits something. There's a certain uh uh a a certain atmosphere that's a certain amount of uh certain uh scenario God brings certain circumstances and and certain atmosphere that you're in your situation right now wherever you are each one of you have your s you mothers you're you know well I got my children around me I've got a I've got home to make and I've got meals to make and I've got a little this you're not beyond God being able to meet with you in a very special way. I don't care what what what your situation is, brothers, where you are, where you work. I'm trying to bulldoze my way through that &gt;&gt; because all of that has been and all of that will continue to be. I'm trying to show you a light in the middle of it. &gt;&gt; That what I'm speaking of is not in the realm of the impossible. It's a realm of the possible. &gt;&gt; It's not the realm of the unreachable. It's within your reach. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; God's not afraid of your situation. He's not afraid of your occupation. He's not afraid of your profession. He not afraid of anything. He not afraid of your financial situation. He not afraid of anything. He wants to he wants to have that special visitation with you. And here you'll find even this situation here, the prophet of God and the storm comes and all the rest of it. And then that God will speak to him said, "I come and walk with me." Amen. &gt;&gt; Isn't that profound? &gt;&gt; Come and walk with me. Say, "Oh, I'd like to see some incredible miracles. I'd like to have some uh incredible revelation." I tell you what, you can get no greater revelation than find a place where God will want you to walk with him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; A holy God. Yes. &gt;&gt; Wanting to be with you, wanting to be with me. &gt;&gt; You see, there has to be something within the individual. You come to a service like this, and I'm going to be honest. I'm going to be honest. It breaks my heart. I know that there's people I know that there's individuals and they come to an atmosphere like this. And I know that there's a certain atmosphere. I know that some are being very very affected. And if I were you, I might not be here next Sunday. Who knows? But I would want to say this. If I were you and you're sitting here and you say, "Doesn't affect me. I have no feeling whatsoever. I have no desire whatsoever." Do you know what I'd be doing? I'd run &gt;&gt; down to this altar. I'd pound my fist if I need to. Oh God, don't leave me. &gt;&gt; Don't leave me at the mercy of these elements. &gt;&gt; Don't leave me at the mercy of this of this of the situation that's in this world. A world that's filled with violence and according to the messenger, insanity. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Is it so? &gt;&gt; Is it so? If it makes sense to you, you're in a different planet than I am. It's just such an insanity. And I don't want to be left to the elements. I don't want to be left to the conditions. I don't want to be left to this world. I say, "Oh God, deliver me from that." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Preserve me from that. In case you're real smart, I'm not being facitious, but in case you got things, I got things under my control. I I can handle things. Then I'm going to give you an invitation. Come to my office this next week and I'll give you a few problems to solve. If you're really smart, I'll give you a few problems to solve so it'll be done right. &gt;&gt; Outside of that, if you don't have that kind of an answer, I have an answer. &gt;&gt; And the answer is you can see God. &gt;&gt; You can see God. &gt;&gt; You can see God. You might be able to see him in nature. You might be able to see him in his people. But above all things, you need to see him in his word. You need to be able to look into that message and have a a a situation, have an atmosphere, have something take place where you're you're actually spoken to by a person. &gt;&gt; Not I just read some words in the book, but you're spoken to by a person and you can feel and you sense him and he's near and begins to permeate through your being and you look upon it and say, "Oh, God." It might be that you even look there and you have to wrestle with the angel. What angel? The angel that actually brought the message. The prophet speaks about that. Speaks about the message in the angel. &gt;&gt; I hope I'm not over your head. The message is no different from the angel that brought the message. &gt;&gt; This is the same person. &gt;&gt; And that's the one you seek to touch. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's the one you seek to know. That's the one you seek to see. I want to see you, Lord. &gt;&gt; I don't want to just read some words or read a quote or read a scripture. I want to see you behind it. &gt;&gt; I know what it is to read scripture and look at the scripture and I I say to myself, I know that there's something so much more here. And I I feel the effect of it. Maybe I have an emotion. Maybe tears come to my eyes. It's so wonderful. It's so glorious. It's so it's so just marvelous the way it's spoken and come into an atmosphere. Friends, if you don't get to see him, if you don't take my advice this morning, you're going to drift someplace. Someplace along the road you're going to drift because the preserving power is not there. See this Bible? This Bible is read by almost every church in the country. &gt;&gt; It's loved. It's memorized. But it doesn't sustain the people. &gt;&gt; If just reading the Bible does that, then why don't you go and live the same life that they live if it's okay? But you say, "Well, there's something in my soul that says it's not okay. &gt;&gt; I can't live there." &gt;&gt; I can't live at that standard. So, is it just a standard? No, it's not just a standard. No, it's not just a code of ethics. Has nothing to do with just wearing a dress and having your hair certain way and and being in a certain fashion. Has nothing to do with that. It has to do with the fact that a person reads, one person reads it doesn't mean the next another thing, but they love it. They love the literature. They love it because they believe it's God's word, but the next person reads it and actually has a has an encounter with the author. &gt;&gt; That's why the prophet says, "I I maybe can't say it just right, but I know the author real well." Amen. &gt;&gt; Not might not be able to Greek and Hebrew the thing and put it into flowery language, but I know the author real well. &gt;&gt; That is what you as individuals need to come to. Say, "Oh God, I'm coming out of this service with one." Whether you understand anything I said, I hope that when you leave these doors, say, "Brother Ed, by the Holy Spirit, it created a great desire within me, a great thirst in me to have that kind of an encounter. Amen. &gt;&gt; Furthermore, I tell you, it's yours. &gt;&gt; It's for you. &gt;&gt; And God perhaps wants it even more than you do. They all read this. And multitudes, untold multitudes, read the message. And that doesn't interest me right now. How much you read the message or what you know about the message. I'd like to know what you know about the author. &gt;&gt; I'd like to know when the last time you talked with him when you actually had an encounter with him. It'll do something for you. Do you know what it'll do? It will not not only transform you, it'll preserve you. &gt;&gt; Amen. You're going to go out those doors and tomorrow you're going to face you're going to face everything that there is in the world. You young people are going to start school and you're going to face everything hellish. I couldn't describe it accurately enough or you'd be depressed. But there's even your instructors and who knows what's in them. What kind of spirit is that? What kind of uncleanness will they live? Are you following me? &gt;&gt; And you're going to have them as your teachers and instructors. You can't change that. &gt;&gt; That's the way it is. That's the way it's going to be. &gt;&gt; But you can have had an experience maybe on the day before and the Sunday or maybe that morning and you've just read a little something or you're meditating. David said, "I pondered I meditated. I mused. And they all have different meaning. I meditated. You know what meditate is? They have meditation today that just, you know, like the Eastern religions, you know, well, we meditate. It's all silent. If you look at meditate in the in the word, it says it growl. &gt;&gt; I moaned. I growled. Oh, God. That's meditating. Isn't that strange? &gt;&gt; That's different than you thought it was, isn't it? &gt;&gt; And then I am mused. I pondered. I thought in the night time, what are you thinking about your problems? How you going to pay a bill? How about thinking about meeting this one? I wonder if tomorrow will be a special day and I'll meet him. I I hope you're not weary with my service. &gt;&gt; I'm going to I'm going to belabor this because this is so important. It means more to me to have a congregation of people that actually come to church the next meeting time say I I met God. &gt;&gt; I read an email just before I got it while I was in the study and a woman wrote and said I've been my 16-year-old son. I want to I want to tell you what happened. And it was pages long. Tell you that gave me a lot of encouragement. The woman says, "Whatever you're doing, keep on doing it." &gt;&gt; It's making a change. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. With whatever God has given, whatever experience God has given me, I pour it out to you. I give it to you. Whatever zeal, whatever, and then you pass it on to others. &gt;&gt; I'm saying to this congregation, it's not enough to say, "Well, a prophet met God." You want to be able to say, you have to be able to say, "I met God." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I have seen him. Yes. &gt;&gt; When I look in the word, I don't see a bunch of dos and don'ts. People say, "Oh, I can't do this. I can't do that, and I can't have my friends." Nonsense. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Absolute nonsense. &gt;&gt; It's not a bunch of dos and don'ts. It's a person. &gt;&gt; I'm going to be really blunt with you. I got my wife back there 54 years. I say, "Well, what do you know? I got my wife. I can't run around. I can't do this. I can't have other girlfriend. And what kind of life is this? What kind of marriage would that be? &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; I have no desire, &gt;&gt; no ambition. &gt;&gt; It doesn't excite me a bit &gt;&gt; to be with my wife. That's the thing that's in life. That's what's important in life. &gt;&gt; What kind of relationship? Brother Brandham says if he's going to go overseas, his wife took him by the tie and pulled him by the tie and said, "Listen here, William Brandham, Bill Brandham, don't you, you know, don't you have any eyes for any other person? Don't you do this and don't you do that?" He asked, "What what kind of marriage would that be?" Say, "Well, I've got a piece of paper hangs on the wall says I'm married." So what what's a piece of paper do? I get a lot of joy out of the piece of paper. It's something that's inside. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It's a love your youth. It's a love of your first love. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You can enjoy your first love. &gt;&gt; I'm just tired when people say, "Well, you know, the message become kind of a dragged out and kind of," you know what I mean? It hasn't become dragged out. &gt;&gt; It's more exciting today. I see more in the message today than I've ever seen in my life. &gt;&gt; I get more out of it today. &gt;&gt; That's absolutely the truth. I get more out of it today than I did 30 years ago. &gt;&gt; It's more precious and more wonderful. He's more wonderful. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Going to be done in just a few moments. There's a whole whole segment here on this very part. The scripture says that when he shall appear, when Christ who is our life shall appear, then shall you also appear with him in glory. How come? It's his appearing and you seeing the appearing that actually has that effect upon you. Then I will appear &gt;&gt; with him &gt;&gt; in glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; When you see him, who is he? He's the living word. &gt;&gt; He's a manifested word. He's the word. Why did he manifest? Why did he reveal himself? Tell me, congregation, he reveal himself so you can see him. &gt;&gt; That's the only purpose. He reveals himself. He manifests himself. That's what the prophet was saying all the time. Show us the father. I would see Jesus. We would see Jesus curse. We would see Jesus. Why did he preach it over and over again? So that the people could see him. &gt;&gt; And furthermore, I wish I had another hour. I could tell you that this last age is the age I don't want to shock you now, but this may stun some of you. You cannot expect a rapture unless you see him. Right. &gt;&gt; Anybody that thinks I'm just going to tood along here, I'm just going to coasting along and oh, I'm just looking for the rapture. I'm just looking for the rapture. I say you better get your sights changed because you you've got to see him first. Not just see certain doctrines in the message, but you have to see him, the person. &gt;&gt; You have to encounter. You must encounter. And it's not just a must, you must do it, but it's there for you. I'm even trying to lead you into it in a very elementary way, trying to teach you like a class. You can do it. You absolutely can do it. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, I can't. I can't." When's the last time you took a message and then you Abraham never looked with his eyes would see an old wrinkled woman. many years past the time of life to have children. But he looked at the unseen &gt;&gt; and he saw Isaac. When I read those words, I don't think, "Oh, wasn't it wonderful, Abraham?" I say, "Oh, God, let me see my Isaac. &gt;&gt; Let me see my promise." What is my promise? I want I I wanted to be able to be read of us and these people that were filled and who were actually delivered out of an hour of corruption. &gt;&gt; They were delivered out of an hour of corruption and I they were so changed by my atmosphere by my presence. My presence is coming. &gt;&gt; I'm just starting friends. His coming &gt;&gt; is his presence is his person. &gt;&gt; We quote Revelation 10:1. And a mighty angel descended. It was his coming. It's his personal presence coming for one purpose to transform the people so they can see their promise. &gt;&gt; And their promises. See, you were real quiet when I looked about the penal system. talked about our crime and talked about violence and talked about our things that are going on right around you in your world in your day in your community in your city. We talk about that. We talk about the homeless people and talk about all of these things. When we talk about that, you're very, very quiet, but it happens to be a reality. &gt;&gt; But the promise of this day is not that that shall have an effect upon us. We're living in it and we're called out of it. We have been called out of it. But the promise is the promise of this of this hour is a change of the body. You've heard it many times. And the rapture and the change and a and a translation. That's our promise. I can't see that happening outside of a people having a relationship with Jesus Christ. And I am saying to you as your brother, as your friend, and if you regard me as your pastor, that is your p per that is your portion that actually belongs to you. And you can go out these doors or you can stay in your seat after this service and say, "I claim that portion. I claim this personal presence because I'm in that I'm in that time. I'm in that age." And don't let the devil take it out of you. Don't let Don't let the cares of this life take it out of you. This belongs to you. &gt;&gt; I'm not done. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandon spoke to some people and he's trying to bring them into this atmosphere and he says, "If we could get everybody in this church in that atmosphere," you know what his next statement was? There wouldn't be one person in a wheelchair. &gt;&gt; There won't be one sick person here in the next 45 minutes. Now that's a challenge. &gt;&gt; And did it change from then till now? &gt;&gt; Not one bit. I believe that if if a if a people came into some kind of a unified place, some kind of heavenly place, some kind of atmosphere where all things are possible. I believe without without any doubt in my mind, I believe that supernatural would have to happen. &gt;&gt; The supernatural could not be held back. Amen. You couldn't hold it back. &gt;&gt; In the message, we're going to close now. Winding down. In the message called out, he said, Jesus said, "As it was in the days of Sodom and Gomorra, so will it be in the days of the Son of Man." In the days that the son of man is revealed from heaven, he said, you see the message when the son of man is revealed from heaven. You see the message when the son of man is revealed from heaven in the time of decision. He said the Bible said that these days would come and there would be a famine in the land, not a bread and water for hearing the true word, but of hearing the true word of God. And the people would go from east to west, from the north to the south seeking to hear the true word of God. And here we are privileged tonight to see the message of God, the angel of God. I'm going to just stop there. I have several others. Here we are privileged today to see the message of God, the angel of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. The very next time you pick up a message book and begin to read it, I'm talking to this entire congregation and all who are on the streaming. Next time you pick up a message book, I want you to remember these words. You're not just looking upon a message, but you're looking upon the angel of God. And that's why you have a right. You might say, "Oh, brother brother Ed, I think you've gone over. I think you've stepped over the line." Well, I'll tell you to prove it to yourself. You just start talking to God about that. And you start telling him, I believe that the angel of God, the angel of the covenant, none other than Jesus Christ resurrected, is here presently now and is inspiring these words to me. &gt;&gt; Something of a special nature right now. Something special is speaking to me out of this word. Just these two or three lines are special. And you just keep hovering over it. God, brother Biscll just told me this is the angel of the Lord. This is the angel. When you read the scriptures, you can say it's the author, the one, my bridegroom is the author of this. But when you read the message, I tell you what, important to have the message because the message, the end time message is meets the end time conditions. That's right. &gt;&gt; And I can tell you friends, if this is the last service I'd ever speak, your government isn't going to sol solve it. And all of the agencies and all the institutions and all the charities and everything that is being done and all the religion is not going to solve it. Look at the look at all the religion. Look at all the all all we have. Look at all the television. Look at everything that's going on. Why is the world in the state that it's in? I can tell you that the elect of God that God has called, that God has revealed himself to, they have been called. You you if you sense it or you have a witness that you're elect of God, let me tell you once again, I'm repeating it over and over and over, God has elected you to meet with him and have a personal encounter with him. &gt;&gt; And when you have that, friends, Why am I preaching this? Because I don't want to go into this camp and just have a repetition of people around the altar and having some kind of an emotional experience. I don't care if you never came to the altar. If you came from home and said, "Brother Ed, that what you talked about last night, what you talked about Sunday morning, I had that last night." I was in my room and he came to me there. I felt a strange presence. I opened up the scripture. I opened up a message. But I listened to a certain message and he came to me. It's a transforming experience. This is what I pray for you. And this is what I'm praying for this for this camp that we're coming into. Why am I preaching this way? Look at friends. It hasn't. Please, please understand me. The congregation here happens to be a very unique congregation. You got people from South America. I'm looking at right now. people from people from the colony, people from Bosnia, people from all over. I spoke with brother Jake and sister Aana at the wedding last night. I didn't say anything at the reception of the wedding. Brother John took the wedding. My wife said, "One of the most lovely weddings she's been to. So beautiful, so simple, and so wonderful." I spoke with the mother and father of Sister Esther last night. I said, 'Now, and here's where I see things, and this is where I'm at this morning. Isn't it strange? I said, ' There's two young people sitting there at the head table. Both of them come from just a few miles apart in Manitoba. &gt;&gt; Both of them come here for the word. &gt;&gt; Only for the word. And both of them with their special struggles came here for the word. I sat and counseledled with them as they moved towards their marriage. I had a great affinity with them. I and my wife said, "Isn't it amazing what what is the reasoning behind God that they come each of them from two different directions but from the same place 1500 miles and then when they arrive here they meet one another in a different way in different fashion and end up as husband and wife. Oh, is that just some light thing that happens? I don't think so. I think you'd read that in the economy of God. I think you'll find out some answer about that on the other side. And then where do you come from? And why are you here? I look at some from California and I see some from Missouri and Oklahoma and wherever they are. Some from Alaska and some from Europe and some from Germany and some from the UK and some from South South Africa and some from this place and that place. Hey, you're not being paid to be here. Why are you here? &gt;&gt; I want you to come to that. Why am I here? &gt;&gt; And you need to be able to come to the conclusion because the almighty one led me to this spot. &gt;&gt; And because he's led me to this spot, I have a certain responsibility. I have a certain and the pastor is laying it upon us this morning that we that have been given something. We that have been given whatever measure we've been given. We have that measure to disperse and to dispense with one way or another. I don't care whether it's a washing a dish. I don't care whether it's sending out a hub. I don't care. It did be good to walk into the office and see brother Darren Hoffman with his 15year-old son working at taking and uploading the messages and doing whatever they could with them. I don't understand it. I'm glad it's not my job, but I'm glad that we're being able to send out a a a measure that God gave us. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you, as your friend, don't ever think for a minute, oh well, what brother Biscll spoke about this morning, that's just his experience &gt;&gt; and that's just Brother Brandham's experience. That's not so. Amen. &gt;&gt; That can be your experience. &gt;&gt; A wonderful experience with God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Every one of you. And listen, are you listening? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, you know, I tried it next week and it didn't work." Oh my. Is that all it's worth? Is that all it's worth is next week? Isn't it worth more than that? &gt;&gt; Yes, it is worth more than that. &gt;&gt; And if he won't meet me next week, I'll be there the next week. And if it's not this month, I'll be there next month. And if it's not this year, it'll be next year. And whatever it takes, I'm going to be there available. And let him choose the time. And let him choose the place. But I want him to know I'm ready now. And I'll be ready next week. And I through the camp, I'll be ready. And if he doesn't do anything then, oh, I know that it's such a reality. I'll be there when he wants to do it. &gt;&gt; God bless you. I'll ask you to bow your head in prayer. Gracious Father, what unusual times these are, Lord. What an unusual service for myself, oh God. and to realize, Lord, we're seeking to bring the people down. I know that they know the message, but now we want, oh God, to introduce them to the essence of it, to the very person of it, the person of the word. Oh God, I pray that you'll grant it in the name of Jesus Christ. As we're coming to the close of this particular service and we have the young man to be baptized, I pray, Father, as he's preparing now and making ready, may the Holy Spirit hover over him, oh God. And how I prayed already this morning, that you would bring him up out of the water full of the Holy Ghost. Fill him, oh God, so that his life will be transformed from this day forward in the name of Jesus Christ. And for your glory, and your glory alone, I ask it. Amen. Amen. Brother Beniah is being baptized. And if you'll just go, I trust you were able to really catch. So just for this couple moments now why did I why did I refer to all the violence and all the things that the government's saying about it is because they realize listen closely now they realize that and a person looks just looking at something and hearing words it elicits a reaction from them &gt;&gt; and they become aggressive. &gt;&gt; They become that from what they see and what they hear. &gt;&gt; Understand? Then I shifted it over to the word and what you see. If you just see in there, well, this is the way I'm supposed to act as a husband. This is the way I'm supposed to be as a young person. This is what I'm supposed to be. This is what I can do and this is what I can't do. If that's all you see, there'll be no supernatural change. But when you're looking, and this all I want to inform you of this morning, when you're looking at it and you are in expectation, it will those words will elicit, not illicit, elicit, draw out a response. Then I shifted to brother Brandham. There's a storm and he sees the rainbow crystals in the frozen crystals and he hears the elk bugling, one answering the other. And he hears a gray wolf howl and he looks at that and it elicits in him a response. And what's he do? Oh great Jehovah. And he tells you why. He said, "I saw God." &gt;&gt; He didn't just see some frozen trees. He didn't just hear a wolf howl. He just didn't hear an elk bugle. He saw God. &gt;&gt; It elicited a vision. Jacob wrestled with a man. But when he was done, he saw God. &gt;&gt; Didn't just see a man. Just didn't have a wrestling match. But the whole experience elicited out of him, brought out of him, drew out of him a response. And the reason why it could do that was because he was elected to it in the first place. &gt;&gt; To a lot of people, it won't mean anything. &gt;&gt; But to you and I, &gt;&gt; it means everything. &gt;&gt; A lot of people read the message doesn't mean anything. But to others, it brings it elicits. I want to use that word. It evokes as it were it it it brings a a stimulus out of stimulates a person to the experience. Another person has it and it doesn't mean anything. I went to church. Another person says, "I heard things that changed my life forever." &gt;&gt; Stand, will you please? Thank you for your time, your kind attention, your very kind congregation. Those of you that are visiting, it's been a long service. There's no service tonight as we know. I want to sing Linda same song. He's the same God. Spoke to the woman at the well. And I say to you, he's the same God that wrestled with Jacob. He's the same God that just a few years ago stood at the platform and that cannot change. If you think somehow it's something less, it will be less. But if you think if you think say in your heart, I'm in agreement with you. Oh, I'm with you, brother Ed. That's what I'd like to have the congregation. I'd like you to come forward in your spirit and say, I'm with you. I believe that. I believe in that experience you had. And I believe that that same one that's in automobile is my Lord. That's my God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The same God who spoke to the woman at the well. The same God is wonders. Too many to tell. The same God who parted the raing sea. He's the same God who's wearing me. Well, the same God God spoke to the woman at the well. The same God who wonders too many to hell. The same God who parted the raing. Oh, he's the same God who's living in me. &gt;&gt; There's been a change in me. There's been a change in me. Since Jesus set me free. I've been to Calary. I'm born again. I cannot turn around. My kingom solid ground. Someday I'll wear a ground. Oh, what a change. Amen. You may be seated. God bless you. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; We have Baniah Dick standing in the waters of baptism with me this morning. And it's very appropriate because we're going into camp. And I asked brother Banana when did God deal with you? He said it was at last camp. So I feel that this is just uh an example of a great harvest that we're going to expect from our from our families and children that are in the church. Brother Vaniah has a great desire for the things of God. That doesn't come from man. It doesn't come from a father. Doesn't come from a mother. That desire comes from God. And brother Baniah has been asking his father to be baptized for how long? Baniah? about a year. So I asked Brother Vaniah, I said, "When dad said to wait, how did you feel?" Did you just turn around say, "Well, maybe next time, but how did you feel?" Said, "Brother, brother Tom, I felt just a little disappointed because this is what I want. This is what I'm desiring." The Bible says this in Acts 2, and we read it often. It said, "When they'd heard this, they were pricricked within their hearts." That means they were moved in the inner man. They desired something. They saw the word manifested, and that's what they desired. They wanted God, a living reality. Brother Vaniah just doesn't want to get wet this morning. He wants the living reality of a burning god within his soul. He also has felt pricked in his heart and he has said also, "What must I do to get filled with God?" And we had a wonderful time around the word. Brother Baniah, maybe you'd like to say what God's been dealing with you. &gt;&gt; I just want to thank everybody for if they they might not think they've influenced anything, but Everybody's been a part. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Everybody's had a part to play. Counselors, ministry, brothers and sisters that have given their time. May God bless you. God bless you, brother Vaniah, for your desire for the things of God. Let's bow our heads and make a prayer. Lord, a great cry came out one day when the word of God was fulfilled. what must we do? And the word responded back, repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Lord, Brother Baniah this morning has a great desire within his soul to be filled with God. Lord, over the last few meetings, Lord, that's what he's desired. as Jacob had an encounter. May he have an encounter with that same pillar of fire. Lord God, he's wrestled with it and now he's surrendering. He's offering himself and asking, Lord, here am I. Fill me. I commit him to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, take this young man and use him for the kingdom. Let the fire of God burn deep within his soul. Use him. We pray in Jesus name. And brother Baniah, by your confession that Jesus Christ is your savior, I baptize you in true Christian baptism in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; How many know the song Face to Face with Christ my Savior? Can I see your hands? Couple more. Wonderful song. Surely you know it. And did you raise your hand? You did. Okay. I know. Hey. Oh. Um, do we have it in the book there? &gt;&gt; 978. &gt;&gt; 978. I'm going to need a lot of power here. Do you know this one, Brother Derek? How many are you going to learn it? Oh my, that's absolutely wonderful. Hallelujah. You know it, brother Paul. All right, somebody reach brother Paul a microphone. Come up here, Brother Paul, and help us out. Who else knows it real well? All right. Come on, Jake. Come on, brother Paul. We We need We need to We need the senior choir. Come, Brother Gabriel. All right. We got a lot of strength here. Brother Andes, you know it. Of course you do. Why don't you come up here as well? Do we have enough microphones? Yes. All right. Isn't this a nice impromptu choir? Hallelujah. Any other man want to join us here? Brother Codle, do you know it? You don't. All right. All right. Your brother's going to Okay. Give us a lot of support. You know it. Real wonderful. All right. First verse. Have we have the first verse up? face to face with Christ my Sior. Face to face, what will it be? When with rapture I behold him, Jesus Christ to die for me. Face to face the night. Far beyond the starry sky. Face to face in all his glory. I shall see him and do the third verse please. Third verse. What? of rejoicing in his presence. When our plan is free and when the crooked ways are straight and the dark stand we sing the chorus now face to face I behold him far beyond the starry sky. to praise him in all his glory. I shall see him by and &gt;&gt; now before we sing it again, just remember the author when they wrote this one. Was that Fanny Crosby? &gt;&gt; Pardon? Yes. Fanny Crosby sang uh this song because she was blind. And I believe it was it's reported that she said she sees much more blind &gt;&gt; than most people do with their sight. And she was inspired and wrote this and that was for her age. If I take the entire if I take the entire substance of the message, I have to say you on the authority of the word of God, it's your portion. Not to see him in the by and by, but to see him absolutely right now. &gt;&gt; And that does not take away that we shall see him in his corporal body. Brother Brandham talks about seeing him in his corporal body. But we can see him now in reality. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And when you read the words, you're reading his words. &gt;&gt; And let that let that draw you in. Let that elicit an experience for you. I want to see not one, two, I hope that there's a a lot of people that send me a text, send me an email, shake my hand, and say that service set my direction. And I would not settle for anything less than that kind of meeting with God. &gt;&gt; Don't come and whimper to me that that's what you want. Go and get it and then come back and tell me I had it. &gt;&gt; All right. Street to face shall I behold him. Far beyond the starry sky face to face in all his glory. I shall see him by and one more time. Praise his face and I behold him far on the starry sky. Face to face in all his glory. I shall see him by and by. Amen. We'll just remain here if you would. Brother brother brother West Nygard. I feel to have you come and close us in prayer. While our brother Wes leads us in prayer, maybe you might want to raise your hand and say, "Brother brother Biscll, I'm set in a certain direction. I have a new vision this morning and I my my hunger has been wetted. My thirst has is has increased and God will meet that for you." come by the last place. Let's bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, Lord God, we thank you for the word that you brought to us this morning. Father God, you saw each and every one of us here this morning in our place. Lord God, you know what each one of us needed, Lord God. Father, you have brought us a word, a message that will preserve us, Lord God. There is nothing else that will hold us, Lord God. Nothing else that will preserve us but your word, Lord God. Father, it is our deep desire to go farther, deeper, higher with you, Lord God. Father God, to be drawn closer to you, Lord God. Heavenly Father, to be a reflection of you here on earth, Lord God. Father, we would grant it to be the greatest privilege, Lord God, to be living testimonies for you. And we thank you for where you've brought us to, Lord God. Father, we thank you for manifesting your word in our life, Father. We thank you for revealing yourself in our life. But Lord God, we desire to draw closer. We desire more of you, Father. And we believe, Lord God, that you've lifted us higher. You've given us one more word to draw closer to you, a preserving word, Lord God. That, Father, as we leave here this morning, Lord God, that we're walking closer with you, Father. Lord God, it is our desire, Father, to receive our promise, Lord, that you've given us, Lord. Father, we thank you for the word that you've given us. We thank you for the ministry that you've given us, Lord. Father, we ask that you bless the gift, Lord God. Bless the man. Rejuvenate the man he's given of himself this morning, Lord God. Be with each and every one of us now as we go our separate way, Lord God. Father, may the word be an everpresent thought upon our mind, upon our heart. May we meditate on it. May we dwell upon it, Father. Lord God, may it not go in one ear and out the other. But Father, may it drop down into our heart, down into our soul, and know, Lord God, that it will be the only thing that will preserve us. There is no government. There is no other man. It's only you that will preserve us, Father. Lord, be with us now. Be with each and every one of us from the oldest to the youngest to each and everyone. We thank you, Lord God. We love you. We praise you, Father. There's no other father like you. We love you. Go with us now. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; We dismiss you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Trust you. Go out with more than what you came in. You're dismissed in Jesus name. And may greet one another. Thank you. Hallelujah. I see you. I see you. Heat. Heat.
