################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2008-06-18 - v08 0618 The Mystery Of Christ In You Pt 1-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada) - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2008-06-18
Title:    v08 0618 The Mystery Of Christ In You Pt 1-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada)
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 55m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bDpE7uP2b-Q
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Music] If I could but touch him tonight. If I could but touch the hand of his garment. [Music] I know I s if I could touch him. I know I sing it one more time. If I could baptize the h of his garment. If I could find some hill, I know I [Music] If I could not touch him, I know I will. [Music] Oh my good. I know I [Music] don't. [Music] If I do my passion, I know I Amen. It's manifesting time. The course it's manifesting time [Music] Oh, it's sading time and the fruits are on the loving one is coming in for God's chosen bride and royal. He's that lovely one is coming in. The first verse. The voice of my beloved beholding quickly come sweeping over the mountains, over the rock. Oh, I love to hear his voice and I love to hear him say, "Arise, come away." Oh, it's manesting time and the fruits are on the lovely one. He's coming in for God's chosen bride. Redemption run. He's that one. He's coming in. The last verse in the cl of the rock in the secret place so high till the break and the shadows they flee away. Oh in that mountain place a sweet sound coming through. He's a loving one. He's coming in flame. [Music] It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is only you. Oh God, redemption right now. He's that one. He's coming in. It's manifesting time. The fruits are all in the loy. Oh God, redemption ro. He's that lovely one. He's coming in. [Music] Amen. Praise God. We're going to go to prayer at this time. Ask brother John Andy's, Brother John, if you just come and open service in a word of prayer. We have a a testimony uh here. I think it was missed on on Sunday, but uh how many remember brother Gary uh Walker from New Zealand who had that accident about 7 months ago? There's just a little note here. It says um uh as of last Thursday, he's been let out of the hospital after 7 months. as he mentioned the accident they had in New Zealand. The hospital presented him with a certificate of outstanding perseverance uh unfailing support for his wife and family and friends and inspiration of the staff and the patients and also inspired the staff to be more united amongst themselves. And they've got written here, brother Gary preached at church the very first thing he did when he got back to church sitting down. So we want to thank the Lord for that. He just say God bless you all. [Music] Amen. Just written here, God bless you all who've held them all up in prayer through this difficult time. So, we want to continue to remember our brother Gary. Also, we want to uh brother Edge Dodd has put a question to remember uh John uh that the Lord would touch him for a spiritual and a physical uh uh and a physical need that he has. Also, um, Sister Clara one was asked that we just remember her her mother as, uh, she's having problems with her eye ducts are being plugged and she's having a hard time sleeping. So, we want to remember, uh, her as well. If you have a need on your heart, just raise your hands. We go to prayer, Brother John, if you would, if you would come. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus, for your marvelous works in our lives, God. Lord, we've come tonight to worship you. We've come to lift up our hands. We've come to lift up our hearts. We've come to let you know that we love you, Lord. And with all of our hearts, with all of our lives, we're here to thank you, Lord, at this midweek service. Lord, we're here to open up our hearts and let you know that you're our healer. You're our savior, our Lord. All everything good comes from you and from your fountain of life. And Lord, we're here tonight to worship you, to love your word, to enter into singing, to rejoice, to clap our hands, Lord, to bear one another's burdens, to pray for one another, Lord, to respond to your Holy Spirit, Lord, to catch the mind of the spirit. What you would say that is church tonight. Lord, it's good to be in the house of the Lord. And it's good that we can come together like this and just feel at home and let off the pressure, Lord. And we just have these needs that's been spoken and this testimony of our brother Gary Walker. Lord, we want to say thank you, Lord, for touching our brother Gary. Lord, you spared his life and a wonderful miracle and for his wife, Lord, and family and assembly there in New Zealand. We just pray you continue to touch him, Lord, and Mindy's body and the church there and the needs that they have. God, we just know there's many testimonies that could be spoken tonight of your amazing power and your amazing grace, miracles, Lord, and just divine healings. And to see you working and speaking in our lives is such a joy, such a thrill to know that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. God bless these requests. Our brother Ed Dodd wrote in, Lord, and our sister Woman has a need, Lord. Hands are being lifted up all over this building. There's hearts that are being lifted up, God. Lord, you are our healer, Lord. You're the answer to our questions. You're the leader of our L of our souls and the bishop of our souls. And we just trust in you tonight, Lord. We lean on your shoulders, on your strong arms as El Shadi. We just want to nourish strength from your presence tonight. And Lord, we just want to receive at your table. May you anoint our pastor, Lord. Anoint the word tonight. Challenge us, God, with what you're doing in other places and around the world to Lord, expand our horizons, Jesus. We just love your people and love your bride. And if you would see fit tonight to bring tonight to be a healing for someone, I pray that our faith would be anointed. God, someone reach out and touch the hymn of your garment. Lord, someone to be saved and delivered tonight. Someone filled with the Holy Spirit for a revelation to drop down. That'll be so wonderful, God. And let this not be an ordinary service. Let it be an opportunity for your presence to do wonders in our lives. We love you tonight, Lord. We want there to be a communication and a heartfelt response from us back to you, Lord. You're so deserving of it, Lord. You're so wonderful to us. Bless the meeting, our brother Jason, the musicians, every heart that's here, those that are connected on the internet, on the phone hookup. May you just be with your people everywhere. Those that are calling on your name. May you just show yourself as the mighty God, Lord, made manifest within your people. Show yourself tonight, Lord. In Jesus name, we give you this service just as a love token. God, we're here because we love you. May you just come and meet with us in a special way. Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. You may have your seats. Amen. We're going to turn the service immediately to Brother Red as he comes. Let's uh let's sing We've Got the Power. I'm getting a little low reverb up here. Number 8 30 31 on the screen. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Oh, Satan rages. We cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Before we before we sing that again, I'm going to do what I did when I first started song leading. You don't have the power. I'm looking at you. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; How can you sing that song without a smile on your face? &gt;&gt; Okay, so we're going to sing this again. &gt;&gt; Let's have an attitude shift. &gt;&gt; We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing like we mean it. Oh, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord, the saints and praisees. [Music] We cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. The second verse. For many years now, Satan's trying to stop us. Hold on. The bride of Jesus. Lord, we're still alive. Like a mighty army, waiting, maring onward, fighting every battle. Cuz the Lord's on our side. Yes, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Oh, Satan ra. [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. That sounds good. Glad to have Jason get everybody smiling while they're saying that. Well, the smile doesn't do it, but it does help. &gt;&gt; It really helps. Yes, it does. Well, we're going to uh uh just have a little uh little addition to the service this evening. I'm going to speak after a little bit, but um brother uh brother Michael Ray and brother Kim Dingwall are leaving this tonight actually about 2:00 in the morning for the Philippines. And brother Ernie has left. He left on Tuesday. So they will be uh meeting up with him there. and then also brother Vernon and and the uh other uh brother Rex at the at the office Bible believer's office there and uh brother Kim will be I've asked him to come up and to actually show you what is taking place part of this transition to the message hub which is really a very very remarkable thing but it takes more than a couple of words it takes some uh you know it takes some visual uh things that will help you to understand what is taking place and the changes and I would say that if the Lord Jesus terries you'll look back on this service which is just you say Wednesday night service but you'll look back on this service and realize really what the vision was all about because you can't explain it in a few moments I couldn't explain it in 30 minutes it would take me longer than that and I'm not as equipped as brother Kim to talk about this message hub so Um, but before brother Kim comes, I want to let the congregation know. I was going to save this for Sunday, but there's no use saving it. Uh, you people gave as the Lord has uh permitted you to give, has blessed you, and uh, everybody did their part. So, we were able to uh give to the work in the Congo to the Shakina Publications uh $30,000. And I thought that was wonderful. And uh a few days ago, we sent uh $30,000 to build a church to assist to build a church in Moscow for three congregations that don't have a place to worship. They've been put out of where they are. They're are scattered. They're I think right now meeting in various homes but brother Sergey who many of you met who was here at the 2000 convention 207 and uh he's just a very dedicated very devoted and a real god called person has been tutored up under brother Garrett Rodald uh he's actually brother Gear's right-hand man in his office but God put his hand on him and the people in in Moscow all three churches just came together and 100% asked him to come and be the pastor. So, he's flying there once every month of commuting there, but they have no building. And one of the difficulties with him actually moving there is they want to build a place where uh the where the pastor can actually live because he had Moscow is one of the most expensive cities in the world right now. And for him to move his whole family has a little wee baby in arms as well as other children to move them there and to get a place would cost them a fortune. So the church wanted to build a place and where they can just move into and then uh extend it to the sanctuary. I don't know but they've got the plans underway right now. So you pray that God will give them wisdom. We have tried to be real real good stewards of uh of the monies that you have given. Others have given also but most of that has come from the assembly here. uh there are some that have uh participated with us in the gift to uh brother docus and actually it's u what we're actually doing we are going to be buying the paper from Madawasa Maine in the eastern United States and he and brother doca was very impressed with the paper he's been there he said it's just such good paper it's excellent paper better than they had been getting earlier so he's very very happy with that. Very happy. And you all know what containers look like. We have them going through here through the truck crossing. And this the amount of paper that has been purchased will fill 20 containers. That's 20 containers of paper, which will do them between one and two years, but they might use it all up in one year. So, I'm thankful uh that God has allowed us to have a part. I'm very very thankful. And then these brothers, brother Kim and brother Michael, brother Ernie would not be able to launch uh this um the the printing stations and the message hub which has been worked on very very diligently with brother Darren has been working on it here. Brother Randy Snow did a lot of work. Brothers in Phoenix did a lot of work. But the the message hub is actually being uh conducted. It will be administered from uh from here and uh and and we would not be able to send these brothers except there was also another offering given from the local church here of $25,000 to launch the entire uh uh Philippine project. So all of that has happened like in the last 90 days and I say to God be the glory. We're just so happy to be a part of whatever God is doing. I find that if you're good stewards as a church as as uh and in the leadership of the church, if you're good stewards to to reach God's objective, and I'll say this to you, and I I won't say it's thus sayith the Lord, but to me it's thus sayith the Lord. God is very pleased when his voice and his message gets out. And when you and I are determined and have that as one of our foremost things on our agenda, say this is of utmost importance, then God smiles on that and says I agree with you or you agree with me and God will keep pouring it in because if he doesn't pour it in, you can't pour it out. So all we are is a conduit. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And uh I'm happy to be that. And we have people that send from far away. They they send through the through Bible believers because they know that something is actually happening. The message books are getting into the hands of the people, whether it be tapes or discs or DVDs or MP3s or whatever it was. Whatever God would put into our hands, we were determined to send it out and give the give the winds a mighty voice. And and God has honored that. And I'm I quite frankly, you know, you can get quiet on me if you wish, but I intend to I intend to pursue that. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; With everything that's in me. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And everything you give, I'll just say God bless you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He never give it to us to hoard it anyway. So, God bless you. All right, brother Kim. Uh, come and uh do what you do well and what I and a lot of other people can't do. Thank God for the brothers up in the sound room. You'll need this, won't you? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; All right. You You want a pointer? &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's a clip here if you want it. &gt;&gt; All right. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Good evening. It's uh little difficult following behind brother Ed, especially when he says such nice things about you. But I do want to say that the vision for what we're going to see tonight has been brother Ed's. And I' I have found that when brother Ed finds somebody that maybe moves here or is here that he feels has something to offer, he just saddles you and puts you to work. And I'm starting to feel the saddle sores actually. I'm quite quite busy. But we want to talk tonight. I want to be as brief as possible. But we want to talk tonight about uh you know this is titled the Philippine mission restructure, but this is really a pilot project for what we intend to roll out throughout the world with what we're doing. Um it's going to take me a minute to figure out how to use this. There we go. I was hoping I was going to be able to read that. So a little a little bit of a history of the missionary endeavors in the Philippines. Uh the message was introduced to the Philippines in the 60s. It's a very mature area. The message has been there for quite some time. Uh ministers traveled through the Philippines and left some uh left or mailed books behind, mostly English books. And uh in 1995, brother Biscoll and brother Ernie traveled to Manila and established a Bible believers office there. Uh they set up a duplicator to produce seed libraries. Uh began translating and printing the message. Uh currently we're printing about 60,000 books a year in the Philippines and the and translating about 10 books into two different languages on an annual basis. Um, this is a little bit hard to read, but basically what this does is show the distribution of what we were doing in the past or what we're what we were doing up until just a few months ago where basically in the central office we were printing with a commercial printer. Um, you know, several thousand books and then mailing those out all over the Philippines. um that necessitated that that business model necessitated having a certain amount of inventory because you know you print a book today you may not print that book again for several years so you had to have enough inventory for the new people coming in. Um and then as the inventory got sent out from the main office to another church of course each church like to hoard a little bit of inventory so that when new people got saved they'd have that and then typically homes were hoarding a little bit of inventory. So we found that when we traveled to the Philippines last time and India, we found that almost half of the books that we print are for inventory for people to have to to hand out as as time goes on. So when we look at the production of printing, uh basically in the Philippines, it's local third party printers. They go out and have people print them. Um a a thousand of Sabuano and 2,000 of I can't say these words, Tagalague. And 2,000 English books. Uh the cost of printing each time is about $2,500. So it's about 50 cents a book to produce a book. About 20% of those are kept in stock in the in the in the main office and the rest are sent out. One of the things that we're running into, and I found this when I spoke with brother Hildebrandt this weekend about the missionary work that he's doing and the outreach work with books, it's getting to the place where distribution postal costs are almost as high as the actual and in some cases higher than the actual printing cost. So we looked at what we were doing and realized there needed to be a new vision for the Philippines and basically what we're trying to accomplish is to download the burden of the word to the local pastors in areas where the churches are mature and financially able to assume this burden. So what that means is in some areas, you know, when we first went into the Philippines, you know, the people were didn't have a lot of means to be able to print themselves and, you know, so we helped out with that all these years, but in a lot of those countries, the economies are starting to come up to a higher higher level where they're able to take that on. So the other thing we want to do is make the word more accessible to believers. There's there's two pieces of this. One is often times a book gets printed now and may not get printed again for another, you know, several years. And so people come in in the interm and don't have access to those messages. As well of the English trans of the English copies of the message today, less than half have ever been in print of, you know, when you think about it, you know, we've had this message for all these years and less than half of it has ever been in print. Um, so and as well with translations, oftentimes translators will labor and labor to to translate a book, get it translated, but it can sometimes be several months or even years before that book actually gets into the hands of people by the time you raise funds for for printing. So it also allows the pastors the sovereignty to choose what message to provide to their own people. In other words, the you know what happens now is from a central office, somebody says this is what we need to print and we send that all out. U but maybe a a spec a pastor's preaching on on who is this mazdc and would like to have that book for his people. So this way, you know, we're going to be able to make that accessible and then we want to move from a push to a poll and I'll talk about that as we go on. So what is the solution to to to the current situation is really to create a message hub which is a centralized location where messages are available in all languages in all formats to all believers. Um that's the that's the core really decentralize the printing and distribution and provide print stations to the local churches. So when we look at how things are done now, this map looks like the believers off Bible believers office in the Philippines and basically they print and then distribute all over the country to regional churches, local churches and to individuals all mailed out and distributed throughout the country. In the new model, what we'll have is a message hub which is already up and running which is a central place on the internet where you can download all of the message all of the messages in English. We have all that was preached in English is there and available now. And then we now have all the translations that were done in the Filipino languages are now available on the internet. Uh so what we'll be mainly covering um in the in the distribution now from the Bible believers because churches will be able to print their own books now. We'll be printing for new believers. And I've I've got the word orphans up there. I thought I'd change that. But but basically people who aren't connected with the church, maybe they're living out in some remote area and a small group of believers. So they'll still be supplied from the central office and uh printing for those that we must print for that just don't have the means to be able to print. So this will result in about 80 to 90% of the believers being supplied locally, leaving the uh the Bible believes Bible believers Philippines office to only have to print about 5,000 books per year instead of about 60. So, as you can see, that will allow us to to shift some of our resources into translating it into some new areas that we'd like to get into. So, I need to back this up and let it come on its own. I think it's going to come one step at a time. Okay. Well, we'll start here with the message hub. So, this this is a view of the message hub. Um, it's found at bibleelievers.org or if you want to go and look at it any at any time. And basically we come into this the Can you back up one screen for me? We uh come into one screen before this this I'm hoping to see the icon for the message hub. So when you go log on to the Bible believers website, this is what you see. You click on the right hand side on the message hub. When you click on the right hand side of the message hub, you see a number of languages. you can pick the language that you that you actually want to get. And as we the translations become available to us, we'll be adding more and more languages. Um, up in the up in the top leftand corner there, you see a red icon that would allow you to translate this whole page into another language so that if you're actually from China, for example, you'd be able to see this page in simplified Chinese so that you'd be able to find what you're looking for. Um, we're going to stay in English. So, let's click on the English on the English site. So, what happens when we click on this? We get a list of all the English messages that are available. Um, we're able to sort it different ways. We could click on the on the alphabetical or we can sort them out by their by their number, which is basically sorting them out chronologically or by date. We can sort them out by location. So, we can sort it out in any different way and then scroll down through the list and find the one you're looking for. If you if we wanted, we could actually type up into the into the search bar, we could type something like scripture and it'll find every message that has the word scripture in it in the title. And if we were to type in Jeff after that or or Jeffersonville, it'll continue to filter it so that what we'll see here is all of the messages, pardon me, the message that has the word scripture in it that was preached in Jeffersonville. So that's the level that you can go in and search for the messages that you're looking for. I come from Edmonton. So when I tested it, I just typed in the word Edmonton to see everything that Brother Brandon preached in Edmonton. And there's a, you know, eight or nine messages that were preached in in Edmonton. So from here, we found our message. Now we can just click on that message. And we see those two little icons come up on the other side. One is a one says PDF. So that would be a text version that you could actually download to your computer and print to make a message book. And the other one is a MP3 icon which if we clicked on that we could either save that on our computer or or just play it directly here. So you want to open that MP3 copy. So if we click on that uh we can say open or save but let's just open it. So we're going to open that and and basically we can what we're seeing now is a a little bit of a delay as it downloads from the internet. Is it coming? &gt;&gt; PDF or the MD3 &gt;&gt; PDF. &gt;&gt; Sorry. So, in the PDF now, we can see the message and it's it's formatted ready to print as a booklet in the standard format that we're used to seeing. So, if you have a printer that's set up for it at this point, you hit the print button, it goes to the printer, you staple it, fold it, and you have a book. Now, what that means is that for everybody in this congregation today that has an internet access and a printer, you can literally print off every single message that Brother Brandham ever preached. So, that's what's happening at the message hub. We'll probably talk more about that in the future. I want to go back to our if we could just go back to our our PowerPoint. Can you hit the space bar maybe and see if this will come up one screen at a time? one icon at a time. There we go. So, what does a print station look like that we're putting overseas? Basically, they need to have an internet connection. If they don't have an internet connection, we can give it all to them on a disc. So, and basically, they need to have a computer, a printer, a this is a little binding machine that makes the book, folds and staples, and a cutter. So what happens is the the messages are downloaded from either the internet hub or the library disc. So we we locate the one where you know we install the program on the computer. We find the book that we're looking for, download it, print it, uh we bind it in this little machine that staples and folds it and then we trim it and that's it. That's a book. It's it's that straightforward. Basically, what we end up with is a one-man print shop that can print about a hundred books an hour. Um, somebody challenged me on that, so I tested it and I did a 100 books in an hour. So, that's a h 100red books an hour and a print station costs about $800. So, it's about $800 to to set up a print station in the Philippines. On this trip that we're going now, we're going to be setting up 15 stations. There's about 140 churches in the Philippines. So if each one of those is supplying books to several other churches behind them then you know like I say we get about 80% of the books actually being printed locally. So when we look like I say a print station between $8 and $900 the operating cost for us to print is about 46 cents a book. So that's cheaper than we're printing now. And we have no distribution costs because the printing takes place right in the local church and we don't have to distribute. So it literally cuts our cost in half. It also, you know, one of the things that it also does is it allows the local church to decide how many books they want. Right now they get one or two books per family per month. If a church wants to print more, I mean, you know, they have the they have the ability to print as many as they can afford to print or as many as they prioritize their expenditures towards. So, our uh our trip to the Philippines uh tonight at 11:00 where we need to be at the airport tonight. We're leaving at 2:00 in the morning. We arrived Friday afternoon. Uh so, you know, Brother Mike and I got out of bed this morning. We don't get to see bed again till Friday night, but uh which is all right for brother Mike. He's a lot younger than I am. Um, so Friday we arrive and set up. We're going to set up several uh print stations at the Bible believers office in Manila. And then Saturday we're going to be training the Bible believer staff. There's uh brother Vernon who's the manager and brother Rex who is now doing a lot of the coordination who will be doing the ongoing printing there. And then there's a number of brothers who from the different churches in the Philippines who are it kind of guys who are going to be there so that we can train them around how this process is done. And then Sunday we're going to have uh services at the Bible believers office. Brother Vernon uses that for their local assembly. And then Sunday evening we're going to set up for training in the morning. On Monday, we expect to have probably 30 or 40 people, which will be ministers and their assistants from different churches that'll come in and we'll uh we'll train them on how to do that. Many of them will be bringing with their their computers with them and we'll send them away with the printers and all the gear and they'll go back to their churches and be in production on Monday when they go home already. Uh Tuesday to Thursday, we're going to be traveling throughout the Philippines setting up stations in some of the more remote areas. And then uh Friday, we turn we we return back to Canada. So, it's a it's it's a bit of a busy schedule. Somebody said to me, "Oh, you're going on holidays in the Philippines." Sort of. Sort of. So, what are the results? For the first time, all English and translated translated messages are available to believers in churches and homes in urban and remote areas basically anywhere in the world. You know, some of the things that we maybe don't think about is that, you know, we're doing this in the Philippines, but you know, there's just a new there's a new Filipino church that just started in in Italy. There are Filipino expatriots all over the world. And now from the internet, they're going to have access whether they live in in in Italy. I know that there's a a large number of them in the Middle East. And this will give them access to message books that they can download and print themselves. Uh pastors can choose which books to print based on their local needs and our resources can be redirected into translations and into pushing into into new territories. Oh, I sent an earlier version that said on the that was my last page. I must mustn't have said this one. This was and the need is and the need is in the Philippines we're rolling out with 15 workst with 15 print stations um throughout the Philippines that could pro that number you know in the long term could probably end up at you know probably 30 or 40 stations so that most of the main churches would have print stations and then you know when we were doing India pardon me the Philippines as a pilot project but when we look at India we just take everything we talked about here and scale it up by about 10. So, you know, ongoing we'll be um India and rolling this out throughout the world. So, that's what that's what we're doing in the Philippines. &gt;&gt; Well, I think that's wonderful, don't you? &gt;&gt; I think it's just absolutely wonderful. And uh this afternoon, I don't know if I was able to tell the brothers, but I spent some time with our brother Dio just before he left. Uh he's been very very busy. We've been busy and uh Harley had any time together, but I spent some time just a little bit of time on this. Didn't have the PowerPoint as you've seen, but I just went over it verbally with him. And the one thing that you you will understand is that as long as you give the message books out, you know, just on a free basis to everybody, you what you have, you blanket a whole area. You have churches that are really quite wellestablished, very wellestablished and who could very well, very capable to provide themselves books. But as long as you're giving them out free, they will receive them. And there's no uh there's no really facility that is set up to uh for them to contribute. They could maybe contribute now and again or whenever the spirit moves them sort of thing. But now if they have a print station they will be providing their own paper their own uh you know their own print person or persons whatever and and have sovereignty leadership as brother Kim has said of what message they want to have and I said to brother do today I said there's a lot of people receiving your books that no doubt could very well afford to pay for their book and they he said well Yes, of course. But I said, then if you provide if those people are provided with just very really inexpensive uh uh print stations, I mean, have you seen all these people with uh uh with their uh cell phones? I I like what brother Kim was in a situation in the Philippines on the last trip and uh uh one of the pastors said, "We can never afford this. You know, we can't afford this." And brother Kim said, "Just a moment. I sat in your church Sunday morning and I saw some of the young people texting on their cell phones, and one of those cell phones will probably provide you with paper for a whole year. Don't tell me you can't print your own books." They just have to smile and acknowledge that they were caught. It's just what's really important to you. &gt;&gt; Don't you agree? &gt;&gt; It's what's really important to you. And if you really want it and really desire it, then uh then uh uh you know uh you'll find a way to get it and and when you do get it, you'll appreciate it a whole lot more. So that it's just it's really really a perfect and I personally believe that God has uh that that God has designed this whole thing and God has allowed technology to go where it is. I don't I believe that the tape recorder was not invented for music. I believe it was invented for this message. &gt;&gt; I'm not over your head. I'm down at kindergarten stuff right now. &gt;&gt; And furthermore, the prophet teaches us that the the dimensions that various dimensions and the one dimension is to hold holds your voice is holding my voice right now. God did not create that for Hollywood. God did not create that for all the trash. God created it so he could send his own voice. Brother Brandham said if they had the technology that could bring back the voice of perhaps Jesus Christ or of Moses or whatever more. It's not lost. It's out there. We just have to have the, you know, the ability to bring it out. And and now we have the prophet's message and his voice going all around the world. And I don't believe that's an accident. And I just believe that it's it's a wonderful thing that we are able to have a part. Uh I want to make just another announcement. And I went out to the camp the other day and uh and I was just so surprised to see because so many of you were out there on the uh last weekend and I saw saw the pictures uh and and the deck that uh brother Chris and all the brothers went out there and worked and a couple brothers, brother Chedimir and brother Jeff Wman were still working there. And I tell you what, they have a deck. I think you're gonna land a 747 on it. It's just a an enormous thing. And uh so we have we have some ideas and some thoughts that are we're going to put into into motion for camp this coming year. Uh and I've been speaking to the right people. And I I'll just I'll just fly an idea past you. How many here might like to, don't raise your hand if you don't really intend to, but for an evening service to come before the service and if we were able to get uh two settings from the dining room, you might like to come and have dinner there and then go to the meeting afterwards. The dinner's not free. I have to say that first before you raise your hand. You don't go to you don't go to McDonald's and expect it free. But I mean to be right on the camp to get in that atmosphere to see some of the young people and and to have the first sitting for the young people. And uh I think that I know myself I would like to come there maybe a little bit early take in have a dinner and then go to the service. Wouldn't that be nice? &gt;&gt; That's what that deck's all about. It'll probably hold 250 people, wouldn't it, Brother Chris? I think at least that. And so that's what it's all about. I didn't see anybody raise their hands, so I'll tell brother Raymond to go easy on the food. Oh, well, there's a few hands. All right. It's all right. I'm just having my enjoyment here. Another thing we want to do on July the 6th. July the 5th. July the 5th. Forget that what I just said a moment ago. July the 5th, Saturday, July the 5th, we're going to have just a a a fellowship out there. And it's premature that I'm uh giving you the date now, but I want to give you the date so you don't get that weekend all set up out someplace else. We're going to have a a an outing and we're going to have a time where the whole congregation can come. And I've asked brother Raymond to arrange some great big barbecues to barbecue a steer or something and uh do it real real simple. It's going to be real simple, but we'll be able to come out there and many who have not been there, you'll be able to come out. I'd like the people to feel connected to this camp and to see how God is going to use it. It's going to be a surprise. yet it's going to be a real surprise of how God how I believe God is going to use this location uh for a for a testimony. That's all that's all we're interested in. We're not interested a bunch of entertainment or enjoyment. We want to enjoy it, but it's going to be for the glory of God. I expect to see the Holy Spirit come down in the meetings. I expect the Holy Spirit to get a hold of lives. And I expect the Holy Spirit to deal with people in such a way that we see people, men and women, uh, delivered, saved, &gt;&gt; revelated, and uh, children of God fed and moving on. Amen. &gt;&gt; Would you stand with me and I'm going to read some scripture. You can turn in your Bible to second Corinthians. It won't be long, but I would like you to listen very very carefully. Uh uh because I would like this evening to prepare for Sunday morning, the Lord willing. So it don't only be attentive, but if you if you get a crumb, uh say amen. If you get more, say hallelujah. &gt;&gt; If you get a whole slice, say praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; If you get a loaf, jump up and wave your hands. Say, "Praise God, I got a loaf. &gt;&gt; I got a few loaves on Sunday. Didn't you?" &gt;&gt; Amen. That was so wonderful. Let's just have prayer before we read. And while we're praying, and we're going to be praying for uh Wesley's father, Wesley Ordeal's father-in-law, Amanda's dad, they did a biopsy on some uh brain tumors today and said they were malignant and that they're inoperable. And that has all happened in a matter of a few days. And I said to Wesley, "It's not a matter of calling a whole bunch of people and getting uh people all emotional about it. So, we're not interested in that." But I told him, I said that every time I start to pray over a serious case in our congregation, while I'm praying, I'm asking the Lord in my heart, allow someone to just touch you. allow someone to contact God. Just one person, friends. Just one person. Contact God. And I and a statement brother Brandham has made. My wife's been very impressed with this statement. I I pass it off to you and I trust it'll touch you like it's touched me and that you will use it as I have used it. Brother Brand, I'm praying my belief for a woman. And he said this, "We bring her into your presence by prayer." That's profound. That's absolutely profound because he knew by prayer he's going to bring that needy person right into deliver them into the presence of God. And he the same messenger said in his presence the supernatural is happening. &gt;&gt; Amen. So I would like you to remember Junior Jeff is a brother's name. A lovely lovely believer. And we'll just have a word of prayer before we read. Father, we have gone on in the service and we have been speaking about your work, about your word, about your people, about the your bride. We feel privileged tonight that we're able to participate and be just a part of this wonderful great body of Jesus Christ. How your messenger saw them moving onward and upward. Oh God, onward Christian soldiers and saw that bride and all the international dress of all the nations. Lord, in your word said that they rejoiced and they sang a new song. We know that there will be great rejoicing in the new Jerusalem when the saints go marching in. Pray, Father, that tonight you'll just prepare us for that moment. That's the moment. We're not so much interested in tomorrow, but we're interested, oh God, in that moment, that time, whenever it might be. in the next 5 minutes or whenever it happens. Oh God, we are here tonight to get ready to prepare our hearts. I pray that you will illuminate our minds, Lord. And while I'm praying, I'm remembering our brother Junior Jeff. Oh God, I got some terrible news today as far as the medical world is concerned. But as far as you're concerned, Lord, oh God, and I desire with this congregation to use this same phrase with such depth and meaning in my heart, it's blessed me. We bring our brother Junior, oh God, into your presence by prayer. And that in that presence, Lord, the very fibers of these tumors will begin to dry up from the roots. Lord, let them begin to wither. I pray in the name of Jesus Christ, let the life pass out of these things, oh God, let the life pass out of them, Father, in your presence where the supernatural is happening. I pray, oh God, you'll resurrect him from this terrible situation and this condition and how the enemy has come in. Drive him back out in Jesus Christ's name. And now, Lord, I pray you'll anoint us each one to receive and for myself to speak your words. in Jesus name we ask it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I want to read out of 2 Corinthians the 5th chapter uh verses 17 to 19. Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature. Old things are passed away. Behold, all things are become new. And all things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation, to that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them, and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation. Amen. May God bless you as you have your seats and thank you for uh your presence here this evening and your real kind attention. I want to introduce uh a thought and a subject to you. Something I've been pondering for quite some time now. And some of this material and some of the quotes that I'll use tonight, you've heard uh especially when I took a series on the anointing uh because I'll be using some of those this evening and because it ties in in a different way. But I want to speak on the mystery of Christ in you. If you would care to, I would encourage you to take Christ is the mystery of God revealed that message and read it very slowly, read it very prayerfully and read it back over again. And when you come to a a page and maybe you you were in swimming water and there's lots of swimming water in that message, go back over and just read it again. Just read it very prayerfully. And and if a line or a phrase stands out to you, just keep going over it. Say, "Why did he say that?" That is that is so powerful. And uh and I believe it'll be a great blessing to you. And brother Brandham a he uh uh reads out of Colossians, I believe it is there, and he tells the people to read the whole chapter, which is his text. But that the the scripture where this mystery which is Christ in you the hope of glory and uh so I'm taking from that the mystery of of Christ in you. Now in the Bible we and we use the term Jesus, the name Jesus, the title Christ and the title Lord. And they're interchanged uh all the time. and have the same meaning for us say the Lord our Lord Jesus the Lord Jesus Christ but yet they they do have some distinct uh meaning and a distinct purpose. So Jesus is the name and brother Brandham says this Jesus was was his given name. Christ was his title. What he was he was the Christ, the anointed of God when he was born. That's what he was. And so throughout the scriptures and throughout the whole message, we freely use those and interchange them. But yet uh I want to make a distinction between Jesus the title the name and the title Christ also I will just make reference to because he is the Lord Jesus Christ and the Lord you'll find it right at the very beginning. I think it's first used in in Genesis 2 where it says and the Lord God in the beginning in the chapter one it starts out and God created the heaven and the earth and God said let there be light and then you get into Genesis the second chapter say and the Lord God said and that is where uh we find that the Lord is uh is Adoni or Adony which is Jehovah the exist existing one. So please just follow this closely. So Jesus Christ is the Lord the existing one. Uh he is also Christ the anointed one. So I want you to hold that and his name is Jesus. So Jesus is one anointed. This could be this could be one anointed. Now Jesus is one anointed. He is the anointed. But in the scripture we have an individual could be anointed. Various scriptures I won't take the time. A king king in the old testament was called the anointed. Uh and David himself when his men said here's your opportunity to kill Saul. He said he wouldn't touch the Lord's anointed. See, he was because Saul was in in in his kingly office. The high priest was considered one who was anointed. And then of course, the anointed one is none other than the Messiah. And we have reference to the Lord Jesus Christ. Now, in the this is where I'll cover a little bit of ground for those of you that are familiar with it, that have been here in the service and heard the series on the uh anointing itself. But in order to understand where I'm wanting to go with you, uh, we take the origin of the anointing and what what it really is. And even though I'm covering some some of the same ground, I I'm covering it for a completely different purpose. So, you'll have to just bear with me uh, in case it sounds that I'm being repetitious. Now, and if I'm emphasizing things, I emphasize it for a specific purpose. And now, when the the message I asked you to read, Christ is the mystery of God revealed. And we let that run off that title because we're so so familiar with it. But I just want you to digest it slowly. It didn't say Jesus was the mystery. &gt;&gt; Didn't say God was the mystery. said, "Christ is the mystery." &gt;&gt; Christ the mystery. Just everyone say that. Christ the mystery. Now, Brother Bren said, "If you want to understand anything, you got to go back to the beginning." Well, the beginning of the anointing was actually when God in before he says before there was a molecule, before there was a star, before there was anything, God the self-existent one, God, the self-existent one. And he had attributes. He had uh he was God. He's he's filled with life. He's filled with all of these uh marvelous things, but he's the self-existent one. And they had not been expressed. And that's what that message is really all about. They had not been expressed. So he says, if you want to know what's truth and what's right, what right things are, we have to go back to the beginning. Now, in Christ, the mystery of God revealed, Brother Brandham starts out. He says, he says, "Now, God's secret mystery." I'm I'm going to come back to that really in depth on Sunday, the Lord willing. God's secret mystery that he had before the world began. Uh maybe just drop this in. What brother Brandham is referring to and what he comes to in a number of different ways is that God's secret mystery actually had to do with the coming of Christ, the second coming of Christ. And he makes he makes statements and references that all point to that direction. But he drops it off and I'm going to drop it off also. Now, God's secret mystery he had before the world began. And then he stops. Now back in the back part of God's mind. Now he said earlier in another message, you have to go back to the beginning. So I'm suggesting to you that this is a good place to start. In the back part of God's mind, there was something that he was trying and was going to achieve. Not he was just going to try, but he was going to achieve it. And he had a motive in doing it. See, that's the way I read a message. That's the way I let brother Brandon preach to me. He had a motive. He had a He was trying and he was going to achieve it. And he had a motive in doing it. And here was the motive. In order to let himself be expressed. So now, Brother Random has taken us back into the the eons of time when God was by himself. But he had within him he had these attributes. He had these characteristics and he said but but he had a he had something he was trying and he was going to achieve. He had a had a motive in what in this achievement that he wanted to achieve. Now he's dealing with his great secret. He wanted to achieve something and it was a great mystery. It's a great secret but he wanted to make it. And what was it? He said he wanted to express himself. So he now he wanted now an expression is something that is unfolding or an expression is something that is is is it it suggest that it's moving that it's coming forth. I'm going to express something. If I said to you I'm going to express something to you now. You would wait. Okay. How is he going to do it? Is he going to demonstrate it? Is he just going to speak it? But it's going to be something that's going to come forth so that if he expresses it, I hope that I can grasp it. I hope I can understand it. I hope it will be, you know, uh uh w within my within my ability to grasp it. So now God was going to hed himself. Now throughout the message, throughout the message, Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Throughout that message, brother Brandham uses different words that essentially have the same meaning and the in these various words that he uses. Number one, he he he uses the the phrase of expression or self-expression. He uses it all the time because that is something that is coming forth. God wanted to reveal or selfexpress himself to the people. And here's where he uses this. Now, if he had if he had this three-fold purpose, brother Brandham talks about the three-fold purpose. If he had this three-fold purpose, and he breaks it off, says, "We want to find out what is this three-fold purpose." Amen. &gt;&gt; The first thing and when you say the first thing that is the first thing the first thing was that God wanted to reveal himself to the people. It this great uh eternal God. He wanted to reveal himself to the people. That was his secret. He wanted to reveal himself to the people. And he says he couldn't do it as the great Jehovah God. &gt;&gt; So he couldn't do it as Jehovah God. &gt;&gt; Who covered all space and time and eternity. He could not. He's too great to ever be revealed to people because it would be too mysterious. So now here's God and a prophet messenger standing on earth saying God in his in in the form that he is in that great eternal self-existent one. There is no way for him to reveal himself to the people because it would be too mysterious. This God that fills all time and space. Who can understand God who had no beginning and has no end? Who can understand God that that can speak worlds into existence or out of existence? Who can understand? We can't. It would be too mysterious. But God wanted to reveal himself. In other words, unfold himself to the people. How would he do that? Ah, but God had God had a thought. God had a a way that he was going to do it. God had something he was going to try to do and he was going to do it and he was going to achieve it. And the agent the agent was that he had to transfer his thoughts and and and and bring those out. So the the process was the thought and then the thought would be a word and the word would be spoken. Brother Brandham says that perhaps dozens of times. So now he has a process going going forth and brother Brandham describes that as being the the word was the logos that went out. But it wasn't only something going out from God. It was the anointing. It was the anointing that was going out. So now the anointing which links right directly with the title Christ would be the power that would be the agent that he would take and transfer his thoughts down into actually the anointing became a creative power. &gt;&gt; The anointing became the power of wisdom. The anointing became the direct agent by which God would take and transfer what he was into something that would express him. &gt;&gt; You following me this far? All right. So now he also said he said he wanted to reveal himself. He wanted to express himself. You'll find that all through that message. And then he says also, and you've heard me say this, one of my favorite one of my favorite quotes, and I'll tell you now why it means so much to me. He says that he uh but he what what he wanted to do. He said what he wanted to do. He loved fatherhood for he was a father. &gt;&gt; Now here he had this this attribute of fatherhood. He had that within his being. He loved that attribute of fatherhood. What is a father? A father is one when you think of a father, you think of one that has brought forth life, &gt;&gt; has unfolded. So he's got a a a child, got a son, got a daughter, and then and it resembles the father. Does not saying it doesn't resemble the mother, but they brought forth life. It has to come from the seed. And the seed come from the father. &gt;&gt; Am I correct? &gt;&gt; So now he loved that that very thought of bringing something forth. He loved that. So he loved fatherhood. Listen now these scriptures will mean so much more for you. For God so loved the world &gt;&gt; that he brought that he gave his only begotten son. He so loved the world that he in in redemption his thought of redemption that he brought forth a son something and what was son what was Jesus he was the expression of the invisible God &gt;&gt; was he not &gt;&gt; so the fulfillment of Luke 17 and30 in the day when the son of man will be revealed do you know what it is that you saw do you know what it is that you hear is evidence of God's loving love for fatherhood. He so loved fatherhood that he would fulfill Luke 17:30 in a day when the world would sink into a place of of of of such debauchery where we are today. Oh my. I sometimes I wonder if there's any hope. You hear what's happening in California just now and all the the kind of marriages that they're having. just too despicable to talk about. But God loved fatherhood. &gt;&gt; And so in Luke 17:30 he said and Jesus when he was here that he was that son that God had sent as a redeemer. He said now when you see the conditions of Sodom and to see the conditions of Noah's day once again even so will it be when the son the son of man will be revealed. one who's who's being revealed the revelation of it. That whole thing is happening because God loved fatherhood. &gt;&gt; He loved fatherhood. &gt;&gt; And in loving of father in in in in loving fatherhood, he didn't say he loved father but he loved fatherhood. He loved the very concept of bringing something forth because that which he brought forth would express himself which was his first and foremost desire. &gt;&gt; Brother Brand said the first thing he wanted was to express himself. &gt;&gt; And now so express himself in different ways but the son would be the fullness of that expression. Amen. &gt;&gt; The Bible says Jesus speaking, "If ye if if you being evil," he said, "Know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more how much more shall your father give good gifts? Or your father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask him?" Why would he want to give good things? Cuz he loves fatherhood. &gt;&gt; And a father loves to give. He just loves fatherhood. He gave a son. &gt;&gt; He gave everything that is that is ne. If we could catch that, I tell you what, even change your day tomorrow. &gt;&gt; Find my father. He desires to give good things to his children. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Our father doesn't even want us to be sick. Our father doesn't want us to get snared by the devil. Our father doesn't want us to love the world. He wants us to love him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So then now the term father speaks of of the one from whom life has proceeded. That's why Jesus said, "I have come from God. I proceeded forth from God. Why did he proceed forth? Because before he proceeded forth, it was that that very act of him proceeding forth was initiated by God's love to be a father. &gt;&gt; I want to have children. I want to have a family. &gt;&gt; I'm going to have people. Hallelujah. And they are all going to be an expression of me. &gt;&gt; Oh my. So thus the father or the word expression, the word reveal, the word manifest, all of these have one thing in common and that is it speaks of a something coming forth, unfolding, unfolding that's expressing, revealing, manifesting. It's a coming forth from a source from perhaps a single source. Now in the message show us the father. Brother Brandham quotes the scripture. God was in Christ. Who was he in? God was in Christ. The unfolding. God was in that unfolding. to reconcile the world to himself. So there's something in that mystery of him. Just hold on to it. Now something in that it was always mystical when God would unfold himself. I'll just drop this in so you can get where I'm going. And this is kind of the heart of one of the thoughts. I want to make a distinction between Christ and Jesus. And I want to make a distinction between the revelation, the manifestation, and the revelation. And I'm going to show you all through the scripture where in this unfolding, God is revealing himself. Now, don't get confused. God is revealing himself. But it doesn't mean that the people had the revelation. God manifested himself. So the manifestation would happen but because it was the unfolding of God to and and and it was being initiated by his desire to express himself so that he could reconcile his own back to him. But when it was being unfolded, it was so mysterious &gt;&gt; and the people couldn't understand what was happening. Couldn't identify even what was happening. And that's where I'm going to be going now just in a moment. So now said and show us the father said uh Jesus God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself. He said that's exactly what it was. And now look in the beginning he says there I see that great space yonder and then the logos went out from God. The logos which was the word it went out of God which was the Christ. the anointing that went out. So that's the agent that is the that's the force that whereby God would create in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh but in the beginning was God and the prophet is telling us how the anointing went out. I see this light. I see this little halo. He says it in a couple places. I see it coming out from God. &gt;&gt; And he said it was the anointing. &gt;&gt; It was Christ. Says another place it was the son of God. What is it? It was coming out as a son because he was a father and he loved fatherhood. &gt;&gt; So he conceived in his mind. This must be a son. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It'll be like me. &gt;&gt; He'll act like me. He'll speak like me. He'll be my son. He'll know. He'll be my son because I love fatherhood. &gt;&gt; I want to be a father. I want something to express me. See where it all comes back. And here the prophet of God is bringing it so precisely. Don't don't miss it. He said that's the first thing that was in his mind way in the back part of his mind before anything was created. He had in the back part of his mind. I want to be expressed. How's the best way to be expressed is in my son. But not only my son &gt;&gt; also in many other ways he would express himself. &gt;&gt; So it's the coming forth the logos the word the creative power the attributes coming out of God. And so he said now look in the beginning and he said this anointing went out and we're standing on the banister watching the watching the creation come into existence. That's why people say God and creation. That's why the prophet said, "God is in creation. God is in creation. God's in his word. God's in his people watching the creation come into existence and see whether he was his son." Now the attitude and who is God? He said it's similar but just slightly different. So you just take it as a class. Will you do that? Logos that went out. He says, "And that was the logos that went out of God." Notice it went out of God in the beginning. That was the son of God that came out of the bosom of the father. That was what was in the beginning was the word. And the word was with God. And the word was God. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. In the beginning it w in the beginning was God. And then out of God came the logos, a part of God that went out of God. So a part of God went out of God. And now you can read John 1 and 1:3. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. And the same was the same was in the beginning with God and all things were made by him and without him was nothing made that was made. &gt;&gt; So now we have the process of of redemption coming forth. So now the the scripture I read as a text to that God was in Christ. God was in Christ reconciling the world unto himself. Here's a phrase I'd like you to remember. Manifested but not yet revealed. Manifested. Now you are all believers here on a Wednesday evening. I'm sure of the message. God has manifested himself. And that's not that's not where the difficulty comes. God manifests freely himself. He manifests himself. He reveals himself. He displays his fatherhood. He shows his attributes. He He does it in the clearest way. He speaks it in his word. Where the difficulty is for us is to have a personal revelation &gt;&gt; from God that that is God. You know, I'll put it this way. Sometimes we have difficulty maybe with another brother or another sister or another family or another situation or we may have as individuals we have or maybe something that we have that presents us with a challenge or we struggle with it. And we need to be very very observant and very uh careful because I I I will suggest to you that it may well be God &gt;&gt; dealing in that very situation or dealing through that very person or bringing you into a specific type of situation that may well be God and you haven't caught on to it yet. David got the revelation when that enemy spat in his face. His his warrior that was with him. Faithful warrior protecting his king. Was he a believer? Absolutely he was a believer. Did he believe David was an anointed? Absolutely he believed he was anointed. Was he there to do his job? He was standing at his post of duty. I'm not going to let that man spit in my lord's face. I'll take his head off. He thought that was the will of God. David said, you know, don't do it. God told him to do it. &gt;&gt; One and it had Oh, stay with me, friends. When that man spat in in his face, that was actually a manifestation of God because it was reflecting what was going to happen to his son. &gt;&gt; So they both saw the manifestation &gt;&gt; but only one got the revelation. That's very deep, &gt;&gt; believe it or not. &gt;&gt; Because if anything has taken place since brother Brandham's message when he was here and the first pull, the second pull and the opening of the word, we could say that this was the in the clearest terms the manifestation God in the revealing of the son of man. The manifestation of God. Only a handful got the revelation &gt;&gt; that it was God. &gt;&gt; Now in both the Old Testament and the New Testament, the word manifest describes God's revelation of himself or his purposes in the world. God and his purposes are hidden from the unbelieving and revealed to his children but un but but not revealed to sinful men, sinful humans. The type the word that God was manifest yet many who saw the manifestation did not recognize that it was God. these in other words they did not receive a personal revelation that it was God. So now I want to just describe in the next few minutes the various groups that saw the manifestation. They saw the manifestation but they could not distinguish or identify what it was they were looking at. Jesus was God manifested in the flesh. The scripture tells us that. And the people saw the manifestation but no revelation. His life was was God being manifested. Yet it was not revealed to them as it was to Peter. I have I have so many so many examples of it. I just have to throw a few out. The thief on the cross saw the same manifestation &gt;&gt; that the apostles had. The apostles saw that was God manifesting himself in his sacrifice offering his son. They were actually looking at the mercy seat in full view. &gt;&gt; That's what was manifested. They actually saw God's only begotten son paying the full price of of sin. They were actually seeing the manifestation was that that the seed of the woman was crushing the serpent's head. &gt;&gt; That was the manifestation. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But that was not the revelation. &gt;&gt; They didn't know what was happening. They were in confusion. They thought the kingdom is crushing. And the and the thief on the cross said, "Lord, remember me when you come into your kingdom." He saw him as a king entering into his kingdom. And he had a revelation that even the apostles didn't have as yet. &gt;&gt; In the message, Christ the mystery of God revealed you also. And I'm bringing this so that it will, you know, it will, I think, tweak on your thoughts when you come to the line. Brother Brandon quite early comes into it and he goes to Luke the 24th chapter with the two men on the way to Emmas. As far as the manifestation is concerned, they were looking at the resurrected Christ. That's what was manifested. Resurrected Christ in another realm, in another body. They were looking at the manifestation. but that Christ had to go back to the scripture and make references to himself in the scripture in in a in in an attempt to get them to a point of revelation of what it was they were looking at. &gt;&gt; Are you following me? &gt;&gt; They were walking with the manifested word of God. They were walking with God manifesting himself right beside them. It was God. &gt;&gt; They didn't. They thought it was a stranger. &gt;&gt; Isn't that amazing? &gt;&gt; As good believers, as fervent fervent believers, it could be you. &gt;&gt; It could be me. It could be even in the rapture that we so anticipate that there will be a similar event. And that's really my purpose of preaching this. We're in such anticipation of the rapture. I can tell you that I personally believe that it will unfold in a way that it will take just a divine intervention of God to reveal it to us and say, "Wake up. You're in the rapture. &gt;&gt; You're right in the middle of the change. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You could see the manifestation, but it will take the divine grace of God to reveal to you what is happening. I can show it all through the scripture. Amen. &gt;&gt; When Moses came out, when he came out to the people and the scripture says that God, this same Moses that the people refused, God made a deliverer. He was a deliverer. He was manifesting him, God was manifesting himself as a deliverer. The people didn't catch it. They did not catch it. They refused him and they rejected him. And yet it was God being manifested. &gt;&gt; Various groups, I said, saw the manifestation in John 7 and 28. You won't turn to it, but I'll just read it. Then cried Jesus in the temple as he taught, saying, notice now closely, Jesus cried in the temple as he taught, saying, You both know me and you know whence I am, and I am not come of myself, but he that sent me is true, whom you know not. So he said, "So you know me and you know whence I am where I came from and I am not I'm not come of myself, but he that sent me is true whom you know not." But in John 8 and 19, Jesus puts it this way. Then said they unto him, "Where is thy father?" Jesus answered, "You neither know me nor my father. If you had known me, you surely would know my father also. &gt;&gt; So in one place he says, you know me and you know where I'm from, but you don't know who sent me. &gt;&gt; And then in another place in the eth chapter, because in the eighth chapter there gets a great debate. If you read the eighth chapter, the great debate is about who has who is a father. And that is where Jesus finally told them, you're of your father, the devil, &gt;&gt; and his deeds you do. For he was a murderer from the beginning. In other words, they were an expression of that their father because they were trying to kill him and Jesus was an expression of his father. And there he told exactly where the two seeds come from. &gt;&gt; The serpent seed is so evident in the eighth chapter of John. And that is where Jesus said and they said unto him, "Where is your father?" He said, "You don't know me nor my father. And if you had known me, you should have known my father also." So they didn't know him. They that was one group. They didn't understand him at all. And the and the message of Queen of Sheba, Queen of the South rather, the prophet says, "If the mighty works had been done," and he stops and breaks. If the mighty works had been done, he says, "And you see the works of God had been manifested, but the people turned it down and they called him Bill Bub." So he said, "So they saw the work manifested. They saw it manifested." You have too. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I have too. And because because God reveals himself, we can prove that. We can prove God sent a prophet. We can prove it by the scripture. We can prove it by the works. We can prove it by infallible proofs that God has done all these things. And you can I find all kinds of people agree with it. But you know what the you know what the dilemma is. They're able to agree with all of that but unable to identify God right beside them. &gt;&gt; God right in the service. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; How do you know? But what God isn't trying to say something to you &gt;&gt; this evening, not brother Ed, but God trying to prepare you. Maybe God's trying to tell you something. You thought that you thought that was a a bad thing happening to you. It's me. &gt;&gt; That's it. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's God that's allowed it. It's me that's allowed it. Do you know why? He loves the fatherhood and he wants real sons and real daughters and whatever he needs to do, he's going to do that to bring them through to sunship. &gt;&gt; Because he loves fatherhood. &gt;&gt; Oh my. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You maybe have to say hold him back because I don't want to get on to but this is where I'm coming Sunday. Lord willing. &gt;&gt; He says, "Now the resurrection took place and was manifested but not yet revealed to the disciples." It's important for us to know not only what we believe. Say, "Oh, I believe the serpent seat. Believe the oneness of the Godhead. Been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. I believe all that." But it's important to also know why we believe it. &gt;&gt; Why do we believe what we believe? Not only what do we believe, but why do we believe it? &gt;&gt; I'm I'm I'm saying some of these things and just dropping it off perhaps abruptly. Now, God was in Christ. I'm just going to give this next little portion and I'm going to close. God was in Christ when and it was in Abraham. &gt;&gt; Would you agree with that? F follow this very very closely because there's uh some things you need God to help you with. God was in Christ when he manifested a portion of himself through Abraham. He says, "But Abraham, when he found out that Lot had been taken, that was part of Abraham's possession." What a picture of Christ. &gt;&gt; Hang on to it. What a picture of Christ in Abraham there coming after the enemy had captured everything and Christ come and brought us back again. &gt;&gt; That's Christ and Abraham. What a picture of Christ and Abraham. But like you notice the manifestation and the revelation. They differ. &gt;&gt; The manifestation and the revelation can differ. Amen. &gt;&gt; And the Lord appeared. Who appeared? &gt;&gt; Who appeared? &gt;&gt; The Lord appeared to Abram in the plains of Mammer as he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day. And he lift up his eyes. This is how the Lord appeared. He lift up his eyes and looked. And lo, three men stood by him. And when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door and bowed himself toward the ground. That was the manifestation. But the revelation said, "And my Lord." &gt;&gt; So the manifestation was three men coming. But the revelation was that it was one. &gt;&gt; So the manifestation and the revelation can quite differ. You might go back to brother Deoka's service and many times they've spoken here also and you hear the prophet saying in the fifth chapter of revelation when uh the angel said weep not John for the lion of the tribe of Judah hath prevailed and he turns to see that manifestation but the revelation was it was a lamb &gt;&gt; because it was the merging of those offices &gt;&gt; which I don't want to get into that now. So the manifestation and the revelation can differ now in a message proving his word is a powerful powerful message towards the end. Brother Brandham says things about the son of man and remember when you run into son of man I hope you'll see it differently from now on is when you hear and see the son of man you'll think he loved fatherhood. That's why Luke 17:30 happened. That's why you're living under that is because God loved fatherhood. That's why you're enjoying what you're enjoying because God love fatherhood. &gt;&gt; So he wanted to reveal his son, the son of man. Now you see where brother Brandham's position was. &gt;&gt; What an office. &gt;&gt; What a place. What a high calling &gt;&gt; to take a man on the face of the earth born of a woman and born in sin. But salvation is so powerful and so complete that God himself could come and unveil himself &gt;&gt; through that vessel and declare his word and many saw the manifestation. Few got the revelation but thank God some have got the remen. [Applause] Thank God. And you got the revelation because God loved fatherhood. He wanted to be a father. &gt;&gt; Perhaps some here have not yet been a father and you're married and you're not a father yet. Multiply that by 10 million times and still you haven't even come into the even near what was in God because God had life in him. God had redemption in him. God had healing in him. God had deliverance in him. God had power in him. God had power to create in him. How will I do this? I'll send the anointing out from me. Hallelujah. And that anointing will eventually be my son. And that is why the great secret the great secret I have to drop this in so you'll ponder the great secret that was in in God's mind was when that anointing had gone and moved down down through Abraham through Joseph reflected through Isaac reflected through David through Samuel being rejected through David the king through Solomon and and on down and on down until finally it came into one man. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Jesus Christ in its perfection. And God had a son. Had a son. And that and that son was going to be the beginning of the new creation. &gt;&gt; And that was a creative power. &gt;&gt; Creative power. &gt;&gt; Because that anointing was a creative power. And the apex, the apex, the pinnacle of that anointing was when God came in his personal presence to the earth. &gt;&gt; And he did it in Jesus. And he did it in our time. &gt;&gt; Revelation 10. &gt;&gt; Revelation 10 is his personal presence coming. And that is why it is such a focal. That is why it's such a vortex. That's why it's so disputed is because people they saw the manifestation but didn't catch the revelation. That is the apex, the pinnacle of the secret. And that's why the prophet calls it the great secret in the back part of God's mind was his personal presence coming. And that's why it was silence in heaven. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's why the angels couldn't know. That's why even Jesus as a son on earth, he couldn't know. It was too great a secret. [Applause] But I want to drop it in. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And God would have a people on earth &gt;&gt; who would actually have caught the revelation of what it was. They say that's not just a manifestation, but it's God's personal presence. [Applause] &gt;&gt; The great secret is unfolding. &gt;&gt; And then they become aware &gt;&gt; that's God in me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That's not some theory. That's not just some doctrine. That's not just some manifestation that the denominational world is all caught up with manifestation. But this group got a revelation. &gt;&gt; I'll tell you what, friends. Give me the manifest. Give me the revelation. You can have all the manifestation you want. &gt;&gt; Give me the revelation. &gt;&gt; Whether you see anything or not, give me the revelation that that which is in me is God. And that's why the Apostle Paul said this great mystery among the Gentiles which is Christ &gt;&gt; in you the hope of glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Christ the anointing in you. &gt;&gt; And I'll just read this and close and it's proving his word. But he says, "Now remember that was not Jesus talking to Abraham back there." Wasn't Jesus talking to Abraham back there? I said I was going to make a distinction between Christ and Jesus. &gt;&gt; He said that was not Jesus talking to Abraham there that could discern the thoughts in Sarah's mind behind him. That was not Jesus. He had not yet been born. But it was a man in human flesh that Abraham called Elohim the Almighty. &gt;&gt; That is why brother Brandham says if you make me Jesus, you make me antichrist. &gt;&gt; But he did not say that he could not be an anointed one. &gt;&gt; And furthermore dispense it to you and say you are Messiah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And he had his portion and you have your portion. And pray that God would give you revelation. I don't need to have signs and wonders and manifestation. I need a revelation and it's God in me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How's that for Wednesday? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I think we ought to stand and sing, I got the life of God in me. &gt;&gt; If you haven't got the revelation, I pray that God will give you the revelation. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I got the life of God in me. &gt;&gt; It's not just some, you know, emotional thing. It's a reality. That's his word. You believe it? All right. The life of God. [Music] I got the life of God. [Music] I got the I got the life of God in me. I've got the life of God in me. I've got the life of God in me. I've got his life and his ability. I've got the life of God in me. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Say, who do you say this is? God &gt;&gt; in his body. God in his bride. &gt;&gt; And if you're going to take what Apostle Paul says, what the prophet God says it, God in me. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You have God in you, you won't necessarily be well thought of or well spoken of or anything else, but you need to know who it is. &gt;&gt; Amen. May God grant it. I've got the life of I [Music] and his life of God. [Music] I was just praying. Thank you. Father, we're so thankful. Your word is so full, so rich, invigorating for us. It gives us such zeal and courage to go on. And I pray, Lord, any heaviness or weight that the enemy would try to put on, oh God, let it be broken free, let it be cast off. I pray that you'll give revelation, revelation, the spirit of revelation to your dear people. Oh, how we love them and how we as a people love you, Lord. Father, our father, how you so touched me today just for me to be able to lift my head, my eyes to you and say, "My father, you love fatherhood. You reveal yourself in your son. And now in your children, now in your bride." That's why we are what we are. That's why the bride is what she is. That's why we're feeding on what we're feeding on. That's why our ministers preach what they preach. because you love fatherhood and you've revealed yourself to us. I ask you to bless this people. Bless them. Bless them, Father, for having come and taken this evening. And now may their fellowship be sweet. May their conversation be uplifting. And may we say nice things about one another and to one another and pray for one another. Dismiss us with your grace and bring us again, Lord, to prayer service Friday. the Lord's the Lord's day, the whole day. Let it be a day that will be so uplifting. Come amongst us, God, and do what you would be pleased to do. Let us come with no special format, Lord, and no special formalities, but come in amongst us, oh God, and do what would be pleasing to you. And may you get glory, great glory to your name. In Jesus Christ we ask it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And I say, God bless you. Thank you for your kind attention. Thank you for saying sometimes um uh amen that said scum. And I was actually secretly praying that you would kind of hold me back because I didn't want to blow my wad. You know, that's that's an old-timer's phrase. But God bless you. You're all dismissed in Jesus name. Our brother Jay is here for prayer. All right. Maybe let let's just sing uh let's just sing only believe our brother has a need in his body. Right. Oh, [Music] all [Music] things are possible. Holy, holy, holy. All things are possible. [Music] Holy. [Music] All things are possible only. Oh, [Music] all things are possible. All &gt;&gt; I receive, Lord. I receive Lord. I receive all things are possible. [Music] Lord I receive. Lord I receive. Lord, I receive all things are possible. Glor [Music] Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus [Music] is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. [Music] All things are possible. Jesus is here. For Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is king. All things are possible. [Music] Jesus is here. &gt;&gt; I say God bless you. And when you shake hands with another person, another one of the redeemed ones who the son of man has revealed himself to. And you know it's God in that individual. And greet it as that. Greet them as that. God bless you. You're dismissed in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] God. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] The Lord Heat. Heat. I am healing. [Applause] [Music] Lord, [Music] no matter where I go, he loves my He loves my heal. [Music] God. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. He know his spirit. [Music]
