################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2008-06-22 - v08 0622 The Mystery of Christ In You-2 Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2008-06-22
Title:    v08 0622 The Mystery of Christ In You-2: Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 35m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8OYhFdpGdxg
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. God, you are worthy. Worthy is your name. Oh Jesus, the lamb of God. is your way and taking my sin, my cross, my shame, rising again, I bless your name. You are my holy Lord. And when I fall down, you lift me up. When I am crying, you are my Jesus. Jesus. your name. Oh Jesus. Jesus, you're the lamb of God. Worthy. And let's sing that last verse again. Taking my sin. Taking my sin, my cross, my shame. Rising again, I bless your name. You are my holy one. Oh, and when I fall down, you lift me up. When I am cry, you fill my cup. You are my holy Jesus. Jesus forever. your name of God. Oh Jesus. Lord Jesus. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name, man. Brother Ryan, Brother Ken are going to help me sing this song. We've sung it before. You sing along with us. So many times I've questioned certain circumstances, things I could not understand. So many times in trials, weakness, my visions, my frustration gets so out of hand. Instead, I am reminded that I've never been forsaken and I've never had to stand one chance alone. As I look at all the victories, then the spirit rises up in me and is to the fire. My weakness is made strong. Oh, he never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to find. He never offered our victories without fighting. He said we're always just remember standing in the valley of decision and the adversary say just my Lord will show up will and he will take you through the dry again. I know within myself that I will surely perish. But if I trust the mighty hand of God, he'll shield the flames again. Oh, he never promised that the cross would not get he and the hill would not be hard to he never victory without fight but he said help would always just remember We're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary say and he will take you through the fire again. He never promised that the cross would not be without. Oh, just remember where standing in the valley of decision will show up and he will take you through the fire again. I am redeemed by the price. Jesus has changed my whole life. who I am. Tell me I am where I am. I will Jesus has my life. If anybody just I am will tell them I am. Thank you Lord that I am redeemed by the way of Christ. Will Jesus has changed my life. If anybody tells you just who I am, will tell them I am redeemed. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We worship you this morning, Lord. We're so thankful for what you've done in our lives, Lord Jesus. Glory to your name, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Want to go to prayer at this time and I'm going to ask our brother John Andy's, Brother John, if you'd come and open the service in a word of prayer. I want to remember uh Brother Kim Dingwall. Uh I believe brother Michael Ray is there as well over in the Philippines and uh they're setting up uh the saints there with uh a local printing operation. So we want to remember them. God would just have his perfect way. I want you to continue to uh remember the uh testimony that's going out on Believe the Sign. We've had uh looking at the numbers the other night, 21,000 visitors in the last 6 months. We're getting 150 to 200 people every day. And uh I had a request come in uh on Thursday from a lady by the name of Barbara who lives in Green Bay, Wisconsin. and uh just say just asking that we would pray for her for personal situation for her health and also for uh spiritual guidance. So I want to remember her this morning. If you've got a need, if you're listening on in on the internet, you've got a need, you just take it before the Lord as we go to prayer. Brother John. Amen. Let's pray together. Lord, it's good to be in your house today, Lord. We can lift up our hands and lift up our hearts. Know that there's a living God that's present. Not a million miles away or behind some cloud somewhere. He's in this building. He's in our hearts. You're present, Lord. You're closer than if we could even touch your skin. You're within us. You're in our souls. You're in our lives, Lord. When we speak, it's you coming through us. Our burdens are your burdens. Our desires are your desires. We're your people. We're your sheep. We are your children. We just want to open up our lips and praise your name. Shout hallelujah. Give you glory. Give you honor. If we can lay down on our faces, we'd sing praises. Hallelujah. Oh, for a thousand tongues. Oh, for a 100 hands. Oh, for lives to spend poured out at your feet, Jesus. You called us to be alive at this hour. You knew the political pressure. You knew the demonic pressure. You knew the economic pressure. You knew the darkness we would live in. And you knew that there would be lives of men and women alive that you would anoint and you would fill and you would live through them. And Lord, we want to confess that we are those people. We are your family. We are your wife. We are your bride. We are your chosen ones. You have redeemed us. You have saved us. You have called us. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah, Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. For you have triumphed gloriously, Lord. There's miracles here, Lord. Lives of men and women. You have redeemed. You've saved our souls. We were lost. We were bound. We were in trouble. &gt;&gt; And you delivered us. You have healed us. You have filled us with the Holy Ghost. We are born again by your power, Lord. &gt;&gt; This day is an opportunity for us to be at your feet, Lord. You know our needs even before we open our mouths. &gt;&gt; You know our burdens, God, are so small when we even think about your greatness and your power, Lord. And that just in a moment, we could be in a new body. Be on the other side. Be in that other place that we've grown for for many years. Lord, may every life this morning be under the impact of your nearness. Your word Christ unveiled in our lives. So wonderful. You're so precious. You're so lovely. Father, take each heart that's here. We place ourselves on the altar. There's hands lifted up all throughout this building. There's unspoken requests on the internet and some have been spoken. We know the challenge of the hour, Lord, to go into the all the world. And sometimes we can't go, but there's some that aren't here with us this morning, but you have sent them from our midst. Our brother Kim Dingwall, our brother Michael Ray, brother Ernie Villanoeva. We hold them up, Lord. That you would bless the works of their hands and the brothers and sisters. This is your vision. This is your word. These are your thoughts. Bless them today, God. And may the things that need to come into place come into place, Lord. Unspoken requests. This sister from Wisconsin wrote in to believe the sign. And other written requests and hands are lifted up. Some are silently standing in your presence. And throughout this meeting, they need a miracle, Lord. But we believe you're a miracle worker, Lord. We believe that healing is present here in this service. By your stripes, we've already been healed. And we want to claim that for our loved ones and for those around us. Salvation is free. Deliverance is available. Counsel is here. Your heart is here. So this morning we just reverence ourselves in your presence and pray your blessing upon the meeting. Brother Rod and the singers and every activity, the prayers, the hearts that are being lifted up, our pastor. May you anoint the word that it would come to our souls that there would be answers coming through the word. And Lord, we we must just be at that moment of crossing over. May we're attentively hearing your voice. May you speak to us, God, today. And may you show yourself mighty in the sanctuary, in the fellowship hall, and the nursery, throughout the service, out through the internet lines, and the hundreds that are with us. Oh, Father, may you just fall down among us, Lord, and your spirit would just bring us to a spiritual awareness, Lord. Have your way this morning as we as we continue to praise you, Lord. as we continue to honor you as as there be love services going on throughout this day. Lord, may you receive our lives and we thank you, Lord Jesus, our heavenly father that's brought us forth out of your mind to be living expressions. We thank you for the family of God. Have your way in this meeting. Break down every stronghold. May the enemy be bound today. May darkness leave. May the light be turned on. May revelation flow freely and inspiration in the name of Jesus Christ. We thank you Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Man, you can have your seats. I want to welcome all those who are visiting with us today and particular welcome to uh Brand Brotherh Andrew Novakowsk's parents visiting with us. May we get you to stand so we can see who you are. Don't know where you are. God bless you. We're happy to have you here. Amen. And also we have Carlen and Armand Pulman who are visiting from South Africa. May we get you to stand as well. see wherever you are. Amen. God bless you. Happy to have you here with us. And any others who are visiting with us, we're real want to take the time to uh welcome you and and uh really happy to have you here with us. Uh we're going to have the the children come and sing now, the Sunday school children. And uh couple of announcements just before they come. Um there's announcement for the wedding of uh Joel Waldner and Esther Fzen. uh their uh wedding is taking place on July the 26th. It's an open ceremony. All are welcome. Let's be praying. It's always a wonderful time. And also um the last young people's meeting of the year uh or or be before the summer that is I guess um school year is going to happen on uh June the 21st. That's this Friday at 7:30 here at the church. It's the 27th rather. Yeah, 21st's already passed. Thanks, brother Tom. 27th. So, as the children are coming up, let's uh sing together. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ, his son. Give thanks with the grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ. his son. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am weak because of what the Lord has done for us. And now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am weak. Rich because of what the Lord have done for I give thanks once again. Oh, give thanks with a grave. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ, his son. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he's given Jesus Christ for his son. And now let the weak say I am strong and let the poor say I am rich. because of what the Lord has done for us. Give thanks. Lord, I I want to be a blessing to you. Jesus I can do this all my soul. I give it all to you cuz I want to be a blessing and I be a blessing too. My grandpa is a preacher. My daddy is a teacher working for the Lord every day. Grandma's on the keyboard. Daddy plays the guitar. Sing testify all the way. And everybody's busy now doing their part to get the gospel message through. Is there something I could do? I want to be a blessing. I can do this. I give it all to you. I want to be a blessing. Can I be a blessing to you? &gt;&gt; Sire was running his kingdom as he turned his people back to the Lord. Little David fought the giant that was being quite defiant. Killed him with a sleigh and a sword. And Jesus, when you were just 12 years old, you did your father's business, too. So, I'm ready and I'm waiting. Is there something I can do? I want to be a Is there something I can do? Heat. Heat. a blessing to take this little I give it all to you cuz I want to be a blessing to be a blessing to you. All right. A little lamb gallops through the grass. He feels so long and stops to rest beside his friend. A lion large and strong. And though I'm small, a playful grizzly follows timidly. I stroke his fur without a fear. He will never hurt me. That's where I'm going. That's where I'm going. That's where I'm going to. That's where I'm going. That's where I'm going. That's where I'm going. I don't feel the darkness. There is only light and every day it's beautiful. So I can play outside &gt;&gt; and I get to talk to grandpa. So when I never got to know, he tells me just to take my thousand years to come home. That's where I'm going. That's where I'm going. That's where I'm going. That's where I'm going. That's where I'm going. That's where I'm going. Everyone is smiling. Laughter fills the air. No one s hurting. Only peace. That's where I'm going. That's where I'm going. That's where I always do. That's where I'm going. That's where I'm going. That's where I'm going. That's where I'm going. That's where I'm going. That's where I'm going to. That's where I'm going. That's where I'm going. That's where I'm going. the heritage of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Um just for the very first uh song that the children sang, uh why it's so special this morning is uh each little one of them wanting to do their own little part. And uh it's absolutely amazing what the sum of the whole can do. And uh so brother Biscll, we can have you come to accept the Sunday school's missionary offering this year. And I'll have sister Risha come up with the envelope. And our um brother Matthew, if you can work your way over here with the uh ammo box. You don't lift that, do you? Well, thank you. This is a mission offering from the Sunday school for 2008 was a designated for it's designated uh the Sunday school mission missionary offering. The children of Cloverdale Bible Way Sunday School wish to present their missionary offering for the year of 2008. The offering is uh $934.32 Canadian and $393.15 US for a total of $132747. In consultation with Bible believers, this year's offering has been dedicated to the installation of the very first message hub for the Punjab state in the country of India. Brother Richard Drake. God bless you. God bless your children. &gt;&gt; Amen. and give you many more wonderful years at Bible way uh Bible way uh Sunday school and also Christian Academy. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Amen. They want to sing some more. I think as they're seated, let's uh let's sing I have a maker. He formed my heart. I have a maker. before my heart. And before even time began, my life was in his hand. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees. He sees. He fears that fall and hear me when I call. And I have a father. He calls me his own and he'll never leave me. No matter where I go, he knows my name. He knows my every sear that falls and hears me. Oh, aren't you glad that he knows he knows my name and he knows my heart and he sees See each teen. Sing it once again. He knows my name. I am He knows he knows I am. He thought and said to her and me when I &gt;&gt; God bless you. &gt;&gt; Does it ever occur to you where do all those children sit? That was the first question came into my mind. And the second one was, is the lineup ever going to quit coming down the aisle? It just marvelous. Uh this is the closing of uh most of the school activities uh different schools whether be high or middle school or uh US or on the Canadian side. the school term is closing at this time and so there's been it's been a busy time with you know graduations and various ceremonies. I never knew that they graduated out of kindergarten but they do if you folks don't know that they do they graduate out of kindergarten and then they start with uh one and then they graduate at grade seven and then they're going into middle school I guess. And uh so they have all kinds of graduations. I just give up. Uh all we can do I think we need to start a printing press and print cards, graduation cards. Every time I turn around, my wife is buying cards for some graduation at some level. And uh I thought it would be appropriate this morning to give a special thanks to our brother uh Timberman's, Mr. Randy Timberman's and to his teaching staff, the teachers of the school that have contributed so so much to the children of this congregation. only eternity will actually reveal or we won't be able to tally it up in this life what has been contributed to the to the students to those that are Sunday school teachers as well uh you have such a valuable time with them such interesting time but the school especially because it's here every day and I would like uh to really have your attention for a moment. There are those of us here who uh we do not have children in our home. They're perhaps like myself, what they call empty nesters. Uh there are others who are single uh perhaps single parents or single unmarried throughout the congregation and uh uh all various status and levels of of life. But I can tell you that the school is an incredible investment for us as believers. Just an incredible investment. Now, I know that uh many of our students are in a uh regular school system and so be it. It needs to be uh on on occasion. It has to happen that way. That's the decision of the parents and we we just don't get involved with that. That's up to you. But I can say one thing. This is a marvelous, marvelous atmosphere. Uh and and we're very very committed to the school. The Lord willing. There will be turning sod for the new school building which was going to be on the far corner of the property. It'll be two stories. It is going to house up to 225 students. And when you have as many as uh maybe 20 students joining this year, it's going to be a considerable uh uh complement to uh to to the number of students that are coming. Now we have a we have a very special and very unique situation in that we are both a Canadian and American congregation. that just happens to be the fact and we will probably continue to be that for uh the foreseeable future. Uh and and and as time has gone on, the reality just simply is that the congregation has become more merged with uh young ladies and young men becoming married, sometimes from both sides of the border, sometimes internationally from other places overseas and whatever that might be. We have some special challenges with the school and with the with the uh level of teaching, the number of teachers that are needed, the the facility that is needed. We are not able to accommodate it here in the Sunday school rooms anymore. We've we've done everything that we can. We've adjusted office space etc. But we find that the we believe and this is my personal unequivocal conviction that the school is a valuable valuable compliment and asset to our spiritual life and well-being of of this church of the message and I believe it with all my heart with the rising costs with the fuel. Uh do you know that uh uh uh one of the brothers I was just talking to told me that it was 10% of his entire gross salary is going to the is going to the fuel just to bring the children back and forth to come to the church and bring them every day. Now, I don't know what the whole answer is, but I'm feeling that I may have to meet with the uh with the school staff and the and the teachers because I do not want to see uh young people and parents who have children who want to be desperately want to be in the school and maybe just cannot afford. They might be able to afford a portion, but they can't afford the whole amount. And we have had a a program over the years of sponsoring children. And it might be that you're here and you don't have any children. You're single. You're not even married perhaps yet. But you may see if I ever do have children, I want them in that school. And uh I think that I would like to uh see the the congregation take it upon themselves as the Holy Spirit would burden your heart and say, you know, I want to make a contribution towards these children. I want to invest in the children. And we're not taking any offering. You you know that. But yet, I don't apologize. I don't back away from making this known. It's a challenge that I think we need to rise and meet. And uh I would like to see that we would have uh that we would have a fund that we would have adequate uh adequate funds available and that the uh parents who simply who who who would qualify for it uh would would be able to have their children in the school. And then uh I I would just like to see also that if God and we really need to pray uh because the the border is uh difficult. It's increasingly difficult. Uh quite frankly, I would like to see them be able to pull pull the children to the border and have them walk across and have a have a van on this side pick them up and bring them to school. That's what I would like to see. I don't know if the border would allow that. Uh, I know you should be able to walk across, but I mean if they came up from the Lynen side, it came up from the Blaine side, it would only take two two vehicles to pull them and bring them to the border, let them walk across and have them picked up here. Then it would involve so many less people and uh parents wouldn't have to be driving back and forth and back and forth every day, especially when we have these huge costs of uh fuel the way it is right now. I thought I would just say that. And uh but if you wish to contribute uh you could do that any time. You could do that immediately for the next year because the tuition costs must increase in order to give them the kind of facility that they need. And your gift would just be an assistant to them. If you want to uh sponsor a child, that's also possible. You can just call the call the school or call the church office and we would just do what you can. I believe in it with all my heart. I really, really do. And I see and sometimes there's children and they just get a hold of my heart and I can't let them go. I have personally sponsored children who grew up and they have gone away from God. Uh they have gone away from following the Lord in the light of the of this message. Uh but I have never regretted putting that young man through school. I never regretted it because I know one thing. He heard things. He saw things. He saw an example in the in the teachers. He was in church. He was part of these things. You can never get away from it. &gt;&gt; Never never get away from it. And what we do, friends, is not for time. &gt;&gt; It's for eternity. &gt;&gt; Amen. While we are seated here today, our brother Ernie, brother uh Kim and brother Michael are in the Philippines. And just to give you a bit of an idea uh uh from brother Kim, he just said uh we have arrive we have had several meetings this week with the hub team and are appointed and moving and are appointed and moving. We arrive on Friday and we'll be setting up equipment on Friday. Saturday will be spent training brothers Vernon Rex and a few IT volunteers available to us. Sunday is uh is service and resetting equipment in the evening. Monday we will be training ministers and their assistance in the operation of printing many books. There will be about eight sites represented at the Monday meeting complete with their computers. So we won't have to travel to those sites. Tuesday to Thursday, we will be traveling throughout the Philippines, uh, setting up print stations. We expect to complete about 11 in total while we are there. And this leaves brother Rex to set up the remaining four and outlying areas. Uh, the portion of this project should be on cruise control at this time and I would like to discuss the future direction. I'd like to just say to the congregation this last week, you did see the website and uh brother Kim displayed it u uh went through it with you, but they have already it was just I didn't bring it, but they just arrived and and and brother Dingwall sent me a a manual, an operating manual. I don't know how in the world it was 22 pages. Uh I was told, you know, brother Ernie sent an email. They they picked the brothers up at the airport after that very very long flight. They left here at 2 2:00 a.m. in the morning. Had to be to the airport 3 hours ahead of the flight. So they had to be at the airport at 11:00. They left out at 2:00 a.m. in the morning. Flew to Taiwan. Had a layover uh 3 to four to 5 hours. Caught another flight and then flew directly to Manila. Arrived at Manila. They picked him up at the airport and took him right to the Bible believer's office. I I say that's without mercy. And then they start this kind of a schedule because they only have like about one week. In the meantime, the devil is working overtime and the printers are caught in Los Angeles. And for some unknown reason, if you've ever heard anything like this, the forwarding agent who's supposed to forward all these printers from Huelet Packard gets these printers and refuses to accept them. And we get into a great big kaibosh. Don't even let me get into trying to explain this and FedEx delivers them the second time to the forwarders and the forwarders refuse to accept them. Says, "Well, there's something here and something there." And so right now there that whole thing is kind of up in the air. Brother Derek has been working night and day on this situation. So, let's play that pray that God will blast through uh with a victory for us and get these. Couldn't be anything simpler. You're just shipping a bunch of printers, but they're not going to get over there. If they don't go right away Monday morning, they won't get over there in time. But you can see how God has prepared. Uh uh Michael told me in a text that the young men are in their late teens and early 20s and they're just caught onto that hub like that. I took brother Dioa into my office here and I I went through the hub with him and I can tell you he caught he caught the vision. He could see putting these into various places and brother Gary I was encouraged that you had gone on to the internet and tied into it. Do you realize that these various stations that are going to the different uh pastors and different works and individuals, do you realize that anybody with a computer may be able to print their own mach print their own book? And and and when these brothers gathered in the Philippines, they they just said, you know, what book do you want to print? The the brothers here, not brother, not brother Kim, not brother Ernie, not brother Michael. They just had one of the brothers there that they had just gone through the whole thing and complete the manual and showed them how to set the whole thing up. Had the brother right there. He goes on the internet, pulls down the message he wanted to pull down, printed it right there at the printer, stapled it and folded it and had held a book in his hand. He says, "I I tell you what." Then they got excited. &gt;&gt; Then they got excited. And each one of these will serve all the smaller works, smaller churches. So you could take you say well 20 printers that doesn't sound like a lot but when you when you say 20 maybe each one of them handling 10 little groups of churches you suddenly have 200 churches &gt;&gt; when you talk about 40 for India which is the next thing the next project is 40 for India you're talking about approximately 400 churches and maybe more then it becomes very very substantial so I can tell you that that work is uh I believe it's actually going to revolutionize the way people uh look upon receiving the message. Going to completely revolutionize it. Amen. Have I said enough? No, I haven't. Couple more things. Oh, you're so nice and respectful. I appreciate it. Beginning next Sunday, you all listening? Beginning next Sunday, June the 29th, if that's a long weekend here, we're going to be commencing one service on Sunday. Commencing June the 29th. That's next Sunday. We'll just be one service here. And then through July and August will be one service on Sundays here. Besides what is going on at the border, we need to really pray that there won't be any unnecessary uh uh hold up. Uh the there are some union problems on the amongst the Canadian border uh officers and while the officers themselves are not permitted to to uh walk off the job uh they can slow things down even further and that's not nice. So uh we're not bowing to that but that's just some of the realities that may take place. They're trying to prevent it and but we don't know and we we need to pray that it will be prevented. The borders enough problem but there will be one Sunday service starting June the 29th for and then continuing through July and and August it's about 10 weeks. July the 5th we are going to have a camp fellowship day. Uh a lot of folks said well we don't know a lot about it. Well you don't really need to know a lot about it. It's just going to be a day we're inviting you to come out to the camp uh about noon or if you want to come just a wee bit earlier that's fine but uh starting about noon and till 6:00. It'll be like an open house. Now it's not there's not a service as such. It's going to be just an informal time of fellowship. We plan to have a a a large barbecue and uh just so we can have some lunch. brother Raymond, who we know is our devoted and very very busy chef. He's going to be there and barbecuing some roasts for us and uh have some maybe some baked salads, etc., etc. We'll speak to the sisters. Uh and it's just going to be a day like that. Some of the perhaps the folks who have play guitars or something may bring their guitars and have some time of fellowship. But what we really want to do, we're going to have some of the senior young people designated as tour guides and they are going to be uh they're going to be informed ahead of time. So they'll be perfectly educated in what what has taken place at the camp so they can answer your questions and takes groups of maybe 15 to 20. Now listen folks, I have several from this congregation who went there year after year to the to the meeting. They arrived there at the meeting night, went into the tent, were part of the thousand people that were there in the tent, came back out to their car, drove out and never did know that there were other buildings up the up the hillside. Never knew anything about the cabins. Never know knew anything about how the camp functioned, how it operated. Perhaps never were in the dining room. Well, this the tour guides, these young men and young ladies are going to take groups of say 15 to 20, whatever is comfortable, going to be able to take you through and show you everything that has happened in the last 6 8 months. And I can tell you then you will appreciate uh a much much have a much greater appreciation for what our brother Chris Peterson and brother Randy Snow have been doing. They have been working very very hard at that camp and then all the others that have been there. So this is for everyone. We want you to see what this is. We want the church and every congregation as it is your life, your contribution that has made this possible and we want you to be able to emotionally take ownership of it sort of thing. We also want to be able to introduce to you that this camp is going to be operating also on a on a like a retreat basis. Everybody tries to get some time off and get away someplace and go over to the island or go to the San Juans or whatever more just to get a place of, you know, where you can kind of catch your breath and whatever more. Well, we want to turn the camp into that kind of a place also where you'll be able to go online and book some days and and and occupy some of these buildings. So, we'd like you to see what the what the buildings are like and what is there. So, uh that's part of what this day of fellowship is going to be. Just going to be a free open time and you can come and go as you wish. If you need to leave, we will be eating probably between 2 and 3:00 in the afternoon. And you may wonder why I'm making this kind of announcement is it's kind of uh kind of my idea. I wanted as a pastor to invite you as a congregation to come out and just spend some nice time together. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, and I and I know I know this I know this congregation very well because I've been here a long time. And soon as they say, "Well, aren't we going to have a service?" No, we're not going to have a service because soon as you say that, that means somebody's got to study and preach. And I'm going there to relax, too. Is that all right? &gt;&gt; All right. I think I've said everything except preach. No, I didn't say everything. I got email first thing I got email from from New Zealand. God bless you that are streaming in New Zealand. I got email early this morning from Switzerland. God bless you that are streaming from Switzerland. And they said, "We just tied into the hub." They did what you did, Brother Gary. We just tied into the hub. We think this is marvelous. We want to send an offering to set up some print stations, some hub print stations. So, we just got to say, God bless to the people that are streaming and in in the UK and in Norway and all over Europe and down in Switzerland. some people there just faithfully over in India streaming all the time. Uh over in Africa, different countries in Africa. Uh so we just say God bless all of our friends that are streaming. Can we say God bless you? &gt;&gt; God bless you. Amen. Let's stand and sing. We're standing on holy ground and I'm going to have you open your Bibles if you would. Uh we're going to read out of Second Corinthians where we read last Wednesday. 2 Corinthians 5 just verses 17 to18 and then we're going to read also out of Colossians the first chapter starting at verse 18. Amen. We are standing on ground and I know all around Praise Jesus. Now for we are standing in his presence on holy ground. &gt;&gt; Let's just unite once more with our song please. We are standing on holy ground. And I know that there are angels around us. Oh, let us praise. Let us praise Jesus now. For we are standing in your presence. &gt;&gt; Just before we read, we'll pray. Dear heavenly father, you've been so kind to us. How can we ever return thanks? How can these lips speak the words we ought to speak? How can our hearts express what's in them? Oh God, now as we thank you for the opportunity to be together, thank you, dear Lord, that you ever called us or we wouldn't be able to come and worship. We are worshiping today in spirit and in truth. We thank you, oh God, that you have delivered word to us, vindicated message for this hour and we are able to worship you in spirit and in truth. Praying now that the Holy Spirit will give us insight. May we be revelated, I pray, by the Holy Spirit. For these things are not understood by the natural mind. We cannot put it through our natural thinking process and come up with the correct answers. Teach us, I pray. Guide us, oh God. Bless this people abundantly and all who are connected with us, Father, through the internet and whatever other means. We pray that you will bless them. Anoint us each one for service now. And as I speak, the people listen attentively. I ask your blessing on them in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm going to read now uh from Corinthians 3:es 2 Corinthians 5:17-19. Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature. Old things are passed away. Behold, all things are become new, and all things are of God, who hath reconciled us to himself by Jesus Christ, and hath given to us the ministry of reconciliation, to which that God was in Christ, reconciling the world to himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them, and hath committed unto us the word of reconciliation. If you'd notice that 19th verse to that God was in Christ. Now Colossians the first chapter verse 18. And he is the head of the body, the church, who is the beginning of the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence. For it pleased the father that in him should all the fullness dwell. and having made peace through the blood of his cross by him to reconcile all things unto himself. By him I say, whether they be things in earth or things in heaven. And you that were sometime alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet now hath he reconciled in the body of his flesh through death, to present you holy and unblameable and unreprovable in his sight. If you continue in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved away by the hope uh away from the hope of the gospel which you have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven, whereof I, Paul, am made a minister, who now rejoice in my sufferings for you, and fill up that which is behind of the affliction of Christ in my flesh, for the body's sake, which is the church, whereof I am made a minister according to the dispensation of God, which is given to me for you to fulfill the word of God. Even the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints, to whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you. uh the hope of glory. God bless you as you have your seats. For those of you that were here Wednesday evening, there will be considerable uh comments that are made, but I really felt I need to establish that message uh in your hearts. And uh to me, it's been a very outstanding time. And I pray that it will be something that will be a milestone in your own uh spiritual life and walk with God. Now the two scriptures, one from the first scripture reading, God was in Christ and the second one is Christ in you the hope of glory. So God was in Christ and Christ is in you. And there is a there is a process by which God is bringing himself into the individual. We've spoken on that considerable in the past. Paul said in Ephesians, he said, "From whom the whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that which every joint supplieth according to the effectual working." that which every joint supply that's every joint that includes everyone here who is a believer and a member of the body of Jesus Christ. It says that every joint supplieth but that's according to or uh relevant to the effectual working. Another word in the scripture says the operation of God. God has uh he he has a design. He has a plan. He has a program. He has an operation. He has put into motion certain certain things and and how things function. For example, we receive healing. We know comes by faith. Uh revelation uh faith is a revelation prophet says. So there are things that you can receive by faith. The prophet had uh people in front of him and and some were actually ranked sinners, but they had faith and they believed the word. And so that law is in place. And while and while a godly sister may miss what she needed from God, what she was asking God for, she would miss it because she was not there on the basis of faith. She didn't have faith for whatever reason to believe it. And here comes someone who knows nothing about the gospel said even just a prostitute off the street and would believe the word. And God has a law. If you believe it, you'll have it. Amen. &gt;&gt; So God has a he has a system in place whereby uh we are we receive what God had intended to send out of himself and we and the and the term is Christ. It is the anointing. It is the word. Uh, and uh, now Christ in you by the Holy Spirit. I've been very careful to word this, so I want you to catch it the way I have taken the time to set it out. Christ in you by the Holy Spirit is the designated chosen power of God sent to the believer or sent into the believer to accomplish or to fulfill that portion of the promised word for this day. So now Christ in you and as I said earlier I'd like to repeat it also from Wednesday. We have the terminology which we use which we should use of Jesus Christ or the Lord Jesus Christ. And Jesus is his name. That's his given name. Christ is a title. Lord is a title. And Jesus has many, many, many titles and I wouldn't even be able to take time. I have columns of that. He's the righteous branch. He's the He's the cornerstone. And we could go on and on and on of the titles of Jesus Christ. He's all of that. But for the purpose of the service, we want to I I want to focus once again that he is the Lord, which is Adoni or Adoni. uh the existing one, Lord Jesus, his given name. For he shall save his people from his sins. I shall call his name Jesus. And Christ the anointed one. But men were anointed. Prophets were anointed. Kings were anointed. You can be anointed. And people who are false can be anointed. And the prophet said the anointing is absolutely the genuine anointing. But they have ulterior motives. The rain, for those of you that don't understand, the rain falls on the just and the unjust. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; The rain falls on the just and the unjust. Peter said by quoting from the prophet of the Old Testament, "In the last days, says God, I'll pour out my spirit upon all flesh, but not all flesh is saved." So, the the anointing is something that has come out from God. And I'm going to be able to give you quotes because I actually want to have you see some of this visually. So now there have been times when the season of the word has not been as as uh clearly identified as this season or I would say there there have been seasons I would say in Martin Luther's time or in the time of the martyrs in the time of Wesley in the time of the messengers as they came as they came forward it seemed that a season had arrived when it was very clearly defined what the message was what? There was there was a new surge. There was a new move. There was something happening. There was a stir. And the stir was because God was on the move. &gt;&gt; That was the stir. And if there ever was a time that it should have been more clearly visible of what was taking place, it should have been at at those seasons. We have arrived at one of those seasons. Even even men who are are not religious as such, they realize there's been uh like uh uh David Edwin Harrell who has uh written his book. He was professor of of history, religious history at Birmingham, Alabama University, and he flew up here and I spent a whole day with him. He was very very interested in uh brother Brandham's ministry because he said we recognized that it that it was that he was the first of a of of many and that it caused a a stir and a wave to sweep across America that has changed the face of America. And he's written his written his book on it. And and so we are living in a time that is that is really quite unique. And I'm I'm going to just say a few more words on that. Today we have an abundance. Now you people are sitting here worshiping in a church and there are many many churches that have less people and many churches have more people. But that is irrelevant to me. It's what the people believe in that church and that makes it all together different. What they actually what has been revealed to them. So, you'll just have to hold your seats while I move through this uh subject today. It's very very uh uh it's very clearly set in my heart and I'm just praying that God will give me the ability to convey it to you and God will give you the ability to receive it. But today, we have an an abundance, listen closely, of infallible proofs. I want to put you on people on notice that just a short time ago they didn't have,00 tapes &gt;&gt; with a man standing there declared by the Christian world as God's prophet calling people out and telling them uh with with irrefutable perfection actually divine perfection one after the other after the other over year in and year out, never in secret, but always in public. Why am I why am I emphasizing this this uh uh fundamental which is just fundamental to all of you that are believers, but you need to hear it also. God's not going to take back his word. God's not going to say, "Excuse me, for that." God did that with a divine purpose in mind, and that was to put this generation on notice. I have done something here I have never done before. &gt;&gt; I should have heard something more in response out of that. I've done something now. And when God does something, there's a responsibility that comes with it. There's a very serious responsibility. He's saying now here it is. Now, what are you going to do with it? &gt;&gt; Are you going to regard it for what it is or you just pass it off? like Jesus when he was here. And and that was God's manifesting himself. He they said he's a good man. He's a great teacher. He's a he's he must be one of the prophets. Maybe he's John the Baptist that came back that has risen from the dead. And they had all kinds of ideas. He may be Isaiah. Maybe he's Jeremiah, Elias, or one of the other prophets. He may be this, maybe the other. And some others said he's Beloveub. He's prince of the devils. Now, isn't that isn't that and and and isn't that a great span? Right from the prince of the devils to one of the prophets and still they all missed it. &gt;&gt; Every one of them missed it. And there were a few that saw the manifestation. They all saw the manifestation. And so, it's not merely that God manifest himself. It's what do you do with that manifestation? &gt;&gt; And if you just sit and say, "Well, I saw the manifestation." So, I go to church at Cloverdale Bible Way. That doesn't mean a thing. &gt;&gt; I saw the manifestation and and I've been stirred in my heart and and I'm I'm I'm you know, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do that. I'm going to be baptized. Fine. Wonderful. I'm baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. That's all wonderful. But what are you doing? What does this manifestation mean to you? This manifestation means to me that God himself because God was in Christ, Christ is the word and God sent that word to the earth through that anointing. Anointing happens to be the process happens to be what God has chosen to use. It is the it is his method. It is his operation. It is his it's his effectual working. And when God says it's his effectual working, I can tell you if if a million miss it and only one catches it, it's still God's effectual working. &gt;&gt; God's not out to sweep multitudes and multitudes, God's out to retrieve and recover his children. And he's going to get every last one of them. I announce to you there will not be one that he will lose. He will lose none of them. He will call them. He will call them by name. They will hear his call and they will respond to it. Whether earlier or later, but at some time they will respond to it. And Jesus said, "My sheep hear my voice and another they will not hear." Aren't you thankful for that? My sheep hear my voice and they will come. If you're one of his, you will come. &gt;&gt; Quite frankly, if you're not one of his, it's impossible for you to come. Amen. &gt;&gt; We have to be honest. And I trust that even what's calling you and drawing you in your heart is witnessing to you today. I'm one of his. There's something about his voice. I don't understand everything, but there's something about this call. You may just be a young person. You may just be a child. You may be in your senior years. But you may be saying, "There's something about this that I can't let go of." And I can tell you if you're one of his, it's not what you let go of. It's and and what you hold on to. It's the fact that he's holding on to you and you can't get away. You can go into sin. You can get into debaucher uh into life of debauchery. God will not let you go. You'll come easy or you'll come hard, but you will come. &gt;&gt; That's my confidence. And today we have an abundance of these infallible proofs and signs and wonders, miracles, the supernatural in healing and manifestations of God. There has been a public display of the personal presence of God. So now I'm moving away, listen closely, I'm moving away from just signs and wanders and so on because that can take place in many places and amongst many different kind of people. But the public display when the when the prophet of God uh brought the people before him, they and this is very significant friends. It's not just something that's in my mind, but he the the people were actually brought into the personal presence of God. I cannot generate that for you. I cannot duplicate that for you. But God by his own sovereignty and grace could bring you into that presence. If you want to and have not heard deep call to the deep or you have and it's been a long time ago, it would be good for you to hear it again and see the woman that comes standing there just before the secret of her heart is revealed. And she stands there and and and she she's a little bit nervous. So she reaches out to steady herself on the corner of the pull pit. And when he and she reaches out her hand like that, Brother Brandham speaks to her and he says, "You don't don't fear that. That's not me. That's him. &gt;&gt; Because she had come into and he said many times, you know that you're not standing in the presence of a man. Now, we've had all kinds of others that prayed for the sick and those things. I'm not talking about television evangelist and all the rest of it and falling forward and backward and all this kind of emotion. Not talking about that at all. I'm talking about an individual coming into the presence of almighty God. And that's what for you of the believers, that's what this message came for. And I, as I said, Wednesday night, the the apex of God's visitation, the apex of his uh manifestation, the apex, the absolute pinnacle of it was when he would come with his own personal presence to the earth, almighty God, in in in such a way that had that he had ordained. And that is why the first coming of Christ and the second coming of Christ are so significant. And there is a third coming of Christ. He comes to pay the price to die on the cross as a sacrifice for to purchase his people, his bride. Then he comes to take her and catch his people away. And the third and it's all clearly in scripture. And the third time he comes is with his saints. So he comes to purchase his saints. He comes to take his saints. And the third time he comes with his saints. &gt;&gt; And I suggest to you that we are right in the crux. The reason why for this personal presence of God, this was an apex. This was a pinnacle time. You have lived in the era of the time of the messenger of Malachi 4. the forerunner with the sign of the resurrection, the sign of the Messiah. And those that receive the true revelation of the meaning of this event, they become the voice. Now, this is actually I'm just giving some preliminary statements here because now I want to go into some details and have you see some quotes on the screen. Those that receive the true revelation of the meaning of this event are the voice. You see, in the time of Jesus in his first coming, there were multitudes that saw the vi saw the manifestation, but there was a few that received the revelation. And I was saying to you on Wednesday that there is a distinction between Jesus and Christ, not different persons. And Jesus isn't a different person in the Godhead. He is another manifestation of that Godhead. But there is a difference. There's a distinction between Christ because that's a title and Jesus. Jesus is his given name. And Christ is identifying him as the anointed one. &gt;&gt; And that is why when you speak to Jews today, you talk about the Messiah, they have a lot of different ideas about the Messiah. Uh Gerson Solomon, I talked to him about it and he said, uh, I said, "How is it when the Messiah comes?" He says, "The Messiah is going to come riding on the front end of an Israeli tank." I said, "Well, it's not the one I read about." Rabbi Richmond would have a different concept of how the the Messiah is going to be. And they read the same scriptures you and I read, but see it quite differently. But the Messiah, Jesus, is called the Lord because he is we regard him as the anointed one. Jesus is his name and the Lord. the Lord Jesus Christ, the anointed one &gt;&gt; who was sent. Now, the disciples who received him and who received the revelation, please understand and don't don't think that I'm just be be, you know, belaboring this point, but multitude saw the manifestation. You understand? Only a handful caught the revelation of what that manifestation was all about. And the revelation was expressed and that's why it's in the Bible by by Peter. Who do men say that I am? You're Isaiah, Jeremiah, or one of the other prophets. Who do you say that I am? That was the question. Brother Brandham says that was the real question. Who do you say I am? Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God. Blessed art thou, Simon Barjonah. Flesh and blood hath not revealed this unto you, but my father. That's what separated. Everyone saw the same manifestation. But now here was an individual who had the revelation. It wasn't just some mental concept. But he he recognized he recognized to such a degree that the same one said later on to whom can we go? when Jesus when the when the even the ministry was leaving the 70 were leaving and and the people departed and the Bible says there was five about 5,000 people and now he was left with just his 12. Here's Jesus Christ the greatest minister that ever stood on earth losing 4,988 people. &gt;&gt; Now that by your standard would not be a successful campaign. And he spoke in such a way so that many were offended and many left. But there was a handful that could not leave because they finally said, "To whom shall we go?" The prophet said they couldn't go back to their old formal churches. They couldn't go back to that old doctrine. They couldn't go back and said, "Who to whom shall we go? Thou art the Christ. They're the son of the living God." And even though Peter did some cursing in denying the Lord Jesus in his hour of during the passion and the crucifixion, he denied him that he was even with him. Denied him three times. But yet he could not let go. &gt;&gt; And God would not let go of him. &gt;&gt; That's a revelation. &gt;&gt; That's a revelation. And that separates those that saw the manifestation from those that got the revelation. And now on revelation in the scripture, there are many, many, many times where God refers to his revelation. He revealed he revealed. He revealed to the people. Listen close. It doesn't mean the people saw it. Doesn't mean the people understood it. God revealed it. God made it clear. If you take the words revealed, revelation, uh, revealing the manifestation, making known, showing himself, he did all of those things. Who Who could have been more visible than Jesus Christ? &gt;&gt; Who could have been How could God have done that in a more clear, precise way than to send Jesus Christ? &gt;&gt; He was born of a virgin, but they didn't believe it. That's exactly right. &gt;&gt; He did miracles and in spite of his miracles, they were prepared to kill him and crucify him. &gt;&gt; He raised from the dead and they lied about his resurrection. &gt;&gt; The whole country was given over on one on one weekend. They want to make him king and they lay down and tear their clothes off and wave their uh and cry out hosana and wave their palms before him as he rides into Jerusalem. and the very next week they're killing him. &gt;&gt; Now people are fickle &gt;&gt; and they haven't changed. &gt;&gt; So there's a big Did those people see the manifestation? Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Saw the manifestation but didn't receive the revelation. &gt;&gt; And we can say God revealed himself. &gt;&gt; God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself. God made himself known. God made himself visible. But the people didn't see it yet &gt;&gt; because of a blindness. Listen, this world, if there ever was a blind generation, it's this one. We're blinded by Hollywood. We're blinded by soft living. We're blinded by all kinds of stuff. We're blinded by religion. We're blinded by our own thoughts and our own reasoning. And man has elevated himself with all of his learning and all of his places of higher education. Higher education got higher and higher and got further away from God. Yes. &gt;&gt; Is that true? &gt;&gt; You want to thank God if God has given you eyes to see in this generation. Oh dear. How blind this age is. Young people don't trust. Get all the education you can. But remember one thing, education is blind a person. Wealth and business will blind a person. Just soft living will blind a person. cares of this life will blind a person. The only thing that will give us insight is the word that came from God. And thus sayith the Lord that came from God is the only thing that'll give you vision, give you insight, and be able to give you balance in your life. And those that believed then I haven't even got through my introduction yet. But those that believed, they became the effect of that anointing coming upon them. The effect of the creative power of the logos which came out from God. &gt;&gt; And that was the that was the the method. Brother Brandon said it was a part of God. You see that little light that little halo of light had come and and then here it come and it it was it was something coming out from God. He said it was coming out of the bosom of God. &gt;&gt; It was the logos, the Greek word for word. It was the anointed word. He said it was the anointing. It was the son. It was Christ. Then Christ was in Abraham. Christ was in Isaac. Christ was in Joseph. Christ was in Moses. Christ was in David. Christ was in all reflected. It was Christ that was in them. And then I read for you where Elohim met Abraham. And brother Bram said that wasn't Jesus. Jesus hadn't been born yet. And that's a key phrase. You need to remember that &gt;&gt; it was Christ. &gt;&gt; Say, "Well, I thought they're the same." That's correct. Because Christ, he became Christ Jesus because it was this plan of God that was unfolding. that part of God that came out and came out and and and and in types and shadows until finally the son of God himself stood on the earth. And those that believed John was the voice in the wilderness. John the Baptist says he was the voice in the wilderness. Jesus Christ was the voice in the streets of Jerusalem. The Bible speaks of those that will be the voice of many waters. And the prophet said, "What is his voice?" It's the judgment. It's the voice of ministers through the Holy Spirit that's cried out to the people in every age. &gt;&gt; Hello, ladies and gentlemen. &gt;&gt; Brothers and sisters in Christ, I will announce to you according to that word, you are hearing the sound of some of those waters this morning. Amen. &gt;&gt; You're hearing the very manifestation of Christ, Christ in a people. &gt;&gt; I believe that I'm standing here solemnly today to fulfill part of that scripture. &gt;&gt; This happens to be part of the voice of many waters. You have heard it over this pullpit time after time. Not just preaching, not sermonizing, but the voice of many waters by the Holy Spirit to attract the people &gt;&gt; to catch their attention. &gt;&gt; Not only that something is said that their mind can turn around and say, "Well, that's different. Oh, I think I'd like that church." Has nothing to do with that. We're not here to offer programs. We're not here to entice people. We're not here to build a kingdom. We're here to We're here to on behalf of the kingdom of God which is not established in material things. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He said, "My kingdom does not come by observation." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The voice of many waters. And the prophet said, "God still has a voice." I say to you this morning, God still has a voice for the people of the world, for the people of Vancouver, for the people of Seattle, for the people of the Pacific Northwest, God still has a voice. &gt;&gt; And for for the people of the world, even as he has given a voice, a voice to the bride. Hello bride. Amen. &gt;&gt; The called, the elect of God. God has given a voice to you. &gt;&gt; And it's his voice. &gt;&gt; I believe that we are the voice of the message. &gt;&gt; We are the voice of the resurrection. &gt;&gt; We are the voice of the rapture. Amen. &gt;&gt; God has to have a voice &gt;&gt; saying the season has arrived, world. &gt;&gt; The season has arrived. &gt;&gt; And part of the evidence that the season has arrived is Malachi 4 came streaking across. The messenger of Luke 17:30 revealing Jesus Christ himself. When you see the days of Noah, have we seen them? Yeah. &gt;&gt; When you see the days of Sodom and Gomorrah, have you seen them &gt;&gt; even so &gt;&gt; shall it be? That is the voice of many waters speaking. I can pick up the echo of that same thing because my God said there's still a voice in the world. That voice has been given to the bride of Jesus Christ. And he said, "When you see the days of Noah and you said they're here, &gt;&gt; and you said and you see the days of Sodom and Gomorrah and you say that they're here, then then it's incumbent upon you to to to admit and to confess that Malachi 4 has come." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Malachi 4 has come. The messenger has sounded. &gt;&gt; And what does that mean? That means that there'll be great manifestation. And in the manifestation, some will catch the revelation. Now, that is God's revelation. Please get this. God can reveal himself. Doesn't mean that the individual caught the revelation. That's God's sovereign grace to you &gt;&gt; that you actually catch the revelation. &gt;&gt; Amen. I've seen people walk in companionship with the word of God, with the message of the hour. I've seen them walk in companionship and then and then depart. As far as I'm concerned, they never got a revelation. &gt;&gt; They became emotionally involved. They needed a church. They needed the school. They needed this. They needed that. They needed some marital assistance. They needed some help. They needed some guidance. whatever more. That's not what the church is here. We're not here as a social enterprise. We're here to get men and women born again by the spirit of God, birthed into the kingdom of God, and so that they will be in a position to receive the revelation that comes from God. And once that revelation sinks into their soul, there's no changing them. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We are the voice of the message and we are the manifestation of these things and once fulfilled one will require a revelation. Then Jesus as I said earlier and I'd like to just show you some slides. Now we can we're going to read some slides. The titles Lord and Christ are intended to convey a specific aspect of the plan of redemption. Christ is a title and Jesus is the name. Jesus was given was his given name. Christ was his title of what he was. He was the Christ. was the anointed of God when he was born. Now, the origin of the anointing, the anointing is the process that God chose to send out his creative power and plan of redemption for a fallen creation. the logos went out of God which was the Christ the anointing that went out. Now the reason I'm giving the quotes to you is because I've spoken them now I want to just substantiate them. In the beginning the Bible says was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. Paul said in Colossians, "Now whereof I am made a minister according to the dispensation of God, which is given to me for you to fulfill the word of God, even the mystery." I want you to hold on to that. Even the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints. I want you to stop there for a moment. It's now made manifest, but that doesn't mean you see it. &gt;&gt; That's true. It's now made manifest. It doesn't mean that the Colossians saw it. &gt;&gt; He was simply saying this is made perfectly visible. God has made it visible, but it doesn't mean that the people even in this day 2,000 years later doesn't mean at all that people see it. God has ma God has been made manifest, but now it's made manifest to his saints. And if you read Colossians 1 and1, you'll find out it is just to the saints. Before I go any further, just listen. Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God, and Timoththeus, our brother, to the saints. The book of Colossians isn't to the world. It's to the saints and the faithful brethren in Christ, which are at Colasse. Grace be unto you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ. This is who it's to. It's to the faithful brethren, to the saints that are there. And that is why I'm preaching this to you this morning. I preach to you as saints of God, called of God. But you may have been raised in a Christian home. You need to be very very fervent young people. You need to be very very fervent. Even parents, you need to be very very fervent to the entire congregation that if if there is a a shadow of doubt or question in your mind, you need to say, "God, grant to me by your sovereign grace, a revelation of what has happened. Not in the past, not Calvary back there, not back John the Baptist, but what happened in my time. Give me a sovereign revelation of who this is." And I know that it's God, but let let me let let it be ingrained within every fiber of my body. &gt;&gt; God in my time. &gt;&gt; Notice the next verse. Now, to whom God would make known to whom? To the saints and to the faithful. He would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles which is Christ in you the hope of glory precious friends Christ people quote that scripture but Christ in you happens to be a mystery &gt;&gt; and it is such a mystery that we ourselves humanly speaking have a good deal of difficulty fully identifying God in our lives. Sometimes I sit down with people and they say, "Brother brother Biscoll, this is this is what's happening. This is happening. This this this." You know what? I don't know whether it's God or whether it's just me or whether it's the devil. Hey, you're all quiet because most everybody gets there sometime or other. Is this God in my life? Did God bring this up or is it just my own desires? Is it my own just, you know, something that I want or is it the devil that's that's leading me into a trap? It's very important to know. &gt;&gt; And I would say the best guide say what do we do at a time like that? Don't leave us hanging out on a limb. If I were you, I would do what I do and that is that I go to the message and I absorb the prophet's message because that's the message for this hour. the end time message meets the end time conditions. Can you say amen to that? And we have end time conditions today that didn't that didn't exist here not very long ago. But we need a message for this hour. A message that gives us insight what to do and a message that meets the end time conditions. &gt;&gt; Christ in us is indeed a a a mystery. Now in Christ is the mystery God revealed. I'm going to It happens to be a a key keynote milestone message &gt;&gt; and I can tell you I've been through it many, many times in my life. And brother Brandham says more there in the first 20 pages than you'd hear in years of Bible school. &gt;&gt; Fact is, you'd never get it there. God's secret mystery that he had before the world began. And now I ask for your undivided attention. The secret mystery that he had before the world began. In the back part of God's mind, there was something that he was trying and was going to achieve. And he had a motive in doing it. This is the motive. in order to let himself be expressed. Now, just for a moment, here's a great self-existent one. Let your imagination, your mind go in this direction. The great almighty ex self-existent one who fills all time and space. Could not even be defined, could not even be described. It would be far too mysterious. He fills all time and space. and and and he said if you went on into the infinite into the trillions and trillions of light years of space, you still couldn't discover him. This kind of a God, this kind of a being. So, we're not here to try to figure out what he's like. We're here to acknowledge that there is a God &gt;&gt; and this is what he's like and he fills all time and space, but in him we're attributes. In him, we're qualities. in him was a determination. And believe me, friends, maybe God expressed parts of himself in the universe, I don't know. But in him, and brother Brandham describes it so clearly, and I mentioned Wednesday, but I want to really emphasize it. He wanted to express himself. &gt;&gt; And you may want to express yourself, but there's a certain spec specific type of expression. He wanted to be a father. I want to be a father. And brother Brandham goes on to say, "The only way the only way that he could do that is that he himself became a son of man." &gt;&gt; He knew all about the fall. He knew the fall would take place. He knew the world would come into the corruption that it has. He knew how it would fall. And so he would come and begin to create. can imagine. Brother Brandman says that God's greatness is not because he can do great things but he can become so small. And it is amazing, is it not, that science today, they're trying to find the the smallest, the most uh the tiniest uh even microscopic and beyond that if they feel if they could get to to quarks and beyond that and they said they haven't been able to maybe they have now, but last I read they hadn't been able to actually see visibly a quark, but they can see its effect and they're causing it to to to to its effect on other material things. And so they know that that power exists there. They said if they could just break the secret of the tiniest thing. They feel it will unlock the entire universe. If they could just find the smallest secret. Well, I tell you what, God became so small &gt;&gt; and he and he had to begin a new creation and he came he he became a cell. And you have you have hundreds of millions and perhaps billions of cells in your body. God became a cell and he began a new creation. And because sin had come through a sexual transgression, the original sin, he's going to reverse it and come by a a cell lodged in the womb of a woman that believed. Be it unto me, as the angel told her, and you're going to conceive, and that thing that is in you shall be called the son of God, &gt;&gt; a new creation, and lodged to the and and and lodged to the womb of that woman, and a child was born called Jesus. And he shall be called Jesus, the Christ, for he will be the anointed one. Amen. &gt;&gt; Because God will pour all that he is into that one &gt;&gt; and he shall be he shall be the complete godhead bodily. &gt;&gt; He shall walk among men and manifest God &gt;&gt; in such clarity. It's &gt;&gt; true. &gt;&gt; Irrefutable proof he will do that. &gt;&gt; Follow me. &gt;&gt; But then amongst all of the things he did and I don't want to enlarge on that. He comes to towards the end of his ministry perhaps. I wish I was standing there that day. I wish you could have been also. Maybe he just looked over the people that were with him or his disciples. And he said, "When you see the days of Noah again, and when you see the days of Sodom and Gomorrah again on the earth, even so will it be when the son of man," and they knew that he was the son of man. Now listen, stay back now to the quote. He loved fatherhood. God, he he the secret that was in the back part of his mind. I I'm I must express myself and the only way I can express myself fully is through a son of man. And the apex, oh, I don't know if you see it as I'm saying it. God help me. The apex, the pinnacle of that expression that was in the back part of God's mind is that he in his personal presence personal presence could embody himself and stand here God almighty on the earth &gt;&gt; in a man called Jesus Christ. And this man said because he had a very local ministry in Palestine, even said to his disciples, don't go to those other places. Go to the lost sheep of the house of Israel. But when you see these conditions all over the earth, even so shall it be, when the son of man, when I again will be revealed. &gt;&gt; Luke 17:30. Don't let it just go off your lips lightly. What Jesus is saying, there will be another manifestation &gt;&gt; and this manifestation will be the manifestation of the son of man. And I am that son of man. They knew he was that son of man. I am that son of man. And when you see these conditions, this same work will be taking place again. And it will not be a man, but it will be God through the man because God was in Christ and Christ was in the church. &gt;&gt; God is in Christ and Christ is in you. And this is the great mystery that apostle Paul is speaking about this great mystery which is Christ in you. The hope of glory &gt;&gt; and incidentally that's the only hope of glory. And furthermore, he even identified the people that this would happen in. He said it would be the Gentiles. &gt;&gt; The last was the Jews, but this was the Gentiles. This great mystery amongst the Gentiles, &gt;&gt; which will be Christ in you, &gt;&gt; the hope of glory. And we go through all of this. Read your history, friends. You and I are going to stand before God of judgment. And I'm going to give account of what I'm speaking. And you're going to give account of what you're hearing &gt;&gt; and how you're receiving it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And if it's false, then I'm going to be judged. If it's true and you've refused it, you're going to be judged. &gt;&gt; You want to hold very, very closely. Amen. &gt;&gt; And God determined that there would be another period of time when the world would have evolved and have come to a place of its sophistication, its culture, its learning, its power, when superpowers, when have we had superpowers like this? When has man come to a place we can destroy the very earth he stands on? When has he gotten this hydrogen and this nuclear power? When has he gotten all of this and and and such divisive things and such devious minds when Satan himself has come to the earth as it were? When perversion is absolutely everywhere. &gt;&gt; And speaking about perversion, you might speak about the streets of Seattle or Vancouver, Bellingham. I'll tell you where the greatest perversion is. Do you know why brother Brandham preached why I am against organized religion &gt;&gt; is because that happens to be the greatest act of an illicit affair. &gt;&gt; Jesus the man Christ was also the seed. Jesus was the word. Jesus is this word. He is the word. &gt;&gt; Are you right? &gt;&gt; Jesus is the word and that word is the seed and the called out, the elected is the woman who receives the seed, becomes pregnantated with the word and receives and brings forth life according to this word. &gt;&gt; That is a true relationship. But now there became a proliferation of organized church from a mother church. The first one to break away which happened to be the Roman Catholic Church. I won't say Roman. It was the Catholic Church which was universal became Roman nicely of Rome and invented the trinity. &gt;&gt; You can find it. You can't find the word trinity in this book. &gt;&gt; You come and find the word trinity in this book. I'll give you a half a million dollars for every time you find the word trinity spoken in the scripture. It is not there. I defy anybody to find it. Furthermore, there's not one single time anybody between this cover and this cover ever been baptized in water in the name of the father, son, and holy ghost. &gt;&gt; Because the father is not a name, the son is not a name, and the holy ghost is not a name. And that's why in the scripture in Revelation, they took away the name. They took away the name from the people. Do you know that the church of Jesus Christ is Mrs. Jesus? &gt;&gt; And if there's a woman that if I if I had a woman that would stand here at the altar and say to me, I'll take you as my husband, but I will not receive your name. I say you're not receiving me either. I am my name. That is who I am. That is my person. If you won't receive my name, you're not receiving me. And people say, "We won't take his name." Oh, I love Jesus. Oh, yeah. I love Jesus. Will you be baptized in his name? No. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; You know what he says? And I don't receive you. &gt;&gt; You got to be baptized in his name. &gt;&gt; There's not one person in this cover. And I've asked these trinitarians, "Where did you get that?" Well, they said it was a an a an accumulation. I'll call it a conglomeration. of man's thoughts, man's idea, and they kind of got I said, "Where do you see a trinity?" Well, Jesus was standing on earth. Yes, he was. And and and a dove from heaven. You're going to call the dove. The dove The Holy Spirit descended as a dove. &gt;&gt; And the dove is not the Holy Spirit. That form, that's not the Holy Spirit. He He descended as a dove. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; And the father spoke out one God manifesting himself. He can manifest. I can show you in the Old Testament where he manifested himself. He manifested himself as Elohim in a body to Abraham. And Abraham our father in the faith said, "Lord, &gt;&gt; Lord," and it was God. &gt;&gt; Not the fourth person. And then Gideon saw another one and knew it was God. He said, "I'm going to die because I've seen God." It wasn't the fifth person. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? &gt;&gt; I don't know where this service is going to go. You understand? I don't know how many places or times that it'll be seen or heard. But I can tell you friends, it's time that we just really, really know what we believe, but why we believe it. You hear the serpent seed, you want to know why you believe the serpent seed. &gt;&gt; And and a denominational &gt;&gt; we just say, well, denomination, a lot of a lot of folk even right here, you don't even know why that's an issue. Do you know why it's an issue? Is because the doctrine, hear me close, the doctrine of the church is the seed &gt;&gt; which he has received. And as the seed which she has received, that's the only life that she can bring. &gt;&gt; And so the church is the woman and the seed is the man. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This church, we've been asked even just recently for our articles of faith. I said it's between two black covers. &gt;&gt; This is our articles of faith. We don't have any articles of faith. Any other articles of faith? This is what we believe from cover to cover. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But if you have a articles of faith or the creed of the apostles or or the creed or the traditions and the dogmas and everything else is a great big article of faith, that thing actually turns the church into a prostitute. &gt;&gt; Because it's a seed. &gt;&gt; It's a perverted seed. And that's what would take place in this generation. &gt;&gt; It has to be that way, friends. It has to be. That is why even when a messenger come out there's about 900 denominations. Why is there a proliferation of denominations? Because number one, the spirit of Leodysia is the spirit of people's own rights. We'll believe what we want to believe. &gt;&gt; Even people in the message say, "Well, I don't agree with that. I I'm off on my own. You can collect a handful of people around you or a whole bunch of people around you. Doesn't doesn't bother me. One iota. People have to have their own diet and eat what you want to eat. But as far as I'm concerned, I'm going to eat the entire council of the message of word of God without any slant, without any special uh a special doctrine to it or teaching or anything else. I want to receive the pure seed. &gt;&gt; Help me out for a few moments. &gt;&gt; Amen. in order to let himself be expressed. The secret is hidden or masked in the expression. In other words, it can be expressed but it's still not clearly seen. It's not visible. Now, if he had this three-fold, we want to find out what is this three-fold purpose. The first thing was that God wanted to reveal himself to the people. It sounds repetitious, but it's not. God had a purpose and a hidden mystery. And that's what I want to speak on to the church this morning for those of you believers of the message. Listen now, the hidden mystery of God that he had in his mind before the world ever began. Follow very closely, please. and how that it what the mystery of God has unfolded right down to this present hour. &gt;&gt; Amen. and that that we're living then you will understand clearly then on I believe what is being done God's great mystery of how it's a secret and he kept it a secret now this these are not just words to keep things vague nobody knew nothing about it even the angels didn't understand it. He didn't reveal it. And that's the reason under the seventh seal, those of you are believers of the message, the seventh seal is his coming. &gt;&gt; And so he said even under the seventh seal, when the seventh seal was opened, there was silence. So even when the seventh seal, you read it in the scriptures, was opened, it was silent. &gt;&gt; Amen. But of that day, and I read the scripture now, Jesus speaking of that day and hour, knoweth no man, know not the angels of heaven, but my father only. The reason I put the scripture, inserted the scripture in here is because this is the scripture that brother Brandham is referring back to. This is the secret. What is the great secret? It the secret is the coming. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, this may shock you a little bit and I don't want you to take and jump off a deep end. But if Christ's first coming could come happen, he's birthed, supernatural, a new creation of God, God himself becoming a cell in a womb of a virgin woman. And he's born and he lives his life. He lives for 30 years. He starts calling people. He begins to do miracles. He heals uh Peter's uh mother-in-law of a fever. Turns the water into wine. Begins to send his word. And the Bible says healed all of them. Even pl people in distant places and the centurion and the woman that touched the hem of his garment and the blind man standing crying. If thou wilt, thou can make me whole. I will be thou whole. casting out the demons out of the out of the maniac of the gatherines and in a small area just a profusion of the power of God concentrated what was it the personal presence of almighty God having visited a place and to come and offer the body as a redemption for the lost world &gt;&gt; and all of this could take place you talk about manifestation &gt;&gt; but they didn't catch And then the disciples, &gt;&gt; they became, listen now, part of the first coming. &gt;&gt; They became an actual part. They became a voice. &gt;&gt; This is our voice. &gt;&gt; We witness to you that he rose from the dead. &gt;&gt; This is the witness of his resurrection. Did the whole world hear it? No. No, &gt;&gt; but they were actually a part of they were giving evidence to the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Are you with me? &gt;&gt; I'm going to drop a bomb right here. &gt;&gt; The second coming of Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; could be in process right at this moment. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And the world wouldn't know it. &gt;&gt; And furthermore, drop a second bomb. The resurrection's going to take place and they're still going to have their problem with their gas and their taxes and their government and the highways and all the rest of it and their unions and the unemployment and all the rest of it. But it will already have happened. the re the resurrection and the rapture can be taking place and there'll be men standing behind the pullpit preaching and having people coming forward to receive Jesus Christ and have no idea and they'll be weeping and confessing their sins and thinking the prophet said that they're getting saved and it'll all be over. &gt;&gt; That's where I'm at. &gt;&gt; That's where I'm coming to. &gt;&gt; And that's exactly what this message is all about. the great secret that God had in his mind and and and he said that even the angels didn't know anything. What was it that the angels didn't know anything about? That's that's exactly and here's this here's this messenger with this kind I I'm not here to make somebody big or make somebody small. But if there's anybody in this congregation or anybody streaming this service that can bring another ministry that even even remotely resembles that of William Brham, I challenge you to bring it to me. &gt;&gt; In the name of Jesus Christ, I challenge you to bring it to me. I don't say that presumptuously. I don't say that with any pride. I don't I say that because it hasn't happened. And if it has happened, I want to know. &gt;&gt; Historians can't find it. &gt;&gt; Great people can't find it. They can't find it because it doesn't exist. &gt;&gt; It was God &gt;&gt; who said, "I'm coming with my personal presence. &gt;&gt; Not through not through a virgin-born son, but through a redeemed son. &gt;&gt; I'm going to come through a redeemed son. &gt;&gt; And he's going to live in another dimension. This dimension will be in that world, this world at the same time." &gt;&gt; Amen. Because the people, he has to be in that dimension. He has to live between the two, between the seen and the unseen. He must live there because he's ministering to a group of people that are going to believe that message and go to that other dimension. He must He must express it. He must live it. He must show it. &gt;&gt; He must stand before them and see even see multitudes of the individuals. See, when you were young, says one woman, you're not here for yourself. You're here for your brother. Actually, it's not your brother. It's your brother-in-law. And just down specific. Get one woman. You can hear it all. This isn't private. This is all on tape. &gt;&gt; One woman. Oh, a poor woman. you've been before doctors and doctors and they haven't been able to find out what's wrong. And then he speaks to her privately. He says, "Can I tell them?" She said it was all right. He said, "When you were a girl, you fell down a well. When you fell down a well, it loosened your organs. tore your organs from where they are lodged and the doctors haven't been able to discover that. Who Who say that? &gt;&gt; Who say that? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Well, if it was a man, just say so. I'm throwing out a challenge to this church. If it was just a man, stand up and say so. Right. &gt;&gt; It was the devil to stand up and say so. If it was God, &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You need to stand up and say so. &gt;&gt; God. God. &gt;&gt; Christ in you. &gt;&gt; That same Christ in you, the hope of glory. Amen. &gt;&gt; Not another one, but God himself. &gt;&gt; And that's what you would need a revelation on. &gt;&gt; You need a revelation that's God in me. &gt;&gt; It was God in me that saw that. It was God in me that could acknowledge it. It was God in me. &gt;&gt; That allowed me to embrace it. &gt;&gt; Thank you for standing. &gt;&gt; Give me another few minutes, would you please? I'm going to close. But of that day, and that hour knoweth no man, not the angels which are in heaven, neither the son, Jesus was saying in his earthly ministry, he did not know. &gt;&gt; It was a secret so kept to God himself. Jesus when he was on earth, they wondered, they wanted to know when he would come. going on now in the message. He said even the son himself doesn't know when it's going to happen. God has this all to himself. It's a secret and that's the reason &gt;&gt; there was silence in heaven for the space. You read the scripture says and they open when he opened the seventh seal. There was silence in heaven for the space of a half an hour. People say what is that? Why did he do that? Messenger told you why? Because it was a secret &gt;&gt; that God kept. God kept that secret from Jesus Christ in his earthly life. God kept that secret. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; To himself &gt;&gt; and the secret was when I'm going to come with my personal presence and visit the earth. &gt;&gt; And I won't tell anybody. &gt;&gt; I won't give any grand announcement. Right. &gt;&gt; In this first coming, angels came to the shepherds and said, "Go here." And the star to the the wise men and they went, "Where is he? Where is he that's born king of the Jews?" There will be no such a thing because it's kept a secret. &gt;&gt; And he tells his messenger, "Go to the wilderness. Go to the desert. &gt;&gt; Go to Arizona." And he doesn't know why he's going. How infallible, how infallible the message is. Listen and and two months before he even goes, he preaches serious the time. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And read it. And he announces &gt;&gt; what is taking place, but he can't clearly define it. Says, I must go west. &gt;&gt; And he tells it specifically. And two months later, it's all happened. &gt;&gt; What is it? It's God's announcement from the heavens. The angels came in a split. He said from the eternities and they're coming. What is it? It's an announcement to the messenger that the personal presence of almighty God has come now in his second coming to initiate it, to inaugurate it, to tell the people about it, to get them believing the word that will take them out of hell. How else you going to get out? &gt;&gt; How else do you expect to get out? &gt;&gt; We got saved by the word, didn't we? We got healed by the word, didn't we? We get all the benefits by the word. If it's not in the word, we don't know what to believe. And it's the word that says we shall not all sleep, &gt;&gt; but we shall all be changed. &gt;&gt; I want to know if you're here. If that belongs to you, &gt;&gt; we shall all be changed &gt;&gt; in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye. Why do we rejoice? Because we believe the promise. &gt;&gt; Not something just that Paul said, but something that's been fulfilled today in my hour. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I have reason to believe it. Not merely that has been manifested. Not merely there's been a great ministry for 33 years, but the ministry was the voice of God spoke something to me. I believed it and now I have become that voice. &gt;&gt; You become that voice. &gt;&gt; And thus, &gt;&gt; you are representative of the coming. &gt;&gt; You are &gt;&gt; in part &gt;&gt; the second coming of Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; You are &gt;&gt; in part the resurrection &gt;&gt; because the voice of that resurrection is in you. &gt;&gt; You believed it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh my God help me. &gt;&gt; He's had the secret all to himself. I'm closing in just a moment. And the seven thunders uttered their voice. And and Jesus when he was here on earth, they wanted to know when he would come. He said, "Even the son doesn't know himself. God has this secret to himself." And that's why there was silence in heaven and the seven thunders. So they uttered their voices. They actually uttered their voices. And John was even forbidden to write. He was going to write and then the prophet just breaks it. He was going to write it. Write what? Prophet said so the coming the coming of the Lord. &gt;&gt; But because it had to remain a secret. &gt;&gt; Even John the Apostle said was forbidden. Don't write. &gt;&gt; Don't write because it's always been a secret. It's still a secret and it must remain a secret. But in the end time when the messenger comes I'll reveal it in that hour. And that's why he said it's unfolded. And then he says further it's unfolded slowly down through the ages. What let it unfold? The manifestation of God down through the ages. And people saw it but didn't understand what they saw. &gt;&gt; And so it is today. &gt;&gt; They saw it didn't understand fully what they saw. And when the seven thunders had uttered their vo their voices, I was about to write, this is the scripture. And I heard a voice in from heaven saying unto me, seal up those things which the seven thunders have uttered and write them not. And there's one thing there's one thing he hasn't revealed yet or how of how he will come and when he will come. It's a good thing he doesn't know. He has shown or revealed it in every type that's in the Bible. He hasn't. He said he hasn't. And people get up on this say, "Well, there's one thing he hasn't revealed yet." When he reveals it, the people don't see it anyhow. He can reveal it. He can manifest. It doesn't mean that a person sees it. He said, and then he went on to say, there's one thing he hasn't revealed yet of how he will come and when he will come. It's a good thing that he doesn't. No, he has shown it or revealed it in every type that's in the Bible. &gt;&gt; Therefore, the entire Bible, he goes on, is the revelation of God's mystery in Christ. So, he's telling where the mystery is. It is in Christ. And Christ is that power, that designated influence. It is that part of God that he he he poured out from himself. And the entire Bible is the expression of one goal that that God had. The purpose he wanted to achieve is in the entire in the entire Bible. And all the acts of the believers in the Bible has been in type and expressing what God's great goal is. &gt;&gt; I'm going to stop there, but listen. I This is where I'd like to start preaching. All the acts. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; All the acts of the believers in the Bible. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Are you believers? &gt;&gt; You are included in this. &gt;&gt; All the acts all your life &gt;&gt; is an expression has been in type and expressing what God's great goal is. &gt;&gt; I'm closing. &gt;&gt; Having a hard time closing. &gt;&gt; God was in Christ. The God that was in Christ and the and the and the and the Christ that was in Abraham. Christ was in Abraham. He says, &gt;&gt; "And the Christ that was in Abraham, listen to me now, was saying, I'm coming." &gt;&gt; The Christ that was in Isaac was saying, "I'm coming." &gt;&gt; The Christ that was in Joseph was saying, "I'm coming." &gt;&gt; The Christ that was in David was saying, "I'm coming, and when I come, I'll be a king." And &gt;&gt; the Christ was in Samuel was saying, "I'm coming and when I come, I'll be rejected." Hallelujah. The It was in Solomon. And the one that received peace and had all the intelligence and the wisdom. So the Christ all the way down was in coming. But when he and and those and those apostles, those believers were give evidence to the message for their season. &gt;&gt; Are you following me? But when Jesus came and was born, those that had the revelation that that was him, they said, "Come and see who we have found." &gt;&gt; Not one coming. &gt;&gt; Not one of the past, but one that's here now. &gt;&gt; This is your message, folks. This is your message. We're not talking about one coming or one there. Our life is saying he's here. I can live the life I live because Christ is in me. &gt;&gt; In his second coming, in his resurrected power, in his life, &gt;&gt; he's in me. &gt;&gt; All the acts could only say what the word said for this. And the message I'm reading to you now is the word for this hour. &gt;&gt; And that's the only thing you can express. &gt;&gt; You can't express anything else. &gt;&gt; That's all you can express. Oh my &gt;&gt; Oh my God help us. &gt;&gt; All the acts of the believers in the Bible has been expressing God's great goal. And now in this last day, he has revealed it and shows it. &gt;&gt; He has revealed it. Not everybody sees it. Not everybody catch it. Cuz God can reveal it. But you have to catch that revelation. &gt;&gt; And if you have not caught it, say, "Oh, God, something this morning, that preacher saying something. I need more of you. I need more." Send that Holy Spirit. One baptism, many filling. Reveal yourself. Reveal the God that's in me. Reveal why I'm here. Reveal what your purpose is in my life. Reveal my place in the body of Christ. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Listen, my folks, my dear friends, is going to be people just like you sitting here this morning going to step into the resurrected ones. Yes, sir. Many bodies of the saints were seen on the streets of Jerusalem. Did Caiaphas see it? Did Herod see it? Did the Romans see it? Did the Jews see it? Did the Samaritans see it? No, &gt;&gt; they did not see it. &gt;&gt; But Matthew saw it because he wrote about it. &gt;&gt; And they were seen in the streets of Jerusalem. &gt;&gt; Many bodies. Not a few. Many bodies. &gt;&gt; And we've got a promise right here. &gt;&gt; A promise that they shall rise. Those that are asleep in Christ shall rise. &gt;&gt; And I'm talking about the same group. the group that received the revelation that God was revealing. God was revealing it. God was manifesting it. But there have to be a reciprocal uh action on the other end that you must catch the revelation. And then you're in a position for all &gt;&gt; of the benefit. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Just as sure as I'm standing here speaking to you, there's going to be people, I believe there's going to be people right here. is not who he spooks any more than the resurrection of Jesus Christ was who he spooks. They're gonna be walking along like Mary in the garden looked on Jesus. Hey folks, you got good minds. &gt;&gt; Catch this. The manifested word in Jesus Christ at that moment had overcome all the power of death. had already stripped Satan of the keys of death, hell, and the grave &gt;&gt; and was standing there the victorious one &gt;&gt; and looked like a gardener. &gt;&gt; So much so that the woman Mary sir, where have you taken him &gt;&gt; so I can go to him? She in her sincerity and with the message she believed and if you'd have gone to her and said do you believe it I have believe every word of it you give your life I'll give every I give my life I give every ounce of strength I have to it well the thing is the manifestation of God in Christ has just changed &gt;&gt; he stands here in front of you &gt;&gt; sir &gt;&gt; thank God he knows how to do something familiar &gt;&gt; where have you taken him she wanted to go she wanted to bring spice says she wanted to do something. That was what was in her heart. It only took one word, her name. &gt;&gt; Mary. &gt;&gt; Oh, I want to hear him. &gt;&gt; I want to hear my name. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Let's stand, shall we? Oh, thank you, Lord. We just want to hear our name, Lord. And we'll answer. As Job has said, you'll call and I will answer thee. Oh God, call our name. Somebody here, Lord, is in need, in need of the Holy Spirit to bring them a divine uncction, a divine understanding. Lord, don't let the atmosphere, don't let it wither away. I pray that it'll remain intense upon the hearts of the people. Father, I ask oh God that you will give them not only a desire but may they have such a hunger, such a thirsting after you that they may follow through. And Lord, if they don't receive today what they're to satisfy their hunger, may they be there on tomorrow. May they be with their Bible. May they be on their knees. May they be listening to this voice, oh God, and reveal yourself to them. I pray &gt;&gt; in Jesus name. in Jesus name. I wonder brother Rod if we could sing He knows my name. I'm good to remember. He knows my name. He knows why. I have a maker. He formed my heart. And before even time began, my life was in his hand. He knows my name. He thought he each fall and hear me I call and I have a father. What a loving father. &gt;&gt; He calls me his own. &gt;&gt; Thank you. He'll never leave me. He'll never leave me. He never leave. No matter. He know he know he sees each tears that fall and hear me. &gt;&gt; I have a father. I have a father and I have a father. his dear lovely father. He calls me his soul. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. And he'll never leave me. Glory. He knows. He knows my thought. And he sees he sleep that falls and hear me when I go. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He knows your name. &gt;&gt; He knows your name. He's your father. &gt;&gt; Father. how our Lord Jesus taught us also to pray by beginning to say, "Our heavenly father, we are here, Lord, because you love fatherhood." We're here because you sent and made a way for us and you didn't want to see us. He didn't want to see us to be in such a a turmoil and see Satan taken, so abuse. And we see people today so abused. Their minds are torn and twisted. There's great fear that dominates them and controls them. You came so they can be free from that fear. There may be someone here today or more than one that is needing a healing in their mind. Lord, I pray that you'll send that spirit that I have sent so powerfully here today. That you'll confirm this word to them. Oh God, perhaps someone else may be doubting their position, their sunship, or their place as a daughter of Christ. Oh God, Satan has no right to bring that kind of fear and doubt to them because we have a message that has come to remove and lift the fear off the people. And in the name of Jesus Christ, Satan, I rebuke you. Command you to have no place, no right, no foothold. This is the purchase of God through the blood of Jesus Christ. Lord, I pray that there will be such a presence, your personal presence to go with the people. May they ponder what they've heard. May they get rest to their bodies and come and hear what the servant of God shall speak this evening. Lord, this is your day and we give the whole day to you. I pray you'll watch over. Father your word now that it may bring forth, bring forth a hundfold in Jesus Christ's name. Dismiss us, I pray. Amen. God bless you. May God's love be upon you and his face shine on you. Lord willing, we'll see you this evening at 5:00. Come early for a good seat. You're dismissed. God bless you. Heat. Heat. Oh yeah. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. We don't precious. God Dear Glory to you. Jesus The seasonal We are glory. Do you ride?
