################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2013-03-03 - 13 0303M The Interpretation of God's Word In Your Life Pt 2-Br Ed Byskal, Bibleway (BC, Canada) - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2013-03-03
Title:    13 0303M The Interpretation of God's Word In Your Life Pt 2-Br Ed Byskal, Bibleway (BC, Canada)
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 39m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cznPL6lPU0g
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] From [Music] the wings of a snow, God sings your sweet love, a sign from above. [Music] On the wings of mother. Once again. On the wings. On the wings of a soul. My love. God sent your sign from above. [Music] On the wings of butter. Oh, on the wings on the wings of the snow. God sent your sweet love aside from above. [Music] Offerings are done. Amen. Number 651, Brother Roberto. Amen. Why don't we stand and sing, "Hide thou me." Sometimes I feel discouraged, but then I cry, "Oh rock of ages, hide thou me." Amen. Have you come to hear from the Lord this morning? And we're looking forward to what God has for us today. Want to greet each and every one in the name of the Lord. Happy to have you here with us today. Just want God to have his way in our midst. Amen. [Music] Oh, sometimes I feel discouraged and take my life in vain. And I'm tempted to murder her and my law complain. But when I think of Jesus and all he's done for me, then I cry. Rock of angels, I thou me. Oh, [Music] h thou me. Oh, there's no one refuge. Lord, have I but Oh, and light dark I wonder so far. hearts on me. And I found all thees I found. Time to see and sometimes it seems I dare not go on several. And from my heart over it has sent me away and gone. Oh my. Oh, I remember Jesus love for me. Then I cry all the I for all for all of a su [Music] I love When I turn, I wonder who walk from me. And I cry for all the anges I Oh, what a friend is Jesus. Oh, what a friend is Jesus. Glorious and found it so so tender to gracious and gracious. I am safe with his control. My help is high of danger. My strong defend is me. Oh, blessed rock of angels I th and all of angels I th [Music] Mother, have I love thee? And when life starts pale, oh, I wonder so far from Jes. [Music] That third verse again. Oh, what a friend is Jesus. One friend is Jesus surrender for my soul. So stand to raise my saint in the throne holding my hand. [Music] Oh my defense is he thou blessed. Lord high for all of aes. There is high. There is no other. [Music] I start my I [Music] thought far from thee. And I cry of aes. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I have a father. [Music] He calls me his own. [Music] and you'll never leave me. Oh, no matter where you believe you this morning, he knows my name. [Music] Oh, he knows my every [Music] heart can see [Music] that and I have a major and I have a [Music] before my heart. Oh, and before he even touched me, my life was in his hand. Yes, he knows my name. For he knows my everyone [Music] and me. I have a father once more. I am the father. He calls me all [Music] and he'll never leave me. No matter where I go, he knows my he [Music] and his He knows my name. [Music] He knows my every sing. [Music] Amen. And just as we prepare to go to pray, can we sing reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by, we do have a number of prayer requests we just want to hold before the Lord. Maybe you just tuck these in your heart as we sing the chorus. Reach out and touch the Lord. Brother Ben Drake is asking that we'd remember Rhea who's home this morning sick with a fever. And also our sister Deborah Hilda Brandt is sick at home as well. Brother Sir Roy asking that we'd remember his brother-in-law who's just been diagnosed with cancer. and also for a sister who's this has been very hard on her. Amen. A number of needs in the body. Brother Tim Girtz and we'd remember a friend Alisa who's having some difficulty. Amen. He sees every need no matter how great or small. I believe that this morning. So why don't we just sing reach out and touch the Lord. I believe you'll find he's not too busy. Amen. He promised he would never leave us nor forsake us. Amen. I'm going to ask our brother Tom. Thomas could have brother Tom Holmes that he would just come and open the service in a word of prayer as we sing this chorus. Reach out and touch the Lord. Oh, reach out and touch the Lord. As he goes by, you will find he's not too busy to hear your heart's cry. He is passing by this moment to supply. Oh, reach out and touch the Lord as he once more. not reach out and touch the whole as by you will find not to disease till he [Music] passes [Music] the Reach out the Lord. Oh, reach out. Trust the Lord. I see your mind. You'll find he's not too busy to hear your heart. He's passing by this moment. Reach out, touch the [Music] Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. Father, we're so amazed at the grace of God within all of our lives that are represented here. We look down on one another's face and we see the amazing grace of God that has reached down so down and lifted us upon that glorious rock of revelation to see you high and lifted up. We want to lift up our hands this morning. We want to lift up our voices. We want to raise our hearts. We want to give you all the glory, the honor, and praise for you are worthy of it, Lord, this morning as we have come to the house of God to honor the resurrection. To know, Lord, that you said, "Because I live, you shall live also." Lord, as your prophet said, he's speaking to the bride. That same quickening power that raised Christ from the dead, if it dwells in you, it shall also quicken your mortal bodies. We can say, "Lord, we've been quickened, but quicken us more. Lord, quicken us by your word this morning as our pastor will come. Let the revelation strike our soul. Let the Holy Ghost quicken every heart, every life that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever." These are requests that have been made known to us, Lord. And we are the body of Jesus Christ. And we can be also touched by the feeling of their infirmity. But it's not us they want to reach. They want to reach you, the great high priest that can be touched this morning, Lord. That we could just touch the hem of your garment. As brother Ryan has read these requests and hearts and hands have been raised. You are the same God that spoke to the woman at the well. You're the same God that spoke to the storm. You're the same God that came down today and spoke to Hatti Wright, gave their souls, their sons souls, salvation. That same God is amongst us this morning. Same one that said, "Little fishy, I give you your life is the same God that is amongst the bride of Jesus Christ." And so Lord, as I lay my hands upon these requests and hearts are lifted up, Lord, may that same God come on the scene and answer every need, every request, Lord, for the glory of God. Let that same life, Lord, speak to every heart. And if there be any dead in their sins and trespasses, may the quickening power of God reach down to their soul and awaken them, Lord, to the life in Christ Jesus. We're thankful for the prayers of the saints, Lord, over this last weeks. Lord, we're thankful for each one that has done their part for the body of Christ. So Lord, would you bless each and everyone that is gathered this morning? In Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] Amen. God bless you. You have your seats. Once again, we just want to welcome everyone into the house of the Lord this morning. Those joining us by way of hookup on the internet or phone, just want to say God bless you as well. And we do have a couple announcements. We want to remember young people's meeting this Friday um March the 8th at 7:30. I believe that's on the 5th and 6th seals. So again, that's this Friday the 8th. At 7:30 there's a young people's meeting here at the church. And also our brother Kyle and sister Christina Morton are very happy to announce the arrival of Simeon Zachary Morton, born February the 28th, 2013 at 5:43 a.m. An early riser, 8 lb 14 o and all are doing well. Amen. Our bless brother Kyle and Christina. Amen. Why don't we sing He Led the Way at Calvary number 955. Amen. I'm also just going to ask the brother and if they would prepare for the morning offering as we sing this an old hymn we don't sing very often. I found a special tape probably from 93 or '94 and Sister Ruth was singing on there and I just thought it was such a wonderful thing to hear and so I wanted to sing that this morning. Aren't you thankful he led the way to peace for each one of us at Calvary? Amen. So, let's sing this as the brethren would come and prepare for the morning offering. Start with the first verse. I see the cross. I see the thorns. I see the place a soul was born. His agonizing feet. Oh Lord, remember me. And Jesus led the way to peace at Calary. He led the way. He led the way at Calary. [Music] From darkest night [Music] to endless day. He heard my ear. Oh Lord, remember me. Then Jesus led the way to peace at Calary. Brother, would you send us the blessing of the morning offering? [Music] Let's bow. Heavenly Father, we just thank you once again, Lord God, for another day to serve you, Lord. Jesus, when this flesh fights against us, uh right from in the morning, Lord, uh and tries to slow us down, we just come to you, Lord God, asking you to refill our cup, Father God. We want to serve you. We want to love you, Lord God. We want to reflect who you are, not who we are in the flesh. We ask you just to bless this offering, Lord God. Bless the people forgiving those who can, those who can't. You see the desire and the intent of every heart. We commit it to you now in your blessed name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We pray. Amen. Second verse. Brother Roberto. The soldier saw the darkness fall. He felt the clay. Heard Christ call his knees dropped to the star. He cried the son of God. Then Jesus led the way. Jes. He led away. He led the way. He led the way. Oh, at Calories from the darkest night to endless day. He heard my earest sing. Oh Lord, remember me and Jesus. [Music] I see the cross and I see the cross. The Savior leading us. I hear him roar. I know even mercy. Forgive these solders too. They know not what they do. Then Jesus led the way. He at Calary. Amen. He led the way. Oh, he led the way. at Calary. From darkest night to endless day he heard my earnest speed. Oh Lord, remember me. and Jesus led away to peace at Calary. And we're going to sing the chorus another couple times. Choir to come and sing. Amen. They have a chorus. We're going to teach the congregation. Spirit of God moves. So why don't you come just as we sing the chorus a couple more times. He led the way. Oh yes, he did. Oh, at Calary from darkest night to endless day he heard my earnestly. Oh Lord, remember me. And Jesus led the way to peace at how once more he led the way. Oh, he led the way. at Calary. [Music] From darkest night to endless day to earth my earest pain. Oh Lord, remember me and Jesus led the way. peace at Calary. Amen. We also have one more announcement we need to make. Our sister Isabelle Weber along with brother Doug and sister Karen Hendrickson are proud to announce the engagement of their children, Scott Hehard Weber and Elena Grace Hendrickson. The wedding date will be announced at a future time. God bless you. Still later, Brother Scott. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I heard this song from our brother David Adamora. We were driving once and I was just struck by it. It's a beautiful prayer called Spirit of God move. I just felt to have the choir sing it and we have the words on the screen that we'll put up for you a little later and you can join in with us. But I just trust that you would enter in with the prayer of it. Spirit of God move. Write your word on my heart. Amen. God bless you. [Music] Spirit of God Write your word in my heart. Fill my whole being. [Music] Consume my life. Spirit of God, move an empty vessel. I want to be so that you can come Lord and fill me. Come Holy Spirit [Music] &gt;&gt; in this place. &gt;&gt; The word is my home. Oh, and fill my whole being. Lord, consume my life. Oh spirit of God, move an empty vessel. I want to be so that you can come Lord and fill me. I lift my hands in surrender. Lay all on the altar. I don't want to pretend but be sealed by your hand. I'll take your word and I'll hide it in my heart till every fiber in my being has that desperate cry. [Music] Your holy spirit in my heart in my heart. &gt;&gt; Fill my holy &gt;&gt; fill in my life. &gt;&gt; Touch me from your I want to be so [Music] Holy Spirit. Lord and tell me. [Music] Lord, I've recognized your voice and I've understood the call. Lord, help me not to faint, but stand and overcome. Lord, I just want to please you. That's all I want to do. So from my soul now I cry to you. Spirit of God in my heart within my heart. &gt;&gt; Oh every part of me. My holy &gt;&gt; fire [Music] I want to be you can come. Holy Spirit guide and fill me. Spirit of God in this place in my heart. &gt;&gt; Jesus your people my heart of me [Music] is fire in this place. That's all I want to be. that you can come for Jesus Lord and fill me. Spirit of God, write your word in my heart. Oh, fill my whole being. &gt;&gt; Every part of me Holy fire Lord &gt;&gt; move among your people &gt;&gt; that's who I want to be so that &gt;&gt; you can come Holy Spirit Lord and fill me spirit of God in this My heart my heart is my holy fire among your people. I want to be [Music] Holy Spirit. [Music] Once you see the voice with the spirit of God, Holy Spirit, spirit of God in this within my heart [Music] and I want to be so that you can come. Holy Spirit, Lord, and fill me. Holy Spirit of God, feel the word. Write your word in my heart. You're my holy Lord my son I want to be so that you can come. Holy Spirit come and fill me. Spirit of God move an empty vessel. I want to be so that you can come. Lord Jesus, Lord, and fail me. [Music] [Applause] May that be our prayer. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're going to uh turn the service uh in a little different direction. We're going to take a portion of the meeting now and direct it towards Africa. We have a group that are going from the school senior uh some of our seniors and different ones are going to be a part to chaperone to be part of it. But this group is not going for a tourist vis a tourist vacation. This is a working working group. and I want to say a few words about it. and uh to those that are going and we're going to have prayer uh for them. We're going to hear also from brother Tatch who's the principal of the school who has uh contributed very very much to keeping the school in a spiritual atmosphere and the teachers and the staff. I don't only want to commend them, but I want to thank them for stepping to the plate and maintaining the kind of atmosphere that we need for our young people to mature and to grow in. And we're proud of our young people. We're very thankful for their hunger for God and thankful that we have such uh faculty and staff for them. Then after brother Terry uh makes his comments, then brother Kim Dingwall will make some comments because brother Kim uh has uh has contributed very much towards the arrangements and the mission part and uh the working part of of what the young people are going to do once they're over there. Brother Tim Dodd then will make his comments and this is all in the next we hope 15 20 minutes or so. So we're we're making it part of the service and uh brother brother Tim will be speaking over there at uh at perhaps different churches. We'll also be conducting a wedding for brother Bus Aaboosei uh who no doubt is streaming the service just now. But brother Bus is a wonderful worker and I know that the young people are going to be impressed uh with our brother's energy and his vision and burden. It's genuine. I would like to say also that uh my heart has been touched recently with regards to this part of the world and the continent of Africa is very very different than when we first went there. As is India, as is Russia and things are changing quickly in the world. We know that things are changing rapidly, so rapidly in China and we're so happy to have brother Tom returned back uh from China and brother Murphy still there. Uh brother Michael, they've been doing some video work and we don't want to get into that. We'll hear a lot about that later. Uh but with regards to Uganda, Brother Brandham mentions Uganda uh eight times and one of those times I was on the platform because it was in Victoria and I don't know whether we were successful in having that clip. We do have that clip. Perhaps you could just play it now. Would you do that? This is my 11th straight meeting and I'm really tired and I got to leave tomorrow night now after the service to make it down to got to go to move down to Tucson, Arizona from there to maybe to Phoenix. I got to go then up on the Alaskan Highway for a little rest. I'm going up with a friend, brother Eddie here and there. I got to be back up prayer around 1st of August and really on the move and then coming back and going overseas over to to tan Janica and Uganda and and down into South Africa and all just make a world tour around. Trying to be back again by next spring if the Lord willing. and he wants me to continue on trying in evangelism to for his glory. Amen. Apostle Paul never got to East Africa, Uganda, brother Brandham says Tanzanica, which is Tanzania. Now, Apostle Paul never got to Kenya, Burundi. never got to Zambia, Zimbabwe, Malawi, Congo, never got there. And brother Brandham wanted to get there and he mentions this several times. I have other other quotes right here also where he was speaking of brother Matson Boze, brother Joseph Matson Boz who I also knew quite well and uh brother Matson Boze he he just calls him such a sweet brother and he said he has schools over there in Tanzanica which was Tanzania into Kenya and Uganda and he mentions those all the time and how he was going to go over there. Uh he he said then he was not able to go as a missionary. Uh but he had to go as a hunter and when he did go in 1965 they didn't allow him to minister to preach. Brother brother brother Brandham never got there. The the message through him he had a desire to to speak to evangelize and to bring this message. This was in 1962 that he spoke this. This was actually in Victoria. That's why I was on the platform. And uh now here we are all these years later. This is 2013. I would never have dreamed in my wildest imagination that we'd have a church like this with you wonderful people who have given your lives to Christ and to this message. And to think that many of you were born uh right in this church and you have been baptized and you have heard the gospel through the various means through individuals and through maybe speakers at the camp or speakers here or the ministry here and God has moved and I was thinking of this earlier moved on you individually and that's really wonderful. It hasn't been like some great emotional uh pull and having people around and you know one crying and another one weeping and then everybody have like a mass baptism hasn't happened happened like last Sunday where just two young men all on their own at different times asked to see the ministry and brother Randy I mean brother uh Ryan Snow and brother Sam uh Peter and Sheila's son both of them are baptized last Sunday and uh brother Brandham never got to go to Uganda and those countries and furthermore I had a brother who is seated here listening and it was in my car and I have to give this as part of my testimony family. Uh we're sitting driving in the car. I've spent most of my life with an insatiable desire and single vision to get this prophet's message to the people. I think they need to have that message to the people. And then the men that go over and minister and so on, they can minister, but the people have a grounding in the message. But this brother that is uh sitting here listening to me now, he just looked at me. He said, "We've been getting books of the prophet's message everywhere." He said, "What about the people that can't read?" And I was stunned into silence. He said, "They can only hear." And then he begins to speak about East Africa. He said there are millions of people cannot read. How do we get this message to them? He said they listen to the radio. And I said who has radio stations there? He said the Catholic Church has their own station. The United Nations have their own station. The BBC have their own station. But he said even I feel so burdened. I'm prepared to do whatever I need to do and the the message needs to be in Swahili because the people speak Swah the Swahili language. So I'm speaking this to everyone but especially to those that are going. Brother Brandham never got Apostle Paul never got to go. Uh John the Baptist never got to go. that now you're able to go &gt;&gt; and you've got your youth before you. &gt;&gt; You should be going there with an absolutely an open heart. &gt;&gt; Move, oh Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; What do you want me to be? What effect am I to have? &gt;&gt; What is my further education? If I was going to take any further education, it would be along the lines where I could bless the bride of Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; and have a reward &gt;&gt; on down the road &gt;&gt; that I I I allowed the Holy Spirit to consume me &gt;&gt; with what really matters in this life. This is the voice of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; And there's multitudes that can't hear. And if you would talk to them, uh, they would want to know what is it that you have and you have this opportunity and it's a glorious opportunity. I've seen people settle down in life and I would urge this congregation. We work and that's what we need to do. We provide for our families. That's what we need to do. But we should have one single v vision. Whatever it is that I do, God gives you family, raise the family &gt;&gt; for the glory of God. &gt;&gt; God gives you a promotion or gives you a job or gives you some increase or something. Always keep in mind the work of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Plan to give. &gt;&gt; Not necessarily money only, but give of your life. &gt;&gt; Give of your time. Give of the strength that God gives you. for one day you may not have that strength. So always have that as foremost in your mind. I want to have our brother uh Terry Tatch, Mr. Tatch is known as the school and I like when they call our brother Tatch Mr. Tatch. God bless you. &gt;&gt; God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. This will be uh rather short, but brother Brandham tells the story uh often when he's talking in adoption and he tells about uh the father and he'll hand over his son uh to a tutor and the tutor is often with the the the son the child and he often he'll be with the child and at a certain point he'll get to a place where he gives a report on how the son's doing and and I think this is similar to that uh in that it's nice that I can come and I can give a positive report &gt;&gt; for our young people and brother Biscll said you know we're proud of them and we don't say it enough but we're very proud of our young people &gt;&gt; and it's been nice I've been uh with the school now for four years as a principal uh so I've seen them grow up from uh grade nine And now they'll be graduating. And it's neat to see them come to maturity. &gt;&gt; And it's it's not so much now where uh where in the past, you know, you'd you'd give them and you'd give, but now you can watch them moving into their place. Uh and and I I see it daily at school uh from our devotions. The the young people will start doing the devotions, they'll play the music, they'll lead the songs. uh just to the daily operations. I I come to church, I see them on the cameras. Uh I see them doing the Sunday school, helping with Sunday school, &gt;&gt; and it's just nice to say, you know, we have a good report. &gt;&gt; Our our young people are doing well. And then uh on last Wednesday we had our our family assembly and the young people got up and they were just telling us about their trip because a lot of the students didn't know what was going to happen and brother Kimmel will probably highlight some of that. Uh but you know, just to hear hear what's on their hearts and they're talking about, you know, helping widows with their livelihoods and these are believers or or putting roofs on on churches and and on widows buildings and and just giving out. And to me, to me, my one thought after they were done, I thought, you know, for so long we've ministered to these young people, and it's neat to see what's in them, and now they're starting to minister. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, we're just we're proud of our young people. &gt;&gt; We've got a good report of our young people. And I'll just hand it over. Brother Ed, did you want Brother Kim? Good. Thanks, brother Terry. Good morning. &gt;&gt; Well, it's certainly a wonderful opportunity we have to travel to to Africa with this group of young people. There just such a fine group of young men and and and women. I can only say amen to what brother Terry said already. Um, you know, we thought in the be in it last summer, we should be thinking about taking the young people to a to a on a missions trip really to give them an opportunity to give back, give them an opportunity to maybe express the gifts that are in their lives. And so, um, we we were praying about it, trying to decide which direction to go. And then Uganda came on my heart and we started talking to brother Steven Abali in Uganda about what there were for needs there and what needed to be done in that country. And we saw right away just the Holy Spirit beginning to move. And then brother Biscll talked to me about the brother that talked about audio for for East Africa and you could just see all the pieces coming together. Uh brother Tim Dodd was planning to go to do a wedding and we shifted the wedding and that so that kind of brought it all together. So while we're in the country, we will be uh the the plan is to keep them so busy all day long to have, you know, from 8:00 in the morning till about 5:00, we're going to be working on physical projects. Everything from putting a roof on a church to a roof on a widow's home to uh there's going to be some of them digging ditches in a banana plantation. Um there's going to be uh we're going to be installing print stations. We're taking six print stations that'll go all all over the country of Uganda. We're going to be working with the translators, teaching them how to translate and get their messages up onto the hub in text format. And then from what we learned from Brother Murphy, how he's got the English into audio format, we'll be setting up three recording studios while we're in Uganda that the brothers will be able to go in and record the messages in audio format to be able to get the messages out to the people. So, our intention is that every day we work from about 8:00 to 5:00. We stop for supper. We get on a bus and we go to another village nearby, maybe a half an hour, an hour away, and uh have service. Brother Tim uh they they asked me, "Will Brother Tim Do want to be preaching?" And I said, "Well, you know, he's a pastor. He's used to preaching three times a week, and now he's only preaching three times a month, so I'm sure his haywagon is loaded. So, let's make sure we work him every day." So, that was my response to them. So, so they've done that. I think we have 15 or 16 services while we're in Uganda. Um, at least one a day and uh, and it's a working trip and my hope is that by the end of the day when they come home from their day of all day working, supper, driving out. The young people will be taking part in the services and singing and testifying and and and witnessing. We're looking at going to a prison and a hospital and an orphanage all for outreach. My hope is that by the time they get home at the end of the night, they'll be so tired they won't even notice those bugs in their bed. That's that's kind of the hope that we have. So So we are uh we're we're we're looking forward to going with this group. I'm I'm like usual running hard. I was up till all hours of the la the night last night getting computers ready for the for the print stations. Um there's still there's still a few needs. The young people, I'm just going to say this, the young people have been so diligent in raising funds for this. Um, you know, when you figure that it's going to cost $4 or $5,000 a person times 16 people, you can do the math pretty quick. And then on top of that, we've raised funds for a roof, for print stations, for, you know, we've raised a lot of money for for other things as well. There are still a few needs. So, those of you who have missed the opportunity to give towards this trip, we're not looking for any funding at this point for the students, for their travel or that, but anything that's raised now will be able to go directly to needs within the country. We still have a whole list of needs that we'd like to be able to meet while we're there. So, that's all I'm going to say about this trip this morning. I'm going to because this service is a little bit unusual, I'm going to be unusual this morning and take a little bit of a detour. I'd like to sing that song we sang already this morning. I have a father. And I'd like to get the words up right away so I could see it if I if I could. When I sing that song, I sing it a little bit different. And whenever I'm traveling on the field, that's the song I sing all day long. I have a father. And I don't sing He'll never leave me where wherever I go. I always sing he will ever lead me wherever I go. Because sons of God, it's not sons of God should be led by the spirit of God. Sons of God are led by the spirit of God. And so we go in that confidence. Those that are coming, God led them to come. Those of you that have given, God's led you to give. And I have two reasons for wanting to sing that song. One is because it's part of what we're talking about in God's leadership. The second is, can I have the second verse up, please? Um uh the first verse, sorry. I have a maker. We sang this this morning and it really touched my heart because we have a little girl in church with us this morning. Her name is Lyanna. She's 7 months old. She comes from Manitoba. It's Junior's cousin Joel and his wife and their little their little baby 7 months old who's going in tomorrow for open heart surgery. And I want want us to remember her in prayer. But when I saw the signs, the the words to this verse, I have a maker. He formed my heart. And before even time began, my life was in my h in his hand. I leaned over to Joel and I said, Joel, this is your verse. This is the verse for your little girl this morning. He formed the heart. She needs a new valve in her heart. And I want us to pray that God would so guide the hands of that surgeon. Her life is in his hands. Let's sing that chorus together. I have a maker [Music] before my heart. And before even time began, her life was in his hand. [Music] He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tearless voice and he hears me when I call. [Music] I have a father. [Music] He calls me his own. And he'll never lead me. No matter where I go, he knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I call. Let's just pray together this morning. Father, we bow in your presence, Lord. We're so thankful for your presence here this morning. We're so thankful for your mercy, Lord. Father, we think of our little sister Lyanna here this morning. Oh God, knowing that you formed her heart, oh God, you brought her to this moment this morning. You led her parents here this morning because sons and daughters of God are led by your spirit, Lord. And we pray, Lord Jesus, that tomorrow morning you'd stand beside that surgeon and guide every movement of his hand, oh God. We pray that your presence would be there, Lord. Lord, and we know that then the surgeon can cut and he can put things there, but we know that it takes you to come back and do the healing, oh God. Father, and we have this confidence in you, Lord, knowing that the promise is ours, Father. We pray that you touch little, Lord, and we'll rejoice and give you all the glory, oh God. &gt;&gt; We thank you this morning. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Have faith. Only believe. All things are possible to them that believe. Amen. Well, we certainly are uh very thankful in many ways to be a part of this uh occasion is not really the right word, but this event that is unfolding and it is a supernatural event. And I I've noticed that just by the way that it has come together in the way that all of the uh participatory parts have have gathered from the different areas and and whether it be brother Tatch and the teachers at school and the the growth of the young people to the brother Kim's involvement and his uh very capable involvement in in preparing and organizing the logistical side of this trip and being involved in the the natural needs. And I wasn't actually originally a part of the trip, but uh as brother Kim mentioned, there was a young brother whom brother Biscll had mentioned, Brother Busabosi, who specifically asked me to come do his wedding in January. And uh and and when he asked me, I it just kind of dropped in my heart that well, you know, if if he would move his wedding from January to March, then I would maybe take that as from the Lord that I'm supposed to go with the young people. And uh and so I just kind of replied in the email and I I knew myself if I was a young man getting married, there's no way I'm moving my wedding from January to March. I might move it from March to January. And uh so uh I just kind of replied to him and said, you know, it's too bad your wedding's in January. if it if it if it was in March, I might think of coming because we've got some young people going to Uganda. And I got a very quick reply and and said, you know, I just feel God would have me to change it and and told me several things that the Lord had spoken to him. And so, here we are a part of this trip. &gt;&gt; We believe that's of the Lord. &gt;&gt; I've been reminding the young people of one verse and that is uh 1 Timothy 4 and I keep I keep reading it to them. I'll read it to them again today. Let no man despise thy youth, &gt;&gt; but be thou an example of the believers &gt;&gt; in word, in conversation, in love, in spirit, in faith, in purity. &gt;&gt; And that's what these young people are. They are examples. And they are certainly mature enough to be examples. And that's what God would have them to be, not just what I would have them or the church. And as they're going as representatives of the vision of the church here through the uh um through the oposes of the school that the brother Biscll and the and the leadership here in their uh vision have helped to to establish. uh they are ambassadors of the vision of the message through Cloverdale Bible Way. &gt;&gt; It'll be a great experience and I I don't need to go into that. That's that's a given. But uh there are in the when we come to mission's work there there is one aspect in this end time that is significant because we realize that missions is about a bride that's going in a rapture. &gt;&gt; It's not just about uh winning souls. It's about getting those souls to the revelation of the word or as I've said before enabling the bride to hear the bridegroom's voice that she may respond to the voice and not just have the voice but have the bridegroom himself which the message is Christ and so that is what we are putting into their hands. So there's no shortage of needs in a country when you go to a place like Uganda and as as we look at it uh as far as ministers are concerned uh there there's never a shortage of needs. There's hundreds of churches there in the message of all sizes small and large. uh they need Bibles, they need message books, they need the message on MP3, they need audio, they might need buildings, they need roofs, they might need motorcycles, they might need bicycles, they need all sorts of things. But the greatest need there is the same as the greatest need here. And that is the bride must have access to the message. &gt;&gt; They have all those other things. And if they didn't have access to the message, what is the value of the other things? &gt;&gt; And so the that is what as ministry we are focused upon. Having said that, I would quote the scripture again in Timothy that says, "Charge them that are rich in this world, that they be not high- minded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy, that they do good, that they be rich in good works, &gt;&gt; ready to distribute, &gt;&gt; willing to communicate, laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come that they may laid hold on eternal life. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So that is what we are doing. And I want to say I was talking to a a brother here not long ago whose income was about $1,500 a month and confessed himself to be very poor. And we in this society would feel if you only made $1,500 a month, you would indeed be very poor. I think we would say amen to that. Amen. &gt;&gt; However, if you made $1,500 a month in Uganda, you would be very rich. &gt;&gt; And so, it's all relative to the culture that you're living in. And so, we realize we have, they don't have, and we have now an opportunity to minister to them. Brother Kim has mentioned some of the natural needs and and some funds have come in towards those things and and we want to minister to them. But I will say no matter how much is given and we want to give all that God leads us to give, you'll never meet all the natural needs in a country like that. You'll never be able to. But we want to be led of God. And so I hope that you will pray for us &gt;&gt; that as we encounter needs that God will direct us in what re limited resources we have to help where he wants us to help. &gt;&gt; So let me just make another comment or two and then I'll turn it back to brother Ed. Uh brother Kim has already mentioned uh meetings. There's 10 services in the first week and uh brother Steven Ibali who brother Kim has mentioned is a senior ministry. I I met brother Steven for the first time about 25 years ago. We've known each other since that time. He's been with us in Grand Prairie and I've met him in different occasions in different places. He's been in meetings, ministers meetings that I've ministered and and that and he is one of the senior ministers in that country. And we're both looking forward to being with each other. And uh anytime that uh senior ministers come from North America to th to those countries, there's always an anticipation. And uh he said he's anticipating spending the time with me, but I'm anticipating and looking forward to spending the time with him and with other ministers. and we'll be with them around Ginger and traveling out from there for the first week. And I'm just sharing this with you so that you can be in prayer about it. Uh from there, after the first week, we will go to Matana where uh brother Bus's pastor, his church, and his pastor there, which I'll mention in a minute. Uh we'll visit a prison there and a hospital, Lord willing. on our way to a convention in Cassissi. Brother James Nanabandhi is there and uh sends his greetings and he says all preparation uh to welcome you in Cassissi are in high gear and many are planning to travel hundreds of kilometers to come and attend that two-day meeting. There'll actually be about roughly about 200 churches represented in that meeting. And so it's it's not just a a small little gathering and many many will be traveling hundreds of kilometers. And so we appreciate and it's not traveling on nice highways with uh uh nice new vehicles either. It's a great sacrifice for many of them to come. So please be praying about that. And then we from there we'll be going back to Matana uh where the wedding of brother Busabosi will be taking place which is kind of for me the lynch pin of the whole trip. And uh uh brother is pastor brother Leo Ruaba and forgive me brother Lee if I said that wrong. He'll probably watch this service this morning. I haven't asked him yet how to pronounce his name. We've been trying to connect on the phone but haven't yet. and uh we haven't met but he is the pastor of brother uh Basaboszi whom we call brother Bus for short and uh he I'll just read you his greetings he says we appreciate your sacrifice and support towards the wedding of our son and uh when I saw brother Steven that's brother Steven Ibali paying for your accommodation in Mitana as brother Steven has been arranging some of our accommodation he says I was very happy he says we really thank God who opened a door for us to be in fellowship with Cloverdale Bible Way Ministry through the videos distributed by Brother Bus. They they have brought revival to my family, church members, and many brethren who received them. All glory back to God. &gt;&gt; And he says, "Greetings to Pastor Eddie Biscll and your family and the saints. We love you so much." And so you see they already feel a part of us &gt;&gt; and we're going there to be a part of them and a part of the wedding. And uh we consider brother Bus to be a part of us. Uh I can't take wedding gifts with me. So please don't bring me any gifts of any large size. But if you want to send a card or a greeting or something that's that can easily fit into my uh luggage, then uh and again no no no wrapped gifts. I I my luggage is already too full. And uh so if you want to send something by way of to commemorate that and I I know that that would be a special blessing. And if you had something together by say Wednesday and uh was able to give it in at the office and let it know that it was for brother bus or whatever it might be, even if you wanted to give a little um monetary blessing and uh then uh you could do that. I did that for a reason. So, uh, we're also I just I got to end it here and give it back to brother Ed, but I want to just say, uh, remember Ethiopia in your prayers. That is something that has come up unusually so. And again, from several different sections and we're actually going to help brother Bus uh on his honeymoon to go to Ethiopia. He's an evangelist and he's going to take his wife with him into Ethiopia and try and establish some contacts there. on his honeymoon, which we don't know of any message believers or any churches in Ethiopia, a t a country of about 95 million people. And so, uh, and it's about 60%, uh, Christianbased. And so, uh, we we've had this burden and it looks like a door is opening. And so, pray for Ethiopia as well. &gt;&gt; And then, I don't know if brother Ed wanted me to mention, but after Uganda, we'll be going on through Europe. a brief stop in Paris and on to the meetings in Switzerland that will be happening there. And uh I'll just say uh when brother Ed asked me to long a little while ago after last year's meeting says, "Brother Tim, I'd really like you to pray about going to Switzerland." And uh and then I prayed about it. I said, "Lord, if if Brother Ed really feels pressed, I will go to Switzerland." That was how I was praying about it. And then and then he just a little while ago asked me, "Brother Tim, you have one day to decide, but I'd really like you to be in Switzerland." And and and I didn't need to decide. I'd already decided if he felt led, then I feel led. And so uh that's what I was on my heart. And so even though I don't get to come home, we just go right over to Switzerland. And uh and then when Brother Kim heard that I was going right over to Switzerland, he thought, "Why don't we all go over to Switzerland?" And uh there we go. We're all going to do that trip and it's going to be wonderful. &gt;&gt; And it's all to the glory of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. All right. God bless you. Uh I'd like to have the all the young people that are going on that uh trip if they would come to the front here please and stand here. I would like those that are going to attend and chaperone also on the trip and brother Terry if you would please come down. Mr. Tatch and brother Dingwall and brother Dodd if you would also be there. I'm going to do something a little bit different. Uh, brother Gindo, like to have you, brother, if you'd come and join us in standing behind these people. Brother Dominic Sankamina, Brother Ellie, if you would come and join us, please. I want all these brothers to stand behind. Uh do we have brother OED? I see you. Please come and join us. Oh, I don't know. Brother Daniel Kahangu, is he here? Brother Joseph Kamali. Uh, brother Victor Adomora, if you're here, brother Gilbert Okalo, I'd like to have you come and join us. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. These brethren all have different connections with Africa. Brother Okeello from Kenya, Nairobi, a number of these other brothers from different parts, Congo, Nigeria, wherever. We're not doing this as a some kind of a ceremony. But I believe that this is uh maybe the beginning of some things in the lives of these uh young men and young ladies and we we don't know what it's going to be. There was a course of a song that came to me and I don't know I'm I'm the only one that remembers it. can ask uh I don't know if you would know it or not, brother Hbrand. It is uh send a new touch of fire on my soul, Lord. Does anybody know that? Wow. You're going to know it in a few minutes. We're going to sing it also as a prayer. You're going to help me. Uh somebody's just learned it this morning. And I changed the words of one line. Send a new touch of fire on our souls. Lord, send it now. Lord, send it now. Fill our hearts today with the living word. Send a new touch of fire on our soul. Why don't you stand with us? &gt;&gt; This a simple little course. Send a new touch of fire on my soul. Lord, send it now. Lord, send it now. Lord, fill our hearts today with the living word. Send a new touch of fire on our soul. &gt;&gt; And let's just make it personal. Send a new touch of fire on my soul, Lord. Send a new touch of fire on my soul, Lord. Send it now, Lord. Send it now, Lord. Fill our hearts today with the living word. Send the news of fire on my soul. Send a new hallelujah. So hear us, oh God. &gt;&gt; Send it now, Lord. Send it now, Lord, to our hearts today with the living word. Send a new touch of fire on my soul. Let's everyone sing it now. Send a new touch of fire on my soul, Lord. Send it now, Lord. Send it now, Lord. Filling hearts today with the living word. Send a new fire on my soul. I wonder if you'd like to raise your hand and surrender as we sing it again. Send a new touch of &gt;&gt; fire on our soul. &gt;&gt; Send it on my soul, Lord. &gt;&gt; Send it. &gt;&gt; Send it now, Lord. &gt;&gt; Send it now, Lord. Fill our hearts today with the living word. Send them to your heart on my soul. Oh, we all want to enter into prayer now. And I wonder if the brothers if you'd all just lay your hand on someone there in front of you. Some of these precious lives, young men, young women, how I wish I was your age again. Have this opportunity. [Music] Oh God, allseeing God, all knowing God, you hold the lives of each of these persons in your hand. And we are praying, Father, for a nation and a continent that still has very great needs and multitudes have not heard, have not even heard your name. Lord Jesus, we are praying that the new touch of fire, the fire of the Holy Ghost, let the baptism of the Holy Ghost, oh God, fill these lives, turn them into burning torches, oh God. And as they go and as they speak, as they act, and as they live, may men and women's eyes be open. and may they see Jesus Christ once again alive and living, speaking and doing. I pray that you will accompany this group with signs and wonders Lord and miracles. I pray, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, you'll ignite something also in their heart that when they return, they will not be the same. Oh God, they'll be forever transformed by the transforming power. You've seen this before the foundation of the world. And I pray, oh God, your will will be done every day that you'll give special divine wisdom, Lord, to the brethren that will be uh guiding and attending. Give them the divine wisdom of the Holy Spirit. May the gift of the Holy Ghost be their part, Father. The gift of wisdom. I pray there'll be protection along the way. I pray you'll raise up a great wall of fire around him, Lord. there will be no no enemy. There will be no sickness. There will be no kind of thing that they will come back with a great testimony. Oh father, I pray in the name of Jesus that there will be something eternal done. Lord, I know that it will be so. Pray you'll anoint our brother Kim D as he speaks. Oh God, our brother Kim Dingwall as he guides, oh Father, into the different missions areas. Pray Lord Jesus for the sisters that are attending Sister Heddy and all those sisters that are going with I pray that you will bless them immensely and I know that you'll make them a blessing. Father we dedicate them to you in a new way in a special way. All of them have been dedicated as children as babies. They didn't know what was happening then but now they do. They know what is happening. I'm giving myself to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Bless this congregation, Father. Bless the word, Father. Open our hearts and cause just some words to be spoken, Lord, that would be appropriate at this time in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you each one as you find your seats and others remain standing if you would please. Uh I would like to say that this evening we we'll uh we'll just receive a an offering. Uh if you can remember to give if you can't we can we can pass the buckets also this evening offering. But if you just like to give something for Uganda and uh and uh the needs that will they will face along the way. This is the first I've heard of it just now. But please you can just put it on the envelope. Buganda or Africa or whatever you wish and we'll see that it goes there. It doesn't have to be large. It can be big. It can be small. It doesn't make any difference whichever way. All right. Do you mind if I take a little time with the word now? All right. I'm not going to keep you long because I wanted this to be a part a definite part of the service. Please take your Bibles if you would and turn to Colossians and we'll read. I'm going to be just as brief as I can. I'm carrying on from last week. I don't know if you'll recognize that we're carrying on from last week, but trust you will. In Colossians the 1 chapter, I want to read from the 15th verse. And this is the scripture reading for the message Christ is the mystery of God revealed. And um if you'll just keep your mind really focused so I can move as quickly as possible starting with verse 15. Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature? For by him were all things created that are in heaven and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. All things were created by him and for him. And he is before all things, and by him all things consist. And he is the head of the body, the church, who is the beginning and the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence. For it pleased the Father that in him should all fullness dwell. In verse 26, even the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest in his saints, to whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory, whom we preach, warning every man and teaching every man in all wisdom, that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus, where unto I also labor, striving according to his working, which workketh in me mightily. Amen. May God bless you as you have your seats. I have other scripture I want to read. So, keep your Bible open if you would please. I want to thank all the people that participated and and uh uh I want you to know that this is not just a missions journey that these uh the young people and the others are going on. Uh there is a very very specific thing. We are looking forward to a possibility of reaching people multitudes of people that do not read. We're looking even if it even if it requires a radio station. I want you to know that there has been also uh uh there has been com not commitment but there has been expression that even if it require that one day we were a small group perhaps as many people maybe as here right here in those seats that's about the size we were and we wanted to get the message out so we made inquiry around and and soon we were on 25 stations in Hawaii and Africa up in Yukon, all over North America and and Canada and the United States especially. And God gave us favor when other people were scrambling for just very very desiring very desirous stations here. God put it in the hearts of people who are decision makers to call us and say, "Do you want this slot? Do you want this time?" And they got us on a skip wave in the United States on WWL New Orleans on 50,000 watts. That's not FM. That's AM. 50,000 watts. We were on KGO. 50,000 watts. We were on San Francisco. We were in Los Angeles. We were also in Swazi music radio. 100,000 watt Swazi music radio covering an area of 87 million people all the way from Mosmbique down Malawi and Zambia and all over South and Southwest Africa. and and and we we didn't God just arranged it and we just go ahead with it and God always provides. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now we're a larger group of people and I would say that the the the force and the desire remains the same. &gt;&gt; And if God opens the door by God's strength and God's help, we'll go through it. Can the congregation say amen to that? That's our mission. And when it's over, we're going to go and rejoice around a marriage supper. And you'll rejoice that we had that kind of vision that stands behind this pulpit. And it's always the vision. That is the commission. &gt;&gt; The commission is to take it to all the world. &gt;&gt; And when we've got a message that we know that the neighbor hasn't got, all the world might be next door. And we don't want you to feel that you you you're not important. You're very important. You're an integral part of this whole program. God put you here for a reason. So, we say amen to that. Now, we read in the scripture, who is the image of the invisible God. And I want to just have you also turn in the in the scripture to Genesis if you would, the first chapter in verse 27:28. So, God created man. And now this is what I I want to I want to just have you focus very quickly on this and I'll be as concise as possible and you be as alert as possible. I want to speak on the s the secret of life. I will not get through it now but I will I want to introduce it at least on the secret of life. People today are very conscious about the life and the quality of life and uh and that's something that you hear quite frequently the quality of life. If you go to the hospital and you got a something serious, they want you to sign a document on uh uh do we revive you? If you do we resuscitate you or what happens and and then uh a question always comes up and I've been with people they they've asked me should I sign I said I can't really tell you that you do but then the question comes up what will be my quality of life if you resuscitate me. Well, I'll tell you what. God has had to resuscitate a world. &gt;&gt; We weren't only lost our breath. We lost our mind. &gt;&gt; This generation lost everything that was worthwhile. &gt;&gt; And God had to resuscitate us with a new creation &gt;&gt; to give us a right quality of life. And so the Bible says, "So God created man." This is where it began. Be created man in his own image. in the image of God created he him. Male and female created he them. And God blessed them. And God said unto them, "Be fruitful, multiply, replenish the earth, and subdue it, and have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth." and and in and chapter 2:7. And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the earth and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life and man became a living soul. The life of God transmitted transferred into his son Adam. And his son Adam was was the underpinning. This is the I I want you to catch this word please. the underpinning act of creation. It was the founding act of creation which is when God who's a God of fills all time and space. I don't expect you to comprehend these things. I just say it. God who fills all time and space which the prophet said and made his son God of the earth. Now, I don't know why God chose this this planet, but he chose this planet to put multiple billions of kinds of seeds of all kinds from grass and botney life to animal life to foul that flies in the air and all the things that are in the sea. Still discovering things thousands of feet deep in the sea and and and and there's all there's millions of species that are already extinct. And God, that was all in God's mind. And that's that isn't anything. It'll take eternity to to for us to keep discovering what's in God's mind. But then he breathed into Adam and Adam became a living soul. That was the life, the original life. &gt;&gt; That man had original life. &gt;&gt; And then the Bible and then I want to refer to that as the underpinning. The word underpinning is a solid foundation. It's a solid foundation which is laid below ground level to support or strengthen a building. So it's the underpinning. It was the commencement of a lineage. This is a foundation for a lineage. &gt;&gt; And Adam Adam was given that multiply and replenish. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; He was the founding father &gt;&gt; to be the founding father of all of that. Then the Bible tells us of the fall. The f the the it tells us of the fall and and there therefore it says therefore the Lord God sent him forth from the garden of Eden to till the ground from whence he was taken. But the prophet says in Christ is the mystery of God revealed. And if you want to listen to a message, listen to that one in the next few days. God's secret mystery he had before the world began. Now back in the back part of God's mind, there was something that he was trying and was going to achieve. &gt;&gt; And he had a motive. He had a motive and he had a plan. In other words, he had a motive in doing it in order to let himself be expressed. So when God began to speak and God began to act, it was for one's purpose, this motive. I'm going to be expressed. &gt;&gt; I'm going to That even comes down to today. We're here today. You're living your life. God gave you life so you could express him. &gt;&gt; That's why you're here in this world. You're here to express what God's original thought was. &gt;&gt; Amen. And Satan attacked the very foundation, &gt;&gt; the underpinning. He he attacked the foundation. I want you to hold on to that. It was the foundation that he attacked uh the foundation of the creation. He couldn't create, but he could pervert what was created. &gt;&gt; And then God sent him forth out of the out of the garden. The Bible says he sent him forth to till the ground from whence he was taken. So in the fall, the original life was lost. Listen friends, every one of us, you've gone by uh uh you've gone by a cemetery and you see the gravestones, it's evidence something was lost. You drive by a hospital, it's evidence things was lost. And there's the the the criminal courts are full and backed up, incarcerated people by the multitudes. And the prophet of God, one man stands up and says when when when Eve and Adam fell, when Eve was deceived by that, missing that one word, he said it caused all of that &gt;&gt; in one statement. It covers all of that. Let me say this. The quality of life, &gt;&gt; even if you are in good health and you live out a good full life, the quality of life in this world is not a good quality of life, &gt;&gt; we would say something's been lost. And when you see what people have to entertain themselves with, when you see what what people have to take to to try to maintain their health &gt;&gt; and what they have to try to maintain their mental balance and and and if they got any little ache or emotional distress or whatever more, God made us. How many times the prophet of God I'm preaching to you now says that we he he says he wants us to be rugged. &gt;&gt; Rugged young man. rugged young ladies. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Because it was the quality of life. And the prophet said, "And when he lost his life, when he lost his life, he also lost his inheritance in life." He lost his life. Oh my, how I thought that so touched me. Adam lost his life. But he lived on. He lived over 900 years. He lived on. What did he lose? He lost the quality. He lost the God life. &gt;&gt; He lost his way in life. &gt;&gt; And look how it's deteriorated ever since. And the prophet said, "Then how thankful I am for this message. &gt;&gt; Our natural life here that we have is just a perversion. &gt;&gt; It really should have been the right life to begin with. &gt;&gt; But it's been perverted by natural birth. &gt;&gt; So you have a mother and a father. How thankful we could sing the other course. Brother Ryan and brother Kim, I have a father. &gt;&gt; It's not Charles Brham. It's not Fred Biscll. It's not your earthly father. &gt;&gt; You have a father. &gt;&gt; He knew my name. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [Music] Thank God that he had &gt;&gt; had us in his mind &gt;&gt; and he said, "These are going to be my children." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And they've been born in a mess &gt;&gt; and I'm going to bring the blood of Jesus Christ. I'm going to start a new creation and in the new creation it'll be perfection once again. &gt;&gt; Listen friends, people think that's a cultism when you talk about perfection and fre. I say what kind of religion does people have? something that's not going to bring them to perfection. Might as well forget it. Go out, drink, marry, and have a good time. But thank God we have a religion that brings us back. A word that brings us back to perfection once again. Life as it should be. [Music] &gt;&gt; And phase three, I put this into three phases. The original life, the fallen life, and now the virgin life. And the virgin birth, he said, produce the product. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Produce the product. The virgin birth produced our kinsman redeemer. None other than the almighty God become Emmanuel. One of us, Emmanuel. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And then Jesus came on the scene and he said, I am the way, the truth. I'm the life. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It's back again. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. No man cometh unto the father by me. And in John 1 and4 it says in him was life. &gt;&gt; What kind of life? The life that Adam should have had in the first place. In him was life. And then in Revelation, he ends up in Revelation speaking to one of the church ages. He said, "I am he that liveth and was dead and behold, I'm alive forever more." In other words, he's telling us, "I tasted of life. I tasted of death, &gt;&gt; but this is the life. &gt;&gt; I am he that was dead, and behold, I'm alive forever more. Amen. And I have the keys of death and hell. &gt;&gt; In the masterpiece, now at the harvest time, the seed is back to its original life. Back to the Bible, Malachi 4 said it would be brought that way. said, "Oh my, must have must have all to be this way. It must have all the word." And is that right? So, this is the secret mystery of the Bible. &gt;&gt; Here's the secret mystery. We're going to turn a few sharp turns here in a few moments because I'm moving quickly. And if you want to ask me about anything afterwards, that's fine. Also, not today, but another time. This is the secret mystery of the entire Bible. That is why the seventh seal was his coming in silence. Because now I want to uh carry on from last Sunday and just remind you last Sunday we spoke of Joseph. We spoke of the Old Testament saints and and how the prophet now comes in our day and says it was Christ in Isaac. &gt;&gt; It was Christ in Joseph. It was Christ in Moses. It was Christ. Look at they didn't even realize it. It was Christ in Samuel when he was rejected. It was Christ in on David when David was being spit upon and dust was being thrown up in the air. It was Christ in him. And one of David's great men says, "I'll take that dog's head off." &gt;&gt; David said, "No, don't do that. God had him do that." And he doesn't even know. So now the vision of the word of God, here it is. the vision in D. In Joseph's case, he's dreaming dreams, but he does he can't interpret the dream. His life interprets the dream, but he doesn't know it's being interpreted. &gt;&gt; He's having difficulty. He's having stress. He's having he's being torn from father and mother. He's been taken to a strange land. And the further he goes, the further he seems to be away from the fulfillment of God's plan. I want to say once again, I said a last Sunday. I want to say there's no elected &gt;&gt; there's no elected son or daughter of God that that that God will allow to be taken outside of their ability to fulfill God's word in their life. &gt;&gt; God may take you from family. He may take you from friends. He may take you who knows where. You you may think I'm I'm the furthest away from fulfilling what God has for me. Don't worry. &gt;&gt; God who called you, God who brought you to this message, God is going to fulfill his purpose. &gt;&gt; And everyone who has fulfills God's purpose, he said, has a resurrection. &gt;&gt; That way you know you're in it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So the virgin birth produced it. And here came the one with the life. &gt;&gt; And he says, "I am he that alive and is alive forever more." And the prophet says, "Now at the harvest time, &gt;&gt; the seed is back to its original life." &gt;&gt; I would like you to be able to repeat that. At the harvest time, at the harvest time, the seed, if you can just say this with me, the seed is back to its original life. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I want you to understand the harvest time. This is the harvest time &gt;&gt; of the earth. What happens at harvest time? the grain is cut down at the harvest time. You're bringing in the seed. &gt;&gt; And that's what Jesus spoke about. &gt;&gt; And and at the harvest time, what went into the ground? Who went into the ground? &gt;&gt; Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; The original life went into the ground. But because he was greater than death, &gt;&gt; he was greater than corruption. &gt;&gt; Because he is the creator himself, he came back out of the grave and said, "I was dead, I'm alive." &gt;&gt; And because I live, you shall live. &gt;&gt; Well, what kind of quality of life? What kind of life is he giving us? &gt;&gt; He's giving us some substandard life. I say, "No, &gt;&gt; he's giving us original life." Amen. &gt;&gt; When did you ever hear of original life? When did you ever hear a message? The spoken word is the original seed &gt;&gt; or the original seed is the spoken word. It's this messenger that spoke it. Why? Because God was going to put through his mouth &gt;&gt; the the spoken word that would produce original life. &gt;&gt; And that is why the prophet speaks so much about the world. We don't need the entertainment. We don't need the world to support it. We don't need the joy and the world gifts. We don't need their fun and games. We don't need their fashions and all the We don't need that &gt;&gt; because we have been we have been not only provided but we have been given &gt;&gt; Let me say it plain. We've been pregnantated. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; With the original seed. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. a virgin bride pregnant by the spoken word of God. And the spoken word of God can only say thus saith the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So now that's why the seventh seal &gt;&gt; could only come in silence. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's been silent all the time. the the fulfillment of the whole Old Testament. &gt;&gt; You read here of people's lives. &gt;&gt; You can read of of of the people that lived. You read about Noah and you read about him preaching 120 years. Then you hear read about him making an ark and you read about Abraham leaving. You read about and those are things we can relate to. &gt;&gt; He left his family. He left his friends. He left his comfort zone. Many here have done that. And we read about people who have gone into hardship with people who've been in famine. We've read about those that are widows. There's some that are widows here. There's widows in the Bible. They didn't know that they were portraying Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Why? Because it was kept a secret. Why? Because it was telling of another life coming. It was telling of the coming of Christ. &gt;&gt; The first coming was coming in secret [Music] &gt;&gt; and God held it as a secret and he held it in silence. &gt;&gt; He didn't tell anybody. He didn't have any special friend and say, &gt;&gt; "Let me tell you something. This is the Messiah coming." &gt;&gt; They didn't notice the Messiah coming. I'm portraying the Messiah. They're spitting on me, throwing dust in my face, and I'm portraying the Messiah. And here he's standing on the very hill that the son of David will stand on and have that very thing happen. How could he understand? He couldn't understand it. And that's why you can't understand this coming of Christ. But in the end time there had to be the original word come back because the original word was the underpinning of the foundation. &gt;&gt; And that is why this prophet goes to Zachchariah and speaks about Zerubbabel and he said and he that brought the foundation will also bring the headstone. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He that built the foundation, he who underpinned it in the creation is going to also bring the tap stone. &gt;&gt; The capstone is Christ. [Applause] &gt;&gt; I wished I had a couple of hours. And that is why the prophet said now when the seventh and the scripture reads and when the seventh seal was opened they were silent in heaven for about half an hour and that nothing is said is and the people were there expecting some great explosion of truth and that was and what they didn't realize is that they were fulfilling the word even by their presence sitting there listening. &gt;&gt; Somebody had to hear it. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; The mystery is how you are fulfilling a part of the word of God. &gt;&gt; And we're actually called on to fulfill the coming of Christ. &gt;&gt; You can't stop his coming &gt;&gt; any more than any of them in the Old Testament could stop. Finally. Finally, he said the masterpiece arrived. There was nobody in the Old Testament realized when the masterpiece was coming. &gt;&gt; Why? Because God held it as his secret. &gt;&gt; And the mystery of it is how we as insignificant humans &gt;&gt; could be made to play a part and ask that out. [Music] You are actually bringing &gt;&gt; the whole thing to fulfillment &gt;&gt; and that should be our joy. &gt;&gt; Oh God, &gt;&gt; you mean that what I'm going through, the fact that you are standing here or sitting here and listening to this message and have gone through what you've gone through &gt;&gt; in life. Some may be pulled from the dreads of sin, &gt;&gt; from a terrible life in the world. &gt;&gt; Others absolutely swallowed up in deception of religion. &gt;&gt; Some here who perhaps, you know, kissed idols. &gt;&gt; You've been into this and into that and into some. It's been an absolute supernatural miracle that you're sitting here. &gt;&gt; And that's a fulfillment of God's word. &gt;&gt; I'll bring them from the north and the south. &gt;&gt; I'll bring them from the east and the west. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. All &gt;&gt; here's what the original life said. All that the father hath given me shall come. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Are you here? &gt;&gt; Are you part of that? &gt;&gt; Then you're fulfilling the very words of the Christ, the Messiah. &gt;&gt; I have come. &gt;&gt; In fact is I couldn't help it. &gt;&gt; And I can't give it up. &gt;&gt; It's not you. It's Christ. The spirit of God in you &gt;&gt; that won't release his own word. He won't let go of it. &gt;&gt; It's not you holding it. It's holding you. &gt;&gt; All of these things come as such a miracle. Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I see you're in agreement, brother Michael. You know that that's the truth. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So God had entrusted Adam with the secret of life. breathed into his nostrils as we said earlier and he lost his position and lost his ability to bring forth the image of God. He couldn't bring forth let us make man in our image then he was to bring forth the image but he couldn't do it. I'm not preaching you a sermon. I'm telling you, honored. There's a language brother Brandham used. The Exodus people, &gt;&gt; honored people of the earth, &gt;&gt; honored men and women of the earth, &gt;&gt; and if you had Almighty God come down here, he couldn't say it any clearer. He's already said it. I'm going to use you &gt;&gt; in all of your weakness, in all of the history that you have. &gt;&gt; I'm going to use you to bring forth my image &gt;&gt; back on the earth. &gt;&gt; I have ordained. Some of you aren't aren't aren't quite there yet, but some God has simply said, I've ordained. &gt;&gt; What use is this planet? Why are scientists trying to discover the meaning of the planets and this place and trying to discover the origin of life and some big bang? I don't care if it's a big bang or what it was. &gt;&gt; If it was a big bang, God said bang. &gt;&gt; Whatever it was, God did it. &gt;&gt; However small it is, God did it. And it takes a prophet who only went to grade seven to tell these men of all of this high class education. You're missing a period. [Applause] &gt;&gt; They come home and said, "Oh, you said it's only 6,000 years old or 7,000 years old." That isn't what he said. &gt;&gt; That's what they figured out. &gt;&gt; He said, "In the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth." &gt;&gt; Period. and they go through 15 years of university and had can't find the period. &gt;&gt; Come on, folks. That's exactly the way it is. &gt;&gt; Whoever Whoever did it, God did it. &gt;&gt; Could have been hundreds of millions of years. We We're not interested. We don't care. We're here. &gt;&gt; But the same God said, &gt;&gt; "Christ in you &gt;&gt; is the hope of glory &gt;&gt; and is the mystery." What mystery? The mystery of the image coming back. The image of the original life coming back. You say, "Well, no, this is kind of over my no." No, it's not over your mind. You simply have to believe. And when you believe, you will activate the transforming power from within you. &gt;&gt; Believe it in the name of Jesus Christ. Believe it. Say, "Well, I got this in my character. I got forget it. How long are you saved? He says, as long as you believe it. &gt;&gt; Say, "Well, I don't feel." Well, you don't feel it cuz you don't believe it. &gt;&gt; But once you believe it, you'll begin to feel it. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Say, "I got the devil on my case. I got the devil and he's saying this." Of course, he's saying that because you're stopping and listening to him &gt;&gt; and you have enough time to tell all about it. the devil this and the devil that and my sickness this. And people can tell more about what the doctor said. They can tell about what God said. &gt;&gt; Let's tell us what God said. God said God said, "I am the Lord that health thee." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Say, "That's what I'm reading. &gt;&gt; That's the record." &gt;&gt; You say, "You talk about a privileged people here. You have a prophet's message. Don't forget that prophet also stood in front of people and said you've been just to a doctor. &gt;&gt; I see you standing before a doctor. Actually, two doctors. They're kind of large men. Do you want me to tell you what what they wrote on their record? &gt;&gt; That's the kind of doctor I want. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'll tell you what they wrote and he tells them what's wrong with them &gt;&gt; and tells them sometime when the doctor couldn't find it. &gt;&gt; The doctor couldn't find it. just listened to one while I was away and he says and I I've heard it several times and he talked to down in Phoenix and he says this woman oh this poor woman said you've had one two three four five operations and they couldn't find it cuz he said it's your nerves. Can you imagine the doctors have a person on the operating table, sheets all there, hand me a scalpel, hand me this, hand me the tweezers, all this stuff trying to find what's wrong with her, what she went through that poor. &gt;&gt; I tell the kind of physician I want is what speaks to a prophet. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Does this congregation believe it? &gt;&gt; We believe it. Lord, help thou our unbelief. &gt;&gt; Help me to believe it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Lord, &gt;&gt; so he said in the Christ the mystery. Now, I'll just take you. I wish I had it on the screen, but you'll just follow me for just a short little while. And God had a purpose. &gt;&gt; Now, watch how this flows. Please watch how it flows very carefully. God had a purpose and a hidden mystery. &gt;&gt; And that's what I want. He's that's what I want to speak on to the church this morning. &gt;&gt; That's what he was speaking on. So, I'm just making some emphasis. He's speaking on the hidden mystery &gt;&gt; of God that he had in his mind before the world ever began. &gt;&gt; So, you folks that read books, &gt;&gt; read this one. say, "I'd love to find out what God had in his mind &gt;&gt; before the world ever came &gt;&gt; before the stars and the galaxies. I'd like to know what was in God's mind." And he goes on, "And how &gt;&gt; it it has unfolded." What what &gt;&gt; how what is it what was ever in God's mind? &gt;&gt; How it has unfolded &gt;&gt; itself. Right down. Scientists didn't unfold it. God unfolded it. &gt;&gt; It unfolded itself right down to this present hour that we're living in. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He says, "And then you will understand. &gt;&gt; You young people, you stay with this. Then you will understand &gt;&gt; clearly. Then you see on I believe what is being done. You will understand what is being done. &gt;&gt; Stay with it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Don't get bogged down now. Don't get clouded. You don't have to get clouded. You don't have to get blurred. &gt;&gt; Then you'll understand. &gt;&gt; He said if you stay with this, you'll understand what is being done. He said, now God's a great mystery. And I started out by saying the great mystery is the mystery of life. &gt;&gt; Not life as we have it. &gt;&gt; God's life. &gt;&gt; Listen friends, I'm 78. I'm not interested in human life. &gt;&gt; I don't care how long you live. &gt;&gt; If you get older, you get my age and older, &gt;&gt; you'll say this isn't quality life. &gt;&gt; So I'll give you medication. You can you might have another three, four, five good years. What do you mean by good years? &gt;&gt; You already know I don't hear all that well. And so I go searching to find out. You're looking at a person that love playing guitar. And and in playing guitar, I would sit for several hours a day and play chord progressions and the harmony between a ninth and a diminished and an augmented and to play these in the minors and the minor 7ths and so on. If it was supposed to have a minor 7th, you don't just play a minor. It doesn't sound right. and you just could play and and and sing and harmonize in quartet and trios. And when I didn't do so much, I just love to hear it. Now I don't love to hear it anymore. Say, "What did you change?" No, I can't hear it. Right. And that sounds garbled. And my home used to always have music. My wife doesn't play anymore music in the house cuz it's a bunch of noise to me. And so I'm trying to find out when will science. Well, why don't you pray for healing? I've done. Why don't you pray for me for healing? Anybody want to stand up and say, I'll give you your tone back. I say, praise the Lord. I'll hug you every day. But you lose little things. You lose little things. You lose. You can't Your hearing's gone, then your music is gone. then you can't remember quite. Oh, did I tell you that story? Yeah, you just told me this morning. No, I'm not there. But I've had people come up to say, "Did they ever did I ever tell you about it?" "Yeah, you told me about 40 times. Do you want me to tell that back to you?" No. But things go one after the other. memory goes and and then your taste goes and you know and so on your appetite may go. I wish it would, but things happen and you find out that, you know, it's it's it's lost. And now this is kind of serious. My father was taken down with a massive stroke, massive cerebral hemorrhage. And I I was I was he was going to help me on the house. Instead, I got called instead of him being at the house to help me. I'm in the Vancouver General Hospital in the emergency behind the curtains and seeing if they've shaved his head and I take him by the hand as real, you know, just his hand was warm and got my dad's hand and and he's totally unconscious breathing. A doctor finally comes in and says, "We have to find out what struck such apparently a strong man, 64 years old, 14 years younger than myself. And he and I looked like brothers." He didn't hardly have a gray hair in his head and I held his hand and I looked up and I said, "God, I don't know where dad is, but I can't speak. He can't speak. He can't see. I don't think he's hearing all of these. He can't feel me. I'm holding his hand. I don't know where he is. Maybe he's on a flight. Maybe he's starting now. You know, you have visited people that have I visited Brother Edwin Dodd. Sister Sally is here. She was there. And to see a man that can't eat, he understands. I don't know if he sees that well anymore. Don't know how he can identify things. He can't speak. All this is gone. That's not the life that God gave him. Right. &gt;&gt; God allowed him to be here on this earth and he had a profound witness. &gt;&gt; And there's one man that was not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; He was not ashamed of this message. And he would speak about it not only at every open door, he would open a door to speak about it. &gt;&gt; That's the kind of man he was. So friends, I speak to you as friends. As I speak to you as children, I speak to you as a brother who loves you. Do not let this life consume you and your time and your energy and all that you are. Do not allow this life to simply be your achievement. &gt;&gt; Do not do it. It's a huge mistake. Cuz one day then you wake up &gt;&gt; young ladies and the beauty is gone and the strength of youth is gone and all that freshness and the sparkle of the eye is gone. &gt;&gt; And then what I want to say to this congregation, we want to cross over and we want to meet that one that brought the original life. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We want to meet this prophet messenger. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Can I go on just a little bit &gt;&gt; now? Just so I want to bring you right back please quickly. He says then you'll understand clearly then you see on I believe what is being done right after that what is being done he says God's great mystery of how it's a secret. &gt;&gt; He kept it a secret. Nobody knew anything about it. Then he drops right down into the Bible language. Even the angels &gt;&gt; didn't understand it. &gt;&gt; See, he didn't reveal it. That's the reason &gt;&gt; under the seventh mystery &gt;&gt; when the seventh seal was opened. &gt;&gt; There was silence. &gt;&gt; That's the reason there was silence is because he didn't reveal it. He didn't make it known. He was keeping the coming a mystery. Right. &gt;&gt; And we do not know precisely when physically the we may see the Lord again. Don't expect to see the Lord Jesus in this dimension. &gt;&gt; He came to get you to take you to his dimension. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He has come. &gt;&gt; That's who called you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Wasn't William Brandon who called you. &gt;&gt; It was the original life &gt;&gt; calling you. &gt;&gt; That's who called you into this message. &gt;&gt; It wasn't a servant's voice. It was the bridegroom's voice that you heard. &gt;&gt; You already have heard it, but you might say, "Well, I didn't realize it." You don't have to realize it. What you needed to do was to respond to it. &gt;&gt; Did you feel something? Did you sense something? Yes, I did. I sense something very sacred. I sense something very holy. I sense something that I couldn't resist. That's because you were made to marry him. &gt;&gt; You were made to be his bride. &gt;&gt; Friends, I'm not trying to preach. I'm trying to tell you the truth. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Well, you say, "But I heard somebody preach." It was Christ in him &gt;&gt; preaching to you. &gt;&gt; It was Christ in his body &gt;&gt; calling to you. &gt;&gt; And then when you realize it's not a preacher, &gt;&gt; it's not an evangelist, &gt;&gt; it's not your neighbor, &gt;&gt; but it's actually Jesus Christ. That's the mystery. &gt;&gt; That's the secret. &gt;&gt; And I can show you all through the scripture where people missed the secret. &gt;&gt; And there were others who didn't know the secret, but they just went on in the direction. They were just godly people of integrity. Believed in God, Jehovah of the Old Testament. We believe in Jesus of the New. And that messenger, a prophet, God sent a prophet to tell you that Jehovah the Old Testament is Jesus of the New. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And this Jesus talking to you. Amen. &gt;&gt; He says Jesus when he was on earth. Now he goes back to when Jesus was on earth. &gt;&gt; He said they wanted to know. They wanted to know when he would come. &gt;&gt; Now imagine he was right there. But they want to know when he would come because he said when the son of man cometh and they're trying to figure it out. When are you going to come? &gt;&gt; He said that's a secret. &gt;&gt; It's a mystery. &gt;&gt; And here they were actually living it out themselves. &gt;&gt; Because they're just like you and me. They were asking the same questions you asked. When's he going to come? &gt;&gt; Hello, folks. &gt;&gt; Wake up. You're part of the coming. You say, "I'm stretching it." Not a bit. I I wish I could emphasize it more. &gt;&gt; So, I'm going to take it just a little bit further. Watch. Watch closely. It will help you the next time you read this. And I hope it'll very soon. Christ the mystery of God revealed. Watch how it goes. That's why you have to go very slowly. He says, "And they want to know when he would come." And he said, "It's not." And then he said, and you read this in the Bible, and as soon as I say it, I want you to raise your hand if you read it. Said, even the son doesn't know. &gt;&gt; Did you read that? &gt;&gt; Even he didn't know. &gt;&gt; Even the son himself doesn't know when it's going to happen. See, God has this all to himself. &gt;&gt; It's a secret. And that's the reason there was silence in heaven for the That's the reason Revelation 8:1. That's the reason there was silence in heaven for half an hour &gt;&gt; and seven thunders. Now he carries on and seven thunders uttered their voices &gt;&gt; and John was even forbidden to write it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; See the coming &gt;&gt; of the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; So something that the thunders and and brother Brandham says what the thunders are. The thunders he said it's God's voice. &gt;&gt; It's no great spooky thing. &gt;&gt; It's God's voice. &gt;&gt; And God thunders out. And he's, brother Brown said another place he said that's what Jeffersonville needs is is thousands more uh voices &gt;&gt; thundering out &gt;&gt; this word. &gt;&gt; And he said and that's one thing he hasn't revealed yet of how he will come &gt;&gt; and when he will come. And he said it's a good thing that he doesn't. No. And then he goes on he says he has showed &gt;&gt; or revealed it. in every type that's in the Bible. &gt;&gt; So, every type he's revealed, every type in the Bible tells what it is, &gt;&gt; tells of the coming and how he comes. And that is the secret coming. And I'm telling you now this morning, I can go right back to Genesis all the way through to the New Testament and show that the men that were used of God in his first coming, actually, they were part of the coming. They were they were part they were typifying what the actual masterpiece was going to be &gt;&gt; and they didn't know they didn't understand why why they were uh their friends became enemies. They didn't realize why they were cast out. They didn't realize why some hated them. David didn't understand why perhaps he didn't understand fully why why Saul hated him. &gt;&gt; Didn't understand it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Jacob works for Laban and he says, "You changed my wages 10 times." &gt;&gt; It's in the Bible. &gt;&gt; You know, God has a strange way of doing things. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you, when you think you're going backward, &gt;&gt; God has strange ways of blessing his people. &gt;&gt; Some people say, "I I can't afford to give." Let me just tell you from experience, you just try giving &gt;&gt; and I guarantee you, you'll never outgive God. &gt;&gt; He'll figure ways for things to happen. I I had a family come in here some years ago and they said, "You know what, Brother Bisc?" He said, "We've got all of our we've got all of our budget down and and there's nothing to give. There's no way we can tithe." And yet we see that it's our duty to tithe and the tithing actually belongs to God. It's already his. Said, "Well, that's right." And they went out of that. I didn't give them a whole lot of counsel. I I like people to come to their own own confession and conviction. They say, "You know what? That's what God said and that's what we're going to do." About 2, three months down the road, they wanted to meet with me. They said, "This doesn't even make sense." He says, "Our expenses are still the same. We started tithing and when we get to the end of the month, we still got some left over." I said, "Well, don't ask me. Don't ask me how to do it. My wife, she's not a shopper. You know, she'll be happy I made this statement to the whole world here. My wife's not a shopper, but she needs something, she'll go in and she likes a certain department store, which I won't give them a plug. But she goes on there and they and she gets a nice lady and the lady says, "Oh, this is already on sale. You know, this is already on sale." Oh, this is already half price. Oh, well that's nice. And not only that, we're giving another 20% off today because this is a certain day. We're giving another 25% or 20% off. Oh, well that's great. And she sees her white hair says, "I see that you're a senior. We give you another 15% because you're a senior." And by the way, do you have one of our cards? Yeah, I have another Yeah, I have one of your cards. It's in my purse. Oh, don't worry about it. We'll give you another 20% off. And by the time she got off there, they almost owed her money for shopping. Says, "I got this thing. I only paid about $15 for it instead of maybe a hundred." &gt;&gt; Who did it? &gt;&gt; You know what I say? I don't say, "Well, blessed be you, Sister Ruth Biscll." No, I say, "Praise the Lord." &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. He knows how to do it. &gt;&gt; I'm not just telling you a story. I'm telling you that's right. That's right. And so he said, and I'm closing right away. He said they showed it and revealed it in every type that's in the Bible. Therefore, the entire Bible is the revelation of God's mystery in Christ. And he goes, "Hm." The entire Bible is an expression of one goal. One goal, not two, three, not to make a bunch of sermon. It's the expression of one goal &gt;&gt; that God had, one purpose that he wanted to achieve in the entire Bible. And all the acts of believers in the Bible has been in type and expressing what God's great goal is. And now &gt;&gt; in the last day, &gt;&gt; he has revealed it and shows it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And God's help, well, he said, you'll see it right here this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; What the Lord has had in his mind all along and has expressed it. &gt;&gt; Therefore, you can see the great meaning &gt;&gt; of what it's been to know this. Now, he's talking about himself. You can see the great meaning of what it's been to know this &gt;&gt; and then to know what &gt;&gt; and then to try to bring it to the people and to try to bring it to the people &gt;&gt; and then he said you don't he said I haven't gone into the depths to try to explain it the way God has revealed it to me &gt;&gt; and then he goes right into this Luke 24 &gt;&gt; chapter 2 apostles apostles are on the road to Damascus. What's he talking about? The great secret of Christ coming. &gt;&gt; And now he was there with the secret made known which the prophet said this great secret was life after death. &gt;&gt; He said the seal was tore off. The Easter seal was tore off. And now for the first time and he's not preaching to thousands. He preached to thousands who didn't believe it. He's preaching to two disciples to tell them and knowing that it will spread to the others and he showed himself to the angel showed themselves to the ladies. But now here's Christ and the Bible says and I preached on it and please understand it. Christ himself [Applause] &gt;&gt; stepped onto the pathway &gt;&gt; and walked with them &gt;&gt; and oh they had a mighty revelation and they were just jumping and skipping. No, they were sad. &gt;&gt; They were sad about life. &gt;&gt; They were sad about the demise of their church. &gt;&gt; Their secretary, their treasure just hung himself &gt;&gt; and committed suicide and their leader just died on the cross. And somebody said they stole his body and all of these things. And ladies from the church, we don't know. We can't have a hard time believing them. They went there and they saw some men in white garments and this whole thing has gone so spooky &gt;&gt; and we don't know where he is. &gt;&gt; And now that he he he he he was in the tomb and now he's not in the tomb and we're hearing stories and we don't know and they're reasoning amongst themselves and Christ himself &gt;&gt; to say something that I'm going to ask you. What do you say? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; What do you see where we're at &gt;&gt; after a prophet has said it so clearly? &gt;&gt; And you'll see, you should be able to read that message and see what the purpose was of his entire ministry. &gt;&gt; One of the greatest messages you can read. Christ is the mystery of God revealed. And the mystery of God is I put in the in the in the beginning I put my life on that earth &gt;&gt; in a man &gt;&gt; and his wife and he fell &gt;&gt; and life was gone. &gt;&gt; But I have already determined I'll redeem it &gt;&gt; and I'm going to bring it back &gt;&gt; to its original position. &gt;&gt; That's the whole story of the Bible. And to prove it, I brought myself the new creation, the beginning of another creation. And he walked on the earth. And here the two. And brother Brandham is in that same he's on the same subject, the coming of the Lord. And now the Lord had come as a masterpiece. And he healed the sick, done all these ma man uh marvelous things. And then he's he's killed. And he goes to the grave. And now it's after the grave because when he was here on earth that wasn't fully the restored life &gt;&gt; because that life had died and Jesus died. &gt;&gt; He actually gasped his last breath and died. So the life before Jesus died wasn't fully expressed the life of God. The life of God was when he took control of death. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. and came out of the tomb with the keys of death, hell, and the grave and defeated Satan. Not for him, for you. [Music] For you and I. Hallelujah. And back said, "It's over, children. Because I live, &gt;&gt; you shall live also." &gt;&gt; That's the kind of life. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Life is stronger than death. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; Glory. [Applause] &gt;&gt; So he wanted his two saddened disciples. He said, "Are you a stranger?" I've said it before. I say it again. Two believers, &gt;&gt; could have been out of this church, &gt;&gt; are looking at the word in flesh &gt;&gt; in another dimension. &gt;&gt; They're looking at a body that will never die again. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And they're asking the fulfilled word. Are you a stranger? &gt;&gt; He was a stranger to them. &gt;&gt; Are you a stranger? And the stranger had to start explaining. &gt;&gt; And where did he go? To the scripture. &gt;&gt; It's already written. &gt;&gt; It's already been preached on. You heard it in the synagogue. You heard it from your parents. It's the same word. &gt;&gt; It's nothing new. It's the same word. [Music] And all they had to do was believe it. And the big great mystery was right while they were walking was part of the scripture they were actually walking in a mystery themselves. &gt;&gt; And I don't know when they discovered when Cifa said to his friend, "You know what? That was us. That was us. We actually walked there and we were talking to the son of God raised out of the tomb. And it said so in the Bible, but we didn't even understand it. It was a secret mystery. [Applause] &gt;&gt; So where do we go from here, brother Bisco? Well, perhaps I'll come back to some of it later on, but I just say you just keep living &gt;&gt; godly. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And you put God first. &gt;&gt; This is what Brother Brennan said. Just be real Christians. &gt;&gt; Just be real Christians. &gt;&gt; Just keep living it, &gt;&gt; you're going to get there. &gt;&gt; You're going to get there, kids. &gt;&gt; You're going to get there. Amen. &gt;&gt; You see, you're looking at brother Ed, his white hair, and I'm looking at you, nice young, strong. You can just twist and turn and jump. And I say, I look at you kids, I think, I wish I could do that. And they get on those skateboards and their balance is just so wonderful. I thought, man, I wished I had balance like that. But that balance kind of took wings and flew away. But brother Ed has some things I wish you had. &gt;&gt; I've lived a long time, lived a lot of experience, and maybe you're not thinking what I'm thinking right now. You could be 18 or 20 years old in just a second &gt;&gt; and I'd be the same age and we say, "Father Ed, you haven't got any more no white." No, there's no white hair over here. &gt;&gt; And you're not just a little boy anymore. You're up here. But there's something else. Brother Beam said they came by millions &gt;&gt; and they hugged him. &gt;&gt; Why did they hug him? Cuz they knew &gt;&gt; that he had brought a message to them. [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; There was all kinds of people around when the maniac and the gatherings. The maniac was screaming and fierce and people were afraid to touch him and and he was living in the tombs and and and Jesus was there. You know who knew Jesus? The devils that were in that man &gt;&gt; and they knew what the program was. They said, "Have you come to torment us before our time?" &gt;&gt; And he cast them out. &gt;&gt; Isn't he wonderful? Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, the interpretation &gt;&gt; of his word, his life &gt;&gt; in your life. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Let's stand because there's no place to stop. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Tonight, Brother Tim Dodd is going to come. We're giving Brother Tom a holiday of rest. so he can get loaded for bear or loaded for whatever. He's been working hard and and they've done film on on the translation of the Bible. You know what, folks? I'm so happy &gt;&gt; that God has allowed me to live to see &gt;&gt; these things happening. &gt;&gt; So happy of the prospects that maybe we can be instrumental. Amen. &gt;&gt; And getting people &gt;&gt; just imagine some black people sit way off in some jungle place where you can't even reach them and they somehow got a phone in their hand and now now they don't have to listen to the Catholic church but they can hear the prophets &gt;&gt; message in Swahili &gt;&gt; and and we we've made steps in that direction. We haven't sent anything to you, but we made steps already in that direction. And part of the program of these brothers going over, brother Dodd and Brother Dingwall. Part of it is they're going to research and look out what is the best way to minister to those people. Now you know what to pray about. &gt;&gt; God, just open up the channel. Remember, there's going to be hordes of devils. They're stopping. The devils don't want these people to hear it. But God God's Holy Spirit is going to open a door. I believe that he's going to open a door. He's going to blast a door open. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's so real. Thank God. Thank God I'm free. Free. Free from this world of sin. &gt;&gt; And I hope you'll rejoice in it. Are you happy? &gt;&gt; God bless you. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Hallelujah. Lost in the blood of Jesus. Been born again. Oh hallelujah. I'm save my father. I'm sad. I found out he could bring me up away [Music] for a long time. I fell down. My heart was so heavy in sin. I sang that heard about Jesus. [Music] What a wonderful hour. I'm so glad that I found out me. Oh, thank God I am free from this world of sin. I'm washing the blood of Jesus been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved save by wonderful grace. And I'm so glad that I found a reason to bring me away. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I just want to sing some praise to him as we going to close in just a moment. But I just feel like worshiping him. What is that chorus we sing? I hear brother brother Mike, you sing it. Uh about u you didn't have to show me. Yeah. Right. We love that message. You open my eyes. You could have easily passed me by. For the age I was living in was wretched and poor and wise. May I hurt recognizing your name. serpent seed and perfect fra. [Music] Lord, I thank you. &gt;&gt; Yes, we do. &gt;&gt; And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? And thanks for that special night. When I saw your glorious life, came face to face with eternal life. Oh, I thank you. Came face to face with eternal life &gt;&gt; came face to face with the original life. &gt;&gt; The prophet in his preaching speaks of different ones in the scripture talks about the rich ruler and he said he turned down eternal life. What grace is this &gt;&gt; that God brought you to eternal life? I not even in my wildest dream did I dream and see Jesus as the coming of the Lord the rapture mystery hope it's real to you but now I see yes simplicity hallelujah word is the original. Lord, I thank you. [Music] I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done? Such glory revealed in me. Thanks for thousand. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Lord, perhaps it wasn't a special night, but it might be a special morning. Perhaps I pray, oh God, that perhaps even this morning. There's been something said that the Holy Spirit has been able to take to the heart and punctuate it and telling the people, telling perhaps some individual, look on this. Look on this. You don't have to have some great revelation, but look on this. And by looking on this, and we keep looking on it, it keeps unfolding and unfolding and unfolding down to this very hour that we're in. Oh God, thank you for this blessed message. Thank you for the faithful messenger. Oh God, we thank you father that you so vindicated, proved it. You stood behind it. You gave the evidence of it, Lord. And now here we are as the evidence of the truth of your word. You've given power, oh God, to these young people. How thankful we are for these young women. Even the children, oh God, you've given power to them. they sit and listen with reverence to the word as it's preached. I pray it'll just be such a reality to them. Give each one of each one that is here today. Just give them a blessed joy in their heart. Give them joy unspeakable and full of glory. I pray, oh God, they will laugh in the devil's face that there's nothing that can conquer them. Even death itself has become helpless before your children. ask you Lord Jesus that you'll bless us as we prepare and have have a little time of refreshment and come this evening to hear what you have laid on our brother Tim Dodd's heart. Father I pray you'll give rest and refreshment to brother Tom and strengthen him. Watch over brother Murphy, oh God, and brother Michael as they're finishing this work there. And may they come home uh soon. And I pray Lord you will bless brother John as he prepares for soon uh these meetings in in uh Poland. And Lord we just ask that you'll send a word with a mighty voice. Bless our brother Kyle today. Oh God, brother Peter Ivan an ankle. Father bless the work in Seattle Tacoma. Bless the work in Victoria. I pray in the name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; In the name of Jesus. And Lord, this week we will send this uh group of people like a mighty army &gt;&gt; to Uganda and you'll prepare the way ahead of them, Father. Oh God, you'll make it such a blessing. And to us in Switzerland, I'm so anticipating and the saints there. I pray, Father, that it'll be a mighty move of your spirit upon each one as the choir sang today. Bless them, I pray. Bless our school, oh God. Bless the teaching staff and the principal. Father, each one of them, oh God. Bless, I pray, our Sunday school teachers and our brother Richard Drake, Father, the deacons, oh God, and the trustees, Lord.
