################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2017-08-02 - 17-0802E God Wants a Relationship With You Br Ron Spencer, Cloverdale Bibleway Camp (BC, Canada) - Ron Spencer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2017-08-02
Title:    17-0802E God Wants a Relationship With You: Br Ron Spencer, Cloverdale Bibleway Camp (BC, Canada)
Speaker:  Ron Spencer
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 38m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LV1NE8oKnjA
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
pounding on the door. That's why we have these camps so you guys can get on board. All right, let's stand back up. We're going to sing a song to sing, "Blessed be the name of the Lord." The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into and they are safe. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into and they are saved. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. We're going to sing it one more time, Brother Jonah. Right, Noah. I'm going to have you come up and pray. Let's sing it one more time. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into and they are safe. The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into and they are safe. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord, most high. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Let's give the Lord a hand clap. Amen. We also we also want to remember our brother Ron. He's speaking Thursday, Friday, and Saturday and Sunday. And that the smoke will dissipate cuz that's hard on the throat. &gt;&gt; Okay, &gt;&gt; let's pray. Thank you, Lord, for this beautiful camp you've given us, Lord. And thank you for everything you've done for us, Lord. And thank you for changing so many people's hearts, Lord, at camp, Lord. And may you may we drive safe home safely, Lord, tomorrow, Lord. And thank you for everything you've done for us, Lord. And may you keep us, Lord. and may not backslide when you go back home. Lord, in Jesus name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; All right, you guys can have your seats. Uh, Sister Nicole and Sister Jessica's cabin. You guys have a special. So, as they come up, let's sing Our God is Tremendous. Who likes that song? Amen. I love that song, too. Who knows all the verses? We have them up, but who knows them really well? or sing it nice and loud. And if you want to stand, you can stand. I can't sing the song stand sitting. So if you want to stand, you can stand. Thank you, brother Philip. All right, let's sing this. Oh, when I'm in need, I call on the Lord and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. won't forget his own. My companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, wonderful savior. Jesus, the lion of Judah. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty and he sends his angels to guide me. No powerful our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed to you and me. Your greatest love story. All right. After the special, you guys want to sing the second verse? Yes. It's all right. Frozen song echoes in my soul. I hear the music ring. And though the storms make, I am holding on to the rock I claim. How can I keep from singing your praise? How can I ever say enough? How amazing is your love? How can I keep on shouting your name? I am loved by the king and it makes my heart want to sing. I will lift my eyes in the darkest night. For I know my Savior lives. And I will walk with you, knowing you'll see me through and sing the songs you give. How can I keep on singing your grace? How can I ever say enough? How amazing is your love? How can I keep from shouting your name? I know I am loved by the king and it makes my heart want to sing. I can sing in the troubled times. Sing when I win. I can sing when I lose my step and fall down again. I can sing cuz you pick me up. Sing cuz you're there. I can sing cuz you hear me, Lord. When I call to you and pray, I can sing with my last friend. Sing for I know that I'll sing with the angels and saints around the throne. How can I keep from singing your praise? How can I ever say enough? How amazing is your love? How can I keep from shouting your name? I know I am loved by the king and it makes my heart. I am loved by the king and it makes my heart. I am loved by the king and it makes my heart want to sing. Amen. Thank you girls. Sound beautiful. All right. So, we're going to finish singing Our God is tremendous. The second verse. Okay. Well, when you're in trouble, Jehovah, the great enforcer, God Almighty will fight your battles. Oh yes, he will stand for you. He don't come not the way you think he should, but my creatur just loves a paradox. Just stay in your position or watch a miraculous come into action. Oh, our God is tremendous. the strength of failing. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty and he sends his angels to guide me. There's no soul too powerful. Our God cannot handle our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. Let's sing the chorus one more time. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He goes through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty and he sends his angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Let's sing faithful one as brother Kyle comes. Can we all stand? Oh faithful one so unchanging aes. You're my rock of peace. Lord of all I depend on you. I call out to you again and again. I call out to you again and again. You are my rock. Oh, you are my rock. If you just want to lift your hand, praise him tonight of trouble. Will you lift me up when I fall down? All through the storm, your love is the anchor. My hope is in you, faithful one. Oh faithful one, so unchangeing, ageless one. You're my rock of peace. You are Lord of all. I depend on you. I call out to you again and again. I call out to you. again and again. Oh, my rock in time of trouble. You lift me up. When I walk there all through the storm, your love is the anger. My hope is in you alone. You are my rock. One more time. You are my rock. In times of trouble. You lift me up when I fall down all through the storm. Your love is the anchor. My hope is in you alone. Amen. And praise the Lord. Everybody's doing good. I know it's hot and some are tired, but still good to be here tonight to have one more service uh together. I'm happy to be here with you. And tonight's not a skit. Uh I was ministering or a preacher in the skit last night, but tonight is not a skit. It's a regular preaching service and uh we're just humbled to be asked to speak to you again. You know, I've been very nervous uh about the service and so forth. you know, I just imagine I just think of all the effort that goes into camp and the kitchen and the skits, the audio video and the counselors and so forth. And uh my part um is much smaller, but somehow it's uh it's very important. So, it's a lot of pressure, but the Lord is good. So, I'm happy for the opportunity uh to be able to speak to you. You know, I came across this quote last week and uh it means something to me. It's just from an old saint in the 1800s. I think it says if God sends us to do anything for him, we have power whether we know it or not. &gt;&gt; I like that. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If God sends us to do anything for him, we have power whether we know it or not. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; So, we're here tonight just believing the Lord will give us power and uh bless our hearts one more time. &gt;&gt; Amen. And um you know, I was thinking of doing a a oneman skit tonight. I was thinking of doing a skit on Jonah and the gourd being up here with a gourd and so forth. And I just love that story. You know, God prepared the gourd and God prepared the worm. And just to show how God looks after everything. Amen. But uh we didn't decide to go down that route. Decided to go down a different route. So maybe you can just turn your Bibles with me to again the book of Ephesians chapter 6. Same spot brother Ricard was in this morning. Just a few verses above. And we're looking forward to after service, too. I think we're going to have some snacks. So, that'll be nice to build a fellowship, have some snacks together afterwards. And I'm going to be focusing mainly on the campers, but um we're going to do some ricochet preaching, too. Uh when Brother Brennan preached, come follow me, that was for grads, but obviously the message was for more than just grads. So, I'm going to focus on them, but we're going to ricochet towards everybody. Okay? So, uh don't just leave me hanging just up here. It's for everybody. Amen. The word is for everybody. So, Ephesians chapter 6, we'll read verse one, 2, 3. The first verse is every child's favorite verse in the Bible. Children, obey your parents in the Lord, for this is right. Glory. Honor thy father and mother, which is the first commandment, with promise, that it may be well with thee, and thou mayest live long on the earth. I want to read verse two and three again. We'll skip your favorite verse. Honor thy father and mother, which is the first commandment with promise, that it may be well with thee, and thou mayest live long on the earth. Let's just have a word of prayer. Precious Lord Jesus, we're just so grateful for you in our lives. So happy to be here with these young people just watching them walk around and they're so beautiful just in the young stage of their life, Lord. But just the potential of how much you could use them, Lord, if they would just give their heart to you, Lord. I know everything's in your time and in your will, Lord Jesus, but if you can just coup and brood over some of these lives once more tonight, and there's many here that have given their heart to you. So I just pray you'd give them insight, Lord Jesus. Once we've been transformed, Lord, we grow and we grow and we grow. So we Lord, we're just committing again this evening into your hands. And we know it's hot, Lord, and we're tired and so forth. And maybe some might not be able to last a few minutes, but Lord, if it's for one soul, we're just going to preach until it's time to close. I don't have a clock or a watch on me, but I want to be short, Lord. But the main thing is we just want to touch someone's heart. So may strengthen everyone. Bless the counselors, the workers, the kitchen staff, Lord Jesus, in a way that only you can, Lord. You can say kind words, but oh Jesus, when you come and make all the difference, Lord, you're a debtor to no man. Lord, you're beyond fair. You're so wonderful and precious. So we love you. Commit this evening to you, Lord. And prepare our hearts to even transition for senior camp coming up and different things, but here we are tonight. Open up the word to our hearts in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. You may have your seats. So, as you can see on the little PowerPoint there, I don't have many slides, but uh I do have a few. But that's my title tonight. God wants a relationship with you. Yes, you. Amen. So, you can all read that and it's talking about you. I'm not preaching at, you know, I'm not focusing on Sister Joy necessarily, but God wants relationship with Sister Joy, but God wants relationship with Sister Kieran. Amen. God wants relationship with all of us. Praise the Lord. So, I might be speaking a little bit about a little bit something over here and I might speak about a little bit of a different topic over here. But the main thing I want to try and get across tonight is God wants a relationship with you. &gt;&gt; Yes, you. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so, if we even can just allow that to start working on our hearts even now, Brother Ben. Amen. God wants a relationship with us. And so, uh, we'll go down many different directions probably, but God wants a relationship with us. That's the main thing of Christianity. Amen. &gt;&gt; God wants a relationship with us. It's a It's a father and his children relationship. God with his sons, God with his daughters. He wants a relationship. You know, I've been a I only have I'm not a counselor at camp, but I I have a I have a one uh camper with me, and that's my son. Amen. I've been I've been in a cabin with my son, and I've just been kind of doing over him like I haven't before, you know, up the hill, making sure he doesn't get hurt and so forth. And I've just I just loved having this father-son little time together. I love my son. And it just makes me think about God, how much more you love me. Every little detail, every little look and everything they do to a father, their son, it's just so special. And God loves us so much. And so we want to enter into that relationship with them. We can enjoy the sport court. We appreciate the new sport court, right? The basketballs and so forth. And do you notice the hoops are named Goliath? That's pretty neat. They're about They're about his height also. We We enjoy that. But we want a relationship with God. &gt;&gt; Amen. We enjoy creek time. who enjoyed jumping off the rock into the water. Hallelujah. That was wonderful. I'm just amazed nobody fell off that rock and got hurt. Eight or nine young boys up on there. It's slippery. It's wet. It's dangerous. But nobody got hurt. Praise the Lord. Minor scratches. There was minor scratches, I'm sure. But it's good to be in the creek, but Lord, he wants a relationship with us. Amen. And you're not too young to have a relationship with him. Anybody else here? Did they ever give their heart to the Lord before they were 10 years old? Anybody want to stand up? Just wave your hands. Before 10 years old. Counselors, anybody look at this. Turn around. Look at this. These are people who God got a hold of their lives before they were 10 years old. Thank you very much. &gt;&gt; Amen. So God can do it. They're not too young to have a relationship with him. &gt;&gt; I know sometimes we think, you know, when I'm brother Kyle's age or something like that, then I'm going to serve the Lord. But God wants a relationship with you now. &gt;&gt; Amen. Tonight, uh there's a quote brother Ed often refers to of Brother Brham in Christ the mystery of God revealed. Speaking of the the three-fold mystery of God. Amen. I know everyone under 10 years old loves to hear about the three-fold mystery of God. But he says in one spot, but what he wanted to do, he loved fatherhood for he was a father. Amen. He lo God loves fatherhood. And brother Ed often refers to that quote. He loves fatherhood. Amen. He loves being a father. But then I turned it back. I was I was in the woods up there in the woods by myself just praying and so forth. And I was thinking, "But do we love sunship?" Amen. God loves fatherhood, Brother Victor. But do we love sunship? Amen. Do we love Do we love daughterhood? Do we love being his child? Amen. He loves fatherhood. Like I I'm just so enjoying being with my son. I love fatherhood. But it's kind of impossible for him to really understand how much my heart is beating for him. But in the Christian walk, I believe God gives a bit more grace where we can somehow understand the love of God for us. Amen. May the God increase our desire to love sonhood, to love to be a son of God. Amen. There's many different things we can love to do in this world. We can love ice cream and maybe we'll have some later and we get really excited about ice cream. Who wouldn't in this weather? Amen. But do we love being sons and of God? Do we love being daughters of God? And you know, God wants to bring us to that place. And I just began to think a little bit. And I know some of you uh maybe you've given your heart to the Lord already, but let's just dramatize for a little bit about how God started his family in the New Testament church. Okay? Remember Jesus died on the cross and then the Jewish people thought that he was gone. He was forgotten. They could go on with life as normal, right? They they had crucified Jesus. They were hoping that all his followers would just fade away. and they were gathering around Jerusalem for the uh uh the feast of Pentecost. But there was a group of people that were in the upper room praying and fasting and waiting upon the Lord. And all a sudden the Holy Ghost came down upon them. Amen. God was quickening them, giving them the gift of the Holy Ghost and they burst out of there and they were speaking in tongues as it were. And all the people were amazed. How are we able all of us to hear in our own language? Aren't these all Galileans? So God was birthing his church. Amen. And then Peter stood up and he began to preach the word of God and it pricricked the hearts of the people. I just began to ponder a little bit. The first message that came forth from a son of God that was born again pricricked hearts. And God often has to prick our heart to draw us unto himself. Amen. It's good to be baptized in water. It's good to repent and so forth. But a lot a lot of times we won't be as successful down the road if God didn't really prick our hearts. Amen. If God didn't a sharp that's sorrow say Lord I want to serve you Lord I don't want to just be baptized to check right so then everybody in church they know that hey he's been baptized oh yeah that's good and so forth no we don't want to get baptized just for a check but there there's something that actually drives you towards the water if God is dealing with you at camp and you're thinking about baptism it should be something inside of you driving you amen something on your heart something in your mind I need to get right with God amen he's he's he's wooing ing you towards have a relationship with him. And it often starts with a prick, something that's a bit painful, something that's a bit agitating upon your heart. And it's not bad. Amen. You you might be lying in bed and waking just thinking about God and him getting you're think maybe you're you keep seeing the scene of Noah, those who are banging on the walls and those who are in the ark in peace and in safety. And maybe you're seeing that over and over again in your mind and you're a little bit tormented. That's not bad. God's drawing you unto himself. Amen. I remember when God began to get a hold of me. I was 19, 20, 21. And uh some of it was actually terrifying. When I realized God was real, when I realized the Bible was real and I realized I was a sinner, it was scary. But he opened up his gra. He used that to drive me to himself to bring me into a relationship with him. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, the the mysterious prick of God because he wants us to come into relationship. He wants to save us. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. He wants to save us. And some of you have experienced that the saving power of God. There's nothing like God's saving power. It's the greatest gift he can give you is the gift of salvation. And I just want to mention this here before we go on a little bit about how God, what is he saving us from? Right? To be saved. Saved from what? You need to be saved. You need to be saved. And you need to be saved. It's like, okay, yeah, I need to be saved. But saved from what? Amen. Cuz if we know what we're being saved from, then we can have a whole lot more restful life, a peaceful life, joyful life with God. If we can really fully know how deep his saving power goes. Amen. As I was speaking to our brother last night, he was he was just saying, you know, I want God to forgive me for the bad things that I I have done. And I said to him, you know, don't look at your works. Look at what he did for you. Amen. God wants to save you from guilt and condemnation. &gt;&gt; Amen. He wants to save you from maybe some of you are thinking to yourself, "No, Lord, I've done this and I've lied and I've stolen and I've I've done bad things and so forth." God wants to save you from that guilt. God wants to save you from that condemnation. Amen. He purchased that at Calvary. He purchased you to be saved from guilt, to be saved from condemnation. Amen. He purchased that at Calvary. Amen. So, you're saved from guilt, saved from condemnation. He's also saving you from the habits of sin. To keep falling into, as brother Noah was praying, don't let us backslide after camp. &gt;&gt; Amen. God wants to save us from the habits of sin. To keep doing the wrong things over and over and over again, to keep lying, and to keep being disobedient to our parents. God wants to save us from that. Amen. And so we need to say, "Lord, you purchased me to be free from these habits. I can't do it by myself. We can't do it by ourselves, but he purchased it." Amen. And so by his spirit, he can help us. So we need to realize more when we're praying and when we're thinking about God and so forth, he purchased these things for us. Say, "Lord, you purchased for me to be free of guilt and con condemnation at Calvary." All right? or you're gonna keep trying to do it in your own mind to try you try and free yourself from guilt and try and free yourself. Oh Lord, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Right? We want to live beyond I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Right? Lord, you purchased at Calvary for me to be free from this. Amen. We don't want to try and live the Christian life by ourselves. Amen. God spoke to me at camp and then we go off and try and live it by ourselves. Amen. And of course, God wants to save us from hell. he purchased out of Calvary. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; I want to go to heaven. &gt;&gt; Amen. But I'm not getting there by my own works. &gt;&gt; I'm not going to get there because I'm a good boy. I'm not going to get there because I stand behind a pulpit. I'm going to get there because he purchased it for me at Calvary. &gt;&gt; Amen. And gave me the gift of the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Which draws me into a relationship with him. And I love to be a son of God. So, I just wanted to touch on that cuz God wants to save you. But from what? If you know what he saved you from, you can claim that in prayer. Amen. You can claim that in your own life when you're all by yourself. Amen. God, you're you promised to save me from this. Amen. Cuz God's desire is to have relationship with us. Amen. And he purchased that, brother Dave, at Calvary. Hallelujah. Then gave us the gift of the Holy Spirit. God's ultimate desire is to have a relationship with us, men and women. Some of you are sitting here right here this evening that the ones like Tommy and different ones. God wants to have a relationship with you. Is that tremendous? And all of you he has a plan for. And every age group, God is releasing you upon the earth to win certain victories. &gt;&gt; That's a deep thought. I was just sitting in the back and uh my wife knows I I think about the 1983 babies. Hallelujah. There's a few here tonight. myself, Brother Ryan Hayes, Sister Abigail Ray, Sister Gina Ivaneno is an 83 baby. Anybody else? Praise the Lord. Sister Diana. Amen. So in 1983, God's like, I need to release these sons and daughters of God because I need to win a certain kind of victory in 2017. So I need to release these lives. Amen. And so God needed in what year were you born? &gt;&gt; 2005. &gt;&gt; 2005. Whoa. So in 2005, God had something in his mind. Amen. 2005. Praise the Lord. So God has something in his mind when he's releasing your age group upon the earth to win victories. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So it's tremendous when you're in a camp together, you look around. It's like, "Hey, these are my brothers. These are my sisters." God, that was a tremendous song you sisters sang tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. I was just sitting in the back there and thinking, Lord, this is so good. I'm so blessed by this. God's winning victories through your age group. Amen. Because God's ultimate desire is not just to have fellowship with himself. Cuz God dwelt alone at one time. And I have no idea what that was like when God dwelt alone. Amen. That's a wonderful mystery. We'll figure out maybe a little bit. By and by when God dwelt alone. Amen. Then he created angels, but his ultimate purpose was not to have fellowship just with angels. &gt;&gt; And then he made the heavens and the earth. And it was beautiful. All the birds were flying around. All the trees. I mean, who loves trees? Oh, praise the Lord. Who loves huckleberries? Who's been eating huckleberries this week? Oh, praise the Lord. Those are so good. Amen. But God's ultimate desire is not just to have fellowship with nature. Amen. That does not satisfy the heart of God. He wants fellowship with sons and daughters of God. And I'm going to change gear for a minute here after I have some water. You wouldn't like this. It's not very good. But I just began to think and uh sometimes I don't know why I think certain ways, but I began to think maybe to my next slide, brother Darren. I began to think about uh what God wants to have a relationship with. And I began to think of, you know, brother Tom, did you have one of these when you were young? There was a man in the 70s where he decided that he he had a good idea. He was going to come up with this little pet that people could have and it was a rock and it came in a little box with straw in there and the rock was sitting in this little box and the box had little air holes cut cut in it so the rock could breathe. And this this guy sold millions of these and they were called my pet rock. It was probably in the 1970s but Ron probably had one. I don't know. Amen. But you know he thought people are having such bad experience with pets. I'm gonna sell this pet rock. And it came with like a 40page booklet on how to care for your rock. Brilliant. Amen. I got one here actually. It's not an an original, but there's my rock. Praise the Lord. But people are having bad relationships with pets. Who's ever had a bad relationship with a pet? Amen. I remember when I was in college, I bought a hamster. Who likes hamsters? But I was in college and I, you know, I was a really weird college guy and I wasn't taking great care of my hamster and I would just like keep it in the closet and close the door and the one day I went to go feed it and stuff and it bit my finger and I thought that's me and the hamster are going to part ways and so I sold them at a garage sale for $5. I thought it'd be such a good idea to have a hamster. Amen. But I didn't have a good relationship with a hamster. And I I had a dog one day uh named Petey and Petey was not a good dog. He'd be I think he you know he had real mental problems and he'd be fine a good pet and then all a sudden he would switch and all a sudden you you were on a one-on-one battle with your dog. So he didn't have a good relationship with my dog Pey. Amen. So this guy began to think you know people have had bad relationships with uh animals. So I'm going to make a pet rock. So next slide if you don't mind. I like this. If when you remove the rock from its box, it appears to be excited, place it on some old newspapers, the rock will know what the paper is for, and it will require no further instruction. It will remain on the paper until you remove it. A place of its own. Amen. These things were sold thousands, millions of these things. Amen. Pet rock. Next slide, if you don't mind. Your rock is an individual. These are just a few things uh in the in the manual that are really inspiring. Uh next one if you don't mind because you got to got to train your rock to listen and to obey. Right? So this is how uh to learn about simple obedience. It is essential that your pet rock learn this command. A rock that doesn't come when it's called will cause its owner endless embarrassment. You must command your rock gently but firmly. And so this booklet has a few other instructions of how to grow with your rock. Next slide if you don't mind. In closing, as the owner of a pet rock, you have assumed a responsibility to love and care for this new addition to your family. If your rock should misbehave, be patient. If it should cause you problems, be forgiving. Under no circumstances should you turn your pet rock loose. The world is already overcrowded with discarded and unwanted rocks, and millions must be destroyed each year. These poor, unfortunate rocks meet brutal ends in roadeds, cement mixers, or as landfill. Don't allow your pet rock to meet an untimely demise at the bottom of an obscure pile of rubble. Remember, if you take care of your pet rock, your pet rock will take care of you, right? But these things sold thousands. These things sold millions for about a month or so, right? Then people realized it's a rock. You can't have a relationship with it. The book is hilarious. I mean, I wish I could print off a copy for all of you and we could just sit here and read them together and have a nap, but you can't have a relationship with it. There's nothing. There's absolutely zero two-ways about this. Is that right, brother David? I can look at it. I can talk to it, but there's no response back from it. So, this guy sold thousands. He sold millions of these things, but then it just completely disappeared because people were so discouraged because it does nothing. It's a rock. Who likes rocks? A few of you. Praise the Lord. But you can't have a relationship with it, right? I can't talk to it. It can't feel my feelings. We can't hug and embrace the way you can with a human and so forth. And so God right now at this camp, he's not looking for a relationship with rocks. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're here at camp and so forth. God's not brooding over the camp looking for a rock. Amen. He's not brooding over the camp looking for anything but you. &gt;&gt; Amen. He's looking for human hearts. That's what he's looking for. He's not looking just for rocks. He wants someone he can have a two-way relationship with. Amen. &gt;&gt; This rock is completely It's not even a one-way relationship. There's zero here. God wants a two-way relationship. You remember the victor? The victor likes rocks a lot. So this this camp, let's just remember God wants a relationship with you, Sister Lily. Amen. God wants relationship with you, Sister Tamara. Amen. God wants a relationship with us so bad. Amen. I don't know if there's anything in your heart that wants a relationship with him also. I hope there's a little something beating at least a little a little pulsation, a little a little tinkle at least. Then you can work with that. Amen. I hope we don't get so busy with life and just having so much fun. Remember the boy at the soda shop thing last night? They got so into dancing, so into music, so into sports, so into all these kind of things, they neglected that little voice on the inside of their heart. Amen. God gave that to you to help draw you towards him, brother Camden. Amen. God wants a relationship with us. Remember the disciples came to Jesus and said, "Jesus, master, teach us to pray." And it starts off, "Our father who are in heaven." Amen. Our father. Let's say that together. Our father &gt;&gt; who are in heaven. &gt;&gt; Amen. Your father, brother Zephaniah. Your father. Brother Peter is your earthly dad. The Lord Jesus is your heavenly father. Amen. And the more we can, sometimes you just need to talk that more. Let it come out of your mouth more and it'll become more and more real. Amen. The power, we're waiting for the power of the spoken word, right? To speak things into existence. Speak your Christian life into existence. Amen. Speak your Christian character into existence. Hallelujah. That's deeper than it sounds. So, we have parents by a natural birth, but he's our heavenly father by a spiritual birth. And again, we can receive that spiritual birth because of Calvary. Amen. because he purchased that for us by his blood. I love that because as I spoke a couple weeks ago in Victoria, I know some of you were there. If he had not died at Calvary, what kind of grace and mercy could we receive? We'd have to be connected with Israel. We're Gentiles. We're non-Jews. So, if he not died, not died at Calvary and the promise of God was released upon the whole earth, what grace would we receive? We'd have to be connected with Israel or possibly possibly possibly receive some kind of heathen ignorance grace. Amen. But because of him dying on Calvary, we can begin to enter into a relationship with him. Oh, I love that. Had that blood, that rib not come out of Adam's side, there would have been no Eve. There would have been no woman to come towards him. Had not Jesus Christ shed his blood, there'd be no church. Zero. Amen. So Lord, let us not forget what you did for us at Calvary. And so I'm just going to turn it a different direction for a few minutes and we're not going to be much longer cuz I know it's hot. Does everybody doing okay? &gt;&gt; Amen. We're doing pretty good. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Who loves Greek? Hallelujah. We all love the Greek language, don't we? But uh I'm just going to read that one scripture to you again. You don't have to turn to it. Ephesians 6:2 says, "Honor thy father and mother," which is the first commandment with promise. Okay, that's the second verse we read. Honor thy father and mother. I was just studying this for myself and I became very blessed just thinking about honor thy father and mother. This is the first commandment with promise. Amen. There's something special that God attaches to this commandment that it may be well with thee. Who wants it to be well with you? &gt;&gt; Amen. Anybody? And thou mayest live long on the earth. So, honoring thy father and mother will help it be well with you. &gt;&gt; Honoring your father and mother will help it be well with you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And everybody here who has a belly button has a father and mother. Amen. From right here to the back, everybody in this room except for my rock has a belly button. So everybody, this service is for everybody here except this rock here. No offense. Amen. But honor thy father and mother that it might be well with thee. So if we don't honor our father and mother, we can just, you know, transfix the verse. It won't be well with you. Yikes. Hey, but if we honor them, it'll be well with us and our our days will be prolonged. So the Greek word, I know we all love the Greek language. Praise the Lord. I'm sure all every child in their bedroom has a Strong's concordance right there. Right. It's from the Greek word tommo. To prize, to fix evaluation upon, by implication to revere, to honor, to value. Amen. Honor your father and mother. Hallelujah. We're just going to show another one more slide if you don't mind. Sorry. Next slide. And then one more. I'm sure if we were all to walk outside and we saw this nice Tesla Model X sitting outside. I'm just, you know, who likes electric cars? You know, you can't even hear them coming. It's dangerous. But I I think they're pretty neat. So, if we went outside and this was parked right outside there, Brother Ben, I'm sure we'd all probably walk around it. Whoa, an electric car. Cuz we'd have high value upon the car. So we'd be looking at all over. Wow, look at the how the doors go like that. Wow, it's a car. So we would place such high value upon this, right? Is that true? But I just want to give another example. Okay, brother Jason, do you mind coming up here for me? Brother Jason is one of my favorite counselors of all time. He's he's the super counselor to me. Whenever I think, man, it's so hard, you know, they're so busy. He's like, oh, I love it. It's fun. and he's jumping off the big rock with the kids and everything like that. You know, to me, he's a tremendous counselor, but he's also a dad. So, I think he is. Do you have two or three kids here right now? &gt;&gt; Uh, just two. &gt;&gt; Two right now. &gt;&gt; Right now. Okay. Camden Logan, do you want to come up, too? Okay. Now, this is your dad, right? Do you ever just walk around him like, "Wow, you're my dad." Do you? Just like you would walk around this car and be like, "Look at all the features in it." Be like, "Wow, you you have a heart. He can smile." Right? To honor him. Do you guys ever do this at home? Now, when he comes home from work, it's like, "Oh, hallelujah, Dad. Look at him. He's so amazing." Because if you honor him, if you place a high value on him, the Bible says it'll be well with you. Amen. So, thank you. Thank you very much. You did very good. I I hope all the children will go home and just ooh and awe of their parents. Amen. Just look them up from top to bottom. All the features and everything. They're your parents. Amen. It'll be well with you if you honor your father and mother. And if you don't honor them, it won't be well with you. Just things won't go as smoothly in your life as they should. And brother Kyle doesn't have Christian parents. I try and honor them the best I can. I have, you know, you have certain complexes and scars based upon, you know, divorce and all this kind of stuff, but I try to honor them because I do love them. I do appreciate them. Amen. But when all a sudden you have kids of your own and you realize how much effort you pour into your children, then it makes you love your parents so much more. Amen. And so I try and honor my parents the best that I can to appreciate. It's a bit awkward. You know, it's it hasn't got to the the the pinnacle of where I'd like it to get, but they love me. They love my children. They love my wife. And, you know, even though they're not Christians, I still honor them. And God honors that. I've I've seen God work through my dad, playing the role of the father through my dad, though he's not a believer. Still God using him when I needed like God was using him as the father role, if you know what I mean. God was using him though he's not a believer. But it's good for us to honor our father and mother. Anybody agree? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. We're just going to go on this for a few minutes and then we're going to close because if you can capture this principle, it'll make a big difference in your life because God wants a relationship with you. And if you can learn to sister Milana, Sister Charity, everybody here, if we can learn to have a relationship with our parents, it'll affect our relationship with God. Because the way God is reflecting something through our mom and dad about him. &gt;&gt; Amen. Just as you look at a tree and you can learn things about God by looking at that tree, you can learn things about him by your parents. So if we can get a hold of this principle, it's going to help you a lot in life. Amen. It's going to help the spirit of God move in our church more freely also. Amen. &gt;&gt; So I'm just going to go through it for a few minutes. I know some of you you're you're just you're doing great. Hallelujah. I just began to think too of brother Brandham also. You know, his dad, he wasn't the best dad. He was a drunkard. He was involved in crime. He was involved in all these different kinds of things. He abandoned the family for a while when he's young. But you won't find brother Brandham speaking badly about his dad. You won't find brother Brandham throwing mud upon his dad's life. He'll be honest about what his dad was into. But you can see the heart of brother Brandham. I wanted to be like him. My dad had such big muscles. My dad had such nice hair. My dad was the the best horse rider there was keeping honor upon his dad, right? Cuz he's a prophet. He was so molded by God. And he he mentions brother Brandham, if you type in my dad in the message search, you can find different things brother Renham says about his dad. And I believe we could we should have that kind of character also. Amen. spending time in the word and spending time letting his word, his spirit cultivate our hearts also &gt;&gt; because we so appreciate God using brother Brandham, but God wants to use you. &gt;&gt; God wants to use me. Amen. God want wants to use you in the back over there. Amen. So, let's just go through a few principles of if we can learn about honoring our father and mother, it'll help us in our relationship with God. And brother John mentioned some of these things this morning about just the simple thing of saying, "I love you, Mom. I love you, Dad. Hallelujah." Who likes to tell their mom, "I love you." Who likes to tell their dad, "I love you, Dad." That's great. Almost every hand up. I love that. That's wonderful. Parents, are you happy about that? &gt;&gt; Do you like it when your kids say, "I love you?" I just think it's so sweet. Who would have thought I would have kids but Tom? &gt;&gt; And sometimes, you know what? I'll have my son or my daughter come up to me and they say, "I love you." &gt;&gt; And I'll be like, "Oh, that's so sweet. What do you want?" You know, but then and then they say nothing. That's the best. That's the best. You know, it's nice when they want something, too. But if we can just learn, I know some of us maybe we haven't been raised the most mushy gushy and it can be a bit awkward and maybe our parents are are are a bit different, but still it's so good good to learn to say I love you dad. I love you mom. Even with my mom, it's still a bit awkward. We're on the phone and it's like I love you mom, you know, as as the phone as the phone's coming away from your hand, you know, cuz it's just it's so mushy and I wasn't raised kind of a mushy person and so forth. You know, if we can learn to verbalize and express love to our parents, we can learn to verbalize and express love towards our heavenly father. &gt;&gt; He loves it. Amen. When we express it towards him, Lord, I love you. &gt;&gt; Amen. I appreciate you. &gt;&gt; It's not even that I want anything. Amen. I might have a sore back. I might be this or that, but I'm I'm just telling you I love you. You know about my my back's fine. I'm not it's just just an example, you know, it's oh man, no, my back's fine. But God just expressed love to him and he just so appreciates that. Amen. &gt;&gt; I wonder what it was like when Adam and Eve or Adam and woman and God came down in the cool of the evening. What kind of heartbeat it was towards each other before the fall. The atmosphere of love. Amen. Oh my, it'll be so much greater having gone through what we've gone through. The kind of love we can express to him. But we can start now expressing our love to our Lord Jesus. Amen. &gt;&gt; And it takes practice. Amen. It takes time to to learn learn these things and to do them and so forth. But if we can learn to express our love towards God, it'll make such a difference in our lives. You know who who here keeps a journal? Hands way up because you're my heroes. Way up. Way up. Hallelujah. I love I love you. I'm you know I I love journals. I brought some of my old journals here. Amen. Just because this is a little side topic. I apologize. You know what does this have to do with last night at camp, brother Kyle? You know you're crazy. Praise the Lord. Here's just some of my old journals. You know, David was a man after God's own heart and he wrote a lot. Amen. Sister, you have a journal, too. That's wonderful. David wrote a lot of his love for God on paper. And his son Solomon did, too. You know, it's a form of prayer, expressing things on paper. It'll help you in your prayer life. Amen. Brother Brandham said he had a tablet. Did you know that Brother Brandham had a tablet? If you type in tablet in the message, you'll find him talking about his tablet because brother Brandham was so cutting edge. No, it was a tablet of paper, but he had one. Amen. I've seen his notes before, but it's good if we can I thought about sometimes by Tom doing a a guest lecture at BCA on journaling. Then you can look back and you can just see the different things that God spoke to you and so forth. I think it's this one I was flipping through. This is from 2012. And I wrote in here with a star beside it, something needs to trigger an awareness in our lives that God is aware of our thoughts and actions. &gt;&gt; Amen. Something needs to trigger an an awareness in our lives that God is aware of our thoughts and our actions. Hallelujah. Beyond believing to knowing beyond quotes and scriptures. I just wrote that there. But you know, it'll help you in your your walk with God if you get a tablet. Amen. And write some things. Just sketch sometimes. Amen. Just have it with you at church. Like you have paper and so forth right now. I I would like to see a revival of journals at church. Amen. More paper at church to write notes. something strikes you, just one sentence, one word, and you write it down. And you put a little note beside that. Search that when you go home because all of you in your bedroom, remember, you have a strong concordance there for we love Greek. We love Hebrew. Amen. And so, it's good to have one of these. I I think Amen. I I believe that it'll help you in your walk with God if you can just start to get Brother John used to always hand these out. I have about 10 or 15 of these. John is full of sketches. Who remembers getting these a youth meeting? Praise the Lord. I hope you don't mind that as a little side topic, but you know, this will help you in your walk with God more than an iPad. Amen. More than a Samsung Galaxy tablet. All, you know, swiping and we're inundated with too much technology. It's just good to get back to the old pen and paper. Amen. The oldfashioned ways. Jeremiah says, "Remember the old paths." &gt;&gt; Amen. the old ways. &gt;&gt; Let's not forget the old paths and the old ways. Amen. Prayer, fasting. Amen. Expressing our love to God. Just a few more minutes. I apologize. But it's so good to have a little journal. I've been wanting to say that for a long time. Glory. Journals. Journals. Journals. Journal. Greek. Greek. Greek. Hebrew. Hebrew. Hebrew. Greek. Greek. Just kidding. Just kidding. I'm not I'm not promoting theologians or nothing like that, but a love for the word of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; Just to dive in there sometimes and to realize what God has for you. And it doesn't take a whole lot of time anymore. Amen. Just read one verse and just dig in. Lord, make this real to my heart. Oh my. He'll make it real. You can read Psalms 119 and just see how much David loved the word and how much he loved the statutes and the laws and all the things to do with God and said, "God, don't let David just be a man after God's own heart. And me to like David, but not to be a man after your own heart." Amen. Make me a man after your own. Make me a woman after your own heart also, Lord Jesus. Amen. Just a couple more and we're going to wrap up quick here. So, relationship with our parents. Remember we were talking about that eight minutes ago, saying I love you. Also, please and thank you. Amen. Have you ever heard those words before? Please and thank you. You say, "Brother Kyle, this is like Emily Post, you know, English manners." It's not. It's good to be able to express these things to our parents. Please, Mom. Amen. Thank you for taking me to camp. Thank you for paying my way to camp. I don't know if Sister Ryan made cupcakes again to come to summer camp, but most of us our parents probably paid our way to camp. It'd be good to tell them, "Thank you, Mom. Thank you, Dad, for laboring for me." Remember the parable? There's this mystery in the Bible of the Samaritans that Jesus keeps we weaving through and one part there's 10 lepers that he heals and nine of them go away and one comes back and he's a Samaritan. And Jesus says, "Was there not 10? Why is only one coming back and he's a Samaritan? There's just a mystery there about the Samaritans, the woman at the well and the the the parable of the good Samaritan and so forth. And it's a it's a different topic just kind of, you know, in there in my mind somewhere in my journal. Hallelujah. But the one man came back and said, "Thank you and worship the Lord." And Jesus appreciated that and it's recorded in the scripture as a reminder when he does something for you, come back and say thank you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Who's ever had it before? Maybe I'll towards the old ones where you know God does something for you and you know like right away give thanks. Amen. He does something for you. He saves you. He provides for you. He does something outside of yourself and you know right away time to worship. Hallelujah. Special times. Oh my. And some if you forget to give thanks. But Tim sometimes it feels bad because the Lord the Lord's kind of you know he's kind of grieved because he did something for you and you didn't thank him. Amen. So, if we can learn to express our thanks towards our parents, it's we're going to I was almost going to give all of you a card for when you walk out of here like remember when you go home, tell your parents you love them, say thank you, give them a hug, but I'll just rely upon God God bringing these words to your remembrance in your heart to go do these things cuz it'll make such a difference in your home. Amen. It'll make such a difference in our church where when every car pulls up for the the church, there's there's a family in a car that's in love with each other. Oh, and they have a passion maybe to sit together in church cuz they love each other so much. Like the Wong family. Amen. Always together. Always together in church. I'm not saying we have to sit together in church, but a passion for families to love each other. Amen. For brothers and sisters to love each other. Amen. I I I think like some of you, you have brothers and sisters here. go to church together. I think of Charity and Jessica here. They're like best friends. That's a good example of a message, sister. Uh in our church, they're like best friends. And why not? Amen. We'll get into that in another note there in a minute here. But to express our thankfulness to our parents. Amen. Bless you, brother Philip. And then we'll learn to express our thankfulness to God. So these things, if we can learn them in earthly ways, it'll help cultivate us in spiritual ways. Amen. Just about five more minutes. We're going to wrap up here. And brother John mentioned this one this morning, too. Just learning to say sorry. It's hard to apologize sometimes towards our parents or towards one another. If we can learn to apologize and not when we do something wrong, when we say something wrong, don't be thinking of the punishment. Just be thinking of making it right. A lot of times we'll avoid saying sorry because we're imagining the punishment. &gt;&gt; Amen. But it's better just to make it right. Like when brother John threw his gun over the fence and broke it. Remember for years he held that in his heart and held that in his mind. And I don't think his dad gave him a huge like, you know, just tore him to pieces or this and that. I think he said like, "Why didn't you tell me sooner?" Right? You had to carry that in your mind, in your heart for years, right? So when we do something wrong, don't just be thinking in terms of punishments like, "Lord, I made wrong. Let me go say sorry." God likes quick repentance. David, a man after God's own heart, he was a good repentter. &gt;&gt; Amen. And it's completely against human nature to say sorry. We want to hide. We want to run and hide like Adam did in the Garden of Eden when we did things wrong. But if we can learn to apologize and just say sorry, it'll help our walk with God so much. Lord, forgive me. I said that wrong. I did that wrong. Would you forgive me, Lord Jesus? Amen. &gt;&gt; A lot of people get derailed in their Christian life because they lack the ability to say sorry to God. Amen. rather than just making it right, they'll just they'll justify their actions and they'll drift away from God. And when you talk to them, the genesis of their drifting away was something simple they did wrong and would not make right. Often I've talked to people and it their story you you think them leaving church and going into the world is going to be some really like dramat but it started with something so simple. Amen. If they would have just said sorry, I'm wrong. Would you forgive me? Amen. Oh my. I could say more on that for a minute, but let me just ponder that for a minute. Amen. Part of it is too, let me just touch on it for a minute. This we're still going to be done in five minutes here. But when God touches your life, when God gives you the Holy Spirit, sometimes we think the rest of our life should life should be perfect and flawless. Yeah, God touched my life and I'll never make a mistake again because now I know. But we're going to make mistakes. We're going to fall. We're going to do things wrong &gt;&gt; because we're still human. When God gives you, I mentioned this in Victoria, too, but I just love it. When God gives you the gift of the Holy Spirit, that's the down payment. That's the arabon. That's the earnest. Arabon, Greek, Greek, Greek. Amen. That's the earnest. So, when God gives you the Holy Spirit, that's the down payment. &gt;&gt; Okay? So, you you have the Holy Spirit, but that's the down payment. You're still living in a fallen human body, but you have the Holy Spirit, Brother Orin, but that's a down payment. But you're still in a human body. The full payment is coming. &gt;&gt; A new body is coming. A new earth is coming where there's no sin. There's no devil. &gt;&gt; So, we need to realize as Christians, from brother Abraham in the back all the way to me in the front, when God gives us the Holy Spirit, that's the down payment. Amen. &gt;&gt; You're still human living in a human world amongst humans who don't love God and you're going to make mistakes. You're going to say things wrong. Amen. Does not mean that God didn't give you the Holy Spirit. It just means you're human. It just means the full payment is coming. Oh, I so appreciate down the road I'm going to have a body that's different from this body. Amen. I'm going to live in a world without sin. I'm going to live in a world without sickness and no devil. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; The full payment is coming. I tell my wife sometimes as a joke, you know, like I love my wife and we have a great relationship and so forth, but I thought, you know, imagine our relationship, no sin, no devil, no fallen nature. It' be so different, right? Because we have those things as brother Ricard was saying, those principalities and powers, those other spirits trying to war against us and so forth. All right, we're down to the three-minute mark here. Another thing is okay saying I love you mom saying thank you amen brother John and um one more thing I want to mention here is learning not to fight with our siblings as I was mentioning Jessica Jessica and charity and so forth some of you are giggling how come but if we can learn not to fight with our siblings amend put you in a home together for a purpose with certain parents together for a purpose and your family if you can learn to not fight with each other. It'll help translate into you learning not to fight with other Christians. Amen. You need to realize, hey, we're in a family together. Some of us have Morton blood. Some of us have Andy's blood. Some of us have Drake blood. But every son and daughter of God's connected to the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. And we need to not just think of our own little family clans. You know, Morton clan, Morton clan. No, we're the we're the family of God. Amen. through the blood of Jesus Christ. So we need to think bigger than just our own little tribes and clans. Amen. The Mcra clan and so forth because you know we don't want to fight in the backyard with one another and in the front yard with one another. Amen. It's not going to help the spirit of God move in our church, move in our meetings and so forth. Amen. I pray God baptize us aresh. Lord, don't let me be an instigator and a fighter of one another. Help me be able to put myself in their shoes a little bit. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh my. Maybe the musicians can come. These are just some things that as an earthly parent they would love to see from their kids. I know my mom there. We have four boys. I have three, some of you don't know, but I have three brothers. And one thing my mom loves so much, this is my earthly mom, is she so loves how my my me and my brothers, we get along. It means so much to her. for Christmas. Uh Christmas, we gave her a big picture of the four boys together and she opened it up and she's like, she just started breaking down cuz there's her four boys getting along. It just meant so much to her. Amen. How much more the heart of God when he sees his sons and daughters getting along. Amen. Recognizing that we're all a bit different, but that we're family. Amen. So these are some things an earthly parent they just love to see. Our heavenly father loves to see them much much more. Amen. Does anybody want to please your heavenly father? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's also start by pleasing our earthly parents. Amen. Can we try that when we leave camp tomorrow? Lord, help me honor my father and my mother. And Lord, help me honor you. Praise the Lord. Maybe we can stand to our feet. Brother Ryan's going to help me sing a song from Psalms 18 that he wrote that uh I just love. We can sing together. Open unto me your gates of rightuousness. Oh, and I will enter in and give you praise. Open unto me your gates of rightuousness. Oh, and I will enter in and give you praise. For you are my God and I give you praise. You are my God. I exalt your name. You are my God and I give you praise. You are my God. I exalt your name. &gt;&gt; And then one more time. Open unto me. &gt;&gt; Lord, open unto me your gates of rightuousness. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You and I will enter in and give you praise. Lord, open unto me. Your gates are rightuous. and I will enter in and give you praise. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You are my God. &gt;&gt; For you are my God and I give you praise. You are my God. I exalt your name. You are my God and I give you praise. You are my God. I exalt your name. Praise the Lord. Amen. It makes all the difference when he opens up this life to us. Amen. &gt;&gt; We can't just walk into it by ourselves. God opens it up for us. Then's the time to walk into it. Amen. when he opens up the Christian life for you. When he opens up his mercy, when he opens up his grace, that's the time to walk into it. Amen. Noah's family, his sons walked into that ark. There was a time where it was open for them to walk into and they walked into it. And that's what we want to do. Amen. All the young people, are you doing good? Amen. Raise your hand if you're doing good. Praise the Lord. It's it's the last night of junior camp. It's not the last night of camp, though. We still have more services, right? when we go on to the tent the next few days. It's not just for the senior campers, it's for us also. So, our our camp's just going to keep going. And some of you, maybe you can't be there, but you can stream from your house and listen to Brother Ron and just worship God and so forth. So, just happy to speak to you and be here with you again this evening. And we'll just pray and then sing one more song. Brother Tom Ray will come and then afterwards we'll just go up to the snack shack, I believe, and have some snacks together. Let's have a word of prayer. We'll sing Lord, I lift your name after starting with the first verse. Precious Lord Jesus, there's none like you, Lord. We're just so thankful you opened up our mind and our hearts to know you. And Lord Jesus, your mercy and grace reaching out this week. We just pray that you'd help us respond. Lord, there's so many things, Lord, pulling us this way and that way. our minds can be so distracted and we can get used to just a church life. But Lord, we want to walk with you. I just believe you're opening this up to us, Father. You want to have a relationship with us, all of us, Lord Jesus. Not just the ministers, not just the deacons, not just those uh who we know of a certain family or this and that. God, you want a relationship with all of us, Lord. and help us unlock our minds and hearts to believe this Lord Jesus and to enjoy it and to worship you and to thank you for it Lord and to Lord to be what you want us to be Lord we don't try and be somebody else you love us as we are Lord you'll transform us little by little and we thank you Lord help us worship you all the way strengthen us for the trials ahead Lord help us not get fear faint and weary but Help us worship you, Lord. We just want to sing one more song as we turn to Bl. Lord, may you receive it and be glad. We pray. Amen. Verse one. Lord, I lift your name. &gt;&gt; Lord, my heart can grow. So far away and cold. And yet for me your love is still the same. Lord I bend my knee in all I fear of thee. My head bowed down in reence to your name. Lord, I lift your name. Your holy name, the holy God. Hello him. nor the grace. I am the reason my comfort and my need. In verse two, &gt;&gt; Lord, my heart's desire is to be filled with the spirit's fire. My purpose is to worship you. You alone open up my soul to worship and adore to be a friend with offering to your own. Hallelujah. Lord, I lift your name. Your holy name. Jehovah God. Elimin. You're the great I am the bra. My comfort and my &gt;&gt; Let's just sing it one more time. Let's all lift our hands now to worship. Lord, I lift your name. your holy name Jehovah God. Hallelujah. You're the great I am the lamb. My God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And King, &gt;&gt; why don't you just thank him in your own way right now? Thank the Lord Jesus that he gave you an opportunity to come to camp. Thank the Lord Jesus that he can deal with your heart. Thank the Lord Jesus for his tender Holy Spirit knocking on your heart to thank him for all he's doing within your heart and life within your home within your family. We thank you Lord for the word of God that we heard this evening. We thank you for the way it was delivered and spoken to us. Lord, we thank God for the gifts that are within the body that can speak, get their point across, have the Holy Spirit punctuated. Father, we're thankful for all you are doing and have done and will continue to do. We bless your holy name. We glorify the King of glory and worthy is the Lamb. You're worthy of all praise. We bless your name, Lord. We thank you again in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. You can have your seat just for a moment. I thought that was very fitting and very appropriate. Brother Kyle, he asked Brother Tom and Brother Ron, did we have pet rocks? He said, I believe that was in the 70s. You know why I love him so much? That makes me 20 years younger than what I am. I was married, had children, and everything else when pet rocks were around. I was not a kid at the time. So, I feel very young tonight. Thank you very much, brother K. It made me feel good. It's a very good point. Brother Kyle was making many, many, many good points. And so often we say, you know, learn to say sorry. It's so hard for you to say sorry, but it should not ever be hard for you to say thank you. Thank you. Why don't you turn around and say, "Thank you for being my my buddy camper. It'll be a memory that you will have for the rest of your life. Thank you for being my counselor. Thank you for making this camp so special because you made my my cabin special by being there. Thank you. Thank you, Henry. You've blessed me, just being here. I'm praying with you the other night and I I spoke of it a number of times. That blesses my heart. It really does. First camp, right, Henry? &gt;&gt; Second already. Man, you're getting old. I think it's a tremendous thing that you took, brother Jason, and had your sons, the sons stand there. How many remember that? You haven't forgotten that already, right, Brother Jason? I hate to do it to you. Please come stand here. We're friends anyways. He knows that, right? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. Where's the boys? We're going to do it again because that is real. &gt;&gt; That is very real. Okay, boys. I want you to give your dad a hug and say, "Thanks, Dad, for letting us come to camp. You Thank you. Thank you." Did all children, did you get to see that? You know, Brother Tom was once blonde. It's true. I was once blonde and I was once in business and I was back east. I was in Montreal. I flew in. I had a business situation I had to deal with. And Brother Briscoll said, "Look up an old friend of mine that I knew from 20 years before then and just and just say hello to him." I said, ' Okay, I'll do that, Brother Ed. I'll do that for you. So, this this man is very high up in business, very wellto-d do man. Everything's fine, everything's wonderful. So, I found out where he was. I went to his his uh store and and I asked one of the salespeople. I said, "Is is our man the man here?" He said, "Yes, he's in his office." He's in his office. He said, "You go just go through this store. You go through those curtains. You go into the back room. You knock on that door and he'll be at his desk. Sir, I'm not trying to delay this. Just trying to you. So, it was powerful for the Kyle. So, I'm a nobody. I'm just a businessman. I'm just out. I'm doing what I have to do to to supply for my family. And this man is very high up. And I walk on knock on the door and with a Jewish accent, he says, "Come on in." So, he says, "Who are you, sir?" I said, "Uh, you don't know me from a hole in the wall." He says, 'Well, who are you?' I said, 'I'm Ray. That still didn't mean anything. He said, and what are you doing here, sir? I said, I'm here to greet you from Ed Biscll. This man had to be somewhere in his 60s. jumps over the desk, gives me the biggest bear hug I've ever had, and he says, "A son-in-law of Brother Biscll or Ed Biscll is a son-in-law of Arman." I go, "Whoa, what a greeting." He says, "I'll never forget and thank brother Bisll for what he's done for me." And that's years down the road. He says, "You must come and have dinner with me and my family." I said, "You don't know me." Like he said, he said, "If you are a son-in-law of Ed Biscllow," he says, "you're like my son-in-law." I said, "Really? We I we should treat one another like this." These Jewish absolute Orthodox Jew, natural Israel, natural. We're sitting and we're having a heart-to-heart talk. What made brother Biscllow leave business and come to Vancouver and I'm trying to explain God to him and the Lord Jesus and the whole thing. And we are into deep thought and deep talking. And in comes this kinkyhaired, the best looking young man, all of skin complexion. He comes running in the room and he interrupts his daddy and me talking. Excuse me, father. I am so sorry. And I'm looking at a 16-year-old boy. He says, "Father, would you forgive me for interrupting your conversation?" And I go, "Whoa, I'm impressed. I'm very impressed." And and and so he said, "Excuse me to me." He says, "I must hug my father." Wouldn't that wouldn't that be tremendous if you came home and just every day he came home? He wasn't doing that for me. He was doing it because he loved his father. God wants fellowship. It's relationship. That's 16. So, we're back into our conversation again, and the then now here comes this this distinguished 19-year-old, nice suit, tie, walks in, powerhouse, walks in the room, he takes command of the whole situation at 19. Mind, it helps when you got a few million. You know what I mean? So he interrupts us and he says, "Father, forgive me for interrupting your conversation. Excuse me." He doesn't even know my name yet. And he grabs his daddy and gives him a big hug. 16, 19, and there's another son that comes in. This is natural Jew. &gt;&gt; Natural Jew. What you heard tonight was spiritual Jew. Children, if you can put that into effect, it will change your home. Respect and honor your mother and your father. Not just camp of learning things. We have lost a lot of that. I read a book one time called the mastering the thank you. Mastering the thank you. If you can master what you heard tonight, it will change your life. To thank not only your daddy and mommy to come to camp, but then the next morning figuring out another way to say thank you for allowing me to come to camp. They said if you can master the art of thank you, it will transform your life. Just those two words, thank you. Because today there's no appreciation for anything. So, I thought, what a way to end a junior camp so that you can thank the Lord Jesus for allowing you to come and be in the presence of the Lord. So, I want to thank the counselors. I want to thank brother Ed Biscll and Sister Ruth Biscll. Don't you ever ever forget. Because if time should Terry and I go on that the vision of a man and a woman, a brother, our pastor, and his wife was to have a camp so that you children could be in the presence of God. I say that's vision. And God fulfilled the vision. And by doing that, you've been able to enjoy this camp. I would want you to thank our God for that. &gt;&gt; I don't care what day of the week it is, day of the month, year, whatever. When you pass, Brother Biscll, you might just say thank you right out of the blue and say, "Thank you, brother Ed, for the vision to have a camp so that I can worship God." No. Hey, listen. There's a lot of churches, a lot of It's all about them. It's not about our children. We missionary in our own backyard. And that's why you're here, so that we can missionary out in the world. The Psalm says in 40 and5, "Many, oh Lord, my God, are thy wonderful works which thou have done." God, I believe, has done wonderful works in this camp for your lives. The presence of God has come. He's dealt with your hearts and he will continue to deal with your hearts. He said, "Thy thoughts are towards us." So God in his mind, you were all babies when we had these camp when this camp we bought this camp and hear you now. Many of you were babies and now you here enjoying it. His thoughts were towards you so that you can enjoy the word of God. The Bible says they're wonderful works hard to be reckoned. If I would declare and speak of them, they're more than could be numbered what God's done for you. Camp doesn't happen by you just showing up. And so I want to thank and I would like you to start doing this. And I want you young girls to listen to me in my last few moments. This is very important. And this this comes to this message to thank your counselor, to thank the kitchen staff, to thank the brothers on the cameras, to thank the technicians that make it possible because you know these services aren't just here. This actually goes around the world. Your faces will be seen in almost every country from Africa to Europe to Asia, wherever. So God has a purpose and we want to be able to thank God for fulfilling that purpose. I want to thank brother Ricard and Michael Andes. I want to thank brother Kyle Morton for being a big part. I want to thank my son Michael Ray Abigail. And if we start going into it, Marco, Sharon, Kim, Joel, Jana, Dave. It's amazing. It's amazing. you start numbering up the hours and some of us just come on camp and and expect a wonderful time months in advance. I have a young man that comes to me said, "Dad, camp is 3 months away. What are we doing?" So, it takes a lot of planning, a lot of prayer. We've prayed. We believed Brother Ron Spencer agreed to come a year ago. God had in his mind our speaker and he was gracious enough to come to our camp with Sister Connie Spencer. And we thank God that you said yes, brother Ron. And we want to thank you tonight as in junior camp. God bless you. All the musicians, all the kitchen staff, Brother John, Sister Sharon, they'll jump in to do anything at any time for anyone. every counselor and helper. We couldn't even ha have a camp unless you sacrificed your time and loss of work, loss of wages, and then paying to come. You're marvelous in my eyes. I respect you and I love you for it. I love seeing the mommies and the daddies coming behind getting their own little cabins in support of prayer for their children that are here. I can't, brother Kyle, thank God enough. And if you start hearing me jumping around camp saying, "Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you." It's because I mean it. I thank God for every one of you. And yes, God wants fellowship with you. Did you notice I the other part, Brother Kyle? You know, I we don't we we tweak each other. Okay, we tweak each other, right? I did you see that slide up there? That slide that brother Kyle showed and the title of his message. Who saw the slide? What was the title? &gt;&gt; What was the title? &gt;&gt; I can't hear you. I want relationship with you. &gt;&gt; Very good. Levi, stand up. &gt;&gt; Turn it around and say it to everybody. &gt;&gt; God wants a relationship with you. Yes, you. &gt;&gt; Now, the part that I'd like to tweak on that, you had it very small, but I think God wants it very big. Yes, you. God wants relationship with you. Remember that this camp. The sisters apparently have something that is Kyle, you said a snack afterwards here. So, just to show you who's here now, the kitchen staff, they're up very early in the morning making every dish there is. And brother Gail Ashdown, he's in the kitchen. Are you the only kitchen uh washer here tonight, Gil? Is there more here in here? Okay, I want everybody that works in the kitchen stand to your feet. Who's ever here? Can you shout thank you? &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you. God bless you. The unsung heroes are washing your plates. God must want to have fellowship with you. Yes, you. For these precious saints to do the labor that they're doing. And it's a labor of love. I want every counselor to stand up and every helper, please. Song leader, musician, technician. Anybody that's helped in this camp, I want you to stand up. Children, you are. This is the first time brother Tom's going to allow you now to turn around and look around the room. Look at all the people that helped to make this camp possible. Can you say thank you again? &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; I think a little louder. &gt;&gt; Thank you. &gt;&gt; God bless you. You have your seats. Isn't that doesn't that sound good, brother Kyle? &gt;&gt; I love it. It shows actually there's some appreciation. So now can we thank the Lord Jesus for coming in this camp? Can we all SAY THANK YOU LORD? &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord. &gt;&gt; Thank you Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you for the privilege to be in your presence. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's bow our heads one more time. Always sad to end camp but Lord this is not the end. This is just the comma. We are coming to a senior camp where we can enjoy the word of God as we have enjoyed it through this beginning of the week. We are praying for brother Ron Spencer with all of our hearts. We are praying God you'll take the man of God. You know our need and you know the burdens on our hearts. So God move him in channels he has even not thought of. Let the Holy Ghost take control of the very vessel you have chosen at this season. Lord, bless him and Sister Connie, Lord, for their love that they could come and be with us. We pray, Lord, that you'll blanket the camp, senior camp, with your presence that as the young ones will leave and the older ones will come, may it go smoothly. And may the presence of God that's here, Lord, start ministering to them quickly, we pray. And so, Lord, we will go and have some fellowship around some food that has been made by sanctified hands, blessed sisters, blessed brothers that have helped so much through the week. We pray that you'll bless them, that you will bless the food, that we will go rejoicing tonight, thanking you for this time that we've had at Junior Camp. Bless each one now. We ask in Jesus' name. Amen. Who is in the Lord's army? I thought somebody would. Did they sing that song this morning? And I missed it. So, because I missed it, I got to sing it. Can we sing that before we go? Who's in the Lord's army? Well, then stand up. &gt;&gt; All right. Who's gonna help me? Levi, you gonna help me? &gt;&gt; Sure. How do we start? &gt;&gt; Shoot the artillery. Some folks like to fly over land and sea, but I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Some folks like to march in the infantry, ride in the calvaryary, shoot the artillery. Some folks like to fly over land and sea. But I'm in the Lord's army. HALLELUJAH. &gt;&gt; HALLELUJAH. YEAH. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Greet one another. You're dismissed in Jesus name. &gt;&gt; Clean their cabins up. &gt;&gt; This is a nasty one. Nasty announcement. Here's the nasty announcement. Your cabins must be spotless tomorrow morning. Yeah, it's impossible. All things are possible, Levi. So, God bless you. Remember that because there's the ones coming in. Well, you're going out. Thank you. By the way, that pepperon Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
