################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2020-06-21 - v20 0621 Events Happening In Another World-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada) - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2020-06-21
Title:    v20 0621 Events Happening In Another World-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada)
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 48m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bL1dOBVoAQ
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Everything you need, he's already provided. [Music] Every promise you can claim. [Music] Ask it in his name. Everything you need. Oh, he's already proided. He's already provided. He's already provided. He's already proided. Everything you need, he's already provided. [Applause] [Music] Every proise you can claim. Ask it in his name. Everything you need. He's already provided. Amen. Hallelujah. thankful for the provision of our Lord Jesus. And it's just so happy to see a few more that have gathered here. And I don't feel like I'm singing a solo anymore. Well, it's wonderful just to fellowship together and we greet everyone that is streaming with us this morning. Maybe we could start singing uh My Sheep Know My Voice. Brother Ed's going to be ministering unto us. We're looking forward to that. We have a special and so we just want to worship the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord together. Glad to be one of his sheep. One of the Lord's sheep. And he's the great shepherd that has spoken to us in this age. And we have heard his voice. Amen. My sheep know my voice. My sheep know my voice. And the path that I take, they follow wherever I go. My sheep know my voice and come at my call. But a stranger's voice do they not know. My sheep know my voice and day by day they abide in the f and go on a straight [Music] They love me because I have made him my choice and they follow my call. For my sheep know my voice. My sheep know my voice and the pastures of green where I lead them so often to feed. My sheep know my voice and the cool sparkling stream. Where beside it still waters I lead. My sheep know my voice and I need abide in the f and go [Music] not a stray. They love me because I have made them my choice and they follow my call. For my sheep know my voice. My sheep know my voice and the valley of death through which I shall lead them someday. But no danger nor harm can touch one of them for I will be with them all. My sheep know my voice. And day by day they abide in the f and go not astray. They love me because I have made him my choice. And they follow my call for my sheep. Know my voice. And so I'll cherish [Music] the old rugged cross till my trophies at last I lay down. And I will cling to the old rugged cross and exchange it someday for a crown on a hill. On a hill far away stood an old rugged cross. the emblem of suffering and shame. And that old cross where the dearest and best for our world of lost sinners was slain. And so I'll chase the old rugged cross till I drove that last highly down. I will cling to the old rugged cross and exchange it someday for a crown. [Music] Oh, that old rugged cross so despised by the world has a wondrous attraction for me. For the dear lamb of God left his glory above to bear it to dark calary. And so I'll cherish the old rug cross till my trophies at last I lay down. I will cling to the old rugged cross and exchange it someday for a crown to the old rugged cross to the old rugged cross I will ever be true in shame and reproach glad gladly bear. Then he'll call me someday to my home far away where is glory forever I'll share. And so I'll cherish the old rugged cross. Till my trophies at last I lay down. I will cling to the old rubbing cross and exchange it someday for a crown. Just play that softly. Tom, I'm going to ask you to come and uh take the requests and uh make a couple of announcements. We just have um read the requests just before he comes. Um Brother David Daniels is requesting prayer for a relative who was injured in a motorcycle accident in Edmonton who's in the hospital. So, we just want to remember that in prayer. And sister Ellaner Drake is also requesting prayer for one of her siblings who has just found out they have cancer. And sister Ellaner also is praying for the healing of the soul of this individual. So we just want to take that. All right, brother Tom. &gt;&gt; Good morning saints. Why don't we just all stand before we go to before the throne of grace? Sister Elellaner, she had called and talked with Sister Joanne and burdened not just because uh a brother has cancer of the body, but she's burdened to see the salvation of her of a soul. And so now collectively as we are here gathered together this morning, let's just bind our hearts and and pray. And that also was for uh brother David Daniels. Um was that just a friend? &gt;&gt; A relative. Okay. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. Father, whenever there was needs when you fashioned and formed a body and lived in a temple called Jesus Christ, Lord, wherever you pass, the scripture so often says, "And you healed every one of them." Lord, we believe that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. Lord, we're all standing here in need. We're all standing here burdened. We're all standing here looking to the lamb of God that can take every one of these burdens and needs, dissolve them, and make all things turn out well. And so, Father, our hearts are are beating in anticipation of the the fulfillment of our prayers because we don't pray a miss. We pray with intent and purpose. We pray God for Sister Allaner's brother, needy in body. And we could say, "We're all needy in body, but we need the master to come and touch his soul." That he would look heavenward, Lord. That he wouldn't look at a monitor or look at results of a doctor, but he would look at Calvary and realize his need in Christ Jesus. So, Father, I'm asking wherever he is today that there would be an awakening like the prodal had. He awoken to himself. And your prophet said an angel touched him and said, "Get going, boy. Lord, would you just touch him and may there be an awakening and an awareness of his need in Christ Jesus?" Also for brother David Daniels and his relative, Lord, I pray God that you will undertake in your own special way. You're the great physician and you can create and lord do whatever is needed to put body, spirit, and soul back together for the glory of God. We're here on Father's Day. The world calls it Father's Day. So, heavenly father, we glorify you today as we do day by day. And we pray, Lord, that you will bless the father of this work here, Lord. Brother Biscll, a man of God, a pastor, one that has been used and led by the Holy Spirit. I pray Lord, you will strengthen him, that you will anoint him, that the word of God will infold him, that you will strengthen him to speak words of life to each and every one of us that has joined together. Lord, brothers and and sisters that have tied in on way of the internet, may it be a special day as we Lord look to you to speak to every heart. We commit now this service to you in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Why don't you have your seats everyone? I'd like to make a couple of announcements. Maybe you can start playing. I'm amazed that he loves me. I'm amazed. Well, there's a couple of uh events that have taken place while we have been um under the order of of British Columbia's disease and whatever they call it. We've have two additions to the body here at Cloverdale Bible Way. And maybe the first uh slide goes up. It's Tim and Jessica Andy's wish to announce the arrival of their baby girl. And so I'm sure it's a special Father's Day for brother Tim and sister Jessica. The baby's name is Liberty Dawn Andes. Born at 12:50 a.m. June 12th, 8 o 8 lb 10 oz and 20 in. That's all the data for the sisters. So God bless the Andes home. Brother John is becoming a I told him I says you're you be you you obviously been a grandfather and now as they numbers add you're becoming a great grandfather. So God bless the Andes clan and and what God's added to them. Next is David and Linda Adamora. God's blessed their home with Hannah Adamora and born Monday, June 15th at 7:38 a.m. 7 lb 4 oz. The height of this baby, they not say length, the height of the baby is 19.5 in. Well, we're we're thankful for healthy babies and healthy mothers. We're thankful for what God has done within the in the church. So, God bless you and and thank you for uh allowing us to see faces that we wouldn't be seeing for a long time. Well, now we're going into another phase. You notice in the church here, isn't it nice to see one another? Now, I used to always say, why don't you just turn to the left and look at brother so and so and look to the right. Well, you can do that today. For those that have joined with us, our our family at Cloverdale Bible Way, we are implementing um a part of the next stage. We are allowed to have of course 50 here and um a portion of that 50 is used up with all the precious technical brethren that have labored and musicians that have labored over these last few months and um without their families and they've been here sometimes 6 to 10 hours in the day. They'll translate what they've been translating brother Biscll's testimonies and um been without their families for such a long time. And we thought, well, if we move the phase forward, we would love to have those that have been a part and making all this possible by the way of the internet have their families with them on Father's Day. So, if you see a few faces in in the in the pews, it's because we're going to the next phase. So, we're going to by God's grace, we're going to uh have 35 to 40. So, in the local assembly here at Cloverdale Bible Way, we're going to, Lord willing, have 50 at the um at the uh Bible Way Christian Academy at the gymnasium and we will have a screen and and they will be tying into the internet, but so uh they can gather there and we're working with Mount Baker Bible Way Camp Chapel. The camp has been officially closed. It's closed. We are not having camps but uh Governor Eninsley I believe it is in Washington they're moving to phase two. So uh brother Jonathan Frey and the different brothers are working uh with our brethren here so that they can gather at the chapel on the services on the state side. So the brethren brothers and sisters uh on the in Washington we will be letting you know how we're moving forward. So, we're we're going to be um actually sending signal to the camp and receiving s signal from the camp and that's going to be our challenge because then if brother John is ministering, we'd like him to minister at the chapel at Mount Baker and then you can have um whatever numbers they are allowing us apparently we're working with 50% of the allowable assembly and so there's different rules and hurdles we have to uh abide by and we we're abiding by every order that is given by whether it's the state of Washington or the uh province of British Columbia. So being that we are implementing now phase two, the challenge is now to make this work and people feel comfortable. So there will be rules, there will be regulations, some um there'll be handashing, there'll be social distancing, there will be masks that need to be worn. It's not going to be like what we're normally used to. You can't hug, you can't sisters can't hug each other, brothers can't hug each other. Uh you can't shake hands. There will be uh sanitation stations. Um we will be abiding on uh entry to the uh buildings and exit to the buildings. So all these details need to be addressed and um we're going to be taking our our steps forward this week. So don't get all excited and say, "Oh, next Sunday we're going to all be um going to church." Well, there will be portions of you and brother Michael is working with a system right now that you can come to church. It's your turn to come and then you won't be at church maybe for the next time, but you'll be maybe rotated to the gym if you're at the assembly and at the camp that you'll be take given also a ticket or however we work it. So that you'll probably miss maybe a service and maybe you won't depending on what our numbers are. So bear with us when we're trying to figure this all out. Don't jump the gun and say we're going to church on Sunday. You'll be notified by Cloverdale Bible Way office. Whoever's in the office, they'll be notifying you that you'll be will be able to go forward. So if you don't hear from the office, just will continue the way we are. It's a big undertaking and we're just so looking forward to being together. And so today, we've been blessed to be able to have uh those that have been working at the church, their families here on Father's Day. We're blessed to know that you are hearing and the word of God, our pastor will be speaking on this day. And I my heart's thrilled and in anticipation to hear what the word of God has got for us this morning. So, uh if you've got any questions whatsoever regarding this, don't uh jam our phone lines up. We'll be contacting you when we are moving forward in a certain direction. We just want everybody to know we are working the hardest we can so that you can get together with people you have loved and have worshiped with these many years. So, however it unfolds in the next week or week or two, we will um we'll be announcing that to you and thank you for your patience. I mean this has been a trying time for everyone and you've done marvelous but now it's time to have some church. It's time to be with people to worship the true and living God in this great unveiling of God. So our deed the details will be passed along to you via the office and just pray for us that God will give us uh proper guidance on how to do that. So that is my announcement and uh I I I would like you to pray for uh brother Michael. He's doing a lot of juggling in how this is all going to unfold. But I believe in the next few weeks or so we'll be having a wonderful time in the presence of God. Not by ourselves in our homes even though we've been enjoying that but now with a a group of people that God has called us to. So God bless you. Happy Father's Day to all the fathers and may you have a wonderful day in the presence of our Lord Jesus. God bless you brothered that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood I found pardon. Brother Michael, why don't you come? And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. [Music] &gt;&gt; My goodness, is it good to at least see your face this morning. Welcome to the church this morning. We have a little bit of a different special this morning. That's why I'm up here. I'm not singing a solo. I uh I did that. You'll see uh when we have the special. It's going to be on the screen. But uh I am not a soloist. That's what I found out. Singing a song all by your lonesome is brutal. But uh um this morning we're the special today is a little bit of a tribute to fathers. Um, and it kind of came out of a Marco sent me the link to a song and he said, "This this I think is going to be an anthem." And uh, we listened to it. I said, "Yeah, that's that's a good song. That's an anthem song." And uh, and so as we were just listening to it, then my wife says, "Well, that's a good Father's Day song." So then I thought about that a little bit more and that was at the beginning of the week. And brother Ryan, we've been trying to do a little bit of a virtual special and uh, so we just threw all those thoughts in one bag and shook it up. And this is what came out uh over the last couple days. But um there's been a lot of men, a lot of fathers, whether they're your father or just uh a brother or someone in your life that's been really a standard bear uh through through your life and they've really uh helped you and you've someone you've respected. And this is what this song is, too. And it uh I told I told my father this morning, I said, "If there's if if no one else was sitting here, this is this is for me to you. This is me to you." And um and I know brother Tom's mentioned we have our pastor who's been a spiritual father for many of us and and uh so this is just a dedic just dedicate that to each one of those special people in our lives that uh they've given much and so this is just an expression of our of our love. I want to thank everyone that worked over the last 24 hours because that's about what we did. Um a big undertaking. Brother Ryan is was a huge part. We're up late late on a couple nights, but so we hope it's a bit of a blessing to you and uh enjoy the enjoy the song in a bit of a different fashion. So the brothers can cue that up and uh bring the faders up and we'll enjoy the song this morning. [Laughter] [Music] He was awake before the sun with his Bible opened up, seeking truth. With every single page he turned, anyone could see. My daddy lived what he believed. With a gentle heart, a passion for Jesus burned. I know we had our times we disagree. But the longer I live, it's clear to me I want to be that man. [Applause] who loves the Lord with all his heart, just like the word commands. Who takes a stand and leads his family as he holds the father's hand. I want to be that man. Society [Laughter] [Music] would say there's a new ideal today. Not what you give. It's more about what you can gain. But I want to live a life marked by sacrifice like the Savior who died to show us all the way. So I'll take up my cross and trace his steps. Surrendering is how I'll serve him best. I want to be that man [Music] who loves the Lord with all his heart just like the word command [Music] and he's hold I want to be that Just like Peter B and all the saints of days gone by. Let me show the kind of faith to those who come behind. I want to be [Applause] Yeah. [Music] [Applause] I need your I want to be [Applause] I [Music] want to be there. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Wow, that's amazing. We sure appreciate all the effort and the work that went into that and just see it come together and praise to our fathers and to our heavenly father most of all. We're so thankful for that. Now, I'd like to invite our pastor, Brother Ed, to come and minister unto us. And I just feel like we want to maybe stand together and just sing together. I pledge allegiance to the Lamb. I pledge allegiance to the lamb. With all my strength, with all I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alce to the lamb. [Music] I have heard I have heard how Christians long ago were brought before a tyrant throne. They were told that he would spare their lives if they would renounce the name of Christ. But one by one they chose to die the son of God. not deny like a great angelic choir sings. I can almost hear their voicees ring. I pledge allegiance to the lamb with all my strength. With all I am, I will seek to honor his command. I pledge alce to to the lamb of God to the lamb of God who bore my face. You took my place and all my shame. I will sing to honor his command. I pledge alleus. [Music] I'd like you to sing to be like Jesus. [Music] all my Lord to be like him all through life's journey from earth to glory. Glory. I only ask you to be like him. Amen. Thank you, brother Nathan. God bless you each one. Thank you for being here. And we want to say greetings to all of those that are streaming. And we know there's many more out in their homes and streaming out in other places. And we just say God bless you. We're so thankful to be able to do that. Uh I'll have you take your Bibles if you would. And I want to thank you. Thank the musicians. We we're done now. I will have you turn to uh Matthew the 11th chapter and I want to start there. uh the service I would like you to pay strict attention and if you haven't got uh a pen maybe you could borrow one from someone and find a piece of paper I trust you'll have one and uh what I'd like you to do today is and you in the homes you have a better opportunity to get a piece of paper and have it with you. And I would like to ask you, especially young people, if you, my wife said, well, a lot of the young people make notes. Well, it isn't just to make notes, but it is to put a question down that you might have a question or you might have uh I might say something and then you'll catch it right away. We're going to catch it right in the first part of the reading of the scripture. And um because even if you put down something that just speaks to you or something that you can think about uh or something that you don't understand then uh or just how it connects because I am I'm speaking about things that I have thought about for a long time a lot of s and uh so now I want you to receive the most and the best out of everything that is said and done. And uh when I saw the screen and you know it it came out and I see four or five people singing maybe sing or more six or more singing. I thought, "Well, why don't they just plug me in there and then and then I could be done. I'd be done by the time they're all finished and I'll be done, too." Well, it just doesn't work that way. Everybody has to do their part. But I would like to be the man that could put all that together. And so God bless our technicians for putting that together. Thank you, brother Tom, for greeting our fathers. And I thought of a scripture which I I think of it often. And I think of it every day when I awake and I think I'm so glad that we can say our father which art in heaven hallowed be thy name thy kingdom come. That's those are the most priceless words that we can say. Our Father, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. It's the greatest thing we can do. And so I'm going to be reading out of Matthew the 11th chapter. if you'd like to turn to it. And what I would like to do today is I'm going to read a number of quotes and I'm going to have a number of slides up. And the reason for the slides is because I want to emphasize sometimes just a word, one word, it'll change the entire concept of of uh when was it that he said that? Uh and and why is he bringing it that way? And then you'll find out that he did it with Abraham and then he did it when he was here on earth. And then you'll find he did it in the prophets's ministry. And it's when you start seeing that uh it's not something to be idle about. It's not something to be casual about. Saying, "Well, I'm trying I think you're trying to say something to us, &gt;&gt; and that's where I'm really at." And that I'm being honest with you. That's that's where I as a as a father as someone they say well you've had such a vision and and uh well all of that but that came from someone and he had to put it in a person's heart and had to gather others around that would be there to assist you otherwise you never never ever come up with it and Uh, so you just see all the all the people singing and all the people contributing and I'm sure there's many hearts of fathers that's welled up with thanks but thanks thanks to who? Who brought this about who did this? It wasn't it wasn't our good doing you know that sometimes we didn't even know as fathers we don't even know what to do or in the present situation we don't know what exactly what to do but God still leads his dear children along some might be in prison some might be in in persecution some might be in great need and uh we're so thankful we have a God that remembers us. And when I speak of need, you know that in the last two, three weeks, we had our brother, our p our deacon brother Leon Garling Garin uh they had a fire and he lost everything, lost his tools. Well, the people of the church as soon as it was announced came together and brother Norm and Sister Louise Woods gave craftsman's tools and said, you know, uh, take what you need and just they're brand new in the cases and just take what you need and you know, we'll take back whatever you don't need and and And we just through press pay or whatever. I have never used press pay in my life, but um punch pray or you want to be able to pray when you when you push that button when you touch it. But uh people for um they gave over $4,000 in just a few days. So, brother Tom said, "Would you like to give it to brother um Leon?" And I said, "Well, yeah, I think probably so, but uh let's leave it till the weekend." That's this weekend. And by this weekend, I I drove over to his house yesterday and gave him $8,250, which just came into the office. Nobody made any big plea or any. And uh so he has enough to buy his his used pickup which he had in the place and he has enough to buy some tools as well. And I said, "You can just go and buy what tools you need, what tools you want." And apparently there's others here in the congregation that gave gifts of money. And he told me uh something about that. And so uh I just said, "Well, that's that's really wonderful." You know, it's really wonderful that people of the congregation, if we all suffer, it's not just some words. It's it's something that comes from the heart. And uh and here here here are people who have given I'm looking at tools, brand new, beautiful tools and craftsman tools. And I didn't even know they had given them. But here it's been given to the people by the people. So we want to thank God for for that. Let's just have a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, you are our father. And we say uh with our Lord Jesus who has instructed us, our father which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. And we say with full desire, "Thy kingdom come and thy will be done." Whatever it is, it's not our will, but thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Oh God, take your word this morning. Give us understanding. We pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. in the 11th chapter of Matthew, I'm I'm going to start to read at the 20th verse. And uh and I'm going to emphasize the the first word. Uh I excuse me. I have a lot of different notes here and uh so as the 11th chapter and the 20th verse 1120. Then began he to upgrade the cities wherein most of his mighty works were done because they repented not. Uh I want to emphasize the word then. It's not before. It's not the day before. It's not the week or two before. It is now he is going to upgrade the cities where most of his mighty works were done. And uh when most of his mighty works were done because they repented not. Woe unto thee Charisen. Joine, I think it is. Woe unto thee, Bethesda, for if the mighty works which were done in you had been done in Ty and Siden, they would have repented long ago in sackcl sackcloth and ashes. Really, they would have if they had seen those works. And if we bring it forth to to this day, I'm going to be uh having you read with me several quotes. I'll have it on the screen. We have had one of the most outstanding when now you young people you listen. I was 14 when I said, "I have never heard I've never seen a man that has talked to an angel." And in a few minutes, he came out and he was standing like I'm standing at this platform and you're standing where you are. I was down two, three seats from the front and I thought, I want to get as close to this as I can. Nothing's ever changed. Nothing's ever changed. If I were some of the cities and I I saw where brother Brandham was in Phoenix and Phoenix and Phoenix and Phoenix and he was in Shreveport and in Shreveport and Shreveport. If I were someone in those cities, I'd really be asking myself, what is my position about what he said here? Because then he began to upgrade and he be to correct. He begin to speak more harshly to these places. He said, "And if Sodom had seen these things, they would have repented in sackcloth and ashes." You mean to tell me that we've seen even things in this day? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; We've actually seen things. We've heard things. And it doesn't touch us. And if Sodom, Sodom and all of their evil vulgarity, if they had seen these things, they would have repented in sackcloth and ashes a long time ago. And uh the reason why I'm quite moved, exercised about this is because I think that we're going the wrong direction. I think that a lot of people who have heard the message, oh, they're in the message and they're I don't think so. &gt;&gt; I don't think they're in the message. I don't think they have the message in them. Uh there's a lot of people that I've heard, well, oh, they they just take things so glibly. It's just like I I have it. The world owes me a living. And and so I want us to look at it differently. And in this 11th chapter of Matthew, now I'm just setting a bit of a a course, but in this 11th chapter of Matthew from the 20th verse on down through, and uh he he is taking the same position. and then verse 25, at that time, not the day before, but at that time, then he had just upgraded these cities. And then at that time Jesus answered and said, "I thank thee, oh Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou hast hid these things." What was it? He hid the revealing of the Son of Man. He hid He hid that. He hid these things from the wise and the prudent, and has revealed them unto babes. Even so, Father, for so it seemed good in thy sight. So it seemed good that he would hide. I want to say just before I let you sit down, I think that the message, this is what I think. I think that the message which we call the message is is perhaps filled with secrets and there are some that are you know spending their time finding mistakes that whatever more I think they would do a lot better if they would find the secrets and the hidden treasures &gt;&gt; that are hidden in the scripture. scripture and and they're hidden in the Bible like I don't know if you've ever seen if it's ever ever registered in your heart but then Jesus began to upgrade this cities and which cities are they and then I began to read I can read it in the Old Testament and 3 4,000 years. I read it again and I can see it clearly and I say, "Here we are a couple thousand years down the road and we see exactly the same thing. We have the same ministry." And and it was Tommy Osburn that said at brother Brandham's memorial, he said, "Now, you won't see this again. &gt;&gt; Where where is this God that did these things?" &gt;&gt; Yeah. you won't see these things again. And how and do we have to have a a Pentecostal man tell the people you won't see this again? He said, "I saw it once and I just I just went and uh I used to give to Tommy Osburn's Tommy Osbbor's native evangelism because when I saw it, I said, you know, that makes so much sense. Send it to the native people. Send it to them. They don't have to have they don't have to learn another language. They don't have to learn how to sleep different or being in different have different food or whatever more. Just do it. And so I thought that's the way to do it. And when I was in Toronto, yeah, just a few years ago, I would gave and Tommy Osbborne came and and then I saw Brother Brandham when he talked about that and he said, "That's the way to do it." And I just thought, my what caused me to become involved in that way back then? And then then I can say, "He leadeth me." Amen. &gt;&gt; By his own hand he leadth me. And and I want to say to you that are here and to you that are streaming. You can say that because God, the God that you surrender your life to is going to direct your footsteps and he'll direct your decisions in a way that will mystify you on down the road. So God bless you as you have your seats. So Michael, you might have to I just use this. All right. It's hard for me to see that. Oh, look at this one right here. So, I have highlighted and so that you can then he began to upgrade. And the reason I want you to pay strict attention to that is I will be emphasizing some words and you think this is a school class. Well, it is and perhaps a lot more. And and I highlighted also most of his mighty works were done. That's Jesus talking. Jesus is bringing those and look because of those mighty works that were done. Woe unto thee Corazine. Woe unto thee Bethesda. For if the mighty works which were done in you had been done in Ty and Sidden, they would have repented long ago in sackcloth and ashes. And thou Capernium and I want to say the city of angels. I just saw on the on the internet. It was actually on a computer. I saw the riots because they played a documentary of the riots in uh Los Angeles and I thought city of angels. No, I thought it must be city of fallen angels. There isn't even fallen angels that act like animals. And it it was it completely the entire city was out of control. That's not that's not in some other country. That's here in America. And there's 300,000 uh 300,000 plus 350,000 Koreans that live in an area and they have stores and shops and markets and so on. And the people who didn't have any any connection with it at all, they tore into those places and threw things through the glass doors and the they called the military in. and the military couldn't even stop it and they burned up and and one woman while uh my wife was sitting there and I felt bad about it because uh uh the woman just cried and the black man came out against the black people and he said it's wrong it's wrong this isn't right this isn't right and and then if a minister gets up behind the pulp it and says city of fallen angels. &gt;&gt; They say, "Well, he's cuckoo something." Well, what are these people? What are they? &gt;&gt; This isn't We're not talking about something that's a long time ago. So, I'm preaching to you on Father's Day. And I'm I'm preaching to you something that happened in your time. This is just a few years ago, a very short time ago. and and uh uh uh a man by the name of Rodney King. He he was he was brutally beaten and so on so forth. This Rodney King himself got up before his own people and came right into the court and simply said this this isn't the way to act. This isn't the solution. even the man that was beaten up and the people want to detail every every aspect of it. Listen, I'm talking about real things and and I'm going to come to I'm going to come to rapture because I think that's something that's on everybody's mind, &gt;&gt; the rapture. So, I want you to listen to every word and if we get a little long, we'll just stand up and refresh ourselves and and carry on. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; All right. And at that time, Jesus answered, "At that time, after they had seen the great works, and these cities were in his mighty works had been done." At that time, Jesus answered and said, "I thank thee, oh Father, that you've hid these things. You've hid heaven and earth because thou hast hid these things. What did he hide? You know the thing that he really hid the he hid the coming of Christ, the recognizing of Jesus Christ. And I want you to hold that word because I'm I'm coming down to it in just a moment. Now this is 1964 Jehovah Gyra second part in in Louisville. Notice after the appearing of appearing in this name of almighty God, it was revealed to him that he was the allsufficient one. He had no helpers. He didn't need any any secretaries. He was alone. God he was God alone. And he appeared to Abraham. And now I'd like you to notice who he appeared to. He appeared to Abraham. I'm going to go back there. We're going to read in just a moment. In this name. And while he appeared to him in this name and Abraham recognized who he was, he changed Abraham's name. Now he's come to the fullness of believing. Now see where the church has come is 1964. See where the church has come. I hope you can read between the lines. Come up to the place where to where he's revealed to him who he was. Come up to the place. And friends, in this message right now that we have, we've had a ministry unlike any ministry. When have you had a preacher stand behind the pulpit and call people by their name and tell them where they live and tell them their house number? When have you had that? It's happened in We're not reading history now. We're reading your time. That's happened right in our time. That's happened to people. That's that's perhaps you haven't had it. I have had it. And I'm not someone that tells untruth. I'm telling you something that has happened in your time. This is the ministry that has taken a hold of your heart. And that's the same Holy Spirit that's taking a hold of your heart. And and because he is saying the same thing, he's desiring to reveal himself to you. And so he uses a a vessel and and that I will. I hope I hope I can speak to you plainly without having you feel that. So now he's he he we'll go back to the 18th chapter of uh of of Exod of Genesis. The 18th chapter of Genesis And we want to get the scene here. I hope you're feel fine. &gt;&gt; Okay, we just want to get the scene. And the Lord appeared. This is starting with verse one, Genesis 18. And the Lord appeared unto him in the plains of Mamor, and he sat and he sat in the tent door of the in the heat of the day. And he lift up his eyes and looked, and lo, three men stood by him. You know, I I had some problem. I don't have any problem at all. I just read it and say, "Well, that's what happened." They they they stood by him uh scientifically. How did it happen? I don't know. But, uh that's there was things that occurred while I was with brother Brandon. What happened right in this day. And there's things that happened in all kinds of these cities. And you you'll never never never ever be able to scientifically put it. Now, how how did he's sitting in his tent door and three men are standing by him in he he's sitting in the tent door in the heat of the day. And he lift up his eyes and looked and lo, three men stood by him. And when he saw them, he ran to meet them. Well, were they by him or were they just coming? And uh he ran to meet them from the tent door and bowed himself toward the ground and said, "My Lord, if now I have found favor in thy sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant." I just want to say to you when I've concluded maybe you will say you know I think it's time for brother Biscll to be put out to pasture but I want to jar your memory. Maybe you need to go out to pasture with me. It might there might be a whole lot more here. I'm I'm going to come down to a verse in just a moment. I'm just setting the stage right now. Let let a little water, this is verse four, let a little water, I pray you, be fetched and wash your feet and rest yourselves under the tree. None of this is staggering. None of this is earth shaking stuff. This is like the Sarapheneician woman said uh spoke to her husband. She said, "Can't we just make a little place for this man of God to rest?" Uh what different is that from the person you're looking at saying, "Uh, well, I I I live in the wilderness. I can take him hunting. I would like to just take him and his son maybe for a rest, but especially for this man of God. I don't know if he would even see the letter. I write and I I take a pen and I start to write actually a pencil I think it was. I write at a big old oak desk I picked up someplace and uh I I scratch this letter and while I'm scratching it I that you look at I scratch it and I say he'll never see he'll never get he probably gets a 100,000 of these a month. He'll never see this. And then events happen in our lives, earth shaking events. Well, then we I resign and within I don't hear for a year and a half and a a short time after I here I'm over here in Victoria going to the native Indian people because I think that uh there's something better. And so he says, "Let a little water be gotten you and and rest yourself. Wash your feet and I will fetch a morsel of bread and comfort ye your hearts. After that ye shall pass on, for therefore are ye come to your servants." And they said, "So do, so do as thou hast said." And Abraham hastened unto the tent, unto Sarah. See, there was nothing. There was there was no church. There was no big meeting going on. this has to do with washing your feet and and just we got a little water. We'll get a little water and and he's going to rush to his wife and said quickly uh make three measures of fine meal need it. He tells her how to do it and make cakes upon the hearth. And Abraham ran unto the herd, and fetched a calf tender, good, and gave it unto a young man. And he hasted to dress it. And he took butter and milk, and the calf which he had dressed, and set it before them, and he stood by them under the tree, and they did eat. Oh, this is a this is a fantastic supernatural event. &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; He doesn't even realize what's taking place. And maybe you don't realize exactly. Well, uh, we we come here to church. Oh, do you? And well, yeah, we we hear different ministers get up and and God uh seems to anoint them and and uh yeah, yeah, we've had pretty unusual. Uh a lot of churches haven't started this way, but this is this is different. This is God's way of doing things, and there's different people that he calls in. And it's amazing. Absolutely amazing. I look at at uh Sister Trace AU and Brother Murphy. I went to saw saw a man by the name of Tony Wong just the other day and he's going to help me with something. But when Tracy who's sitting here, you just see them sitting here. Well, I'm just reading about a man. He just ran to his herd to get some. He's He's gonna tell his young fellow, "No, just kill this calf." And and nothing is nothing is out of the usual. It's very very usual. Uh I hope I'm making sense to you. Sometimes I have to really think it over. and he said, "Well, I think I'll just go and shoot a rabbit so we'll have some meat." Well, that makes sense to me. I Well, you know, go and get a rabbit. And then you go walking down a path and and uh nothing really means anything. He doesn't want to go and get a rabbit and he goes over and sits on a log. Well, of course you sat on a log cuz it's right there. And I saw her over and sat on the log. So, we're we're expecting something great. Not not expecting anything great. And uh I was studying this for two three weeks. Therefore Sarah laughed within herself saying now she got involved with it. If you read the chapter before, you find Abraham's the one that laughed. &gt;&gt; And they said, "You're going to have a son by Sarah, and Sarah will give you a son." And he laughed. He fell on the ground and laughed. Am I reading the same Bible you read? &gt;&gt; It's the same Bible. Well, this sounds like getting ready for a a tremendous revival meeting. No, it's just ordinary stuff. This is what we do. But yeah, it's strange because somebody's come in into my life or into my domain or into my area and and Sarah laughed. And the Lord said unto Abraham, "Wherefore did Sarah laugh?" See, Sarah is the one that's going to bear the child. It wasn't Abraham that was going to bear the child. She is actually going to bear the child. And wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, "Shall I of assurityity bear a son which am old?" is and and and the answer is from the guest. Is anything too hard for the Lord? At the time appointed, I will return unto thee. At the time appointed, I will return unto thee according to the time of life. and Sarah shall have a son. I feel inclined to say to you at the time appointed this is this is exactly where God hid himself and the prophet of God said God was in a Christ was in Abraham. Oh, Christ was in Abraham. And Abraham is laughing at the, you know, even at the possibility that she will bear a son. And this is and and the one that the the messenger, the angel said. And uh excuse me for I I don't mean to make fun but I I want to bring it to realization. Abraham did not say, "Oh, this is incredible. I've got I wonder I wonder if this messenger knows my name. That didn't make any difference whether he knew his name or not. He's just saying he said to Abraham, "Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying shall I assurity bear a child which am old?" And he says, "Is anything too hard for God?" Now, I I preached on that just a short time ago. Is anything too hard for God? Is anything too outstanding? Is anything too supernatural for the Lord? At the time appointed, I will return unto thee. Well, he doesn't even know who he is. He's never never seen him before. He's never had this kind of visitation. And now he comes right to the point. Uh I'm sitting on a log and he comes right to the point. I was I was like that Abraham. &gt;&gt; Are are you listening? And he comes right to the point said, 'You know, today I was riding along behind Bud. Well, that's not staggering. Of course, you're riding along behind. And he came to me there. Oh, that's starting to be different. And I believe you have three questions you want to ask. He didn't say, "You've had these for a long time. They've troubled you for a long time." He didn't say to Abraham, "You've wanted this a long time and now you've gotten old and your body's dead." But way into the New Testament, 2,000 years later, Apostle Paul says he staggered not at the promise of God. of God. Was it God making the promise? Now, has this gone more more of a service, more of a service? This is God meeting people. This is God meeting an individual. This is God digging out the very ache of his entire heart. This is an entire being. He even has prayed. All I have is this Elizer. Who will you give me as a as a servant? Who who will I leave things to? Who will I leave my estate to? This is what he was concerned about. And now he comes right to the point and he says, "I will return to you according to the time of life." And I want to just say to you that very one that was unveiling the secret of his heart was unveiling the secret of my heart. He was in his tent door. He was in his element. He was in his desert place. He was in his tent door in the heat of the day. I was in none of that. I was up in the place I grew up in. But uh but somehow there was a similarity of events happening. And and Abraham was doing just what he could do. He was doing what he could do. I was doing what I could do. You're doing what you can do. &gt;&gt; And brother Ken is doing what he can do. He can teach a class. I can't teach the class. Uh, brother Kim Dingwald is doing what he can do &gt;&gt; and uh, you are doing what you can do. And brother Michael uh, you can you can put these things together and and I don't even know if you know where where the wisdom come from. And you brothers, brother Andrew on a camera or the brothers of musicians that play Brother Phillip and and Oruron and so on. You play the instrument. Maybe you're doing something that you can do and someone else is perhaps doing nothing physically, but you're doing what you can do simply by listening and hearing and questioning and saying, "Yeah, who is this? Who is this? Who's actually who is this troubling my sleep at night? Who is this that's talking to me? Who is this that's given me this desire? Who has led me to this place? And what is it? Because I'm barely scratched the surface of this message. He is wanting to make himself known to you, &gt;&gt; to reveal himself to you. And so he brought you to what we call a message, but he brought you to a place and you begin to hear things and you begin to read a rapture message which I will talk about in a few moments. Are you getting tired? &gt;&gt; No, &gt;&gt; for sure. Now, I thought uh a few about a week ago or so, I began to think about the two worlds, the events. And here's here's Sarah, and here's Abraham. And these three have come and they're going to go on down to Sodom. And Jesus is going to come some centuries later. He is the one. He He is the He's the promised seed. And And the thing that's on this angel's mind is he's going to reveal himself to this Abraham, this uh chosen one. He's been elected. He's been called. He's You're going to have a son. And that son was Jesus Christ. And Jesus Christ was the promised son. He didn't come through an older woman or an older man. He came through a virgin birth. But always there was some some things attached to it that was funny, strange. Virgin birth that you've never known a man and and uh you believe that? That's crazy for people to believe that. Well, we believe that he was virgin born. He was the virgin born. You believe that he lived and he died on the cross? Well, other all kinds of people died. Another man was dying with him and he said uh to the other man that was they were partners in crime. And he says we suffer justly for our sin. We've done things. We've been bad people. But this man hasn't done anything. What's happening? Something's happening. And he he he's on the right side of the Lord and he looks over and he says, "Lord, remember me when you come into your kingdom." And this man who never done anything but was gasping for breath the same as he is. And Jesus says he's just a different man. But this man he says now he says to him remember me when you come into your kingdom. And Jesus says today you'll be with me in paradise. Did that actually happen? Why didn't he tell him We'll get out of here. I'm going to get you out. That's what a lot of people would like to hear today. I'll get you out of this mess. I'll get you out of I'll fix everything up. No, he didn't promise anything. He didn't say he'll fix things up. He just said, "Today you'll be with me in paradise." And and and two, three days later, he emptied paradise. and took him out. But he never said anything about that. But do we actually believe that that's what happened? I want to Take it down to slide two. This is what I said about Abraham. Three things. Now this is the now this is the rapture message which we read. Three things happens. A shout, a voice, a trumpet has to happen before Jesus appears. Jesus does all three of them when he's descending. Figure that one out. A shout. What is a shout? What is the shout? It's the message going forth. First, the living bread of life bringing forth the bride. So, it's got to bring forth. The living bread of life has to bring forth. Now, just hold that a moment. You know, God knows how to hide. Some of you kids, you play hide and seek. Well, there's a lot of people seeking, but God knows how to hide. And he hid in the frail humanity. And he said to Abraham, "He's hiding. He's going to eat flesh of a calf and drink milk and eat butter. And he's going to not do anything surprising, but he's going to says, "I will return unto you." And what I'm saying to you, I want to say to this all the streaming congregation and all who ever will hear this. This God is not going to come in the clouds. as people have thought. He's not going to be depending on uh the music or the technology or all the things that go to make up our worship. He could come in the most unspectacular way. He could come in the most uh well unspectacular is a good word. He comes so ordinary people just wonder. I looked up a a man's obituary and that man stood beside me. He stood right beside me on this side when I was with brother Brandham in our hometown where my wife was born. That doesn't make it spectacular, but I'm happy for that in Dawson Creek. And we have a meeting. And do you know why we have a meeting? Well, I heard this man that you know he said that the angel of the Lord and I wondered if the angel of the Lord and Michael this will mean something more to you now. I was waiting for the angel Lord and then uh the people are singing. A few people a few more than are here. I love him. I love him. And he says, brother Bram says, "Do you love him so sweetly, so nice, because he first loved me?" And he cries out, "You'll not commit suicide, soldier boy." I thought, "Where does that come from? &gt;&gt; That's the devil talking to you. You'll go home and be a real man. I had experienced those things. What do you do with it? What am I supposed to do with that? I say if he ever lived, yes, &gt;&gt; he still lives. &gt;&gt; If he ever did that, he can do it the same way. If he ever spoke, he can speak to these people. He can speak to anyone. If he can speak to me, he can speak to anyone. &gt;&gt; He can say the same thing. He knows exactly what's the deep hunger of your heart. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; he knows that. He knows what it is in a lad. He knows what it is in an old man that's wanting to have a child. He understands all of those things. He knows the people who want to go to heaven. He understands that. And you've lived for it. You've lived for it. Oh, I just desire that I'll experience the change of this body. God knows that. &gt;&gt; He knows exactly what you have gone through. Oh, say my friends deny it and doesn't make any difference. The persecution that's associated with it makes no difference at all. Does he know it? He absolutely knows it. It was back there in Abraham's day. There he was in Jesus day. Exactly the same thing. And I will return unto you who and he so he said in this he appeared to Abraham in this name. And while he appeared to him in his name and Abraham recognized who he was. That's the key. The hearer recognized who he was that was speaking. And I knew that a man &gt;&gt; that had just got off a horse. I knew that a man that was going to shoot a rabbit if we saw one for me for camp. I knew that it was more than that. More than that. It was the same one that's talked to Abraham. It was the same one that was on earth. This was God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He had to know what was the deep thing of of my heart. Excuse me for being that personal, but he knew. And it says that Abraham recognized who he was. And if there's if there's anything between time, is there uh is there a difference of time? Oh, that was in that time element. This is in this time element. He changed Abraham's name. Now he's come to the fullness of believing. Now I trust that I have come to the fullness of believing. See where the church has come. I hope you can read between the lines. And I say to this church, I say to those that listen and are streaming the meeting, you're looking for something more than church. You're looking for something more than just good song leading. We have some of the best as far as I'm concerned. I just but I I listen to the songs and the song leading and the preaching of the word because I want this one who is eternal has no beginning and no end. I want this one who has guided guided me who has spoken. And he says, I hope you can read between the lines. I want to say to this people here, yes, I do read between the lines. And sometimes sometimes I think it's God. And you say, "Well, why sometimes?" Because sometimes it doesn't look like God. Sometimes it doesn't act like God. Sometimes it doesn't just fit your uh what do I say? It it doesn't fit how you have things figured out. But still on down the road, you'll find out, hey, that was that was a supernatural thing. &gt;&gt; Right. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; That that was God. That was beyond human humanity. But every time now I'm going to mention some things. That may be a little bit hard. Come up to the place to where he's revealed to him who he was. And when he changed Abram's name so that the promise could be fulfilled, so that the promise There are some things you're waiting for. Oh, I just long for a rapture. I just long. Some people talk about a rapture like an escape. &gt;&gt; It's an escape button. We're going to get out of here and we're don't not The rapture is not an escape. The rapture is going to happen when he has fulfilled everything. And one of the great things is he's wanting to reveal himself. &gt;&gt; That's number one. And number two is this is his secret. He wants to reveal who he is. And he wants number two, a group of people to recognize who it is that's talking. We just say, Sister Tracy, and you children of the Wong family and your dad's up there, you don't know what goes on in my heart, but I know God. This God, &gt;&gt; yes, &gt;&gt; this God that spoke even to myself, this God, he's not limited to places or people or anything. This God in simplicity, he he's the one who directs something. He says, "You know this God, he went to India. This God went to Africa. This God, he dealt with a boy on the Alaskan highway. This God, he's got time for that." &gt;&gt; Amen. And this God thought about China. This God thought about all of these people. And as this God, I talked to him. I said, I I don't have any of the oriental people in my church. It must be. And just before, you don't know this, Sister Tracy, but just before you and Murphy arrived, I was ready to leave because I said, "Surely this God is not going to leave all of these people without a without a a without an answer. Their cry there must be there must be a cry. This God hears that and here you come. You come just to be baptized and I don't even know it, but apparently you're going beyond from here. you just dropped in here to be baptized and you run into some people or somebody and he says, "I think there's a man there that'll baptize you." And and and I don't know. I don't know. And then the next thing I know is there's translations happening and and u pe people that you you have no way of knowing. What are you doing? Oh, it's being translated and it's going to China. There's people there that want to listen. There is. Well, I don't know anything. You might as well write that in the Bible because you cannot understand it. And what I'm trying to say to you and I will say to you, this God understands every detail. And this is his work. It's not a man's work. It's not a group of people's work. This is his work. This message is his message. He is the one that has supported it. And we don't have to make it work. It will work by itself. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I do. Amen. Now, God has a way of doing things and he never changes his policy. He never changes his looks like he's going to say policy or gain or program. He's the unchanging God. In Amos 3 and7, he said he would do nothing in the earth until he first revealed it to his servants, the prophets. And just as certain as he promised it, he'll do it, he has done it. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Amos 3:7. Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealth his secret. And I have it underlined. And you can underline that. He has a secret. He will reveal his secret unto his servants, the prophets. So, he's seeking to reveal his secret. God has a secret. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And he knows how to hide. &gt;&gt; Yes, he does. &gt;&gt; He hid in the frail humanity of Abraham. &gt;&gt; He healed. He re he he hid in the frail humanity of Sarah. He hid in the frail humanity of two people that laughed that they would receive a promised seed. He hid in the frail humanity of David. &gt;&gt; Yes. who saw a naked woman bathing and he desired to have a child of her and the child died. It was not born correct, you say. And God's going to use David. Furthermore, this God who you declare you serve, he's the one that said, "I'll raise up, &gt;&gt; yes, &gt;&gt; a kingdom to you, &gt;&gt; and that kingdom will never end. It'll never cease." &gt;&gt; You're listening close. And his secret is he hid himself so in the frailty of a man even David and David prospered and he was hidden in that he wouldn't use him to even build his temple. He thought, "I'll build his temple." And God said, "No, you'll not build it. You've shed too much blood. Your son will build it. Solomon will build it." Who can figure this kind of God out? Who can figure him out? I haven't figured him out. And here we said that well we have all the answers so we know exactly how the rapture is going to take place. And brother Bram says in the in the rapture message he said rapture is not even in the Bible. It's not the truth that's not in the Bible but the word that he said that's a word we just put in there. He says that what the Bible says is caught up. &gt;&gt; We are caught up and we we might be caught up in a in a certain sphere of excitement. Is this rapture? Maybe it's not. I don't think it is. But we're we're caught up. And I can tell you what you're caught up with. You're caught up. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; The fact that you've heard a voice. You've heard from some place &gt;&gt; that is not earthly. &gt;&gt; You've heard from some place &gt;&gt; that nothing changes it. &gt;&gt; People leave or people say, "I don't believe it anymore. And you feel sorry for them. &gt;&gt; Really &gt;&gt; feel sorry for them. I feel sorry for people that have not met. I can tell you one thing. I can tell you one thing. There will come a time. There is a time if you've never arrived to it. There comes a time in everybody's life. There comes a time when you need to know that everything is fine. Everything is all right. Yes. Yes, &gt;&gt; there's a there's a a a great place that equalizes everybody's position. In the rapture message, Brother Brandham said, "Now, this is it's significant to me, and I just reached down to you, especially you young people. I reached down to you. You know what it is to study. Now I'm I'm I'm speaking to you now. We've come through the church ages, but we're promised in the last days according to Malachi 4. You know that this friend of yours, and I consider myself your friend, I sat on the side of a hill. I sat on the side of a mountain, not far from where you were, Joanne, but I sat on the side of a mountain. and this prophet and I I at the time I don't even know whether he's a prophet. I don't know. I haven't determined a lot of things, but everything I've heard coming out of his mouth is true, true, true, true, true, true. It's absolutely true. Oh, I know that woman. I know this man. And I was telling you, I looked at at an orbituary. I just looked at the obituary because that man stood right beside me when brother Brandham is talking to a woman and he says he says over his shoulder like that the boy will be all right and this man some something goes by me something strikes me. I'm I'm I'm I'm hoping my words strike your heart. Something strikes me. And this man collapses and he's bent over and I I don't know what's going on. I I don't know. All I know is what I I know he's talking to somebody. I know that a something goes past me. I know that I'm in bewildered. I I don't I don't know what's happening. I know this man has collapsed and I know he's weeping. He's uncontrollably weeping. And I I you know what do you do when you're a person that you're always in command of things? Do I lay my hand on him? Do I comfort him? Do I put my arm around him? What do I do? This is This is totally mystery. You're not beyond that. I'm talking to you. You're not beyond that. What? What do you do? I'm mystified. And he stands up and nudges me. while the meeting is still going on, while the prayer line is still going on. And he nudges me and he says, "Brother Eddie, you see that boy down there?" A boy about 14. He said, "Do you see him down to the end of the line about two, three people from the line? I'm reading his orbituary just before I come to the service. I'm reading his orbituary. A man who lived, a man who taught uh people in Seattle and a man who traveled all over the world. Did he tell anybody that? Who talked to him? Who says the boy will be all right? That's my son. He's up for an operation this week. And I don't know if that son was all right or not. I don't know. But I know that was God that spoke to him. That was God that caused him to collapse. And no one can ever convince me that that was not God that talked with him. I will return unto thee. That God was returning to him. Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; That God. &gt;&gt; Now, he said, "We've come through the church ages and we're promised in the last days according to Malachi 4 that there would be a return again, a prophet in the land." That's right. Notice his nature. What he would be. what he would be like. He's always in the messenger Queen of Sheba. He said, "I come." And when he did, when he did come, the people did not recognize him. Oh, pray. Oh God, may we recognize you. They did not recognize him. He comes just exactly the way the scripture said that he would come. He come and he was the Jewish Messiah. And not only Jewish Messiah, he was the promised seed of Abraham. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So, here's a man standing on earth. Here's a man that you listen to. Here's a man. You hear the tapes. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You hear his voice. But I say it's different than any other man. &gt;&gt; It's completely different. &gt;&gt; And I would be something less than a man if I didn't say to you, I'm a man. And I will tell you, he has spoken. And I knew it was something more than a man in blue blue jeans. I knew it was something more than a man driving just a station wagon. So you say, "Well, who was it?" You answer it. &gt;&gt; Who is this that called you? Who is this that's doing these things? Oh, it's by accident. No, I don't think so. I think that for sure, for certain you are a You're desiring. You're waiting for, you're living for a rapture, a change. What's that going to be like? I don't I have no idea. I have no idea what it's going to be like, but I just want to emphasize something at this moment. And that is the timelessness of God. You have the ability to look back. You have the ability to look forward. This God that I'm speaking to you about this morning, he's not dependent upon those things or something has happened. Everything is in the present tense. Now, I'm just going to tell you why I can't explain it is because it's unexplainable. Brother Brandham couldn't explain it. And that is why somehow we're mystified by it. But in the in the message of Queen of Sheba, the Queen of the South, he said, "You don't understand. It's just not. There's no need of trying to explain it. It's in another world." And this is what I was coming to some moments ago. That world is right beside you. And it's important to recognize that, brother Nathan, the world that brother Brandon was in, this one that was speaking to uh speaking to Abraham and is speaking to you. He says, "I will surely return unto you according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son." The Bible says in Hebrews the 11th chapter, "And Sarah, she believed." There is something if you to ask her at that moment, do you believe? Well, I'm trying. I'm I I guess I do believe I I certainly don't doubt it. Do you believe this message? Yeah, I I do. I really do. Deep down in my heart. Do you believe this message? Well, there's nothing else. There is nothing else that's real. I believe it. All right. The Bible says, "By faith Sarah received strength &gt;&gt; to conceive &gt;&gt; and she brought forth the promised seed." That was it. That's all there is to it. She brought forth the promised seed. And now 3 4,000 years later, we have a man uh a hunter. He's just as common as an old boot, Brother Brandham. And he says, he says there's no use of trying to explain it. It's another world. It's something that God knows what was, what is, and what will be. Don't you believe that this God knows what was, what is, and what will be. We don't know what he's going to tell us. You have had this question. You are sitting here and you have at the present moment you have that question you wonder what will it be what will it be when we get over yonder I don't know what will it be has he has he in the past has he dealt with you in a way that you know no he has been very unusual unpredictable in a way that I can't predict it. But when it happens, is it real or is it ever real? Do I ever know it's real? When it happens, is it him? Oh, yes, it is him. Yes, it is. I don't doubt it at all. Well, what will it be like? I don't know. I don't know. Does it make any sense to you? I hope that does. In another message, be not afraid. Now, this is your messenger. He's saying it's another world. And you see people when they were little bitty children. Can you imagine seeing you and he sees you as little bitty children or something and you have to talk fast because you know you're standing here. Now figure that one out. You're standing here, but yet you're somewhere else. And you're talking to little bitty children and you're standing here talking maybe to an old person, but yet you're somewhere else way back somewhere else talking. And and I I feel I feel really a warning. Whatever you do, do not say, "Oh, that's fine. That was Brother Brandham." No, that'd be a big mistake if you do that. He was he was just talking maybe to someone and he's and the fact that he's gone God has sent this to this generation. The fact that he's gone uh uh way back and he sees little children. He's talking to a lady and I'm listening to her here. I'm listening to her here in this life. And he says, he says, "Can I tell it?" He's asking her, "Can he tell it?" Because he sees her as 8 years old falling down a well because you know you're standing here and you're somewhere else way back somewhere else talking. And when you come out of it, you don't know what you said &gt;&gt; till you listen to it on the tape. And it isn't human. It isn't a person. That's all. It's God. It's always right. And he promised that. And he just said, he stopped said perceiving their thoughts. Now you say, well, why am I so baffled? Because I'm baffled because the man who sang it is baffled. He can't explain it &gt;&gt; and we can't understand it. Even if he could explain it, it's impossible to explain. you young people, you you're going to figure everything out. You'll never figure this one out, right? &gt;&gt; You might have graduated or which we've just had a graduation time. You might have graduated. You might have gone on from there. You might be an intellectual person. Forget it. You won't figure this one out. You might be you might have an IQ that's way beyond anyone else around. But you won't figure this one out. This one cannot figure out this one that came in the heat of the day and ate milk and butter and someone sat under a tree and another man is there. It's God. God just chose to do that. God just chose this man. What if he chose you and said, you know, uh, you're going to be an elect one and I'm going to send I'm going to send a word to you and you know what? You're going to believe it. &gt;&gt; You're going to believe something you can't figure out. You're going to believe it. &gt;&gt; I am. &gt;&gt; You don't even know that you're going to believe it. You're not going to doubt it because I'm giving it to you. &gt;&gt; I'm doing that. It has nothing to do with you. &gt;&gt; When you say, "I'm going to believe that. Believest thou this." Well, I'm going to believe it. You don't have the power to believe it. You're going to believe something that can't be figured out. You're going to believe something that can't be explained. You're just I I don't know why I believe it. You just believe it. That's one of the hardest things to someone who's always been in control &gt;&gt; and you think, "I'll fix it." You fix it. You won't fix it. &gt;&gt; So, what do you do? You just say, "Well, I guess I'll just believe. I guess I'll just have faith. &gt;&gt; It isn't human. It isn't a person. That's all. It's God." How can you explain a being that never started and never ends and always is? How do you explain that? That's all. It's God. It's always right. And he promised that perceiving their thoughts. The scripture says this. I'm going to I'm going to test what if you believe this. The angels of God are encamped about those that fear him. So in another world where the five senses do not declare. Oh, I feel it. No, that's exactly where people got off and went haywire. So, well, I want to see something. You might see flashing lights and the next time you might not see it. You might see a dark cloud. People look at uh they look at the picture of him and the cloud and the thing that he did and so on and so forth. But can we just believe that we are to believe things that we can't see? We are to believe things that we can't figure out and it's just going to happen anyway. It's going to happen. &gt;&gt; I stood right here. I stood right here where this guitar is and just shooting through my mind came exactly what I should be asking for. And so I asked for it. I said, "That's what it'll be." And a man who's an unbeliever told another man who's paying him over a quarter of a million dollars. This man's from another country. And he stands here. I stand here and this this one I'm speaking about, this is God. He just flashes something through your mind and you know it's him and so you just move out on it and say, "Well, I guess that's it." And and and so I I I tell this man who's never been in this church doesn't confess this Christ at all. And I said, "Well, I was standing on the platform and this is what he said." And this man, he's been retained by another gentleman to to work for him. and he says, "Well, uh, maybe he'll he'll do something different." Speaking of me, he said, "No, I I don't think so. I don't think he'll do anything different." He said, "And and so that's it." And friends, so you say, "So what happened?" Well, exactly what he said is what happened. Isn't it supposed to be that way? I have I have been very very I'm going to close now but I've been very very uh affected by They been affected by the eternal aspect of God. You're just you're different. I've been affected by it. makes no difference. I've been affected by the people that God has used in the scripture. I'm affected by You read Matthew 1. You figure out Matthew. Matthew the first chapter. You figure it out for me. You just figure out who were the lineage of Jesus. You figure that one out for me. When you've got it figured out and you got you understand the mind of God, this is why he chose them, then then that'll really help me out. I find God using people and I'm finding in the Bible good people. Good people. And now I'm going to shock you. I talked to I I was reading just where brother Brandham talked to a man and he said I talked to him and he said he's he's really nice. This is something that I've struggled with. He said he's a nice man. Uh he said he's Muhammadan. Well, I don't have any fellowship with Muhammadan, but here he's this man that I call a prophet. He's he's with this man. He's a nice man. And the Muhammadan says to him, "But I'm not a I'm I'm not a Muhammad and you know I I'm a Catholic." And he didn't he didn't degrade him one iota that he said he's a Catholic. He said but but he said you know I and is explaining to brother Brandham he said but being Catholic Catholicism is just like it became a creed. Yeah. And brother Brandham agreed with him. Says well it that's what it is. It's a it's a creed. And brother Brown never tried to persuade him to believe on him, never tried to bring him into the message such and so I begin to question what about all this and one one says well I believe this and I believe that and I believe something else and and uh I believe I believe the message a certain way and I believe the message a certain way. I begin to wonder is there really value in that? Is that what we're supposed to do? Uh or are we just supposed to say well we believe the word. We believe what God has sent. How was it when Abraham got up and walked out of this tent in the heat of the day, this God that had just spoken to him and the man just left and he he went he said, "I'll take you on your way. So they look towards Sodom and there's that vile place and all the stuff that goes on and and now here's a man that just talked with God. Here's a man that just talked with God. Surely they must be eons apart. One's just talked with God. And here's people that are on their way to Sodom. And it certainly doesn't occur to them 2,000 years from now. 2,000 years from then, this same God is going to be right on earth. And the seed that they promised, the seed of the woman will be right there. And he's seeking to reveal himself and make himself known. And here's the seed that came by a virgin birth and just having all the trouble in the world causing the people to believe. Now, do they believe? Do they really believe or is it just to build a I I I read a book by Max Diamond and it's called the Indestructible Jews. But it says this. He says he might be the son of man. He might be Jesus Christ. He might be the Messiah, but one thing for sure, he's not a Christian. And I thought that is really and they were first called Christians and uh and then they begin to set things up and I don't know what happened after that but they that really struck me when he said he might have been the son of man. He might have been the son of God. He might have been the Messiah. And and this man's a Jew. I I don't know what his position is with God, but one thing he said for certain, he's not a Christian. In other words, he's not going throughout the land trying to make people Christians. He's not trying to get them to to uh uh to believe a certain belief. He's not trying to get people baptized. They came to John to to be baptized. So he they're not trying to get people persuaded a certain way or get their minds a certain Listen, one thing that we do not want to do. We do not want to get the people in expectation of a certain thing. It's going to happen a certain way and so on and so forth. We don't know. It's better that we say the will of the Lord be done. Not my will, but thy will be done. Oh, Father, I'm just here. I'm just here to do your will. Can we say that? Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's just pray. Heavenly Father, I think often of the prayer that Jesus prayed in the Garden of Gethsemane. If it be possible, let this cup pass from me. But if not, not my will, but thine be done. May these people, oh God, that are listening. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; May these people who have read these scriptures, may these people, oh God, who have heard this testimony also believe. Father, we believe with all of our hearts, thy will be done. It shall be done. You have said that the dead in Christ shall rise. We do not how, we do not know when, we do not know how, but we know for certain what you have said is the truth. Absolutely. The truth. We believe that you were b born. We believe that you lived. We believe, oh God, that you did exactly the things that are written concerning you. And we believe that you died and you rose again. We believe it, oh God. We believe it with all our hearts, Father. And one thing that we are convinced of when your messenger came and he spoke on believing your word and sang the song the chorus only believe. All things are possible. &gt;&gt; Only believe. Oh God. &gt;&gt; We make confession of that. But yet, Father, we pray that our faith will be unshakable. By faith, Abraham, by faith, Sarah received strength and she conceived the eternal son of God. We pray, oh God, that that this will be a reality to the people that have attended this service this morning and to those that are streaming the meeting. Thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Amen. Amen. Let's stand as we sing. I want to sing only believe. Only believe. [Music] [Music] Only believe [Music] all [Music] things are possible. Only believe. [Music] Only believe. Yes. Only believe. &gt;&gt; All things are are possible. only believe &gt;&gt; and let us sing it. Jesus is here because this Christ who I've spoken about, this Christ who is in Genesis, this Christ who is in Matthew, this Christ is present even at this moment, at this time. And there is not a person but what we are in need. And we say, "Oh God, you're the God that knows every single need and you know my need. You know where I'm at. And we pray, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ that you will do come amongst us and do what we have need of. Jesus is here. &gt;&gt; Jesus is here. &gt;&gt; All things are possible. [Music] Jesus is here. &gt;&gt; Jesus is here. Jesus is here. &gt;&gt; All things are possible. &gt;&gt; Jesus is here. &gt;&gt; All things are are possible. &gt;&gt; Jesus is here. Once again that line all things are possible. Jesus is here. &gt;&gt; And on behalf of our brother Ron Spencer we say all things are possible. Jesus is here. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. We give you all the gloryless &gt;&gt; in the name of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. We bless your name. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. You want to just pray? Ready? Amen. [Music] you open this mic and take brother Nathan's down just a tad. God gave us a Father's Day present this morning. First John said, "I write unto you fathers because you have known him that is from the beginning." It's the kind of message that there's more to it than what we've thought about. &gt;&gt; There's more to reach into the realms of God than we think about. And it's a challenging message. It's a a message from God himself. And not only does John say it once, he then says it twice. He said, "I write unto you fathers because you have known him from the beginning." And I believe our heavenly father has spoken to us this morning through our spiritual father that has known him and moving a church forward to say deeper in that holy life till I'm lost with Christ in God. It's not a surface message. It's not what you've conceived what this message is about. There's more to it than what you have have maybe even thought or or pondered. But now we just want to say after we've heard this kind of a message, Lord, I want to go into those deeper places that you've led our pastor that you're leading our pastor. And brother Bram said, what your pastor is the sheep will be. Then I say, Lord, help us. Move us from our carnality into that spiritual depth that this message holds. Let's just sing that deeper in that holy life and we'll close. [Music] Honey, do you know in that holy light [Music] until I'm lost with Christ in God [Music] with my blessing Lord Let this be your prayer now while I walk this earthly. Oh, let's sing it again. Oh, deeper in that holy love. [Music] Till I'm lost with Christ in God [Music] [Applause] with our blessed Lord. [Music] While I walk this earthly song, let's bow our heads. Father, what a word hidden. Came a time when that which was hidden needed to be revealed. Your prophet turned around and said, "God hid himself in a blade of grass." And you've hid it from the wise and the foolish, but you revealed it to babes that would learn. Lord, reveal your word to us as we heard this morning. May we not miss in the simplicity of how you're unveiling it, Lord, and it passes by. We heard a message, Lord, that's caused the inner man to think deeper, desire to see you more and to move into realms we have not known. So, as the pastor was just closing, sometimes we'll preach and we give a concept, but maybe that's not even the right concept. So help us be sensitive to catch the very thought of the concepts of God and move us Lord as you've moved a man of God this morning into a realm Lord Jesus that our soul longs for. And thus we sing this song deeper in that holy life. Let's not get Lord help us not get caught up in just the frivolity of life and the simplicity of just nothingness but let us get re caught up in that simplicity of God and show us who you are Lord. Bless our dear pastor, a man of God we have loved throughout the years and decades. Lord, guide us into channels and lead him as you would lead us. We want this kind of walk. Lord, it's not just something glibly spoken. It's something from our souls we cry out. So bless your children this day, Lord, as we ponder these deeper thoughts and move us into deeper depths. Bless the families today that attend this little assembly and around the world that have joined in. Bless us, Lord, and let the presence of God that's here now bathe us, guide us, and lead us. We pray in Jesus' name. In Jesus' name. Won't Let's sing a little little song. Won't you then walk with me, Jesus? Don't ever leave me alone as we walk through the days that lay ahead. Won't ye walk with Jesus. [Music] Oh, never me alone. [Music] Without you, I could never. No, never. Maybe my home. One more time as we get ready to leave. Oh, won't me walk with you, Jesus. Leave me alone. [Music] Without you, I could never. Oh, no. Never. Make heaven our home. God be with you. As you leave the assembly, just as we have been told that we have to stay within the boundaries, no shaking of hands. Just go to your car and look at one another and say, "God bless you." God bless you. Nice to have had you here. Any assembly that have joined in, God bless you. Have a blessed afternoon. You're dismissed in Jesus' name. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
