################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2020-04-12 - v20 0412 Is Anything Too Hard For The Lord Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2020-04-12
Title:    v20 0412 Is Anything Too Hard For The Lord: Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway, BC, Canada
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tkINaMY72v0
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Come on. Come on. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. This day, this glorious day. Oh, there's never been there's never been a day like this day to me. There's never been a life like this day. I see. There's never been a light that shines so bright as this day. This glorious day. Let's sing that once more. Oh, there's never been a day like this day to me. There's never been a day like this day. I see. There's never been a light that shines so bright as this day, this glorious day. Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. I want to greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ on this resurrection morning, &gt;&gt; the rising of the sun. Amen. Just want to publicly say I really really enjoyed the service on Wednesday that brother Michael preached and from shadow to reality and it's my prayer that Easter will arise. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; In every life &gt;&gt; in our hearts. Amen. That's what it's all about. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise God. I'd like to sing. Hosana. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Magnify the Lord with me. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, magnify the Lord with me for he is worthy to be praised. Oh, magnify the Lord with me for he worthy to be praised. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. All blessed be the rock of my salvation. All glory, glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more. Oh, glory, glory to his name. He lives and reigns forever more. Oh, oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh gyra is his name for Hebid is all my needs. Jehovah Gyra is his name for he proideth all my need. Ohana blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Give blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hallelujah. Praise the name of the Lord. Just love to bless the name of the Lord. Amen. Let's sing that little chorus. The tomb now is empty. The stone has been rolled away. Amen. The tomb now is empty. The stone is rolled away. And Christ is alive in my heart. And death which is conquered in me hath no heart. for Christ is alive in my heart. Oh, the tomb now is empty. The stone is rolled away and Christ is alive in my heart. and death which is conquered in me hath no part for Christ is alive in my heart. Oh, one more time. Oh, the tomb now is empty. The stone is rolled away. And Christ is alive in my heart. And death which is conquered in me hath no part. For Christ is alive in my heart. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. We have a couple of prayer requests that just like to read out. Sister Leverne Clemens has uh some symptoms of a stroke and weakness in one arm. So we just want to remember our sister Lever in prayer. Also, Brother Darren Hoffman's nephew, Noah Mley, is suffering from seizures. Um, while brother Darren was giving testimony Wednesday night, the enemy struck this young lad, I think he's 9 or 10 years old, with seizure that night and he's had four more since. He's in the hospital undergoing tests, but the cause has not been found. But brother Darren writes, "The devil can hide from the doctors, but he can't hide from God." &gt;&gt; And they'll be streaming this service this morning. So, we just want to bring that before the throne of grace this morning. Let's just bow our heads while they play this song softly. Lord Jesus, &gt;&gt; we love you, Lord. &gt;&gt; You're an ever, &gt;&gt; precious savior, living word, precious redeemer. So thankful Lord Jesus for you coming to this earth Lord and taking our place Father going to Calvary Lord being nailed to the cross. Suffering like no man has ever suffered. The great God of glory coming to earth to become one of us. and even lower, Lord, just as low as low could be to the lowest of the low. That Lord God, when you raised from the dead, you would raise us, Father, along with you, Lord. &gt;&gt; By your Holy Spirit, Lord Jesus, we are so thankful, Lord, for that great work of redemption. Thankful father that you fulfilled every scripture in the Old Testament. Lord &gt;&gt; was embodied in Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Jehovah of the Old is Jesus of the New. Oh, blessed be your holy name, Lord Jesus. We worship you this morning. We lift up your holy name in thanksgiving and praise unto thee, Lord. Let the lips of your people, Lord, give praise unto thee this morning, Lord, for resurrection, Lord, for power, Lord Jesus, for your Holy Spirit, Lord, for overcoming power, Father. Oh Jesus, lamb of God. We worship you and thank you. Thank you for the risen lamb. Lord, thank you for the revealing of your word. Father, let it be a risen in our hearts this morning. Lord, let there be a rising of the sun in every individual. Father, in your little bride around this world, Lord Jesus, becoming more like you, Lord, becoming that perfect reflection of you, Lord Jesus. Oh granted, Father, help us to surrender our lives Lord in every aspect. Father, be more sincere, more dedicated. Father, oh that you might have your way, Lord Jesus. Father, we bring these requests before you, Lord. Our sister Leverne, Lord, great stalward Christian, Lord, faithful servant of you, Father, a woman of faith, Lord, in need in her body, Lord. Though up in years, Father, you are still the same, Lord. She has re sent this request in Lord believing father in faith lord touch her father restore her lord Jesus and strengthen her lord god and for this young lad lord on Vancouver Island Lord brother Darren's nephew little Noah Mley Lord we pray for him father would you intervene in a special way. Lord, would you just take control of every situation, Father, every need in his body and restore his health, Lord. Father, remove whatever needs removing. Restore what needs restoring, Lord. Let his little body function normally. We praise. Oh, granted, Lord Jesus, we thank you, Father. We thank you for your promise, Lord. Have your way this morning, Lord. We're thankful for our pastor to speak to us this morning, Lord. Pray you'll strengthen him, Father. &gt;&gt; Use his lips, Lord. Help us to listen with a 10 of hearts and a tent of ears, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Oh God, that we might feed on the pure word of God. The mana, the living mana, Father, that's changing us from mortal to immortality. Father, have your way, Lord Jesus. We worship you, we praise you, and we thank you &gt;&gt; in the precious and holy name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We'll sing one song and then I'll ask brother Biscll to come and minister. Could we sing Majesty, worship his majesty, oh majesty, oh worship him now. Worship his majesty. Unto Jesus be all gloryy, honor and praise, majesty. Kingdom authority flows from his throne unto his own. His anthem raise. So exalt, lift up on high the name of Jesus. Magnify, come glorify Christ Jesus the King, his majesty. Oh, worship his majesty. Jesus who died now glorified. King of all kings. So exalt, lift up on high the name of Jesus. Magnify, come glorify Christ Jesus the king. Majesty. Worship his majesty. Jesus who died now glorified. King of all kings. Time is filled with quick transition at first. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you each one all those that are gathered and are streaming the service. We want to speak especially to you and uh we're so thankful for this beautiful resurrection morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. Uh on this Easter day, uh my daughter picked me up a short time ago and said it's cloudless. And so I looked uh at the great panis pan panoramic view here right to Mount Baker. So those of you that are at Mount Baker, God bless you. And God bless each one that is gathered in their homes and those that are gathered here. We're so thankful for you. Each person uh playing their part and doing their duty. May God eternal God bless you is my prayer. And I want to on this Easter resurrection day, I want to especially um send greetings. and I feel as though I'm in Switzerland. I just felt that way this morning. Uh I I was thinking of each of you and uh my heart was so fixed on on uh just being connected with you. And I I began to feel as though I was there and you were here and there was no separation. there is no time zone and I want to speak a little bit about that a little later on. But to those that are in Switzerland and uh those that came up from Belgium to the meetings for the last 12 years and Germany, Croatia, Italy, Russia, and China, I want to send greetings to the saints in China. three or four of the brothers are uh am in their isolated but not so much willingly but they're isolated for this gospel's sake and we want to remember them today. God bless you brothers in China and all the saints that will hear this streaming. We say praise God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We're so thankful. And the one brother said he was so thankful he was able to suffer. My my wife when once when I was incarcerated uh for several days, but my wife just was filled with such joy to think that we could join the host of the saints down through the ages that have been uh suffered much persecution. And we're thankful for that. Amen. Amen. So I want to greet our dear brothers and sisters in these various countries which I have mentioned in other countries. Uh, one of the first texts I received just the other day was from Moscow and they had saying the first episode uh of of my testimony which is uh has been done by we say the two Michaels Michael Ray of Cloverdale Bible Way and Michael Dexter and down at brother Tim Puitz. He's brother Tim Puit's son-in-law. And I would like to say and expressed my thanksgiving because if these two brothers had not taken a hold of it, it just wouldn't be what it is. And I want to thank you &gt;&gt; from the depths of my heart. It'll be a blessing. There has been hundreds already that have signed on and and it's of course it's free as the word of God is free and so this is my testimony of the things that have happened and we want you to be benefited by it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Uh I I pray that the very presence of the one who has met may as it were and uh did special things. I believe that those special things and those words that were spoken were spoken for this time and for this people and for you. God bless you is my prayer. Um, I want to specially greet brother Fras and sister Susan Lipar in they've uh, Brother Fraswa has pastored in in uh, Switzerland for many many years probably between 30 and 40 years and I want to thank you for your contribution and what you have done and uh, I I greet also brother David and sister an Mayor and God bless you. I think of your parents that have come up from Belgium to be at the meetings and how brother Mayor Senior was always to our room with lots of things to fruit and and things to drink and what you might need. So I want to send greetings from this church to the saints there that have gathered in whatever rooms you are able to be in or home at your homes or wherever you are. Uh we send you greetings in the mighty name of our Lord Jesus Christ. And I speak for brother Tom Ray, uh, here at Cloverdale Bible Way, uh, Brother Tim Dodd, Brother Murphy Wong, who is translating this service right now into Chinese. So I pray your blessings uh upon them as you pray for them and upon all of these brothers uh brother into Croatia uh the the brethren there have a have a setup brother Jonathan Larga God bless you and you have your own uh group of people that are tuned into your own server and I pray it'll Oh, far and wide and that you'll be able to use these episodes also of the testimony and the service today. Uh, brother Daniel and Sister Ly Colon Bruner. by how you labor and uh this year uh because of the present situation. The convention there has been cancelled but the people are connected and I pray that God will bless this connection and bless the people as they hear all of those that were involved in the translations and in the streaming work. And brother Daniel, you labored so much in the music and and then your brothers, some of them were uh song leaders and those that were worship leaders also, brother Jean Jacques and Sister Marinette. Uh God bless you and we love to be with you. We miss you very much. Uh brother Gerard and Sister Angela Michel, God bless you. We would not have been in Switzerland had it not been you come and pick us up and uh take us to your home and give us a bed to sleep in and a food to eat. God bless you is our prayer and we we delighted in having you here and we trust that that will happen again very soon. God bless you. And we want to speak of the others, brother and sister Colen Bruner, senior and brother Garrett Rodald that was at the meetings there in Germany how we thank you. And you had Sister Biscll tell her testimony. Actually, I must make a confession. You asked me to ask her and I, Brother Colin Brunner, I didn't do that. I I thought, well, I'll leave it to you. And I did not ask her because if I had asked her, she would maybe not have done it. But you so gracefully asked her and your wife asked her and uh had the chairs sitting up on the platform and my daughter Linda Ardal uh her husband is here with us now. And I am so thankful that she was there to be with her mother to give her encouragement. And what a beautiful thing it was. And brother Coen Bruner, how you said to me that was the icing on the cake. Well, I I mentioned that to her and she appreciated that so much. God bless you. And uh so we have so many that we wander, but we just say our heavenly father knows all that were engaged to make the meetings in Switzerland so special. And the brothers from here have been there and have participated and and brother David Mayor has been here and participated in the camp meeting and we appreciate that so much. We've been blessed by the ministry and blessed how these nations have come uh very close together and the people and the believers have become very close together. Our heavenly father has seen that. &gt;&gt; But there's a greater gathering coming and we will all be there by God's grace. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Our brother Fran, our brother, pastor Mariano from Italy sent greetings and he sent us a message. All is well. &gt;&gt; All is well with them down in Polarmo, I believe it is in Italy. and uh he was on the phone with my wife. So I want to extend those greetings to you also uh brother Mariano in Italy. God bless you. Now if I may take your time this morning, I want to uh have you read some scriptures with me. And if you have a few moments, just grab a piece of paper if you would have a pen or pencil handy because you will want to make references uh of the many quotes which I have of different places. And I would like to uh express to you uh my joy in being and presenting this to you on this special Easter resurrection day. And I'm mindful too how everyone globally, not just here, but globally in many countries, you are isolated in your home, but you're not isolated from the Holy Spirit. He's present not only with you but to give you the same uh presence and the same feeling that we have here in this in this sanctuary today. God bless you is our prayer. I would like you to take your Bibles if you would and please turn to Genesis the 18th chapter and we'll read from the 9th verse. We'll read from the ninth verse, but I especially want you to uh watch the 13th and 14th verse when we come to it starting at the ninth verse. And they said unto him, where is Sarah? Unto him which was Abraham. They said unto him, "Where is Sarah, thy wife?" And he said, "Behi, behold, in the tent." And he said, "I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life, and lo Sarah thy wife shall have a son." And Sarah heard it in the tent door which was behind him. Now Abraham and Sarah were old and well stricken in age, and it ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women. Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After I am waxed old, and I shall I have pleasure with my Lord being old also. And the Lord said unto Abraham, "Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I of assurity uh bear a child which I'm old, and and is anything too hard for the Lord? At the time appointed, I will return unto thee." The angel of the Lord spoke to Abraham, I will return unto thee according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son. Then Sarah denied, saying, I laugh not, for she was afraid. And he said, Nay, but thou did laugh. Now I I want to ask this waiting congregation and the streaming congregation in whatever country you are in or whatever country you will hear this in. I think that the this is and I want to stress this uh this is a very special moment because the angel of the Lord has said I will return unto thee according to the time of life and Sarah shall have a son. That's verse 14. and he said, "Is anything too hard for the Lord? At the time appointed, I will return unto thee." Now, I want to ask uh all of those that go to this assembly and are listening this morning, I want to ask is the miracle is the great miracle of that angel is the miracle that uh that he would return or is the miracle that she shall have a son? Which one of those two? Because when he said, "Is anything too hard for thee?" Brother Brandham had an experience and I quote this some time ago. I was speaking on that and a preacher wrote me a letter. He said, "Brother Brandom, get next to yourself." He said, "You mean to say that that was God?" I said, "It was God." Well, then how did he get there? Now, a preacher, &gt;&gt; here's a man who understands the scriptures. &gt;&gt; And his question is not was she going to have a son? His question was, "How did he get there? How did this angel of the Lord get there?" And brother Brennham said, "Well, he did just get uh and he he didn't complete the answers." And you will you will get it as I move along in the quotes a little later on because he said you cannot take you cannot teach Pentecostal babies &gt;&gt; supernatural things and this was beyond the human language. This was even beyond explanation. &gt;&gt; This is something that could not be explained. How could uh how could an angel from the Lord uh tell what was in Sarah's heart in the tent door behind him? And and now now we have a messenger that was here and I happened to be in two of the meetings when this actually took place. And he turned his back. He said, "I will turn my back." Now, you will hear when I'm reading and you'll have the references. That's why I want you to have a pencil and paper with you so that you can reference the quote and go back to it and ask yourself the question. Then God now I'm going to make a statement just now. God had him and directed the messenger of this age to turn his back to the people and would look up. He did it in Port El Bernie and he looked up and he said, "There's a paralyzed man and there's a man praying for him. He's paralyzed." I knew that man. And the man sitting right beside me had visited him that very day in Port El Bernie. But I had visited him in his daughter and son-in-law's home up in a house, which was an island up on the west coast that had about 500 native people living right there. And he was he was there in a a shanty beside connected to the house. It was a kind of a where they had the wood a wood blocks and wood wood stored there and he had been laying there. He was paralyzed from his waist down and brother Brandham has turned his back to the audience and he said he's paralyzed. there's a man praying for him and uh he said and the brother sitting right beside me had visited him that morning and I had I knew he was up in a house this island and the brother sitting right beside me knew that he was right there in Port El Bernie that day and there were other brothers in that meeting that knew that they had taken him that day, that afternoon to Nanaimo. And here, Brother Branam is turning and looking up at the gable end of this auditorium and he's saying, "I'll turn my back." Which he does. And he says, "There's a man praying for another man that's paralyzed." Well, I knew right away that that was brother Jacob's up in Port El Bernie, up in a house and other brothers knew that he was right there in Port El Bernie because they had visited him. But he had been moved that afternoon, that very afternoon. and this and brother Brandham the angel of the Lord says now he has he's not here in this place he's in Nimo he had been moved to the Indian hospital in Nimo that very afternoon and brother Brandham and I'm standing I'm on sitting on the platform actually and he turns right around he says isn't at right fright, brother Mike. And it was all over for me. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; It was all over right then. Now I want to say something to this congregation. &gt;&gt; What time zone were they in? &gt;&gt; There's only one. It's a it's called I don't know whether this is scientific or not but there's a singular zone and it's called eternity and this angel now brother Brandham has said and I'll be giving you the quotes in just a few moments he reads he says the same angel that spoke to Abraham is the same angel that's here in Port Bernie and is the same angel that's speaking to you and he would come and spend time and bring a message right across your pathway &gt;&gt; and cause you to see it. It becomes so clear. You say, "Why can't people see that?" And that's what I wondered. How people couldn't see that this supernatural thing that was taking place was so supernatural it could only be God himself. and he knows what's in the secrets of the hearts. And so I will be dealing dealing with that in just a moment. But it is I is it too hard to believe that the invisible God could come down and take upon himself a human form and fulfill his plan. I say no, it's not. And I don't want anyone to read anything into my words, but I want to make it very clear. Jesus said in John 8 and 24, I said therefore unto you that you you shall die in your sins. For if you believe not that I am he, you shall die in your sins. But you say, "Oh, well, that was Jesus Christ." Well, who was Jesus Christ? He was the word, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Made flesh, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And they had to believe that that word had been made flesh to speak to them what he was speaking. And then to take the word it, it's too hard. It means it's to to be beyond one's ability. This is far beyond a human ability. Well, if it's far beyond a human ability, whose ability is it? &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. &gt;&gt; That's the question. And I shall return unto thee. And when he returns, back in Abraham's day, it was maybe 3 4 thousand years ago. But then today, and what does your Bible say? Your Bible says Jesus Christ the same &gt;&gt; yesterday, today, and forever. What time zone is that? &gt;&gt; That's a singular time zone. &gt;&gt; There is no difference in time. He is the same. That's the God of this message. And that's what separates this message from every other doctrine and every other gathering of people. And you people that are listening now to my voice that is this message is not like any other message. This is a message that's been attended to by the angel of the Lord &gt;&gt; and he is still with it. He's abiding with it. He will never leave it. It's none other than the Lord Jesus Christ. Same yesterday, today and forever. That is him. And we are so thankful to be connected to that message. And and it's it's also a concern to us that we don't just let it turn into some kind of church gathering &gt;&gt; or social club. &gt;&gt; That's not what it is. This is a message that's been sent from God to prepare people for the rapture of the agemen and to get you ready for it. Amen. &gt;&gt; If you that are standing here wish to sit down, that'll be perfectly fine. So he said, "Is it too hard? is to be beyond one's power to be difficult to understand. So difficult in friends I will say so difficult that in the unveiling of God the prophet of God says they couldn't understand it &gt;&gt; and they could not explain it and the angel is telling and I will be getting into that vision telling the prophet of God you I told you how to fish I told you how to do these things and how to deal with the supernatural and it's not possible to explain it. So you leave it unexplained and don't tell them. In fact is he said do not tell them what you're doing. I'll be reading that for you and I I want you to have the reference so you can look at it and and see it. It is also to be surpassing. My friends, I want to say to you believers, today we have a message. This isn't because we pump it up. This is a message that is surpassing. when the prophet of God turned his back to the congregation and or to individuals and told them exactly what they were there for that surpassing and it's not been done and the angel of the Lord told brother Brandham told him said no one else will have this ministry only you'll have it and as long as you're on the earth no one else will have it. It wasn't that he was saying that someone else will have it. But I will I will say to you and I say without any apology since he's gone, no one has raised up, no one has raised up and had that ministry. None. And so I say this is what this is the infallibility of the me message that we are connected to. It is truly an infallible ministry. So it's beyond it's to be surpassed. It's beyond death. It's beyond religion. It's beyond ceremony. It's beyond churchity. It's beyond just religious activity. It is a message which is beyond that. It to be extraordinary to be extraordinary hard and a difficult thing and it is a very difficult message. Sometimes it's difficult to understand God surpassing human abilities, human talents and human gifts to bring the promised son in the simplicity and this is in the message God in simplicity. He says that God hides in simplicity and then he turns around and reveals himself in the same. He reveals himself in such simplicity. It is not exotic for people to believe it. It's not something that is you know that the world has uh elevated into some sphere, some special place. It is not that God surpassing all human knowledge and wisdom to prove himself to believers and deliver us a pray a a surpassing message that is able to transform us into sons and daughters of God. The ministry of Jesus passed through various uh various or different stages in in life. In Luke 4 and 22 it says that they wondered at the gracious words that fell from his lips. In Luke 9 and9 the Bible speaks of Herod and he was so happy. He was thrilled. Herod said, "But who is this?" Herod Herod had said, "John I've killed." "But who is this of whom I hear such things?" And he desired to see him. Herod did. That was another phase. And then in Luke 21 and9, the multitude cried saying, "Hosana to the son of God, to the son of David. Blessed is he that uh hosana in the highest. Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord." And then in Matthew 27, just a short time later, then answered all the people and said, "His blood be on us and on our children." And it was &gt;&gt; it was &gt;&gt; that was they signed their own doom. Mhm. &gt;&gt; The same people who said or the same people that heard and the public heard how great and gracious words were falling from his lips and they and I did not give all the places but they said they marveled and they wondered at a child and a young man that would have such wisdom. They said where did he get these things? They wondered at that and and and now comes a messenger in our time with a just a very poor education. But they say, "Where does he get these things?" &gt;&gt; And great preachers and theologians and men of the books and men of renown. And here is a uh here's a simple little prophet even speaking perhaps poor grammar but he reveals the secrets of the heart. Isn't that so Mike that you're speaking with this paralyzed person? You're saying you may be questioning and saying well what happened to that par paralyzed person? I don't know &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; you can't explain it. And even if I was able to tell you, well, God healed him, but since then maybe he passed away. But I can tell you one thing. He spoke to a woman, and I have a picture of her. We have a very nice picture of her. Effie Tate is her name. And she she was in the meeting in Port El Bernie and her son, she had a son who was having terrible epileptic fits. In fact, as he was having so many fits, they didn't feel that he would live to be a young man. And they thought that he he should die. He was about 16 or 17. He told me he was 19 years old. Then during the meeting in Port Al Bernie and I'm sitting on the platform and brother Brandham speaks to the woman, she doesn't even come up in the prayer line. speaks to her and speaks to her about her son and that epilepsy left him. My wife and I visited this man about three four years ago and he was also in the Rainbow Lodge in Port Bernie and he said I said to him do you remember that day when brother Brandham said that you'll be free from epilepsy? He said, "Oh, yes. Yeah." I said, "How uh ho how's it been since then?" He said, "I've never had another never had another fet since that time." Where does that come from? &gt;&gt; That's what I ask you. Where does that come from? That's the kind of God that we support and we believe. And this is the kind of message that we believe. This is the kind of messenger that we believe. And uh you'll understand why I feel that way. And then then they they crucified him. They said his blood be on us and on then the days and the disciples just like you just like me. We have the days of power and the days of miracles and the days of great things. But then there was the days of silence. Then the days of silence, the judgment hall, the accusations, the crucifixion, the death and the burial. How can you understand that? How can you understand that he must go through this? He must pay the penalty of our sin. He must do it. And then he will, the father will send his own spirit into the church. And whatever the prophet of God of this generation declared, he said, "It's God in you, the hope of glory." This was the miracle of the Bible. But this was accomplished. this it took the visitation of the angel of the Lord to even bring this about to bring this knowledge of the scripture to you. He says and in many places then I looked up and it would be good for you to do a personal study and look up. I'll turn my back. I said what is so much what is so great about that? Is it supernatural? Is it from God? What do we do about it? In 1950, now Brother Brandham was speaking and uh I'll I'll I'll give you this as a reading. So I I gave you this uh out of Jehovah Gyra and this is 1955. Some time ago I was speaking on that and a preacher wrote me a letter. He said, "Brother Brandon, get next to yourself." He said, "You mean to say that that was God?" I said it was God. Well, how did he get here? That was his question. How did he get here? Well, he did just get and then he dropped off. He told Abraham, "Is anything too hard for the Lord?" And I say, is it too hard or it is it too difficult to believe that the invisible God could take upon himself a human form and fulfill part of his plan? Here's what the meaning of the heart. Is it too difficult to understand to show oneself uh wonderful and marvelous? God is showing himself superb, marvelous. I was sitting on the platform. I'm I'm giving personal testimony today. some of it. Some of you will hear it for the first time, but I was sitting on the platform over on this side when brother Brandham turned his back and he told about brother Jacobs that he was in the Nimo in the Indian hospital and the brother Mike was down on this side praying for him and and brother Brandham feels that he should speak about germs and the diseases. And so he takes and he starts to he starts to read about that. And but watch what kind of a miracle this angel did that stayed with Abraham. He had his back turned and told Abraham his name had been changed. He called him Abraham instead of Abram. He could not have the baby till his name was changed. Neither Sarah. He told them that their name was what their name was. The angel told them that and he said that he was going to visit Sarah according to the time of life. And when Sarah laughed, the man, I have it underlined, with his back turned, the man eating flesh of the calf and drinking the milk from the cow and eating bread. a man dust on his clothes, a traveler was God himself. And Abraham recognized it &gt;&gt; because he knew the thoughts that was in Sarah's heart behind him. Now he'd have he'd have took Sarah's life right there for her to disbelieve. But see, she is part of Abraham. Oh, I just rejoice in this and I want you to rejoice in this as well. And our unbelief, your unbelief. &gt;&gt; It's not that you disregard and say, "I don't believe that." But something that's too wonderful. It's too surpassing. It goes off into another dimension. And you can't you can't put it together. But but you believe &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; and that is what we're referring to. And our unbelief in his great manifestation in this hour and see the manifestation in this hour is so great. It goes beyond human language. It goes beyond any language. You just can't grasp it. You can't explain it. People ask me, "What was it like when the angel of the Lord came?" I don't know. I I can't tell it. I can't explain it. All I can tell you is it had a certain effect. It just had a certain effect. And I can tell you one thing that became a reality and that's in the last few hours is that one that was 2,000 years ago or 4,000 years ago with Abraham is the same one that was present on earth and is the same one that brought Peter out of prison and the same one that met Paul on the road to Damascus. And that's the same one. &gt;&gt; And the prophet of God says it's the same one that is here tonight. &gt;&gt; He says the same one that's here while I speak to you. It's the same one. &gt;&gt; And then I say, I don't know if it's scientific or not, but that's means nothing to me. It's a singular zone. Now, some of you people are in different time zones. You'll hear this and it'll be tomorrow morning or it'll be 16 hours from now. I don't know. And some way may not hear it for some days. But I will tell you this, that's the same one that I speak to you tonight. And it's the same one that was there. And then I I realized just this morning before I came to the church to speak to you that it's the same one. This is a singular time zone because he's the same yesterday and today and forever. It's the same one that you're going to meet in eternity and we're going to rejoice together. The Bible says, and in fact, as the prophet of God said, when uh when the when the elders beheld him and he took the book, he took the book into his hand from him that had the was on the throne and he had the book and that was the sealed book. And though this one came and took that sealed book and the elders threw their crowns down. That was their response. They threw their crowns. They didn't feel they were worthy of crowns on their head. They threw it down on the ground because they had taken the book. And in that book was your name. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; In that book was my name. &gt;&gt; In that book was the name of the bride of Jesus Christ. In that book is every believer's name. Your name was in that book. And it's not that he detailed all our evils and sins and unbelief. But what was detailed in there is that when the book was open, we believed it was open. &gt;&gt; When uh one who took it in his hand, we believe that he was worthy to take it. and anything we have is not worthy to be recorded of it. And so, and that's why the prophet of God said in our unbelief in his great manifestation in this hour, we're a part of Christ. He has to keep it. He has to keep it. We don't have to keep it. He's the one that keeps it. He's the one. You say, "Well, that is h how can I believe something that is beyond my comprehension?" Well, you better get used to it because that's what that's what this gospel is all about. And that's why the prophet's message and I'll tell you, they turned away from him in droves. They turned away from Jesus in droves. They turned away from Paul in droves. They turned away from Luther in droves. They turned away from all the messengers in droves. But there were still a few that were believers. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And there is no power that could turn them aside. Amen. Well, I want to continue on here a few moments. You'd believe it was that same Lord. Now he's speaking. This is in 65. Does God change his mind? In Los Angeles. You'd believe it was that same Lord Jesus. Notice now same God, not another. &gt;&gt; You believe that is that same Lord Jesus. That one that was here. that one that was they said hosana to the &gt;&gt; to the son of David &gt;&gt; even though he wasn't there to fulfill that they couldn't understand it you believe it was that same Lord Jesus same God that could tell Philillip where he was tell Simon what his name was do you believe him to be the same one &gt;&gt; your trouble is a bowel trouble &gt;&gt; the sister says Exact. That's exact. Isn't that right? Yes, sir. She says, "You believe me now to be his prophet? Your name is Mrs. Bayer." Mrs. Bayer. Bayer. Like Bayer in aspirin. I've never heard him say that. Like he says it there. That's right. You're healed. Go on. Jesus Christ made you well. Now I say, is that the Jesus that walked here? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. It's the same. It's the same God. &gt;&gt; And then he says, you believe it was that same Lord Jesus, that same God that could tell Philillip where he was, tell Simon what his name was. Do you believe him to be the same one? &gt;&gt; Now, you're really not here for yourself. He's speaking to the same one. You're here for somebody else. It's a man and he's not here a brother. That brother is in a mental institution. Take that handkerchief you got in your hand. While that spirit is on you, send it to him. Put it on him. Don't doubt. He'll come out of the institution and you'll and and will be well. Do you believe it? God bless you. You say that you said that angel is the last day. In the last day is here. He had his back turned. Well, you look I won't look at this woman. I turned my back. What is he doing? He's replicating exactly what he just said to the to the people. &gt;&gt; I'll turn my back. &gt;&gt; Now, lady, the one with the patient, can you hear me? Say yes. Sister says, "Yes, if the Lord Jesus will reveal to me what's your trouble when I'm looking this way, you'll know whether it's the truth or not." Do you believe then it's to fulfill what Jesus said? Notice this please to believe. Do you believe then it's to fulfill what Jesus said? I would it would be done in the last days as it was in the days of Sodom. Now that's when he turned his back. He didn't just turn his back, but he said, "Where's Sarah, your wife? She's in the tent behind you." But also just a little further on was Sodom. And the men lifted up their eyes and they moved toward Sodom. And the Bible says Abraham went on to carry them on their way, to take them on their way, to see them off. And they went to Sodom. And then you know what happened in Sodom. And this was the sign that was demonstrated of who he was and to bring fire down from heaven and to for those people to be in such a wicked state and glorifying their condition. It be exactly as it is today. He said would be done in the last days. And it was being done right then. &gt;&gt; What God was it? &gt;&gt; It was a singular time zone. &gt;&gt; Whether it was 4,000 years ago, 5,000 years ago, we don't care. Whether it was 2,000 years ago, we don't care. Whether it was 50 years ago, we don't care. It's the same one who was in attendance with this message. And we believe it. We believe it with all of our heart. We stand here as a uh an emblem if you would or we stand here as believers, living believers filled with his spirit. Will you believe it? He said to the lady, "You have a lady's disorder, a female trouble. Believe with all your heart now you'll leave. You can go home and be well. God bless you if thou can't believe. Now brother Bren does something strange and I want to just jump into it. Back in 1950 he says what is a germ? Now we take a cancer. What is it first? Why? It's a growth tumor cataract goer. They're growths. I want to just stop here. I just had a uh I just had a cataract removed. And the prophet says, "Well, it's it's a growth." Yes. But there's another part of this Bible that I have here in my hand that speaks about my age. It says that a person's vision may become dull or dim. And mine has become dim. And but that's not too dim. And uh we have things that happen naturally by our age. God doesn't promise us, you know, fix I'll fix everything. I'll make that's coming. I'll be a young man. &gt;&gt; That's just across the That's just across the bridge. I I'll be a young man. and uh you you'd like me to stay at this post of duty forever? Well, that's fine. You try it when you get my age. But he asked, "What what about this germ and and the tumor and cataract and goer? They're growths. Is that right? And they become malignant and cancers." Well, a growth is a multiplication of cells. And let's dig down below that. Now, below that growth is a group of cells. Then it goes down to the germ. Well, what is a germ? A germ is a teeny little cell. Teeny little thing that can only be seen not with the natural eye, but through microscopes. But below that, then it's got life. It moves. It's got the life in it. What's below that in that germ? Well, it becomes a spirit. And there's only two resources that spirits can come from. That's either from God or the devil. Now, that germ, let me just take this little a little further. Do you realize that you came from one little germ? There was a time when you wasn't nothing. Well, the germ of life comes from the male sex. So, he said there was a time when it wasn't nothing, but it comes from the male. And I like what he says about this. For instance, an old mother bird, he gives this example. An old mother bird could make her nest and lay it full of eggs. She could get on them and warm those eggs and hover them and stay till she couldn't get off the nest. And not one of those eggs would hatch. They would lay right there and rot in the nest because they haven't been with the male, the mate. She hasn't been with the male bird. and therefore they're not fertile. That reminds me of a whole lot of these old cold formal churches. They haven't been with the male Jesus Christ. Now I ask you, what kind of wisdom is that to reach into the God of nature and that mother bird and she'll build a nest and she'll fill it full of eggs, but not one unless she's been with the male the male the male male friend. And he's liking then he swings it right down to the church. That reminds me of a whole lot of these cold formal churches. They haven't been with the male Jesus Christ Jesus. Not a book. They haven't been That's not a book. They haven't been with him. &gt;&gt; There's something about him that makes a person fertile. There's something about him that makes a person different. You can bring forth something. You bring forth a life. They're not believers in the first place. He says he's still on. We believe that Jesus Christ, now he's still on the same subject. He said, "We believe that Jesus Christ was of a virgin birth." You hear a lot in the full gospel churches argue concerning that. Brother Bren never argued about it. He did have to. But Jehovah God overshadowed her Mary and created in her womb a blood cell which was by himself a con created power. And from that blood cell came the man Christ Jesus and he was the blood of his father by a virgin birth. And friends, if you don't believe that, then you can't be saved. No other way but through the blood of Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ, which is the blood of his father, God, unadulterated, no sex mixed into it at all. It was a created birth. And I say, amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. It was a created birth. And in Revelation it says, "And unto the angel of the church of the leadyans, write these things, saith the amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God." And that's the blood cell. That's why we are born again and born of that blood cell and have a new birth. Brother Brandon tells of a vision and I'm still on the same subject. He tells of a vision and uh I just have condensed part of it here first is unable to lace a little baby shoe with a large lace in the vision and then one that is speaking to him says you can't teach Pentecostal babies natural supernatural things you'll cause you'll cause carnal Impersonations. Impersonations. Impersonations. You will cause impersonations. And the reason why I am dwelling on that is because I lived through that era. I lived through that time and saw saw so many that had uh impersonations call out people out of the audience and so on. He says and then he said the one uh speaking to me instructed me how to cast and fish. I'll make you fishers of men. say now can you put it together and just then he says seemed like I went off into another dimension and I was standing by a lake and he had taken me and set me down there by this lake there was lots of ministers around the fishing but said don't tell and the angel of the Lord said to him don't tell anybody don't tell nobody how you're doing it said keep still. Don't tell nobody what you're doing. In other words, but he had spent about the first 8 to 10 years. And he tried to describe and he even explained why. And then he would tell him, "You can't understand it." And and and he would say, "You've heard him say this, don't ask me. I just can't explain it. He couldn't explain it. So I said, "I understand." And I threw it away out. And just as I did, all these ministers and people run around and said, "Praise the Lord, Brother Brandham will really catch fish." That's what they were wanting. They were wanting him to catch fish and bring people into their congregation. I live through that. Praise the Lord. Brother Brandham will really catch fish. There was there was going on like that. Now friends, I'm going to say some things and some of you may rejoice and some of you may well say, "Well, we don't want you to humanize our prophet. We don't want you I've cut some things out." But he says here, he says, "I'm a sinner. I make mistakes every day." What? You have a prophet? He makes mistakes every day. Well, he showed the man's side of things as well. And so I want to I want to just stay with what he said. I said, "Now, I'll tell you how it's done. Here's the way you do it." This same angel of God that's always spoke to me said, "You've done just what I told you not to do. I told you to keep it to yourself and said, look what you've done. Took look at the carnal impersonations you got rose." See, and I hear people say, "Brother Brandham, oh, the Lord's given me a ministry. You got probably greater." Yeah, but just like that. No, never will be as long as I'm on the earth. He told me that in the beginning, never will be. this told him right in the beginning of his ministry, "Never will be as long as I live." Now, he told me that and I hear people say that and I know it's wrong, but I just want I just don't want and how to tell them. He said, "You cause impersonations." And then I started weeping. And I I took the string and was trying to straighten it out. And just then he looked at me and I wondered what he was going to do. And he said, "Keep your line straight. Keep your line straight in these kind of times." And I want to say to this congregation and the people that are listening, keep your line straight. Keep your faith straight. You don't have to do things which you know will get all tangled up. The scripture speaks of those things. Things that are unscriptural and things that'll tangle up our lives. get all swept up with just what this world is doing and what their decisions are. And this is Satan's Eden. This is Satan's kingdom. And we're not here advancing Satan's kingdom. We're here. We have to live with it. We have to deal with it and so on. But we're not here to be subjected to his mode of his his mode of uh acting. Keep your line straight in these kind of times. I said yes. So I got the line ready to throw again. And just as I did at that time, he taken me away again and he stood me up. Is it all right if I carry on a few minutes? And he stood me up in the air over a great auditorium up or a big tent or I never seen such a tent spread out. The most significant thing, these are my words, the most significant thing that has ever taken place was when the lamb himself took the book and opened the seven seals. That was the most significant thing. He took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne. Who was it? the owner, the original owner that had the book of redemption in his right hand. And no angel, no angelic being, nothing else could take that place. And this bloody lamb walked out and took the book. Now, think about the cell, the blood cell that made him. And he took the book out of the hand out of his hand. What was it, brother? He said, "This is the most I want you to catch this, please. This is the most sublime thing in the scripture. &gt;&gt; A act that not an angel, not nothing could do it, but the lamb &gt;&gt; come and took it from the right hand of him that sat upon the throne. What was it? Now it behooves it belongs to the lamb. Amen. And he he he dwells on that just a a moment or two. God's laws required it. He's the one that holds it. God's law required a kinsman redeemer. &gt;&gt; And the lamb come out boldly. I am I am their kinsman. I am their redeemer. I now have made intercession for them. I now and now I've come to claim their rights for them. Amen. Amen. I've come to claim their rights &gt;&gt; in that they have a right to everything that lost in the fall. I thought of Michael's service. I was sitting listening to it and he talked about a tennis ball and dropping it. talked about a much heavier item uh like a um &gt;&gt; bowling. &gt;&gt; What kind of a bowl? &gt;&gt; Bowling. &gt;&gt; A bowling ball. Yes. And dropped it. And it'll do a lot more damage. And I thought about Adam was the last thing that was created in creation. And when he fell, he made a big hole. when he fell and and the Bible says one man sin came by one man and and Adam wasn't deceived but he took Eve's deception and uh to make it to make it proper he says I've come I've come to claim their rights in that they have a right to everything everything that lost in the fall. And I've said and I've paid the price. Oh, brother, don't it make you feel religious? Not by good works, which we have done, &gt;&gt; but by his mercy. &gt;&gt; Oh, wait a minute. And them elders and everything else begin to throw off their crowns. dignitaries begin to get on the ground. See, no one no one could do it. And he walked right up to the right hand of God and took the book out of his hand and claimed his rights. I have died for them. I am their kinsman redeemer. I am the mediator. My blood was shed. I have become a man. I have become man. And I did this in order to get that church back again. The one I forsaw before the foundation of the world. I have purposed it. I spoke that it would be there and nobody was able to take it. But I went down and done it myself. I am their kinsmen. I became kinfolks. And he takes the book. Oh, who's waiting there for me tonight? Oh, who is that one church that's waiting there? What else could wait there for you but the kinsman redeemer? Oh my, what a sublime act. And that's why I take this especially. This is the sublime act. The sublime act wasn't who he would heal in the church. &gt;&gt; The sublime act wasn't some large auditorium with 30 or 4 thousand 40,000 people. The sublime act is that he would claim that book. &gt;&gt; Your name was in that book. Your name was in that book. &gt;&gt; My name was in that book. It was muddy. It was no good works could clean it up. Nothing could clean it up. But our name was in that book. And he took it with all of our faults and all of our weakness and all of our misunderstanding and all of our attempt to want to try to understand it and know it, but we can't. that goes beyond us and and we we have to say with the songwriter, why does he love me? Why why does he do that? And often I've had when people have come and given their lives to Christ and the burden of said leaves them and the guilt of sin leaves them, then one of the first questions I say, why did he do it? Why me? That don't don't worry about why me. He he he has his own reason for doing it. And I was so happy and thankful today for the body of Christ. I thought my what a glorious body there in Switzerland or down in Italy or over in Croatia or in China where they're suffering persecution. And we are there with you as though we are bound with you as though we're in defenders. Yet Paul said, "Remember my bonds." And we do remember it. And I would say to you as believers, uh, as believers of of this message, we believe the same word you believe. We do not propagate it to get you in difficulty. But if the laws of the land cause difficulty, well, we will do what we need to do and we will seek to get you the words of life. That's why this church and the Chinese community within this church have sponsored it really desired and our brother Murphy has given his life and translated the entire Bible to make sure that it is the closest Bible there is to the King James version which brother Brandham used and he supported it is that Bible and he held that Bible said that Bible is correct. And we can see how the enemy hates that word of God and he wants to make it illegal. No matter what man says, it'll never be illegal. It's God has called it. God's prophet has called it. a Bible that he supports and stands behind and a Bible that works. I can say if we ask anything in his name, he shall do it. And let us pray. &gt;&gt; Heavenly Father, we're so thankful for this time. We're so thankful. We want to say glory to the almighty God which has brought forth the body of Jesus Christ. I want to thank you for the body of Christ. &gt;&gt; I want to thank you for each member of the body. I thank you for the people that have made all of this possible and the musicians that come out and the and the sound people that come out, Lord, and those that work with the video and do whatever that they can, every person in their place. And then we think of the body of Christ, the needy ones, Lord, uh our our dear sister that we had a prayer request for earlier. We pray for the brethren that are in the institutions in uh in China and the different countries and for those oh God that have stood behind the work in Switzerland. It is not in vain. For you have accomplished your purpose, oh God. And I pray, Father, that the comfort of the Holy Spirit will be their portion, oh mighty God. May the reality of the rapture be upon them. And may they realize you are the eternal one. There is no time zone. There's one singular time zone they are in. What? in the same time zone that we are in. And we are in Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. That is the theme of this message. Oh God, you are the same. We thank you for this day. We thank you for this time. And we want to declare this is what we believe. &gt;&gt; In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray you'll inspire the people for your glory. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And I trust that this will be a a blessing to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You'll be able to take these many different quotes that you saw come up on the screen and use them freely. And let me just say this as a witness. I'd like to uh I would like to encourage you with everything that's in me. The longer you live, and I trust it won't be that much longer, but the longer you live, the more precious that becomes. &gt;&gt; The longer you live, it just seems that it's the less you know and the less you can explain. But he is more wonderful. And then you just give it all up and just say, "Lord, I just surrender it all to you." Whatever whatever your will is and however you want to direct our footsteps, we give it over to you. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Have a wonderful week. Amen. Just hold to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, time is filled with swift transition. Not of earth on whom can stand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Just hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Build your something's eternal. Hold to God's un. Let's trust in him. Just trust in him who will not leave you. Whatsoever years may bring. My earthly friends forsake still more closely. Just hold to God's unchanging hand. Just hold to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things. Oh to God's unchanging hand when your journey and when your journey is completed and if to God you have been true and bright your intur Hold to God's unchanging hand. Just hold to God's unchanging hand. Your hopes on things. Oh, to God's unchanging hand. Well, God bless you, saints. It's been a wonderful, wonderful Easter. God's blessed us with a message that we can take home, feed on, and revelate in. It is indeed the most sublime happening that's ever taken place. God bless you. God bless our pastor. God be with you till we meet again. God bless. Amen.
