################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-25 - v10 0516e Bride Report-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada) - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-25
Title:    v10 0516e  Bride Report-Br Ed Byskal, Cloverdale Bibleway (BC, Canada)
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 3h 15m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sukXFeaqbZc
========================================

Description:
Video message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Sing it tonight. Heidal [Applause] [Music] with me. I walk with that last verse. I'm going to have brother Nathan Hildebrandt, brother Gary come and help me with the next song. So you can come now as we sing the last verse together. There is no thirsting. Oh, there's no thirsting for the things of the world. They've taken weight. Oh, I gave them up and instantly. Oh, my night was turned to day. My burdens rolled away. Now the comforter [Music] tonight. Heat. Heat. United. [Applause] [Music] [Music] &gt;&gt; I'm glad he's with us tonight. After all that we've been hearing, we feel like traveling on. So, we're going to sing that song and Brother Gary and Brother Nathan's gonna help us sing this together. 484. I feel like traveling on. Amen. My heavenly home is bright and fair. Let's travel on together. Amen. We ready, brothers? &gt;&gt; Let's start with the chorus. Yes. I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on my heavenly home. I feel like traveling on my heavenly home. It's right. I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on traveling. I feel like traveling on my home is quiet. I feel like traveling on. It's glittering the sun shine. I feel like traveling on shining. I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling. I feel like traveling. My heavenly home is right there. I feel like traveling on. Let all see the home. I feel like traveling on strang. I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling on. I feel like my bright I feel like this last verse. The Lord has been so good to me. I feel like traveling on mercy. Oh, I see. I feel like traveling on. Oh, I feel like traveling home. I feel like traveling home. It's right there. I feel like travel. Oh yes. I feel like traveling home. I feel like traveling home. My heavenly home is bright and burn. I feel like traveling home. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Well, as we walk along this journey, we have needs. Sometimes I don't have any written requests, but I'm sure you have things in your heart. Ask Brother Gary to lead us in prayer. Brother Gary St. John, if you've got a need, slip your hand up to the Lord. Know our brother Hughes leaving on Tuesday for Germany for a few weeks. We want to remember him and unspoken request. God bless you, brother Gary. [Music] Heavenly Father, you know that's every one of our desires, Lord, just to travel on, Lord, to that dimension, Lord. Lord, the one we're looking for, Lord, the one we're laboring for. The one we're pressing for, Lord, as Brother Tom preached, Lord, just pressing across the finish line, Lord Jesus. Lord, gaining that last little bit of character, Lord, that you'd have us to get, Lord, knowing that's all that will take with us, Father, is that character, Lord, as we join you in that banquet supper, Lord. Lord, how long it'll take, I don't know, Lord. Lord, how many friends will be there, Lord, we're counting on the whole multitude to be there with us, Lord Jesus. Lord, we're looking forward to your word tonight. We're looking forward to your spirit, Lord, blending in with our spirits tonight, Lord Jesus. hearing, Lord, what's going on overseas, Lord, it just warms our hearts to know, Lord, that now they have what we have, Lord Jesus. A place to gather, Lord, a place to worship, a house of the go house of the Lord that they can go into every service, Lord, without, Lord, having to gather in homes, Lord, or or by the wayside, Lord. We just ask, Lord, you'd bless them them places, Lord. Bless the brothers as they come forth tonight, Lord, and share the burden that they had, Lord, while they were there, Lord. Bless our PLA pastor, Lord. Bless brother John, Lord, Brother Tom, the remainder of the service, Lord, all the ministry, Lord, as they press to lead us across and lead us in, Lord Jesus. Help us, Lord, to just be so desirous of your word, Lord. Making it first and foremost in our lives, Lord, let's preach this morning, Lord. First things first, Lord. Lord, be at the height and and just the pinnacle of our lives, Lord. Be first in everything, Lord Jesus. Be first in our worship, Lord, this morning, Lord. Bless the the visitors this evening, Lord. Bless Brother Hugh, Lord, as he travels overseas, Lord. Let let him be a great blessing, Lord, wherever he goes. Bless his feet, Lord. Put a band of angels around him, Lord Jesus. Bring him back safely home, Lord. Lord, we just ask you to take the rest of the service and move in a mighty way. And we just love you and thank you in Jesus name. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Brothers, can help us sing one more? Why don't you turn around and shake hands? We're going to stand and sing one more song. Brother Larry Codddle, you're going to sing tonight a special, right? So, why don't you just come and prepare and we'll sing Give Me That Old Time Religion. Give me that old time religion. It's number 497. Amen. You can remain standing. This will be our song, a standup song. Give me that old time religion. Amen. Our brother Larry, he's coming. All right. Oh, give me that. Old time religion give me that. Oh time religion give me that. Oh time religion it's good enough for me. It's now time and that's the reason we sing the next verse. Brother Butler, you you seem to be enjoying that. I want you to come up here and sing with these brothers. We're not going to let you off that easy. I I had you in my notes to come on up, Brother Butler. You don't come and visit us enough. So, we want you to feel at home tonight. All right. Second verse. It will make you stop. It will save you when you're dying. It will stop. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Good enough for me tonight. [Music] &gt;&gt; You can have your seats tonight. God bless you, Brother Larry. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; It's so good to be back home with my family. Amen. Hallelujah. And it's good to be one in a million. Amen. Hallelujah. We'd just like to thank each one of you for your prayers and your thoughts of us while we were gone. And you're the reason that we were sustained in many situations. If I can take just a moment, a small testimony. Uh a couple of great highlights uh in the trip. We went into 20 states and um drove over 17,000 miles. And uh while I was in Pensacola, I stayed in um a property of my cousin Scott. And he had two workers that were there. And every night we would get together, Scott and I, and we would pray and and read the Bible and listen to the prophet and some DVDs that I had brought. And he was so hungry and thirsty for what we have already been given here at Cloverdale. So, I was sharing that for about a week and it made these two um non-Christians so hungry and thirsty that about a week into our coming together, one of them came to us and says, "I want to know about this Jesus." &gt;&gt; Amen. And uh we begin to share with him and uh he said, "I want to be saved, too." Amen. &gt;&gt; So we knelt down on the carpet and he he gave his heart to the Lord Jesus Christ. We prayed with him there in the living room. And the amazing thing that his friend said, "I'm not going to be left out. I want to get saved, too." So he he came and got down on his knees and began to pray and uh gave his heart to the Lord Jesus Christ. And um we were going to baptize them and was thinking about it. It was 18° outside in Florida, so y'all had summer weather up here while we were freezing down there. But um my cousin Scott sounded out and said, "Well, I got a big bathtub." So we took both of them into the bathroom and baptized them in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And of course, the harvest goes to our Lord Jesus Christ. He's the one that does the conviction. And we just want to thank him for his glory and for bringing us back here safely to our family. And again, we appreciate your prayers. Amen. Amen. A little more keyboard in the monitor, please. Hallelujah. [Music] Troubles sometimes are here, filling men's hearts with fear. Freedoms we all hold dear now are at stake. Humbling ourselves to God. Savage from the chasing rod. We're going where pilgrims try. Christians awake. Sing it with me. Jesus is coming soon. Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon. So many will meet their doom. Trumpets will sound and all of the dead shall rise. Righteous meet in the sky. Going where no one dies. Christians away. Love of so many cold, losing their homes of gold. This in God's word is told. When evils abound, when these signs come to pass, nearer the end at last, it will come very fast. Hallelujah. Amen. Sing this with me now. Jesus is coming. Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon, many will meet their doom. Trumpets will sound and all of the dead shall rise. Righteous meet in the sky. We're going where no one dies. Heaven bound. Troubles will soon be whole or happy forever more. When we meet on that shore, free from all cares. We're rising up to the sky, telling the world goodbye. Homeward within will fly. Glories to share. Stand and sing it with me. Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon. So many will meet their doom. Trumpets will sound and all of the dead shall rise. Righteous meet in the sky. Going where no one died. Heaven word bound. Sing it again. Our Jesus is coming soon. Morning or night or noon. Many will meet their doom. Trumpets will sound and all of the dead shall rise. Righteous meet in the sky. We're going where no one died. Heaven were bound. All of the dead shall rise. Righteous meet in the sky. We're going where no one dies. Heaven word bound. We're going where no one dies. Heaven bound. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You happy to be here? &gt;&gt; We certainly are. Well, uh, we don't have to talk about or worry about being too formal because we we certainly won't have any. We'll we'll break all the, uh, forms tonight for sure. We like that. God bless you. And we're uh, we're going to have u different ones participating and taking part. And I just like the way a number of brothers, you're all up here and brother John getting brother Butler up. I mean, you know, we got to just make sure there's no rust accumulated here. Hallelujah. Uh, I'm going to have you turn in the Bible. What, uh, I'll have you turn to book of Romans. And what I would like to do now while you're just finding the place in Romans the 12th chapter uh I I just want to give a little brief overview and not of what is going to be said and taking place but why we are having this kind of a a service and there are there's very good reason for it. There there's one commission that brother Brandham called the great commission and Christianity calls it the great commission and it is go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature &gt;&gt; and that has never changed and that while that can mean your nextdoor neighbor but we also know from some things that the prophet of God has said it's all over the globe &gt;&gt; and it used to be that if you want to go and see your neighbor you maybe had to ride a horse or a camel or an ox or something. But today, your neighbor might be just a few seconds away on the other side of the world. Might be a phone call away, might be uh uh via the internet. There's people on the internet streaming that are actually a congregation. And they write and say, "I am part," and they're not ashamed to say it. I'm a part of the internet congregation. They worship with you. They stand when you're standing. They look and see where you're sitting and hear the different names of different people and those that sing and whatever more. And if they change position place in the church, they ask me when I travel there, where's that brother gone or where's that sister gone? And we just say, well, they moved back to the uh other side of the church or they're sitting over with their family or something. Then they're all unhappy again. Amen. The bride's a wonderful bride. I'm just calling this tonight because I'm just taking a few minutes to begin with. I'm calling it a bride report and it will largely be on regarding Europe, India, Indonesia, and Russia. We're going to try to get that that all done this evening and then we have a baptism. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Nothing like adding another member to the bride body of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Just before we read, let's pray. Father, once again, we're approaching you. We're coming humbly. We're coming, oh God, seeking your favor. We're approaching you through the name of Jesus Christ, which is the name you have given us. And thou shalt call his name Jesus, for he shall save his people from their sins. And we can say to you, oh our father, here we are. Oh, we have been the recipients and the beneficiaries of this sacrifice. And here we are free. Here we are cleansed. Here we are, oh God, rejoicing and so happy in Jesus. Pray you'll bless the people tonight, Lord, and all that is to take place and all that will participate and our sister that is to be baptized. Will you fill her with the Holy Spirit? I pray. This is my request, oh God, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. In the 12th chapter of Romans, I want to read two verses. Verse four and five. For as we have many members in one body, and all members are not the same office. So we being many are one body in Christ, and every one members one of another. Amen. &gt;&gt; We can say amen to that. We are members one of another. Didn't say if they're in your same church, but we are members one of another. &gt;&gt; They can be in another country, speak another language, be another color, but we are one of another. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're together. We're one of another. Every one of us are members. Then if you'll just turn to 1 Corinthians the 12th chapter and we'll read from verse 12 three verses. For as the body is one and hath many members and all the members of that one body being many are one body, so also is Christ. For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free, and have been all made to drink into one spirit. For the body is not one member, but many. &gt;&gt; Can we read that 14th verse together? For the body is not one member, but many. We say praise be to God. Amen. You may have your seat. So just stay with me real uh quickly because I want to be as intense as possible and and then and then I'm going to move out and and others will be taking their part. uh the re the revelation that the body of Jesus Christ, the bride body when I write it in my notes or I write letters I usually say almost always the bride body of Jesus Christ the revelation that it is I mean the revelation the reality that it's a many membered body is not easy for us humans to to achieve because we are so materially connected, physically connected, naturally connected. We come here and we see one another. We see maybe some of our friends that aren't able to be here. I noticed, you know, some are down to Sister Shanahe's wedding and they're not here tonight. But that's uh uh that I won't say it's irrelevant. We'd love to have them here and we'd love to have every member of the bride of Christ here. But remember that the bride of Jesus Christ is a many membered body. You'll see some you'll see perhaps some video. I don't know what's what you'll see tonight. And incidentally, the brothers that are on the lights, be sure and dim them soon as things come on the screen. But uh the many membered body uh as soon as you see some brothers and sisters up there, there should be something just spark in your heart. There should be a flame in your heart. Oh, that's my sister. &gt;&gt; That's my brother. &gt;&gt; We were the other day. We were over at brother uh brother Luis and sister uh Elizabeth Diaz to have kind of a welcome for brother Larry and and sister Darlene. And he he had a video he wanted to show us. And so he was introducing all the different people. I couldn't see everybody but I just watched his face. And then when their grandkids come on there, oh yes, my grandkids, it wasn't just showing us somebody else. I mean, this my grandkids, this is my family. This is this my brother. &gt;&gt; And I took that and I thought to say to you, it shouldn't be one bit different tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. When you see them, whatever whatever color they are, whatever part of the world they're in, whatever language they speak, you should be able to look at that screen and have something well up in your heart and say, "They're just like me. &gt;&gt; We resemble one another. &gt;&gt; We speak the same language." &gt;&gt; And I was thinking on that and Brother Kim just stepped in and and I said, "Well, are you are you ready?" And he said, "Yeah, I I wasn't able to just get everything I wanted." But he said, "Uh," he said, "Wherever we went," he said, "I did. I taped the people as they sang only believe in their language." And I wanted to make a clip of every one of those in their language. He said, "Soon as you hear," it doesn't matter what language it comes in. Soon as you hear them start to sing, he said, "I just melt." &gt;&gt; Why? Because you you you relate to it. say, "That's my song. That's our song. That's our theme. Only believe." Doesn't matter what language is it it's in. It all means the same thing. &gt;&gt; And that's what we're here for tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, it's it's something that I desire that this evening will achieve uh uh achieve that in your heart or at least move you in that direction. In the message, uh behold, I stand at the door. uh brother Brandham just he mentions these makes this statement. We become so earthbound with our finite way of thinking to this great infinite mind till we just get one little course set up and we feel like we we're just going fine. But he said, "If we could only look and see as God sees, how much different things would look to be for us." &gt;&gt; And I I'm going to be coming to this in a in a in a service in the near future. And I'm I've entitled that message, Lord willing, things are not as They appear to be. And God said to I'll just give you a couple leads, but God said to Samuel after Samuel had gone through all of David's sons, big strapping fine handsome fellas, you know, black hair perhaps. You know what I mean? Could have been blonde, but I mean, here we are and and says, "Surely it's this one." No, no, he's rejected. He's rejected. He's rejected. Reject them all. &gt;&gt; Have you got another one? Is there one more? Uh oh yeah, he's out hurting the sheep. Bring him in. And they brought this little ruddy scraggly guy in. And God told him, "Don't look at the outward. &gt;&gt; Don't look at what you see. &gt;&gt; It's not what it appears to be. I see a warrior. I see a king." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I see one who will hold my promise. In fact is I see a friend. He's my friend. In spite of his errors, in spite of his mistakes or what he will eventually be, God was not just looking at the little ruddy kid. &gt;&gt; He was looking at what he would become. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. By the promise, God's not just looking at you the way you are tonight. Don't look at yourself just as a physical way that you are tonight. Look at yourself the way God looks at you. That's what's important. Can you say amen to that? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You need to see. in factors in the world, you know, they try to get you to look within yourself and see your potentials and and uh uh uh achieve your goals and all of these things. Well, I'll tell you what, friends. Believe me, God has some goals. &gt;&gt; He's got some goals for every one of his children. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And there isn't a thing in this world that can stop it &gt;&gt; cuz God's going to bring it to its end. And so when he saw David, when he saw David, he saw so much more. He saw a kingdom. He saw a nation. He saw royalty. He saw a man that would look at the heavens and say, "Oh God, how great thou art. You're my father. Hallelujah." He saw one that would worship him. He saw one who wouldn't be carried away with the gold or the material things. He saw one who was truly his son. And God so loved him for that. said, "Your kingdom will be forever and ever and ever." And furthermore, God attributed, he loved him so much, he attributed his seed to David and allowed the first verse, the first opening verse of the New Testament, the testimony of Jesus Christ, the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of Abraham, the son of David. &gt;&gt; Quite a compliment, isn't it? Amen. &gt;&gt; That's a long ways from the little ruddy kid that was standing in front of Samuel. And Samuel was so moved he poured his oil on. The question was asked brother Brandaman questions and answers. Is the bride of Christ and the body of Christ the same? And he said, "Yes, sir." What you're going to see tonight is the body of Christ. The bride of Jesus Christ. One that Jesus Christ is Jesus Christ a reality to you? &gt;&gt; I ask you that tonight. is a reality to you. You're going to see the faces of individuals. And don't forget every time you come into the house of God in the sanctuary and meet believers, remember that these are this is one that Jesus Christ himself of all the peoples elected to be with him. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Elected to sit at the at the marriage supper table. Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Excuse me, but I start feeling pretty enthused about it. He said when God gave Christ his bride, the spirit gave the flesh the bride. He said he was pierced in the side under his heart and water and blood and spirit came forth that become flesh of his flesh and bone of his bone. We We are the flesh and bones. The bride will be the flesh and bones of Christ. That is his bride. We're sitting here and we've got different flesh and different colors and different people and different backgrounds. But I want to say we &gt;&gt; we &gt;&gt; Why don't you say it with me? We are the flesh and bones &gt;&gt; of Jesus Christ, &gt;&gt; the bride of Jesus Christ. And I there won't be anything greater you can say about yourself tonight. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. God was going to show his prophet just in his last few years of his ministry after about 30 years of preaching. He was going to show me. He said, "I'll show you the bride. &gt;&gt; I'll give you a preview of the bride." Well, it wasn't those sitting here in Cloverdale Bible Way merely. It wasn't just those sitting in some other church. It wasn't those of United States. Wasn't those of Canada. Wasn't those of Europe. But he saw them starting to march. And he saw them in their national garb after the other. And he saw them all. I tell you what, friends, if those doors flew open here tonight and they started walking in here from Russia on this side and from China over here and from the Philippines over here and from Africa over here and these doors broke open, they all started marching in here. There wouldn't be a dry eye in this building. &gt;&gt; Have you heard a voice from heaven? This is my bride. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I've chosen them out of all the peoples. I've chosen them to be my very own. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. To sit with me in my kingdom. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Don't just sit nonchalant, friends. &gt;&gt; That's either going to happen for you or not going to happen for you. I say it's going to happen for the bride of Jesus Christ. What? How do I know it's going to happen? Because God sent the call. The rapture call. He sent that call right to you to your address &gt;&gt; wherever wherever you were. Just think of and if you were born into a believer's home before you were born, he sent it there already prepared. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And he said, "And then here come little ladies again, and each one of them was dressed in their national garb from where they came from, like Switzerland and Germany and so forth. Each one wearing the kind of garb all along with long hair just exactly like the one at the first." And here they're coming, walking onward Christian soldiers marching as to war. Brother Brennham saw an international group of people. That's what we're connected to. &gt;&gt; An international bride dressed in their national garments. If we look at the scene with the natural eye, we will only see what our senses proclaim. If we only see with the natural eye. And you know friends, if you want to be if you want to live below your potential, if you want to live below what Christ has for you, just look with the natural eye. But if you want to look &gt;&gt; and see the things as God sees them, oh God, I pray, Father, give us eyes to see. &gt;&gt; May we see the things that are not seen, but the eternal. May our eyes be open to see the eternal. Hallelujah. The I I love being around people that are speaking about things that are not just local things and things of my home or things of my family uh or things of the church or whatever or my work or whatever more. So wonderful when you can see things that go beyond &gt;&gt; beyond that. Don't you desire that? Amen. &gt;&gt; You know, I'll just drop this in. I don't want to take up much time, but and this might sound unrelated, but just yesterday, you know, we just the kids play on our street because it goes into quiet culde-sac on the end. And just right on our street, there's two, three houses and then somebody's sitting on a fairly large piece of property, couple of acres, and then there's our house. And uh there's some fathers are out there with their kids and they always got a uh a net, you know, hockey net out in the middle of the street and so they have to slide that off every time we come back and forth, which is two, three times a day. And last night, uh we had been listening to a tape and then we listened on our headphones so we can hear it. and I just had finished the tape and just laid my head down and and uh to start to doze off and it was around midnight and I just started to doze off. I just nicely dozed off and I heard real sharp fast and I leaped up and I said to my wife, I said, "Someone's knocking at the door." I said, "Did you hear it?" because I thought maybe I just dreamed it. And I said, "Did you hear it?" Yeah. Yeah. She said, "I did." And so, you know, I don't know how how equipped I should go when I go to the door. So, I uh I I I jumped out and went to the door and look, we have lights on. Nobody there. I go to the back door. The inside of the house is all black. I go to all the different curtains and things and look out. I can't see anybody. And I watch it. come back into the into our bedroom and our bedroom faces the street. Our windows open. So I start lifting the blinds and and our neighbors lights which are a motion activated are going on and then one shuts off and a little few minutes later it goes on again and and then my wife says there there's somebody walking down the street and of course anybody can walk there I suppose 12 little after midnight and so we look and he disappears and uh so then we hear house sirens and then I heard uh sound like an ambulance or police siren or something and off in a distance and and then these lights coming on again and they're going off and I thought, "Oh goodness, you know, this is all I need before Sunday. You want to get a good rest and we uh finally go back to bed again. And I get up again and go back to bed and and uh then then I heard at the front door and then on the glass with keys on my glass. So I go there and there's a RCMP police and uh they said we'd like to know if you heard anything. Yeah, we did. And uh we've been prowling around our house looking and two doors down from us or the third house down from us a man has just been shot and and what we heard was the gunfire. Those first real rapid which I thought was knocked was actually the gunfire. And so we want to know is the man is he how is he? She said well uh he's not very good. And then before she left she said well they've taken him away now. So, and actually he was he was murdered. He was killed. So, we had to go to barricades coming to church this morning, three barricades, ask questions at every barricade, show our driver's license and everything. And and they still are crawling all over the place. Several houses and just before I came to church, I had a another police officer from the integrated homicide squad, you know, asking us questions and trying to jar our memory and everything. And so this morning, you know, I was pondering that while brother Tom was speaking and throughout this day and I thought, isn't it amazing? He was 32. And just yesterday, there he is on the street with his kids and other father and another young couples, you know, and they moving their stuff so we can go through and and I thought, isn't it incredible within two seconds that fast that man left here? He left the physical and went into the an unseen realm, but it's a it's more real than the realm you're sitting in right now. That's right. &gt;&gt; And he just gone and the kids are without a father and the wife's without a husband and we don't know any of the details. I perhaps I don't know anything more about it, but I just thought, "Father," and I prayed just before I came to this pulpit. I got on my knees and prayed, "Lord, because we do not know at what time we're going to be called, I want to be able to stand. I want to be able to know that I'm uh that everything's right. I want to be able to walk into your presence with peace. I want to know that everything is all right. My friends, because of what I have to say to you tonight, I came actually to this place and I began to think about how God and I'm going to stray from my my subject, but I began to think about how God when he called, that's why I said about David, he saw David as a Samuel saw him as a ruddy child, a young fellow. Never forget when I first walked into Brother Brandham's into his motel. Billy Paul says, "Brother Eddie, Brother Brandham, Daddy." He says, "Brother Eddie's here to see you." Oh. Oh. He said, he called me Brother Biscll. Actually, he said, "Oh, bring him in." Brother Brandham sitting on the edge of his bed and I just walk in because we had communicated with a letter and he looked up and I could see he was startled and he kind of jerked a wee bit and put his finger up. He said, "Oh." He said, "Are are you Brother Biscll?" I said, "Yeah." Oh. He said, he said, "I I thought you were older." He said, "You're you're just a child." And I just smiled. I said, "Well, you know, what you see is what you got sort of thing. That's that's all we can be." But, you know, about 4 days later, he said, "Uh, I made some comment about you when you came into the motel room." I said, "Yeah." He said, "I said I was you said something about you were just child." Yeah. He said I said something about that. He said uh and he he got serious and he kind of winked his eye a wee bit and he said I I found out you're a man. He said, "You've had your fingers burnt a few times." Whoa. Did I ever have my fingers burnt a few times? And I said, "Well, that that's that's right." And uh uh you know I thought that God when he talked to Abraham and there he is you know 75 years old no family a a wife who can't bring forth any children there. He's been there all this time and but God gives him a promise and he believes the promise and God God in his heart because God knew the beginning from the end. You're my friend. You're my friend, Abraham, because you believe me. And you know what? God didn't see just Abraham and Sarah. He saw people like the dust of the like the sand of the sea. He saw people. He saw nations. He saw kings. He saw a people coming out of out of his loins. He He saw the end from the beginning. &gt;&gt; And tonight, I'm so glad you're going to see some of the people you're going to see on the screen. You're going to see them in reality. &gt;&gt; Let me say something else to you. By faith, you're going to hug some of these people. &gt;&gt; Is that all right? &gt;&gt; Would you be willing to do that? &gt;&gt; When you see them, you say, "Praise God, there's a sister. &gt;&gt; There's a brother." In reality, &gt;&gt; Brother Ed, Brother Milo, Brother Randy, or somebody may have seen them, Brother Peter. But you're going to have an opportunity because God sees the beginning from the end. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And then Paul, God showed Paul, I'm just going to take about another six, seven minutes, brother Kevin. Bob, God showed Paul uh the heroes of faith and he wrote about them in Hebrews. And then when he came to the end, he said this. Wherefore, seeing we are also comp we are also compassed about with a great cloud of witnesses. Let us lay aside every weight. I think we need to see the great cloud of witnesses and see beyond these walls and see beyond this little realm and see beyond where we live and our friends, our associates, you know, our family. See way beyond it. Are you prepared to do that? I'm preaching to you friends right out of my heart. See beyond that and see this great cloud of witnesses. It will help us to lay aside every weight. &gt;&gt; And the sin was just so easily beset us. And let us run with patience the race that is set before us. That's what he said. Apostle Paul points us to the great cloud of witnesses. He didn't just see the handful of people that was with him or the even the multitude that was with him, but he saw a great cloud of witnesses. And as he said in Romans which we read, so we being many, we are one body in Christ. And so the call of God is not to one, but it's to to all. And uh and I I wrote down what what God spoke to Samuel when he looked and but the Lord said to Samuel, "Look not on his countenance or on the height of his stature because I have refused him. For the Lord seeth not as man seeth, for man lookth on the outward appearance, but the Lord lookth on the heart. God forbid that we look on the outward appearance. We know that the outward appearance according to the word of God is we know what's correct. But I'm speaking of uh judging a person's spirituality. And he God said to uh David, he said, "I took you from the sheep coat." Thus said the Lord, I took you from the sheep coat, from following the sheep to be ruler over my people Israel. And that's what God saw. And before you see the rest of this evening, I want to say when I moved to this town in 1967, they were having the armistice, November the 11th armistice gathering at the senotap for the world uh war men who had fought in the war. And they were celebrating that. and I moved into what was to become the Cloverdale Bible Wayhouse. The passion, I'm not saying this just for uh information. I'm saying this as an announcement and laying this on you and asking God to drive it to the very depths of your soul. The passion was I knew in my heart. I saw all these young people and the hippies at that time wandering around and looking for something real and and and they were so lost and they were fed up with their parents' money and materialism. They were fed up with their old formal churches twice dead and plucked up by the roots. They were fed up with all of their society things and everything. They just wanted to, you know, they just wanted to be happy. And I've talked to them and said, "We just want to be happy." And I knew that I had down here what they needed to have in order to be happy. And I knew something. I didn't know all that much about the message, but I knew that message was the answer for this generation. And my friends, God has proven that to be so. &gt;&gt; And that's why. And brother Thomas just one of them. And there were so many others. Brother Don Alexander was one of the first and other young men came and they some of them lived in the basement had another old house and some of them stayed there and some of the girls uh uh some of the girls to get them off the streets and they were went into the girls' house and it went on then it went on from that to the radio and went on from that to the tapes and cleaning the tapes and duplicating them filtering them and duplicating them and brother Lance duplicated one year almost a 100,000 tapes. He he made cassettes for them and they then they were duplicated and given out to anybody on their radio broadcast whoever wrote and 500 about 500 a month in Canada about United States and Canada about 500 a month over in Africa and brother Billy Ratif was looking after it and it just went on from that then it goes from there to discs and goes on from that into video and people came in and people were birthed by the word and all I can say friends that passion in this man's heart right now has never changed one iota. I'm more consumed with it probably tonight than I ever have been in my life. And it doesn't mean that you have to stand up and preach. I wasn't preaching. I was working for a living. But I knew that these boys needed to hear it. These young ladies, they need to hear it. They need to hear. I know that what was on that tape, that voice, it changed your life. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You can't just toot along and not hear it. You heard brother Ton this morning. That voice will literally change your life. That is transforming power. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I got a long email. We haven't got time for a long email out of China's uh forwarded by brother Murphy, brother Ivan, I guess. And and and and when I finished that, Brother Ivan, I simply said, I have just read the next chapter of the book of Acts. I was so moved here. I've I've read the Bible all my life. I said, I've just read the next chapter of the book of Acts. That's what's happening, friends. &gt;&gt; We don't want to just sit and think it's not happening. It is happening. It's a supernatural work that God is doing. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Step into what God is doing. &gt;&gt; Amen. you can do something even even so very very little and so simple. And so we want to we want to enter into a a state of real brotherhood. And uh I'm what we're what we're here for and what you see when you see what's taking place tonight. you young men and you young ladies and you young families, we're interested in fostering &gt;&gt; uh and advancing this message &gt;&gt; and uh believers everywhere &gt;&gt; whatever means and whatever possible way that God allows us and by his grace over these many years we have been able to do that and continue to do so. &gt;&gt; We'll continue to do so. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's absolutely amazing what has been taking place and you'll you'll see a lot more. Now, I'm going to turn the service over to brother Kim and I just pray that God will so inspire uh all of you brothers and that you'll just speak with uh speak with conviction and just tell what you have met and how you have seen things and uh uh uh I I just believe that it will be a real blessing to the people. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham said, "Look away to Jesus. I may not do it, but this message will introduce Jesus Christ to the world." &gt;&gt; For as John the Baptist was sent to forerrun the first coming, so is the message to forerrun the second coming. And John said, "Behold the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world." He said, "So, it's paralleled in every way, and I know it will." And I could say, "Brother Brandom, if he was standing here today, and it has, and we are so thankful for every little part, every time you have prayed, we're not taking up an offering. We're not even interested in that. We're interested in you feeling a part. And when you see another person up there, you say, "That might be an arm. That might be a finger." Listen, in the body of Jesus Christ, do you think there's any member of his body that isn't delightful and precious to him? &gt;&gt; Everyone is. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; Absolutely. &gt;&gt; He said the day is breaking. The daybreak is coming and this great one, the spirit of God, that'll come upon somebody in these last days that'll herald this message and will bring the hearts of the children back to the Pentecostal fathers. I say it into the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, it has happened. It is happening and we're able to were able to have some little part. It would wouldn't make what part wouldn't mean one business one makes no difference to me. Listen, I Brother Brandham said, I worked and he was a linesman and he was a game warden and all the rest of it. I've swept floors. I've washed windows. I've scrubbed people's floors for $2 an hour so that I could go to the native Indian people. I know what it is to work. I peel logs for the church for the other church and peel logs for another church as well. It it makes no difference. I think it's a it's a pleasure. It's an honor and it's a it's a it's just a wonderful thing to be able to do anything &gt;&gt; for the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. For any brother, for any sister, for whoever they are, it's an honor. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm not preaching that for you. I'm saying it out of my own heart. It's an honor. &gt;&gt; I I think it's an honor to do something for God's people. Do you say amen? &gt;&gt; God bless you. God bless you immensely. Brother Kimman, God bless you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I I can tell you one thing. This brother worked hard and accomplished great things in in in India after he left us. And God bless you, brother Kim. &gt;&gt; Bless. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, it's wonderful to be here with you this evening. When brother Bis said I'm going to be another six or seven minutes, I hoped he meant 67 minutes. He could have just took the evening. Amen. Amen. So, we want to spend the evening tonight talking about some of the things that are going on overseas. You know, there, you know, sometimes in the congregation, we don't get time to share it. And my wife says to me, you know, you get up there and you talk so nervously and so fast, people don't even understand what you're saying. So, I'm going to try and slow down a little bit and really just, you know, I'll I might take a little more time than I'm comfortable with, but I want to really help you to understand what the vision of our pastor, what the burden is to get the message out to people and then talk about the different ways that we're that that we're doing that. If we could have the overheads on, please. So, we just recently returned from a a little over a fiveweek trip, which is a which is a long time to be away from home, longer than I like to be. And and when we when we left originally, there was some meetings that Brother Biscll was was planning to have in Switzerland. And you know, I thought, well, it's Switzerland, it's Europe, and I don't usually go to Europe. But brother Biscll pressed me a little bit. He said, I think you need to be there. And of course after a while, you know, you learn to listen to your pastor, right? You know, if your pastor says that's where you need to be, then that's probably where you need to be. So, so the the the meetings were in Switzerland. We're going to be over a weekend and then four weeks later there was another series of meetings in Moscow, which of course those two places are fairly close together. We'll look at the map in a minute. And I thought, well, I could go and come back. But then I looked at the price of tickets and I found out, well, you know, that's going to cost us, you know, I thought I'm I'm not that far from India. Maybe I should slip down to India and Indonesia and some of these other places. So that's what we did. We set up an itinerary and we just traveled around some of those areas and then met up again in Moscow. So if you could just put that onto the next slide. I'm going to talk a little bit about, you know, what our objectives were, our agenda for tonight. Um, we're going to talk a little bit about the meetings in Switzerland and from Switzerland. We went through Cro Croatia and Slovenia and Israel. Brother Milo is going to come talk to us about those things. Um, Brother Richard's been involved for a very long time in the humanitarian things and some of the outreach things that have been going on in some of the former East Block countries. Some of you know about that and some of you don't. Uh and then brother Randy Snow is going to come talk to us about the uh the meetings in Russia and then when they're finished I'll take over and we'll talk about Indonesia and the things that are going on in India and some of the things with with the with the going forward with the message hub. You know we've been working very hard in India for the last few years and haven't even really told you what we're doing there. So so we want to bring you up to speed on that. Uh so if I can have the next slide. The the objectives of this trip was really to establish coordinators for languages all around the world. We're currently working in the message on the message hub. We have 43 different languages that we're working in. Um I have banked up eight or nine more languages that are ready to go up on the hub. I just don't have the arms and legs to get them there. Um, so what we're doing is establishing people that can coordinate the activity in a certain language to get the messages up onto the hub. So a language coordinator identifies location uh and and needs for mesh material and translation and print stations. They install print stations and train them how train people how to use them and work with translating and formatting get the messages up. We also wanted to modernize the operation in India to remove the old printing equipment and establish coordinators for languages. I'll talk a little bit more about that later. And uh on this trip we provided print stations and trained operators in Russia, Indonesia, India and Israel on this trip was really the objectives of this trip. So if we can go to the next slide. Uh this is a map of the world as you can see to kind of show you where we went. Um maybe you can just follow with your pointer up there. We we started in Vancouver and traveled through to uh and and traveled through to Zurich where we had the meetings. From Zurich, we slipped down to Israel. Let me tell you how that happened. Um I didn't really have a desire or a thought to go to Israel. And just a few weeks before this trip was to was to happen, a sister came to me and said, uh, and and she's a single sister, an elder sister, and came to me and said, "Brother Kim, what does a print station cost?" And I said, "Well, it's about $1,200 is about what it costs." Okay, that was the whole conversation. And the next weekend, she came to me with an envelope in her hand, and she says, "I was praying and the Lord told me to give you $1,200 to put a print station in Israel." And I didn't know there was believers in Israel. I didn't know that we needed a Prince station in Israel, but the Heavenly Father did. And so a few days later, Brother Milco came to me and he says, "Brother Kim, why don't we go to Israel?" And I'm thinking, "Okay." And so out of the mouth of two or three witnesses, you know, God put that together. And you'll hear from Brother Milo the wonderful things that happened there in Israel, and you'll see why that happened that way. From there, from Israel, we traveled on to uh we we actually traveled on to um sorry, we went I traveled through to Singapore and Malaysia and Indonesia to meet with brother Eto. Uh brother Eto's a brother who's been translating there in Indonesia and we've been trying for a couple of years actually get a print station to him and different people said to me, well, I'm going I'll take one and this and and it just never got there. So, so, so we went there. Then from there from Indonesia we went to the number five bullet up there which is to India and spent a little over a week in India and then flew up to Moscow to meet with the brothers there for the meetings there and then uh from from there we flew back home. One of the things that happened that brother Biscll mentioned the other day while we were in uh in Zurich maybe you could just put the next slide up. While we were in Zurich one morning, I was thinking, you know, it would be really good if we had a small book, you know, this little book that you can put in your shirt pocket. And I was so happy the other day when Brother Biscll gave us testimony about the Lord dealing with them on this because he said, "I read the little book that Brother Kim gave me." And no matter who I give one of these books to, a few days later, they come back with a testimony. I was reading in this book because this little book fits in your pocket. And if you're at the doctor's office, on the bus, wherever you are, it's there. And and and you end up, you pull it out. And I find I read the message a lot more now that I have this little book in my pocket. It's just just always there. And so I was sitting thinking, you know, we really should do this. And then brother Daniel Coenberger came up to me and said, "Have you thought about making a small book the same day?" And I said, "Well, yeah, yeah." I said, "As a matter of fact, I was thinking about it this morning." So he's quite an industrious man. So then, so a few hours later, he came back with one in his hand. He said, "What do you think of this format?" And so that's kind of how that happened. And so we traveled in all of these countries. Everywhere I went, we were installing print stations. So I was printing these books. Literally, when I walked down the aisle after showing him in the church in Moscow, a brother I was walking with in my hand, he reached right out and he grabbed them from me as I walked by. And I had to wrestle one back because I needed one to show show to people. And so I found that everywhere that I went of this these these these little books. So let me ask you a question. How many would like to have this kind of a book? Oh, I'm so glad to see that because what the what we need to do to get this these little books on the hub is is about 1,000 hours of work. That's what it's going to take. And I see that we've had about 300 hands. So that's only about three hours each, right? And this is the type of engagement that we're doing everywhere we go around the world. You know, I was I was standing in the meeting hall. You see the picture there where brother Murphy is in this meeting hall before the meeting started. And I was just walking up and down. I was watching the young men working, setting up the sounding, doing all these things. And the Holy Spirit spoke to me and said, "You need to engage these people in this work because you've got a bunch of young men. You know, Brother Biscllow's known them for some time. have a bunch of young men who are anxious to do something for God and there's much to be done and so it's a matter of engaging them and and I want to do the same here and I did the same in India and I did the same in Indonesia and the same in the Philippines is is to say there are things to do and outside of brother Peter when brother Peter comes up all the people that are going to talk to you tonight are not preachers and they don't work in the realm of ministry I don't work in the realm of ministry everywhere I go the brethren ask me can you preach tonight and I say Oh, well, why not? Well, I'm not called. It's really quite simple, you know, and and and so uh and so that's not the realm I work in. That's not that's not what I do. But yet getting the message into the hands of the people and and equipping them to be able to print the messages for themselves. You know, I asked a brother when I was in Indonesia. There was another brother traveling through and I asked him a very simple question. And I said, "Brother," I said, "you like to travel through and maybe have a weekend of services." And I said, "You have a weekend of services and go away." I said, "I'm here for the weekend and I'm going to leave a print station behind and I'm going to spend three days training the brothers how to get the messages up on the hub, how to print their own books, and how to have access to the message. Which one's going to have the more lasting impact?" Right? You're putting the message in the hands of the people, right? So, starting in Zurich, you know, the the the I thought it was tremendous. The end of the Zurich meetings, Brother Biscll stood up and and and said he had one little phrase that he wanted to summarize the entire meetings with. And he just looked at the people and he said, "Do something." And that was really the summary of the Zurich meetings was, you know, do something. There's much to be done. So, with that, I'm going to leave I'm going to leave I'm going to leave off Zurich. if you want to come out, brother Milco, and talk to us about Zurich, Croatia, and I'll talk to you a little bit more about Indonesia when we're when we get there. &gt;&gt; God bless you. It's when I listen to this uh service tonight, just a few minutes, it's such a privilege to be part of the plan of God. We know that we're in the will of God, whatever we do. And I'm just so happy and it's like brother Ed said is an honor. It's a privilege to be in the service of the Lord. Now, we just came from a long trip um starting again in Switzerland. Uh you see brother and sister Tutas from Romania. They drove about close to two days from Romania just to be the at the meetings. Uh he's a translator and he wanted to see the hub situation. He wasn't quite sold on it yet, but after speaking to brother Kim here for a few minutes, he says, "I'll let all the messages go on the hub." And he has quite a few of them in Romanian languages. very wonderful couple. They stayed for the whole time and then drove back back to Romania. Uh my experience in in Switzerland was again like last year a spirit of unity, hunger, people are tired like if I wouldn't do what I'm doing um in the word would would die. what what else is there to do &gt;&gt; but to take the message to somebody else &gt;&gt; you know that's the only life we have anything else doesn't matter it's just a supplementary thing that so um from the meetings in Turi which were just wonderful and you can see the fruits of the spirit and fruits of the work and brother Ed's ministry and brother uh Murphy spoke and uh it was just a wonderful time the way people are hung hungering receiving the message and they want to go on with it and do something like brother Ed said at the end and they caught that and they do want to do something it's starting a fire and this uh hub is something else is just unbelievable there is opposition to it is people don't understand not because they don't want to they just don't understand what this is all about and once it is explained and they see books popping out they just, you know, they just grab like brother Kim said and they want more and more and more. So, it's it's a revolution out there with a hub and I think we'll see some great things in very near future. Um, we decided to take some time off and we drove down to with the brother Kim, sister B and sister Hedi to Italy, Slovenia, Croatia and um met with the Lerga family first, brother Jonathan, the whole family for about um we were there overnight. Uh then we went to east northeastern Slovenia to meet. Can you do the next slide please? Yes. Uh here we are in Slovenia in Croatia. Here on the right side I'm explaining there's a castle that brother Ed knows very well about where my forefather had something to do there. And um and that's the family in Croatia. uh we spend you know a couple of days with them. The next slide then here you have in the bottom brother Roman and sister Sonia. They are the trans new believers just couple of years in the message. Um they came they came to the message over the internet and they started reading and to make long story short they were adriatic sea of the holidays and they said we must be baptized. So they baptized each other. &gt;&gt; But later on as they met brother uros they saw that they should be properly rebaptized again. And there you have brother Uros and family on the left on top and that's who we were all together in his house the whole group. Uh brother Uros by the way he said to brother Kim that he will uh work with him and start sending on messaging to the hub. And I just received a large email from him that uh he has about 15 messages that are uh some are ready about seven of them. Uh the rest are still to have to be proof read and some are just in the process of being translated. And uh but the other couple Sonia and uh and Roman they translated seven. We have seven already on the hub and there's more to come. They're very uh anxious to translate and keep on going. Next. And here we are in Israel. Um these are my very sorry my very dear friends. Uh on the left here you have brother Sergey. looks like he will be the leader in that group. It's possible. We don't know yet, but the inclination is that way. Brother, he's the one that um after being in Alusha, Ukraine meetings two years ago, he watched brother Kim demonstrating the uh the hub. He came to Israel right away and Sorry. Printed about 25 messages right away. Uh, Sister Julia on top, she's our interpreter. She's and her husband are the only two that speak English. They're Russian Jews. Some are partly this. We have gain in the middle is 100% Jews. Jew. Brother Victor uh who travels also to Alusha to the meetings many times. He lives in Eshkolon and the rest of them are in Tel Aviv. And um we left them um printing station and I just received an email from them and they said um I sent them an email and they said I I'll she said Julia who's a translator she said I'll read your message to everyone and say hello from you. Thank you very much for hub printer. We read the sermons and hand them out. I was very blessed by the sermon why are people so tossed about and rem recommended it to all my friends and relatives and people at work and then she said we're waiting for brother and sister Biscoll to come and visit us. Amen. So, um, they're very, uh, hungry for the message. They want to, they're looking for a translator into Hebrew language. They, they're just, we just, they're just so blessed. They told me privately how blessed they are that they have a printer that they can just print any message they want right now in Russian, especially in Russian language. And um so they will send you please give our love and greetings to church in Cloverdale Julia and message believers of Israel. Also in the Croatian language we have 59 languages on the hub right now and that they continue to translate all the time. Serbia brother Alladin who was here last year is still translating has 91 messages on the hub with and he works with Drago Dragoir who is a has a small church close by and uh Alladin and him they created live streaming so that many people in uh different countries who don't speak any other language but Serbian they could listen directly into the services Serbian languages es and uh the Croatians, Serbians, and Slovenians too. They're all sending a lot of books, DVDs, and CDs all over the world in the country. People are writing in. So, we don't know what and what will happen, but the the word is going out. And uh the last one is brother Miracle in Chicago. Brother Tom, I guess we'll have to go this week at the end of the month. They're waiting for us. And I believe Mira's wife, Jifka, wants to get baptized and they're waiting for a tomb and bring the word to them. Amen. Well, I thank you and forgive me and God bless you. Amen. Amen. And if you've traveled abroad and have met the saints other in in other countries, you'd fully understand how brother Milco feels tonight. You know, they they when I came home, the first song I I led, if you recall, was I'm so glad to be a part of this family of God. They've taken me into their into their heart, and I had just met all these new believers around the world, and they've taken me into their heart, and I'm just so glad to be a part of this family. &gt;&gt; Amen. You know, everybody in the world is looking for a place to belong. I'm so thankful that I belong to Christ and the body of Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. Uh just to recoup a few of the things in uh in Zurich. Um you saw the picture. Maybe just back up too if you don't mind the the picture of the brother who's uh back up one more. Brother Reggu Radu on the on the top there and his wife. He sent me yesterday the first book in Romanian that they they've now got formatted and ready for the hub. And so he's just uh he's just working away at it. We spent time and trained them there when we were there. Much the same as what the young people are doing here, getting them formatted up onto the hub. He found that the the translations that were available, he felt needed some work. So he's going through and editing and and rewarding and re and and upgrading them all and getting them ready. So that we got right away. Um, also, uh, we got an email, brother Biscll and I both got the same email today from brother Daniel who's, uh, working with the German language. And brother Biscll really pressed the German people, I felt, when we were there in the meetings in Zurich to say, why don't you have more messages available? And and brother Daniel really took it to heart. And he's been busy. Uh we spent time with brother Gird and all the different German people that I ran into at the different parts of the trip like when we got to Moscow all said that they had had a call from Daniel looking desperately for German translations. So he's the the pressure he's feeling the pressure and he said that they have found about right now we have about 72 German messages on the hub. He found about 280 of that. There's about 178 different ones and he's working to get permission from all of the different translators to get them up onto the hub. And again, seeing how that, you know, often times a translator gets discouraged because he translates and nobody prints the book, so he can't afford to print the books and they don't get printed and so they get discouraged. So what we see is a real renewal now when people say, "Okay, well put it up in the hub now. Print it immediately." It's actually inspiring the translators to to to to get back into translating. So, we're seeing a a a big growth and part of what I want to convey to you tonight. You know, some people have said, "Well, we've heard you're not working so much in the Philippines and India and things are kind of winding down at Bible believers." Let me tell you, it's exactly the opposite. It's absolutely opposite. We're currently working, as I said, in 43 languages. I have another nine I need to get on the hub and I don't physically have time to do it. I mean I can handle three or four languages myself and brother Murphy is looking after Chinese and brother Ivan and brother Ivan's looking after a few more languages which means we are currently behind in about 35 languages of messages that need to be up and work that needs to be done and we just need we need arms and legs. That's what we need. So the some of the other brothers, um, Brother Iverson, your brother Jonathan came to me and said, "There's more Dutch messages. Why aren't they up on the hub?" And I said, "I don't know. You probably want to ask the Iversons cuz they put all the rest up." And asked them why they're not up on the hub. So So uh, he basically said, "Oh, you mean I can do that myself?" And I said, "Mhm." So he's going to go to work and do that. He also he also uh agreed um offered actually uh to work with the Italian messages because we don't have any Italian messages on the hub and again there's some around so he's now starting to do the work of contacting all the different translators and going to get that together. So I really felt that uh there was some really lasting things that happened in the meetings in Zurich in that many people became really engaged in the concept and stirred up. You know, we talked to the brothers, you know, we've talked to you before about Sister Fasia who's in uh Algeria and received the message over the internet and uh you know, she's quite a little missionary and she has three or four converts now and they have a little group and I encouraged the brothers in in Switzerland, you know, brother Francois who who speaks French like she does and it's an hour and a half flight for him to go see her and I said, you know, why don't you get on an airplane and go see her? you know, it's difficult for me all the way from North America or for brother Bisco and we don't speak the language when we get there. So really really working to engage and partner with as many people as we can to do this to do this great work and the same going through Slovenia and and and Croatia working with the different translators there and we met so many I just have to say wonderful people on this trip. If I look at brother Jonathan Larga and and you know some of you some of you actually know him. He's a young man. Uh Milco, how old is he? &gt;&gt; 28. &gt;&gt; He's 28 years old. Um the services that come from here. He he went and bought a computer and set it up so that it can stream. So he sits and streams the services as they come from Cloverdale and he translates them into &gt;&gt; Croatian. He translates them into Croatian live and streams them out from his places to several locations all over Croatia so that people can actually hear the services. And nobody's paying him to do that. &gt;&gt; He does that on his own, you know, and and we ran into so many people like that, you know, the the the the other couple uh brother Roman and his wife. I mean, they're just translating. They have a burden to get the message to the people that speak their language. You know, there's certain people you meet them and you realize they either either the Holy Spirit spoke to them directly or they read the message convinced then concerned &gt;&gt; because if you're really convinced this is the truth, &gt;&gt; you're concerned about your brother &gt;&gt; and and I can't hardly imagine that I would know another language. You know, so many places I go where they have four, five, six messages or or even 50 messages. You know, I I asked a brother in Africa once I said, "How many message do you have in Swahili?" He said, "About 50." I said, 'Well, do you realize you've you've exposed your people to less than 5% of what God sent in this age? And you know, it was it was brother Zephaniah Peters. And he looked at me, he says, 'Oh, brother, that sounds so bad when you say that, but but it's still the truth, you know. So, so I really felt that the time in Europe was really, really well spent in that many people have been engaged in the work. You know, there's just so many people that, you know, one of the ministers the other day, it might have been brother Biscell, I heard say, you know, it's not just go to church, come home, go to church, come home. That's like that's like driven cattle. You know, let's get engaged and let's be part of this work. And and I can't think of anything more humbling than to be involved when we look at, you know, all the great things of this earth and think about what is God doing in our generation today? the God of heaven of all ages. What is he doing in this age? You know, he's calling a people by his word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And he's asked us to be a part of it. &gt;&gt; I mean, it's it's it's an incredibly humbling thing. We're going to ask brother Randy to come talk to us about Moscow. Where you hiding, Randy? Behind there. Come, Randy. And Ry's going to talk to us about about the meetings in Moscow. It was good to have Randy along. You know, when you're traveling in a foreign country, you know, it's always good to have a big guy with you. Amen. Come, Randy. Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, God bless you guys. Um, I don't know why they got me into this, but I'll give you the best shot I can give you. &gt;&gt; You know, I it was a real p privilege to go with brother Ed on this trip to Moscow. Um, well, I can't see, so I'm going to turn around. Anyway, um I wrote some notes here and I says, you know, um you know, it was an honor to go with him to travel with a friend and my pastor to see all he goes through to get to the word out and all the other ministers. So like I it blew my mind that what he has to go through to get to these places to preach to give the word out and you know it's not a vacation. It's um basically hard. It's really hard. And just to throw you to show you some of the pictures, that's when we're getting into the to the uh airport after 15 hours or 17 hours or who knows. And you can see the carts with with the print stations, brother Biscoll, brother Richard Drake, some of the brothers there. And the bottom picture is where they u brother Sergey picked us up and then uh we were all dead, right? We're ready to go to to to uh bed, but they decided that they wanted to feed us. So, um away we go. So, the next next slide. So, there's the uh a little bit of the church, pictures of the church. We're looking at the church. Uh I was quite impressed with the way they built the place. The only thing I was a little bummed about is there was one only one only one exit getting out of there and they had no exit signs and no fire extinguishers, but that's just sort of me. &gt;&gt; They're going in the raptor, brother. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, uh again, that was just me. So, uh just little notes, I guess, in construction. Uh and then the next slide. And then this is um a picture of Brother Sergey's house. And the way brother Eda was explaining to me and brother Sergey was that they had to build it to build to get the building built. He had to move and so they had to build his place first and then try to build the rest of the church. So that's all the brothers sitting there in the kitchen there with uh brother and sister Sergey uh eating breakfast. Now the only other thing I'll say because I think that's the last slide, right? is um that you know, brother Ed asked me to say sort of what I thought of the trip and why uh what I got out of it. And so I guess in my own words, the best way I can say it is um I learned how dedicated the saints are, you know, going there and uh how hungry they were for the word um and brother Brandham's message. So it was like wow. And then um I get then I you know I wrote another note again this is again just me. I said I guess what I personally brought back from the trip is how much we have if I can read this compared to what the saints in other countries have. In other words, and so I'm going to use a word I've got in trouble with for but we're spoiled. And um sing here. In other words, um like they were so happy to see brother Kim the messages. They both happy to hear brother Gearwell Rotoall. They were so happy to hear brother Ed and uh brother Kim show the print stations. They were like and I don't want to say it wrong. They were foaming at the mouth. They were ready for everything. And um you know we me I guess growing up in the message have taken it so common. So anyway, that's what I got out of it. That is maybe we need to be better, get a little stronger and try to help get this stuff out. And u I'd go again, but uh Brother Ed and all these ministers, they they deserve a medal. &gt;&gt; Anyways, thank you. [Music] Amen. Thank you, brother Randy. Moscow, we're going to have brother Richard come and talk to us shortly. Um, you know, in Moscow, we took a print station there that Brother Biscll and Brother Randy each carried a carried a print station all the way there, and that's that's always a challenge in getting it through the airport. the one that we took all the way to Indonesia. We started with it in Vancouver and took it to Zurich and from Zurich we went to Israel and Israel to Singapore and Singer the port of Malaysia and carried this print station all the way as as we got there. And it was interesting getting out of Israel because of course there's very heightened security there. So I I wheeled up with this thing. You know how it is trying to get some of this odd stuff through an airport, you know, and especially Israel. So, they're careful about what they allow on an airplane in case it's got something unfriendly in the package, you know. And so, I wheeled it up to security and they just looked at that and started shaking their head right away. And she and the woman asked me in security, she says, "What's in that box?" I said, "It's a printer. Where's it going?" "It's going to Indonesia." "Why are you taking a printer to Indonesia?" "Well, they need a printer." "Are there no printers in Indonesia?" "Yes, there's printers in Indonesia, but you know," and I explained the whole thing. And what are you printing? Well, we're printing Christian literature. do you have a sample? I had a pocketbook. And I said, "Yeah, I got a sample right here." And I handed it to her. And you know, it was, "Believest thou this?" And so she looks at this and she starts flipping through and she starts reading this and reading this and reading this. And after a while, she says to me, "Who is this guy?" I said, "He's the f he's a prophet, the fulfillment of Malachi 4, preparing the hearts of the children for the coming of the Lord." and she just kind of looked at me and said, "Okay, over there in the high security, we got a nutcase here, you know, but uh you know, by God's grace, we got it through and got it all the way to Indonesia, but it's it's it's it's always a challenge to get it, you know, to to get things done." And you know to to add to what brother Randy said, you know, when you're traveling, you know, it's it's it's annoying enough to get through airports and whatnot, let alone having a 70 lb printer or as we did when we got to Zurich, three of them, you know, and trying to get through the customs and security and all that. So that's why I'm really happy to be partnered with the with the work that Brother Richard is doing of sending things all over the place because brother Richard sends boxes of clothes and we slide in their printers and toner and cartridge and all those things to get them around the world. So come talk to us about what you're working with, Brother Richard. Uh just before I uh uh start here, just if I just read a scripture, uh Galatians chapter 6. I've read it before and uh it's just uh one of my favorites. Um and I'm going to start in verse 7. Be not deceived. God is not mocked. For whatsoever a man sweth that he also that shall he also reap. For he that sweth to his flesh so shall of the flesh reap corruption. But he that sweth to the spirit shall of the spirit reap life everlasting. And let us not be weary in welloing. For in due season we shall reap &gt;&gt; if we faint not. As we have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith. &gt;&gt; Um, you know, God put it on my heart. He gave me that opportunity in 2001 and uh is to respond to a natural need for the saints. I know you can uh the denominational world has perfected the art of works and although I don't subscribe to that at all. Um it has to be balanced. If you ever decide to read the book of James, James talks about how your works should be demonstrating the kind of faith you have on the inside. So there is a balance to all that. And um the saints in the former Soviet Union um were under extreme economic duress in 2001 99201 and God gave me this opportunity um you know sometimes if you're a young man going to work and I was pushing a broom for the school board and I kept thinking God I wanted to work for the school board so I could be in contact with young people so I could witness the gospel and suddenly I find myself pushing a broom after all the kids have gone home. Why am I here doing this? Well, it it gave me the opportunity to come across a um uh the vast majority of of clothing that initially went to the third world and the communist countries and that kind of thing was lost and found from schools. So, it gave me a contact. Everything you do in life, God has a purpose for it. So, don't worry about the box God put you in, you're there for a reason. Okay. So, um, the there's three basic things that people have in life. That's shelter and food and clothing. And so, I just looked at this and thought if I can just simply give them some clothing, surely they'll have a little leftover, some better shelter and, you know, to be able to feed themselves. Um, I know that over the years it's proved to be exactly that. It's worked out very, very well. Uh, my trip to these meetings, I wasn't actually going to go. Uh, I kept tossing it around. It's expensive. It's uh I wasn't really going for it's not a very long time that I was going to be over there. Um I mean I was there in 2007. I got a good perspective of what the country was about um with brother Gido and of course I came back. I never ever gave a report on that because I kind of landed here right at the the the Sunday before the missions 2007 convention and the whole church was immersed in that and uh and time went on. So, but it gave me a really good basis to find out that uh how would I put this? Um well, I'll put it this way. In Matthew, uh chapter 24, I think it is, uh Jesus has the young lady's come in and she's broke the alabaster box on his head. And uh everybody's all up in arms and saying that should have been sold and given to the poor. And and Jesus made the statement, "The poor you have with you always. me you don't have with you always. And Karl Marx's philosophy of from every man according to his ability and to every man according to his need did not get rid of Jesus Christ statement that the poor you have with you always. The Soviet Union definitely had the poor. However, I could go to one place which is Shushinskoy in central Siberia just above the Mongolian border in the mountains and find that I could feed four people at the restaurant for about nine bucks US and they were quite full. And then I went up the road on the Trans Siberian railway to Kimiero and it cost N bucks just for one person because in that city everybody had a job. In the other city they don't. So um putting in perspective that's Shushinsko is one of the places where we send humanitarian aid stuff to. Um anyway, when I was at these meetings in Russia, I thought, well, you know what, it there's been a financial crisis in in uh globally and uh things have changed. So, it's it's it's um well, this church of all churches knows what the differences in culture is like. We have a lot of cultures that sit here and uh even from Canada to the United States, it's a difference in culture. People think differently. They respond differently to different things. And um it's tough to try to get information from east block countries from an email or you ask them you know how's it going what's happening um and it's oh don't worry about it brother Lord always looks after us everything's just fine it's like that's why not not the question that I asked you I need to know what's going on and I don't it's just really hard so consequently I thought well you know what here's the golden opportunity there'll be a lot of brothers there from all over I can find out what's going on so anyway Um let's see some places in Russia weren't affected at all by the international problem of the the big monetary fund situation and uh some places were completely devastated. So the kind of scenario we had as far as economic crisis is concerned in 2001 uh where people were out of work, the churches were kind of putting together money to even be able to feed some families. Uh they couldn't afford, you know, clothes for their children. Um that kind of thing. There was some places that are right back in exactly the same situation again. Um Ukraine still seems to be uh probably the highest on that priority list. Ukraine has really got hit really hard. I asked brother Victor from Nova Kaznetsk. said, "Um, did the economic crisis affect any of the folks in the church there?" And he just smiled at me and said, "Well," he said, "we're poor people, so we didn't notice." So, it uh they're actually doing they weren't doing bad then and not doing bad now. Um just a quick note that from 2001 to 2009 this particular project whether it's been uh you know assisted with uh men of vision or Bible believers um we've spent just a bit over $37,000 and we've shipped just a little right around 36 uh metric tons of clothing to the east block countries. That's about 80,000 lbs of clothes. uh it's around 17 or 1,800 boxes of clothes. Um in perspective, uh you know, the United States has 309 million people. Uh Russia's got 142 million. Canada's only got 34 million. But in as far as land area is concerned, Russia's number one, Canada's number two, US is number three. Okay? It's a big place. Uh Russia's huge. It's twice the size of Canada. Uh, if you took the lower 48 from Seattle to New York, you've got four time zones. Russia's got 11. Okay? It's a big place and it's very difficult to get stuff around. If I send a box today, it'll arrive about 8 months later. Okay? It takes a long time to get things from here to there. Um, it rushes forever changing the rules all the time. uh some printers that I sent for brother Kim a year and a couple of months ago, 14 months ago, I think it is. They're stuck in Germany because they changed all the rules. So, uh it can take a long time. It uh right now it takes about it takes $2.60 US to get a box, well, the best per pound of what's ever in a box to Russia. Takes 79 cents to get it to the Ukraine. So, the Ukraine tends to get more. So, um I know that we have um I I haven't made a shipment because, you know, with with the economic crisis in the United States and Canada and well Europe and everything else, um there's less disposable income for a lot of people here too because there's places here that were impacted really hard and other places not so much like the British Columbia is not doing too bad and um but it it when you don't have disposable income uh you know offerings are a little harder to make sometimes and that kind of stuff. So, we've got enough money together to make another shipment, which I'll do on Tuesday. I was supposed to do it Saturday, but they they had to cancel on me, the other group. And, uh, so, um, but that'd be the first shipment I've made since September of last year. And, uh, I only wanted to mention that when I was in the meetings, well, brother Vladimir, uh, Royabove, who's the pastor in Daetsk, um, I got a chance to talk to a lot of different ministers, what was going on in their churches, kind of get the feel of things. Uh, brother Vladimir simply told me that when they heard about the economic crisis, first thing the brothers went was, "Well, there goes that source." Um, we'll probably won't see anything else show up. And, uh, about 3 weeks later, there came a bunch of boxes. And they were really grateful. They, well, well, that's probably the end of it. And then a couple of months later, another bunch of boxes. And so uh and he said the brothers were really surprised quite actually that um that the believers here were still giving. And um by the time the fourth set of boxes had come uh they were just like really really amazed. And I told him I says well it's been a little while since I've done it. So I said so there's going to be a gap but you know but God willing we'll still be sending some things. He did mention to me that there was a family there uh well not more than one family there. They haven't had work of any kind in over a year. And the church is taking up offerings to be able to buy them food to eat. And so in order to put clothes on their children and in order to have shoes, because of course walking is what they do primarily if they live in the city because owning a vehicle is excessively expensive. Um if it wasn't for what we sent them, they wouldn't have it. Just that simple. And uh he said they have been extremely grateful for what they've been getting. Um let me take a look at my notes here. Let me see if I forgot anything. Um, now I'm going to get in trouble for doing this, but I'm going to do it anyway. Um, you always get in trouble for doing these kinds of things cuz I might forget somebody, but if I did, well, you'll forgive me. I'm sure I have to ask the people that I'm going to really impose upon to forgive me as well. So, um, I walked into the church when we first, Brother Randy, show you the picture. We went from the airport straight to the church. And when I walked into the church, a brother stepped out of a of a room. He's going to be he's watching me. I know he's watching me. He told me he was going to be doing this. So, and he just went, "Oh, praise the Lord. Brother Drake is here." And I went, I don't know this guy. Who's this guy? And then I said, "Oh, he's familiar." I think I remember seeing a picture of him once. Is one of the translators, Brother Dimma. He actually translated for Brother Gird Rudol during the preaching services. Come to find out, as many of the brothers and sisters all knew who I was because they know, oh yeah, you sit on the right hand side of the church about two to three seats back on the and I'm going, "Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, oh, we really miss you when you're not there. That's okay." So, they serve they stream all of our services. So, they're going to be streaming now. But there's something that I always get I I feel guilty about. I feel really bad about. And that's the fact that when I go over there or when I'm corresponding with them, it's like I'm the guy that's doing all this stuff. Well, I'm not. And so therefore, for those that are streaming, I want you to be watching very carefully. I would like to have the Ron Caldwell family stand up, please. And I'd like to have the Revas family stand up, please. Sister Gail, can you stand up? Ah, can I have the Weber family stand up, please? Got one, two, three. And I want my family to stand up, please, too, cuz they're Americans as well, believe it or not. There we go. So, for those of you that are looking on the streaming, these are the people that put the clothes in the box, and without them, this thing could simply wouldn't take place. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And I want to thank you all for that. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Richard. I've uh with printing and toner and all those things, you know, I encourage brother Richard, make sure you keep sending to sending clothes to the Ukraine and to Russia and those places cuz I need to fill the boxes with toner because the brothers in those countries need supplies for their printers. um as well in Moscow. One of the one of one of my main reasons for being there, a number of the people who have have already received print stations uh were at the meetings and we did some training with them as well. There was another brother, brother Victor from Siberia that came and was looking for a print station. We met brother Pavville, some of you know who he is, brother Nikolai's son in uh in Israel and he specifically asked there's a brother way up in Siberia that needs a print station for his congregation. he's going to be at the meeting. So that's why we took printers again to Russia. Um there's about 15 print stations throughout through the throughout that region of the world, Latvia, Lithuania, Ukraine, and Russia. So there's about 15 print stations there now. I was busy in the basement on on the Sunday morning um and Sunday afternoon printing books. And you know, I've I've gone around the world and you know, some people say to you, "Well, I don't know why you print these books. Nobody needs them." So, so we started the printer Sunday morning while brother Bisc was printing was preaching. I got it all set up and I started I started the printer going and I just went until I ran out of paper. I printed um 80some books and I didn't have any left to show anybody what a book looks like. I mean as fast as we could print them, people were taking them and going with them. So, so there's a real need. So, we what we did was set up the Moscow church as kind of a center. We spend significant time with the brothers there teaching them how to set up computers and print books and all of that and get the messages up onto the hub and and they will act as a depot now so that anybody in that region of the world, anybody from Russia that needs a print station will travel to Moscow and and pick up a print station and get their training and all that. And then we'll be sending supplies into Moscow and that's where they'll that's where they'll get all their supplies. So, we basically set it up there as a as a center for that for that whole region where print stations will go out. So, if we can have the uh overhead back, I'd like to I'd like to talk to you about Indonesia. Um, when we left when we left the uh when we left Israel, you know, my wife doesn't particularly like to travel internationally. Some of you know that. And so when we when we left Israel, you know, and my wife found out that I was going this way and she was going this way, she was not really happy that I was stranding her in the Middle East, you know, and abandoning her. And I said, "This is really easy. You get on the airplane, you fly to Zurich, you wait in the airport 2 hours, you get on another airplane, you get off that one, you'll be at home, your daughter will be at the airport waiting for you." Simple, right? &gt;&gt; Till she got to Zurich. &gt;&gt; Yeah. and there'd been a volcano and she got to spend 5 days in Xerx changing hotels every day because they were all busy and all all all that she had. So in the meantime I went in the opposite direction and went to Asia to spend time there before going to Moscow. So the plan already was that I would fly all night Thursday and all day Friday and I would get a nice hotel and have a nice rest on on Friday night and then fly Indonesia early in the morning Saturday. But I got a call from my wife when I hit uh when I hit Singapore to say I'm stranded in Zurich. I don't have a flight. I don't have a hotel. So I spent all that night trying to make connections for her. So then I then I went straight from doing that straight onto the airplane and straight into Indonesia. So when I hit Indonesia, I had been I hadn't seen a bed in 3 days. Like I it had been from essentially Thursday morning and it was now Saturday morning. and and uh the brothers were so excited to see me because you know they knew I was bringing you a print station and whatnot. So they again you know how it is you you you you feel like going and hiding somewhere but they took me straight to the church. Okay, let's get set up and let's get training, right? So and we had to do that because I only had three days there, you know, Saturday, Sunday, Monday and my flight went out Monday night. So, we right away went over there and we had a lot to cover. The in in the pictures here up in the in the top corner, you see brother Eto in the in the red shirt. Um, I think he probably weighs about 85 lbs. He's quite a quite quite a thin man. Um, but again, he's absolutely convinced that this message is the truth. He's 37 years old. He has a little congregation. He pastors. He's translated 78 messages into Indonesian. And let me tell you about Indonesia. Indonesia is the highest populated Muslim country in the world. Very high percentage of Muslim people and that's who he works among. Um he's translated 78 messages. They have a radio broadcast every Sunday night. A halfhour radio broadcast and they get between 50 to 100 letters every week from the radio broadcast. It reaches over most of Indonesia. And you know we've been trying to get a print station to them. we've been talking via email because with the with the radio broadcast they get all these letters but they don't have sufficient material to to give them anything. They have nothing to give them because they have no they have no way to print books. They have nothing. So we set up the print station and we set up that print station and the books started coming off the print station. Uh, brother Eto, his trustee, and his song leader were all standing there watching this, and these were men that were 35, 40 years old, and they were giggling like little school girls. They just stood there and giggled. They giggled uncontrollably. And they're holding these books and I mean, they were just so excited because because what it was to them was they have a stack of letters to answer &gt;&gt; and now in each one, they can put this little book and they can send a little book to each one of these people. And so when you see the impact that the message hub, you know, to be able to put the message into people's hands, you know, they have a burden, &gt;&gt; you know, I don't go there to preach. &gt;&gt; I go there as a servant to the ministry. And I tell them that right when I get there, as soon as I get there, they say, "Okay, we're having a service tonight and you're preaching." And I just say, "No, I'm not. I'm here to serve you. I'm here to hear you preach." Right? And it is a little bit of a privilege that I have because often when you travel with ministry, you never get to hear the local ministers preach. If I traveled overseas with brother Tom, I'd hear Brother Tom preach, which is okay. I'm I'm okay with that. But often you don't get to hear the local ministry preach. And and so I had the privilege of hearing brother Eto preach on Sunday. And this is a message believer. Straight up hardcore message believer. I mean I mean there was nowhere you could go and fellowship with him in the message where he just wasn't right there with you, you know. So and and and he's absolutely convinced. And so what what we've done now, I talked to him about what we're doing with our young people here. You know, many of you know that our young people have been engaged here in transcribing the message and formatting the message. And I want to hand out a little bouquet here. You know, Brother Brandham talks about how God can get more done with one man surrender than he can with a whole army. Right. &gt;&gt; Well, recently we had a situation where we had to we we had to format 150 messages to get the last 150 messages in English up on the hub. So, we put it before the young people. One young man who's how old is he? 17. One 17-year-old man did 115 of them in two weeks. He had two weeks off school. During that time, he flew, he went to camp. It was our brother Timothy Andes. And he basically did 115 messages in that time. You know, that's not to take away from what everybody else did. The rest got the rest of the message up. They transcribed transcribed other messages. And if they were if you were waiting for me to try and get those sever, you know, three or 4 hundred messages that we got up in the hub, you'd still be waiting. I'm busy. And so, you know, engaging the young people. &gt;&gt; Amen. You know, I I you know, you get in these countries and and and of course they look at you and you're I'll say like this, they look at you and you're old and you've been in the message a long time and so they want to ask you a whole bunch of questions, you know. So there was a young man asked me that asked me a question at the young people's meeting here in Indonesia. And he said, um, brother Kim, um, and it was through through brother ET Talk was interpreting. He says, "Brother Kim," he says, "I go to university. I've got a job. I just don't have time to read the message." you know, he said, "What what what should I do?" And I looked at him and I said, "You ever been in love?" And he was sitting among our young people. And apparently that's that's a little bit embarrassing to ask in front of all the young people. I said, "Cuz the day you get to be in love, you're going to be the guy sitting there in the classroom with your telephone underneath the edge texting her, and you're going to find time in the evening to spend two hours with her. You just need to fall in love with this, and you'll find time for it." And I told him, I said, "When the professor, when you're in a class in the university and you got your textbook here and the professor is talking about something you're not particularly interested in, take this little pocketbook and put it inside and you can just read this little pocketbook with your textbook on the outside." I shared that with brother Isaac in India and he said, "That's how I got through university." He said, "And so if that's what you know, what whatever your priorities are, wherever your heart is, as brother Tom said this morning, that's what you're going to find time to do." &gt;&gt; So we we met, you'll see me sitting there with a whole group of their young people and we met with their young people in the afternoon on Sunday afternoon. We spent five hours with them and talked to them about translating because I talked to brother Eto and I said, "How many messages are you getting done right now?" Well, he said, ' With all my responsibilities, it's really tough to get more than one a month done. I said, 'Well, what if you engaged all the young people? I said, most of them I can talk to, so they speak English, and what if they did the first few levels of translating? They could translate it. They could proofread among them, and then you do the last part of it. And and and he caught it right away. He caught it. He said, "If we did that, we could get four or five a month done." Right? And so, that's what they've done since I've been there. They've done four messages. Um they sent me the first one uh the revelation of uh um revelations chapter 5 or bruise serpent. They did this they did this message. It's now ready to go up in the hub all formatted and going and they're you know he has a group of of of a half a dozen young people from the ages of about 18 to 22 and they're all full of energy and they're just excited to be engaged in this project. And so they're busy translating, getting the message up, printing the small books and it's just a little factory going on there. Since we left, they told me that they have, you know, I've only been home for, I don't know what has it been, 2 weeks, 3 weeks, and they told me that they've printed now five different titles, 200 of each book. So, they've printed over a thousand books since we left with the print station. &gt;&gt; So, I know that they're going to be looking for consumables right away. I got an email that I I I meant to bring here tonight and forgot from Brother ETO, who wanted to express the thanks for the people here. With Brother Eto, you know, they're busy with translating. And I asked him, I said, "Would you like us to support the translating?" I said, "We could offer some financial assistance for the translating." And he said, "No." He said, "I had a meeting with the ministers throughout Indonesia. There's about eight churches throughout Indonesia." He said, "I had a meeting with the brothers recently, and he said, I think it would be wrong for us to take support for translating. We need to support this ourselves from our own churches." So, I I literally we we left him a print station. I couldn't give him any financial support. He wouldn't accept it from me. And so when you see a situation like this, he sent me an email. Since I've been gone, he's been at a minister's meeting. And at the minister's meeting, they've they've kind of figured out what they need for Indonesia. They need another three print stations. Well, you know, three more print stations is about $3,500. So, I'm going to speak about a few needs tonight. They need three more print stations in Indonesia to be able to cover the whole country and be able to get books to everywhere they need. And when you see that and when you see their ambition and their desire to get this word out and they're only asking for a little bit of help, right? You want to get behind that. You know, it's something I learned from Brother Biscll and from Brother Hildebrand, my former pastor, is find somebody who's doing something and see what you can do to help them. You know, as opposed to trying to find somebody who's not doing anything and say, you know, do you want to do something? Find somebody who's doing all he can and then do what you can to enable him. So, Indonesia was was was quite an exciting trip. Um, we, like I say, I was only there for 3 days. The Saturday that I was there training, we were we were training the same as Brother Timothy's been doing on uh on Monday evenings. And those of you who haven't been there should be there. Monday evenings, Brother Timothy is training people how to format the messages. We need to get a thousand of these reformatted into this small size. Who said they'd like to have one of these? Just about as many still want to have one. And so the if you've got a computer and a little bit of time, you can do these reformats and and get these up onto the hub so they're available. We don't only want to do the English on the message hub today. There's about 4500 messages as we if we total up all the different languages and how many books. We want to format them all in this small size for everybody around the world. So it's a big job. There's there's there's much to be done. So when I was training the brothers though, brother Timothy, you know what it's like. So, I was training the brothers on how to do the formatting and like I say, it had been three days since I'd had a bed. So, I would show them, okay, you format like this and you do like this. Okay, now you do it and I'll watch. And then and then I then I realized I was snoring. And they felt it quite humorous because they would they would try it. Okay, now when they got it right, they'd wake me up and say, "Okay, do we have it right? Yes, you got it right. Okay, let's do the next step." And that's kind of how our Saturday session went. So um it was just a wonderful time to be with them. Um you know the the the church where that brother Eto is pastoring recently split off from a larger church and the way that happened in Indonesia they can't have a church that has more than 70 people in it. There's government laws around that and so uh they had a church that was kind of growing just over that size and there was a whole group of people that had come to the message recently on the other side of the city from where the church was. So they just agreed it would be better for brother Eto to go over there and start a church over there and uh and the pastor actually came over and preached the dedication services. It was it was quite a nice atmosphere and uh so so he's over there with u the other outside of himself the longest anybody's been in the message in his church is two years and most of them are under a year and so they're very enthusiastic. They're they're I I expect to just see exponential growth there. They're they've got the radio broadcast. The the young people are out on the street witnessing. You know, I was listening to Brother Biscll talking about what we did when when we first got the message 30 years ago. And that's what's that's the atmosphere that you find in in in Indonesia today. So then uh the the printer that got mixed up in uh in Israel and kind of got rooted all over the place showed up Monday morning and I was leaving Monday afternoon. So we trained on the formatting on Saturday. Sunday we spent service with them and uh between spending service with them, teaching some new songs, they taught me some new songs they like to bring to the congregation over time. And then and then Monday we went to the airport to find this printer that kind of got got there late behind me. And uh I looked at the we went into the airport and they said, "No, no, it hasn't arrived." And I looked in the corner and there it was. It was on a on a cart over there in the corner. And I said to brother ET, I said, "Okay, that's my printer over there. We're just going to go get it. We're going to head straight out the door. We're not talking to anybody." because we didn't have time. We only had a couple hours and I had to fly away and I had to train them how to use it. So that's basically what we did. We just got the cart and we just headed straight for the door. And a customs guy just as I was going out the door looked at me and says, "What's in that box?" I said, "A printer." And I just kept out the door we went and away we went. So uh that's pretty much how we got around the world with that uh with that equipment. Um, so we just had a wonderful time and that's that that is a group of people that you know that you meet that are they're on fire. You just want to do what you can. So what I committed to them, we're going to find a way to get them three more print stations. We're going to find a way to get get them there. We're going to find a way to supply them with their toner. You know, to print a regular size book costs about 7 cents for paper and about about 5 cents for toner to print a book like this. and there's no postage. So, we're going to find a way to ship toner to them to be able to supply them with their consumables on an ongoing basis to supply those print stations. And that's the only thing I could give him. There was nothing else I could give him. He said, "No, no, we're going to do the paper. Um, no, we don't want any support for translation. We're going to do it ourselves. They're going to engage the young people." And then just after I left, brother ET talk went to a ministers meeting and engaged all the other churches to do the same thing and really get the ministers in each church committing to a couple of messages every month. And we're going to see growth of that in Indonesia like like crazy. So it was a it was a wonderful time in Indonesia. Can I have the next slide, please? From there, we went to India and uh and India was was a was a challenge. Um it was a it was a little different situation. The pictures that you see here on the top of there you'll see the room where the inventory was stored of books in India. Um a year ago there was a little over a million books in stock in Chennai. Just a lot of books that were there because in in the model that was happening in Chennai u maybe just go to the next slide and then we'll come back to this one. We had the big H highidleberg press. I think you've all seen pictures of it over the years and the cutting and folding equipment and stapler and all that. And basically that press by the time you turn it on and turn it off, you get a thousand books out of the back of it, right? So you can't print small orders. So basically what would happen is, you know, someone would translate a book, they would then print several thousand copies knowing that that book won't be printed again for years. And then so you had to have you had to have a stock of books so that when people ordered that book again, you could you could fill that. So you know we're working in 13 different languages in India. Some languages have as many as as 120 titles or 170 titles actually. So there's about you know 1,000 or,200 different titles available. And then if you start inventorying it takes up a lot of space. So go back to the previous slide. There was uh so there's actually two floors of the building. the the Glattus Dao Memorial Building um you know is a threetory three-story building about 3,000 square ft on each and two floors are just completely filled with inventory. And then the printing equipment is on the bottom floor. Um that's brother Moses there in the in the corner who who most of you know who he is. He's been managing the work there for a number of years. And so our really our challenge there in India was to say you know how do we make this a more efficient you know a more efficient way of doing things because when we looked in India we found that about 50% of all books that were being printed were being printed for inventory you know because you'd print enough to meet a book order let's say we're printing in Tamil and we've got 4,000 people that need to receive books so we maybe print about 5,000 and keep a thousand in stock and then believers believers are believers, you know, so they they really believe in the scripture that says ask largely that your joy might be full. So if you need if you need one book, you ask for two because you want to have one to give someone else as well. And so when we looked around India, we just found a lot of inventory and you know of the titles that were translated, there was there there was and still is a lot of books in inventory. But when you're trying to run a massive country like India that has you know a billion people um and you know 26 official languages it's really like 26 countries jammed together and you're trying to run that from a central location. It's difficult when somebody asks for books in Delhi you know well how many actually send them you haven't been there you don't really know. So, so consequently we were looking for a different model for for for how to how to work in India and and and really that model was the print station model. If we look at the Tamil language where they print maybe 5,000 books every time they do a book and they do maybe one new book a year in the region where the Tamil people live, you know, we can print about a thousand books a month on a print station quite comfortably. So if we put five print stations in that state, that would cover all the printing needs for that state. And therefore, you don't have shipping, you don't have inventory, you don't have all all of these issues. And so that was really what our challenge was. So we had uh we needed to move all of the inventory. If we can go to the next slide, we had to move all of the inventory um out. We had to sell all that printing equipment that you're looking at. And then the next slide. And so that's what we began to do. And to to move the inventory, what we did was talk to all of the different churches that spoke the Tamil language. And basically, we sent all that inventory to those churches and to those people that that are speaking that language. So, this is a group of brothers that were actually from brother Isaac's church. And brother Isaac has about 500 people in his church. And they basically just took 200 message of each title that we had in stock. He has a large church and was able to store it properly. So, they'll be able to continue distributing that. Um and so that was the books going out there. Um I couldn't do I you can't do a presentation on India without a picture of brother Swami and his wife. Um those of you who've been engaged with with with India. Um let me tell you this about brother Swami. Brother Swami is 88. He is a fiery preacher. He's engaged. He was in every meeting that I had when I was there. All the meetings about the print shop and just as sharp as attack. And so that tells me that we got at least another dozen years in our pastor. Amen. So yeah, brother I really enjoyed brother Swami you know anytime you talk with brother Swami you know he comes over and he sits beside you and he takes your hand and he holds your hand the whole time he's talking to you and explaining the his burden about getting the message out to people and he takes you by both hands and holds your hands and leans in and looks you right in the eye to make sure you understand what he's what where his heart is you know and And anytime he talks about brother Biscll, he gets tears in his eyes every time. Tell that man that I love him. You know, he's got such a gruff push. Tell that man that I love him. You know, and so we just really enjoyed Brother Swami and his wife. And this picture was an interesting picture. I was in his home and I said, "Brother Swami, I can't go home without a picture of you and your wife." And Sister Swami was pretty much like all of our wives are, "No, you're not taking my picture. No, no, no, no, no, no, no." And brother Swami just said come here and sit and she sat and smiled and we had the picture. So so it was a wonderful time there with the with brother Swami. Can I have the next slide? So we started shipping out books. Uh we don't have semis. This is how we ship out books. Um this is the auto rickshaw the cargo version. And uh I have no idea. I mean, you got to realize when you load that up thing up with books, it is very heavy. And then these things going out and and then traveling from there out to the different churches to to take the books out. Uh, next picture. Next slide. Sorry. So, this is now where the printing equipment used to be. We had to break up the floor in in front of the building. Those of you who have been there, we had to dig a big trench out in the front of the building actually to get the equipment out. So, we sold all of the equipment when I while I was there. It was sold. it was moved out of the building. The inventory was moved out. Um we listed the building for sale and the the reason that we did that is because the reason for having the building was because we had all this inventory that we had to carry and we don't need all that space. So the the the the the new model now is to sell the building and then take the money that we get from selling the building and put it into a trust account so that they can continue to the operation in India for many years from the from those funds. And so uh uh the next slide please. So the same time we were I don't know a diplomatic way to say this other than you know grinding the current operation down to a stump to really really rebuild and start again we were working with several brethren to install print stations and actually get them to take responsibility for the languages and the translating themselves. This is brother Freddy Gray. He lives in Haididerbad. He speaks Telugu and he's been working with the Telugu language. One of the things that we did both in Indonesia and Europe and India, everywhere we went, we borrowed Brother Murphy's model of how to get the messages in audio format. Now, I don't know if you realize it, but in the last few months, Brother Murphy's been when he came back from China last time, the Chinese believers really pressed them and they said, "We need more audio messages in Chinese." And so, Brother Murphy committed to do 80 messages in 3 months. Now I expect to hear whoo after that because you know if you understand what kind of a commitment that is. I mean brother Murphy's days look like you know he goes up there and I I I hear him from downstairs you know when I used to be underneath him down here and I hear him and basically he listens to brother Brandham in one ear. He takes the translated book in his hand and he reads the book. But have you ever seen brother Murphy preach? You know he doesn't preach like this and he doesn't read like this either. All right. I mean, he preaches it under the same inspiration and anointing that brother Brandon brought it in. And and so then he does that in the morning. In the afternoon, he gets prepared for tomorrow's message. And the message goes to brother Ivan, brother Ivan edits it, and then they put it on a tape or on a on a CD with uh with brother Brandham on the right track, brother Murphy on the left track, and therefore the person that's listening to it can mix that however they want it. So there's some software involved in all that. So basically I had brother Ivan train me before I left so that I would know how to do it and I went overseas and with brother Eto we trained him and he's already laying down tracks. Uh the brothers in Croatia in India uh brother Isaac's church is doing it already. So they're doing the same thing because places like Indonesia you have a fairly high illiteracy rate as you do in India where 30 or 40% of the people that you want to hear the message don't read. So even if you give them a book in their own language, it doesn't do them any good. And when we go back to the first coming of Christ, who was it that heard him? It was the poor, it was the ignorant, it was the unlearned. That's who heard him then. And I think that's who's going to hear him again, right? And so I really think that making the message accessible in an audio format and then more books, I think, is just going to break another revival in those areas because, you know, the revival can be measured by the amount of the word that you have in your midst, right? And so, uh, that's one of the other things that we did as we traveled through with all the brethren and trained them how to do that and got them set up with all the equipment they needed to get, uh, to get doing the audio work as well. So, that's what we did with brother Freddy Gray in Haididerbad. Um, he lives in Haididerbad. He lives and works among the Telugu people. Um, he actually his father was from England and his mother was from India and he went to to school in South Carolina for a few years. uh fellowshipped with at that time brother Dan Dasley and uh then his father passed away and he moved back to India and took over the church there and uh so he's working with them to get the message into the into the Telugu language. We did the same with brother Isaac. We spent uh we basically spent all day at the print shop doing what doing the business that we had to do there and then every evening and weekend we were actually with brother Isaac's people uh training them how to how to use a print station how to get the audio tracks done how to get the me how to do the translating and and that's basically what our evenings were busy with and so brother Isaac's church got busy again I've only been out of India for a couple of weeks and they sent me the first message that was translated by their young people um in the Tamil language and they thought this would be a good one to start with. It's called Faith. And so that was their that was their first one they did. It's now translated, formatted, and ready and ready for the hub that we've got a little bit of adjustment to do on the format. And then it's ready to go. And that's their that's their to start the ball rolling. Brother Isaac really got really really caught the vision of of the power of the message hub and getting the message to the people. And so he uh he he speaks most of the conventions in the Tamil in the Tamil area. He's actually speaking he's I think since I've been there has spoke two or three different conventions. And he's just basically continually just passed that same burden on telling people if you've got people in your church that speak English and speak Tamil, you need to be translating. And so he's engaged a whole number of churches. So all all we really need to do with him is to continue to support him. Get them consumables for their printer. They're going to supply the paper. They're not asking for financial help for translation. And brother uh brother Isaac said, "If we need financial help for translation, we'll do it ourselves. That's what we need to do." And so it was really a time of of passing, you know, and I heard it was preached while I was away of passing the baton. And so I was sitting in the service Sunday morning at brother Isaac's. Brother Isaac preached and uh you know as as typical kind of a thing you know different people have streamed here you know it was the same when I was when I was in Europe and people walk up to you say oh it's so nice to meet you in the flesh we've met you so many times on the internet and they feel like they know you cuz they've heard you and they kind of heard you say and they know a little about who you are and and of course you don't know them at all right and so and and so uh now I just derailed my derailed I thought they were uh where was I? &gt;&gt; Passing the baton. Thank you. So, man, it used to be just Brother Harold did that as as he got older and now I'm doing it. I remember brother Harold always doing that when he was preaching. Um so, in the passing in the passing of the baton, you know, I did a little demonstration with him because as I was sitting, oh, I started to say, you know, you're sitting in service and they know you. So, you of course they've seen that I lead songs here. So I'm just happily standing in service, you know, and just enjoying the the worship and the atmosphere. And they go to sing an English song and a runner comes down and hands me a cordless mic. I'm leading that one. And he hands you a cordless mic and you get to you get to lead that song. And of course the you know in India the timing is a little bit different and the tunes a little bit different. You know, it's a different style of music. They have notes we don't have, right? And so so anytime they sang anything in English, they handed me a microphone and I was now the song leader, right? So, uh, you know, I sang a song with him in in the morning and gave a little testimony. And so, it was, uh, afterwards though, I really, I was really impressed by the Holy Spirit that something supernatural had happened while I was there. And that was, you know, we did the printing, we did the translating, we funded all that. And I I don't mean me. I don't mean you, I mean Bible believers. And the the body of believers from around the world did that. And I really felt that what was happening was we were passing that baton into their hand. And so afterwards, brother Isaac asked me to meet because I talked to them, you know, and I asked the question I ask everywhere, you know, how many people speak English and Tamil and you know, 30 hands go up and I say, "Brother Isaac, there's 30 translators here. Then why aren't they working?" Right? And so afterwards, um, you know, Brother Isaac asked how many people could type in Tamil. And so we basically assembled a whole crew of volunteers like we've done with the with the young people here and after the service he gathered about 50 or 60 people together and uh asked me to talk to them about translating and typing and being involved. And so it just really struck me the concept of the baton being tossed because you know we being being handed because we were now really stopping the method that you know we're not shutting down the operation in India and people have said to me well I guess you know we're not doing anything in India anymore. Well let me tell you we have much more work to do in India today than we did two years ago &gt;&gt; because for the last several years you know basically we sent them a check and they printed books. That's what we did. Well, now we've said we have a better idea and now what we need to do is find 13 more brother Isaac's throughout India and train them and get them print stations and work with them and encourage them. So we've actually taken onto ourselves a whole lot more work than what we've had in India. So I want to let you to understand that like we're not we're not stopping what we're doing in India. And so as I was talking about handing off the baton, I did a little example and maybe brother David you could come up here if you don't mind. I want to do this. Um, I was kind of debating whether I would do this. But basically what I said, I need you to move a little quicker cuz you're going to take a baton. We're in a relay race. So turn around now. You have to be fast moving in a relay race. So I told the brothers, I said, now you know it came all the way down through Luther handed the baton to Wesley and all the way down and down and down and and then down to brother Brandham. Did it stop there? The baton was passed to the bride. And then in India, you know, with brother Biscll's burden and Dr. Jacobs, there was a burden to print and so we really took responsibility for it and I explained to them what we're doing is handing it off to you now. And in a re Have you ever run a relay race? &gt;&gt; Okay. So you know that when you're running a relay race, if the goal's over there, you're never going to look at me, right? Cuz you never look back in a relay race. So you're going to look that way, right? You're going to look that way. And and I'm going to come up and I'm going to give him the baton. And as I told him, I don't want you looking back to Chennai, the printing operation, the William Brennham Good News Society. We're passing the baton to you, and now you're responsible to get this message, and you're going to feel this thing come into your hand. Now, we know that the fastest runner is saved to the last. &gt;&gt; Your best runner is your last runner, right? &gt;&gt; And so, I told the brothers, I said, "Okay, now don't look back." You see, you're wanting to look back, aren't you? We have that thing. We always want to look back to that other age. We feel comfortable back there. I don't want you looking back. You're going to hear me breathing and coming up behind you and you're going to feel this thing in your hand. And now you're going to run with it. You have to run. &gt;&gt; You're going to run with it. Now, let me ask you this. I don't have a baton in my hand. Am I sad? &gt;&gt; I'm not sad. &gt;&gt; He's younger than me. &gt;&gt; He can run faster than me. &gt;&gt; And I'm going to cheer him on because when he reaches the goal, I reach the goal. And so that's ostensibly what we did with the brothers with with at at at brother Isaac's and and they really caught it. They really caught it to say, "Okay, we're responsible &gt;&gt; and you trust us and God trusts us. God trusts us that we're the we're the fastest runner. He put us at the end." &gt;&gt; And they were they were so inspired by that. And it was it was just wonderful to see God do that transference like that. It was it was it was it was a wonderful thing to see. And so what we want to do is encourage them. You know, when David's running, I'm going to say, "Run, run, run. You can do it. Run." And that's what we want to continue doing with the brothers in India is to stand back and say, "Keep running. You need you need toner, here's toner. You need another printer, here's a printer. You need you need help with a computer, we'll teach you how to do that." And basically that old old saying of you know give them a fish or teach them how to fish. We want to teach them how to fish and give it to them and think about how they felt when they were able to send me this first message. &gt;&gt; I got a wonderful email along with this message. They were so thrilled to send this to me because I told them I said I want to put a little pressure on them. I'm I'm like that you know. I want to put a little pressure on them. I said in a few weeks I'm going to be standing up giving a testimony of what happened in India and I want a message in my hand when I stand there. I don't want to be here empty-handed. I don't want to have a theory, and this is an academic way to translate books. I want a book in my hand. &gt;&gt; And so, you know, after a few days, they emailed me and said, "Well, well, we're not sure if we're going to make it." I said, "You have to." I was encouraging them and they sent the book. Amen. And so, we want to, you know, in all of these areas where we were, whether it was India, Indonesia, in Europe, all of these brethren need our prayers. You know, they're under tremendous pressure. They're under pressures to quit. You know, I'm going to show you a little clip, a little video clip from uh Brother Isaac's church. You know, they're all under pressure. You know, in Indonesia, they're under pressure from the Muslims to stop handing out books. In Israel, we found that among the people that, you know, we said, "You can print books and stand on the street corner and hand them out." I thought, "Oh, that's scary." Remember, you remember you remember, Brother Milo? because, you know, they they they moved there from Russia because they've got a little bit of Jewish or completely Jewish in their history, which gives them entrance into into into Israel. But in Israel, if you're found trying to convert people from Judaism to Christianity, you can be deported. And so that's the pressure those people are under. So they're trying to live just, you know, and they come from a communist background where, you know, the the the the paradigm is a little bit, you know, you kind of walk quietly and hope nobody notices you. And so that's kind of where they are. We we we you feel that among the Russian people. And so that's kind of where they are in Israel. They need our prayers. They need our support. And it's the same in Indonesia. It's the same in India. And so there's a lot of work to be done in India. You know, people I came home and people said to me, "Oh, so you're done in India now? India's done." I thought, "Brother, we just started." You know, we've got we've got we've got the the Tamil moving forward. We got the Telugu moving forward. We have 13 13 languages. We have 11 more languages to keep moving forward. And there are 13 languages in India that we've never translated a thing into. We're barely started in India. We're barely started throughout the world. And when we look at this effort that we have here of Uganda and Tanzania and Kenya and and Rwanda and everywhere in the world, there is no end of things to do. There's absolutely no end of things to do. Um, can I get the next slide? Oh, I don't know if we need that one in here. I should have taken that one out. But basically, it's the sample tools. We found we found a way to uh to fill toner. Um, if we buy toner from HP, they cost us about $225 and we get 600 books. Um, with the help of Brother Kelly from Mexico, we figured out how to refill these toners for about $6 or $7 and we still get 600 books out of them. So, we're just in the pennies per book to to be able to uh and so we everywhere we go, we train the brothers how to refill their own toner, and all we need to do is find a way to get the toner to them, and they become self-sufficient. The next one, um, so just some some quick stats on the on the on the message hub. You know, last year there was 39 languages. By the end of this year, we'll have 50. Um, audio titles. I'm not going to go through these numbers. if you could uh what we're going to do if you want to just put this off. I'm going to play a short clip for you, a short video clip, and I need to explain it to you before I do it because it's only a few minutes long and it'll be over and you won't know what it's all about. So, I'll just explain it to you a little bit. Brother Isaac's congregation is in Chennai and he has about 500 people. And in his church, uh they had a problem with all the neighbors complaining because they make too much noise. And let me tell you, if you compare our congregation with their congregation, we might think they make too much noise cuz they are very enthusiastic in their worship, right? And so the neighbors complain, not during the preaching, but during the time of worship that they're too loud. So they basically they have a a a two-story building that's a church, and they raised it, right? They they they tore it right down to the first level, leaving the first floor on and have to completely rebuild the whole church with soundproof walls and everything. So that so that the neighbors won't complain and you know new windows and because a lot of the buildings in India you know you don't you don't need glass you don't because you know it's it's never cold there as you know it was 39° most days when I was there and when you're like me built like a polar bear you kind of melt in that climate but but uh so they're they're they're just currently rebuilding their church and and it was amazing to see them all engaged everybody in the in the congregation engaged and you know it's nothing but persecution Because right across the street is the Catholic church. And when I was there and I stayed at at in Brother Isaac's church, they have a little guest room where I stayed for a few days. And every night at the Catholic church, there was either a rock concert or a bingo 52 all night long. You know, it drove me crazy and I thought I'd much rather listen to Saints worship than listen to the bingo all night long, you know. And you know, it's a it's a huge building with a massive sound system. And so you realize it's nothing but religious persecution. So that in any case, the city said, "You'll either do it or or we'll shut you down." So they're in this project. All of the work is being done by the believers in the church. And when I say all of the work, I don't mean they have people operating cranes from the church. Um, if you've seen how buildings have been built in in in India, you know, the truck comes and dumps the dirt out on the front street and it has to be hauled up three stories or two stories and the bricks have to be hauled up. That's all being done by hand and it's all being done by the believers in the church. So, while they're doing that, they're in a they're in a church right now, pardon me, they're renting a school gymnasium where they're having services. I mean, I was amazed because when I was there last time in February, I mean, there was a church there. It'd be like walking into here and here's the church. And the next time I go, I mean, this thing was raised right to the floor level and they're just busy now rebuilding the walls and the roof. So, if we can just if we can just run that. This is Brother Isaac, the pastor of the church there in Chennai. &gt;&gt; You better turn that up. because we are making too much noise. The complaint is that our worship is &gt;&gt; that's why we are reworking our project &gt;&gt; so that we had a sound group so we can worship our Lord the way we want &gt;&gt; right and who's doing all this work &gt;&gt; who's doing all the work &gt;&gt; all the work is all these our believers &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; so you can see now our children's unders &gt;&gt; so there's the crane getting the sand up to the next level that's the Sunday school class &gt;&gt; youngsters are our believers is also working with this building. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; While I was there, they moved three dump truck loads up to the next floor. &gt;&gt; And the sisters got to be part of the work as well, the ladies. [Music] That's &gt;&gt; hard work. It was 39° and I couldn't hardly imagine doing that kind of work in that weather. &gt;&gt; They wanted to work. Uhhuh. &gt;&gt; Most of them are &gt;&gt; right behind me. &gt;&gt; All the rest of them are believers. So, you may not be able to hear that, but he said they're all all believers doing the work except for the stonemason. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Applause] All the children sit right on the front on here on the floor. That's where all the children are sitting. [Applause] Sunday school teachers sit with the children. [Applause] Amen. So that's the church in India. &gt;&gt; So again, brother Isaac, you know, brother Isaac, I asked them, I said, "How you paying for this?" Oh, I don't know. You know, we just uh the Lord's going to work it out for us. You know, he didn't ask for anything, but you know, I think if you felt it on your heart to get behind that work, they need to put that second story up on their church. Um, I think it would be nice to give him an offering. He didn't ask for it and he'd be embarrassed to know that I even made it known to you that there's any kind of a need. So, we're uh overall we really felt that it was a very successful five weeks when we look at the impact that was had in Indonesia and in India, Israel, all the different places we were. And I think one of the biggest impacts that we had was the number of partnerships that were formed and the people that were encouraged to get involved in the work of the Lord. Uh we spent a fair amount of time with brother Gird Roalt. He was in the Moscow meetings and of course he's been engaged in missions work for a very very long time and after seeing what we were doing with the message hub in in Moscow and kind of seeing how it worked and how we're filling the needs in you know that in Chennai we'll still maintain a central office there that will have a print station that will send books out because we don't want to leave anybody behind you know some churches we'll send a print station there they can print their own books and they can print for other local churches in other cases they can't print themselves. They don't have power. They're in a they're in a rural area and they just can't do it. So, we'll still be sending books to some of those areas. So, when Brother Gird saw how that was how that was done, um he really got behind it himself and he said, "I'm going to send you 10 addresses where I'd like you to send print stations and they're going to support that from Germany." Um, Brother Gird's Church continues to support the work in China. So, I just I I was I was really happy. I I'll just say it like this. When a minister says to you, I'm going to give you my contacts. Well, then you know that you're on the right side on the right side of them, right? And so the the partnerships that were formed, those are eternal, &gt;&gt; you know, and the bonds that were formed with the different brothers and whatnot around the world. And we just I I just want to encourage you, as I said tonight, you know, I'm a lay member. I'm not a minister. You know, God's given me certain gifts and talents in my life. You know, I I don't know if we could really quantify what they are. However, he's found a way. And you know, I was listening this morning when I was getting ready for a song service for song service. I was singing a song, you know, um Jesus, if I die upon a foreign field someday would be no more than love demands, no less could I replay. And he said, "If just a cup of water I place into your hand, then just a cup of water is all that I demand." You know, if God didn't give you the gift, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; He actually doesn't want it. &gt;&gt; You understand? If God didn't didn't give you the ability, he's looking to give you something that you give back to him in whatever form it is. You know, I look at those young boys. I mean, my goodness, it was 39°. I was standing there and I was exhausted running the video camera, you know, in that heat. And those boys were going up and down the ladder, up and down the ladder with buckets of sand. And you know, they're putting a balcony on the church. So, it's it's the equivalent of this is on the first floor and then a balcony above. And they were hauling the this gravel from the street out front where the truck dumped it bucketloads at a time all the way up to the top. All the way up to the top all day long. And uh you know, Brother Isaac said, "Yes, this is the Sunday school class. We're having an object lesson here." you know, so and so it's uh and a little bit, you know, a little bit, you know, that on the horizon there's this building that may appear outside and I wanted you to show the sacrifice that they're that they're making in India to have their building. And I think if we're going to have a school building, we're going to have to make the same sacrifice that, you know, we're just going to have to get behind it and and use what what God has given us to be able to do that. So, I'm thankful. I'm I'm I'm really thankful when when a person is traveling for your prayers. You know, we want to continue to remember brother Victor is on the field tonight. Brother Brother Timothy's on the field tonight. You know, when you're traveling sometimes out of bed for two and three days and and you know, you're you're involved with different things and different forces working against you and you're just going going. You don't always have the time to eat properly and to sleep properly and to actually to feed your spiritual life the way you should. And so, you know, when I came home and brother Tom preached about being weary and he said, "I don't know why I'm thinking about you, brother Kim." He might as well have just dismissed the rest of you because he was ringing my bell, right? and and and and so it is very worrisome and it's so it's it's so wonderful to know that there's a body of people behind you and and and you know what gave me such confidence was you know when I was doing things in India and you know I came to the place of realizing some hard decisions needed to be made and I felt those were outside of my scope so I phoned my pastor and I said pastor what should I do and so my pastor said do this and so now I I can relax I'm I've got a body of believers behind me I'm under the headship of my pastor and I'm just going ahead and and and carrying out the marching orders. And so it's wonderful. I I I want to thank you for your prayers, for your support. And uh I just really I it's almost impossible to try and find a way to to express um really what's in my heart as far as we can get behind these people in Indonesia and in India and in Israel. It's not that difficult for us to do. We might have to lay down having a quad. We might have to lay down, you know, having some recreational time and spend the evenings, you know, transcribing messages and doing these kind of things. But, you know, I told I told the people in Indonesia, I said, "Can you imagine when you get to the other side?" Because every message has a key in it. You know, you've all read a message at one point and you've read something in there and you found this little key and that little key unlocked something in your life and set you free from something that was troubling you. It it it it raised your faith up enough to receive healing. &gt;&gt; Could you imagine getting to the other side, Brother Timothy, and somebody walking up to you and say, "Brother Timothy, thank you for getting those messages on the hub. I read that and I got healed. I read that and I got saved." &gt;&gt; That's laying up for the eternal. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, we're going to ask brother Peter to come. We need a preacher. We can't have an evening without a preacher. Amen. So, come, brother Peter. and uh share with share with the congregation what the Lord's put on your heart. As he comes, let's change our position just for a minute. We're going to stand and do like we do in India. Sing a capella, Amazing Grace. Stretch a little, refresh yourself, and let's get ready to hear the word this evening. Amen. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound. I see a rich like me. [Applause] I once was lost but now I found. I was blind, but now I see. And we [Music] 10,000 years bright shine [Applause] as the sun. We go [Applause] [Music] to sing God's praise. And when we first [Applause] [Music] praise God, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. &gt;&gt; I just want to say a word. Brother Peter has journeyied uh with me or I've journeyed with him to Ukraine to Usbekiststan and there he did all the interpreting. uh and I can say is a real uh real servant of Christ. And so I was going to cap off the service, but I just said no on brother Peter just to take what's on his heart and immediately after and Sister Tina uh Dickinson's going to be baptized. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you, brother Peter. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; Well, Amen. Praise God. Uh well, I just would like to make one correction. I I'm not a preacher. I just I would like to just share some things that God has uh made real to me. Um because like I've said before, anyone that listens to the message, anyone that feeds upon the word, um when you hear the message, there's always something that jumps out at you. There's always something that becomes real to you. And there's some things, you know, that you might hear and some person may listen to it and to him it would be just an uncertain sound. But to another person, you may hear the same exact message, but you will hear something. You receive something because there's an answer. There's a key. &gt;&gt; And so, I'd like to just share some things. Uh, if you'd like to open in the book of John, Gospel of John, we're going to just read the first uh 10, chapter 10, verse 1 through 3. Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that enterth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climbth up some other way, the same is the thief and a robber. But he that enterth in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep. To him the porter openeth, and the sheep hear the his voice, and he calleth his own sheep by name, and leadth them out. May God bless the reading of his word. You could sit down. I'm sorry. Well, brother Ed had asked me to speak a little bit about Moscow trip and uh the things that that that are happening there. Just to to maybe sum it up and say it in a few words. Uh like I said before, it's amazing to see people in the on totally other side of the world, but they have the same spirit. They have the same the same zeal. They have the same uh desires only because they're feeding upon the same word because they're feeding upon the same message. And uh I was uh I was there in the minister's meetings and brother Sergey the pastor he said this uh thought uh they were discussing some issues and he said that they were going through some troubles in their church and they were going through some turmoil and they couldn't they couldn't just connect because they they they've come together from different backgrounds and different u different understandings of the message or of the scripture. And like brother Tom spoke this morning, we all have opinions. And uh but he said that God laid something upon his heart. And what they did is they started while they were building the church, they started just to listen to the messages. They started listening from I think it said 1962 and just from that year and they started uh going in the numerical order as as brother Brandon preached the preached the messages and he said just the preaching of the word he said has changed people's lives so much that it actually set the church in order. He said people realize who they are what they what position they have to take and what they have to do in their in their in their situation and in their uh in the things that they're doing in their daily life. And he said to to everyone that was there and it was mainly ministers, he said, "I could truly say that this message is Jesus Christ." &gt;&gt; And so if we if we approach the message that we have today the same way as that it's not a book. It's not just a a format. It's not just something that we have on the page, but it's Jesus Christ in written form. Then we would receive something from it. we'll get something from it and we'll realize something that maybe the uh the other gen the other people that we're that we're living with where we're rubbing shoulders with the world they don't see it because they don't have the message but if you have the message you have the person Jesus Christ and the reason why I chose the scripture here is that it says here that the porter openeth and the sheep hear the his voice and he calleth his own his own sheep by name and leadth them out. You know the porter is there was there's been seven porters seven seven people who've been basically stand at the door seven church age messengers and we had a messenger that has come in this last generation to bring the word to open the door for us so that the sheep could hear his voice so that the sheep could feed upon upon the word which is Jesus Christ which is God. And like I've I've spoke on this before and I I don't want to I don't want to be just repeating what I've said before, but it's something that has opened and become real to me and I I just can't get it off my mind, off my off my off my heart that in Luke 24:45 when uh when when when Jesus Christ rose from the dead and he was walking with those uh with those who were uh on the road to Emmas and when he when he came back to them and there was there was 11 of them gathered and that Jesus Christ said, I'm just going to read that verse 44 and 45. And he said unto them, "These are the words which I spake unto you while I was yet with you, that all things must be fulfilled which were written in the law of Moses and in the prophecies and in Psalms concerning me." Then he opened their understanding that they might understand the scriptures. And the thing is I always wondered how did God open how did Jesus Christ open their understanding? How did he open their mind? And if we read if we look at the at the at the key verse verse 44, he was pointing to the to the things that have been fulfilled in their generation in their day maybe few days before or even starting from his birth. He was pointing back and telling them look this scripture has just been fulfilled in in your in your day. He this scripture Isaiah 6 was just fulfilled beginning when I was born. This scripture was Psalm 21 was fulfilled three days ago. This scripture was fulfilled this day. And so he was pointing to them and showing them that this scripture has become alive. And brother Bram says modern events made clear by prophecy. It's not the it's not the prophecy made clear by the events, but it's but the but the but the events are made clear by the prophecy. So when when we have the word that that has come to us and I spoke to my relatives uh and we had a little get together with my cousins and relatives and a lot of them are Pentecostal and we actually rented a build rent rented a cabin at the Bible camp and so we decided to have a little church gathering on the on the on the on the large deck there and I had a chance and opportunity to speak to them and Lord Lord really kind of gave me the inspiration and courage to speak to them because they really they they they think that we're just following a man. They think that we're just following something some man or some doctrine. And I the first thing first question I asked them is, "Do you know where you are positionally today in the scripture?" &gt;&gt; And they they're sitting there and they're looking at me and I could see that they don't have a clue. They have no no understanding of what I'm talking about. But the thing is Jesus Christ when he came and he fulfilled the scripture that was written of him. When he came in flesh all that was that was the fulfillment of the prophecies that was written in that day. So today when we have when we're living in our day we are just living out a certain part of the scripture in our day in our generation. So when Jesus Christ came and he's he was he was telling the disciples that this scripture you know beginning from Moses him and Psalms he he was showing them the scriptures that were fulfilled within maybe the last 30 years or the majority of the scriptures were fulfilled in the last few hours of his life and he was telling them look back this was just fulfilled yesterday this was fulfilled 3 days ago and so the people this this way he opened their understanding where they could see that this is what God has done and they realize that who we are and where we are positionally in the scripture. And because of that, I believe that apostle Peter and the 11 that rose up with him on the day of Pentecost, he could say, "This is that which is written by the prophet Joel that I shall send my spirit upon all flesh." And he started saying all these things only because he realized who he was. He realized where he is in the economy of God. He realized where he is in the scripture today. And so today when we are living and we have such word that we as we have the message that we have today if we look at it not only as a book or as a as something on the page but if we look at it as a person Jesus Christ and like it's like I said to my friends and relatives I said I've never seen a man that could take a scripture and that could say this day this scripture is fulfilled. To me that message is not just just not it's not just a message to me it's a proclamation. To me, it is something that comes comes to life. And I asked him, I said, "Could that man just be out of his mind that he doesn't know what he's talking about, or he's really led by the spirit of God to where he he has the courage and uh he has the strength to say that this scripture, Malachi 4, he's he could say that this scripture, Luke 17:30, he could say that this scripture, Revelation 10:7, he could say that this scripture is fulfilled." And because of that I said I believe that this man he came and he proved that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever. And so today you and I we could say that based upon that that Jesus Christ was made real in in our generation we could say that this day the scripture is fulfilled and we are basing looking at that upon that upon the basis of this of what he has proved what he has shown to us it opens our eyes and we could say that we are living in the time of Revelation 10:8. We are living in the time of uh of the of the rapture of of Thessalonians 4:16. We can say that this is us. This is that which was written of us. We are part of that scripture. We are part of that word. And so just like uh brother Brandham, he said that this day this scripture is fulfilled. And when Jesus Christ was there, he said this day he t was talking about Moses. This day this scripture of Moses of Psalms of all these things that was written of me, they're fulfilled. And because of that their mind was open and they could see themselves in the scripture. Today we could see ourselves in the scripture where where we are in the program of God where we are in the in the in the program that God has in the time that God has ordained for us to live. And so because of that we could say we can we could come to a realization that we are in the word of God. Our we have a part that we have we have to fulfill. We have a part that God is bringing out, living out the prophecy through our lives, through our everyday walk with him, through our everyday just work, everything that we do. And brother, brother Ed when we were in Moscow, he said this phrase after they uh dedicated on Sunday, they the dedicational prayer and the service. And brother Ed said this that even though even if the rapture is going to be today or tomorrow the all this work that you've spent all this effort and time that you've spent it would not be in vain because it was built it was done for with the right objective with the right motive with the right goal for the glory of God. So whatever we are doing we are we're fulfilling part of the scripture. We're fulfilling our part that is written of us because we have a prophecy that needs to be fulfilled through our lives because we are the bride. If we believe the word, if we believe the message that God has sent, then we are the bride and we have that part where we could say this is that which was written of us in Thessalonians 4:16. This is that which is written of us. Revelation 10:8-11 and different scriptures, we could say that this is us. Just like apostle Peter could say this is that which was written in book of Joel. So may God bless you and um I just wanted to share that and may God may God bless you and just make this make this message more real to you and may this all of we heard and all of the that we've seen today that God is moving and God is not he's not done with his bride and she has a part to play. And I was speaking to a pastor in in Moscow in Moscow. He's from Barus and he was saying that he was telling me that I was translating for him and he was sharing he's saying that when he goes into little villages in Russia and he goes in there and there there could be a Baptist or a Pentecostal church. He goes in there he starts preaching. He shares them shares the message with them and they the people just get ignited. They start they just start they just fall in love with it and they they start asking for messages and and things like that and they you could see that there's they're ignited. They're just they're they're just asking where are you getting this? Where did this come from? How come we've never seen this? And then they uh a pastor or someone would call the the city and then the city would call the state and they would end up going to they would call to us and you know the archbishop or someone would say you have to go and investigate and then the people start realizing that they're under some control. They're under some headship and but they want to get out of that. They're saying he's saying they're realizing that they're in slavery. They're in bondage and so they're trying to get out of it. It makes them realize that we actually under bondage and it makes them get out, makes them want to get out even faster out of that organization, that system. And so they see that. And so I was telling the brother that by seeing what he was telling me, I realized that work in Russia and other parts of the world is not done, not over. And so God is moving and his his word is true. And we we all have a part to play. May God bless you. &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] Well, I hope you enjoyed the evening. &gt;&gt; We took uh we took enough time because we didn't want to uh we didn't want to no put a put the clamps on any of the brothers. Just let them say what's on their heart. Uh we're going to have a baptism now. And uh I wonder if we could just have someone to the piano. Uh, good. That's saying I'm part of the family of God. I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. You take a microphone there. Amen. Why don't we stand once more and just change our position where we're glad for Citrina &gt;&gt; baptized. Pray that the Holy Spirit Amen. &gt;&gt; come upon we don't want people just go in dry and come all wet. says, "Repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ, and you shall be filled with the Holy Ghost." You shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. We want them to receive that. That makes all the difference. All right, let's just sing it together. I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I am walk in the fountain and his love joy with Jesus as we travel in the song. I'm a part of the family. The family of God. Second verse. &gt;&gt; You may notice we say brother and sister around here. It's because we're a family and folks are so dear. When one has a heartache, we all shed a tear and rejoice in each victory in this family. So dear so of the family of God [Music] in the praise. [Music] Jo, [Music] the family of God. You have another chorus. Another song. Yes. Oh, be thankful tonight. Let's sing This Is Like Heaven to Me, number 557. We've had a wonderful day. Just pray the Lord will come down and cap it off. Fill our sister Tina and fill all of us. &gt;&gt; You remember the day? You &gt;&gt; remember the day? &gt;&gt; Amen. Oh, this is like heaven to me. This is like heaven to me. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat up [Music] here. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Praise God. Tasted of heaven today. Oh, feeling so much better talking about this good old. Feeling so much better talking about the Lord. Oh, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this. Let's go on. Let's go on. Oh, yes. The de talking about this way. We don't like it. So, what are we going to do? Let's go. Let's go. talking about this way. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about feeling so much feeling so much better. Talking about this feeling so much better. talking about the Lord. So, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this little way. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the Lord. Hallelujah. You can have your seats. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Well, let's see. We heard about India, &gt;&gt; Switzerland, &gt;&gt; Indonesia, &gt;&gt; Russia, &gt;&gt; Russia, &gt;&gt; Israel, &gt;&gt; Israel. &gt;&gt; Now we're missionaring. &gt;&gt; All right. All right. &gt;&gt; In Cloverdale. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; I mean, this is this is as more important than if if you want to put it this way. Brother Bram said, "First, you must missionary in your own backyard &gt;&gt; before you can go overseas." &gt;&gt; And because we're doing this in our own backyard, God sends the men of God &gt;&gt; overseas. &gt;&gt; And I think it's a wonderful thing, Sister Tina. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; we're going to take our time. &gt;&gt; It's not 3,000 being baptized tonight. &gt;&gt; But it is the book of Acts being baptized tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. And it was just as real to them as it is for me as it is for Sister Tina Dickinson to be in the waters of baptism. This is a wonderful event and we've been waiting a lot of years. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, I'm um I'm going to take a a look at a scripture that is very familiar to us in Acts chapter 8. Sister Tina, we've had the privilege to sit down with Tina, Joanna, and myself, and go over scripture over a number of hours, and we've met twice. And um &gt;&gt; Oh, God. &gt;&gt; It's been wonderful. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; It's wonderful. She's almost as hard a nut to crack as I was. &gt;&gt; True. You know, some people when they hear the gospel, they respond right away. Another person hears the gospel and you know, it's just like fishing. And you feel the tug. You want to pull them into the boat. &gt;&gt; Mhm. &gt;&gt; And by the grace of God, she's landed. &gt;&gt; And this is real. It's not something that somebody has persuaded her into. A mother has come, sisters have come. This is an individual affair that is happening to you, sister Tina. &gt;&gt; And that's what we said. Everybody has their own path. And the scripture says, "He knoweth the way that I take." &gt;&gt; And he knew the way that you would go, Sister Tina. He knew the years that would go by. But as in a garden, and we're in garden season, we're planting gardens. The radishes, the the different lettuce, the different things that spring up right away for your salads, &gt;&gt; they are sprouting. &gt;&gt; But the corn, &gt;&gt; the squash, the things that are coming up in the garden at the end of the season, &gt;&gt; they take a little longer. &gt;&gt; And so, Sister Tina, you might take a little longer. I'm not going to call you a squash. &gt;&gt; I was going to But can I say she's corn &gt;&gt; at harvest time? &gt;&gt; And it's a great wonderful thing &gt;&gt; that God can start dealing with hearts amongst a church such as this. &gt;&gt; You don't know what's going on, but God is working behind the scenes, Sister Tina. And heaven's come down and he's dealt with your soul. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And it's a great thing that I'm standing here tonight. Glory &gt;&gt; with a a young lady that has a desire for the things of God. And I'll tell you one thing, they're very few and far between. &gt;&gt; Yes, they are. &gt;&gt; And I feel very privileged to be a part of this tonight. And the Bible says, "And the angel of the Lord spake unto Philip, saying, arise, go towards the south unto a way that goeth from Jerusalem unto Gaza, which is desert." My Bible tells me God knew &gt;&gt; where that Ethiopian unic would be. and sent a messenger. &gt;&gt; And I believe God knew Sister Tina exactly where you would be at the time of life that you're living and God interrupted you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And many many have the same testimony. Come to church &gt;&gt; and not really even feel that God spoke to you. &gt;&gt; Come and watch another baptism. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And wonder what am I doing here? But God works in mysterious ways, his wonders to perform. &gt;&gt; And God started to deal with your life, Tina. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And I believe that this is an eternal work that he's done in your life. &gt;&gt; Turned you around. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You've lost desire for the things of the world. And God has given you a heavenly taste for the things of God. Glory to God. &gt;&gt; And we're thankful that you've turned your heart to Christ &gt;&gt; and you've accepted him as your personal savior. Have you not? &gt;&gt; Yes, I have. All right, let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. &gt;&gt; Father, &gt;&gt; Lord, we've sung the song already tonight. This is like heaven to me. &gt;&gt; I'm sure, Lord God, that the angels of God are rejoicing yet even tonight over decisions that are made. &gt;&gt; She's put first things first. She's looked at Jesus Christ, the author and finisher of her faith. And there is something that's beating in her heart, the once more of God. And so, Lord, your word is declared if you repent and are baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins. You shall then grant to her, Lord, you shall fill her with the Holy Ghost and fire. So we're praying Lord that as brother Biscol had said, we just don't want to baptize her to get wet, but we desire that the great baptizer come down. Fill her heart and fill her soul &gt;&gt; with the thing of God, the great holy presence of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Would you bless her, Lord? Would you fill her &gt;&gt; and make her life fruitful and may the meekness and spirit of Christ ever be her portion? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Bless sister Tina now. God &gt;&gt; in Jesus name. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Sister Tina. &gt;&gt; By your confession that Jesus Christ is your savior, I baptize you in true Christian baptism in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Oh, wonderful. Let's just stand. We're going to thank him. I just want to sing the chorus on the wings of a snow white dove. This is This is for Tina, for Sister Tina. On the wings of a snow white dove, God sends his pure, sweet love. A sign from above, on the wings of a dove. May that dove be with her this evening and throughout all of her days. On the wings of the stores [Music] his pure sweet love a sign from above. On the wings of a gain of course now on the wings of a storm [Music] on the way. Let's just sing it real softly and prayerfully once more. On the wings of a snow white dove, God sends his pure sweet love, a sign from above on the wings of [Music] our Lord Jesus, one day you stood good as you just came up out of the water and the heavens were opened and a dove in the spirit in the form of a dove came down. The prophet of God said as a a light from heaven as an angel light came down from heaven and father through the lips of our Lord Jesus Christ. That same one who spoke and said, "You shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost has come upon you." And may our sister Tina, Father, be infused with his a great and mighty power. I pray, Father, that she will be completely permeated and saturated. And I pray, oh father, a mighty deliverance will be her portion and that her lips will be anointed, oh God, to give witness and testimony and testify of the glorious work that you have done. This is a work of creation. &gt;&gt; Lord, let this creative work, let Christ be formed in her. May Christ Jesus, may you be seen. This is your work, not man's work, your work. Pray you'll bless this group of people, Lord, that have been through this service this evening. Those that have traveled far from Seattle Tacoma. Lord, I pray now you'll hear me. I know you will. Let your presence be in their audible bills of the people as they journey in their homes when they go to their room tonight. May there just be a strange and wonderful presence. Testify of yourself, Lord, to each one. I pray for the peace of God will fill every heart and life, oh God. And I ask, Father, that the joy of the Holy Spirit as your prophet spoke of such wonderful joy that the apostles and the disciples had. Fill every heart, I pray, with joy unspeakable and full of glory. And give your children a glorious week. I pray. I commit them to you now in Jesus Christ's name. Thank you for each one, each one that testified, each one that spoke. I pray, Father, that something that's been spoken will anchor in our hearts. And we'll give you all the praise and all the glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And amen. I say we can greet one another and if we don't have another Lord's day, we'll see you on the other side, &gt;&gt; will we? &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. Remember, next next Sunday is just one service uh one service on account of the long weekend. So, next Sunday we'll have one service in the morning. See you Wednesday, Lord willing. Friday prayer meeting. You're all dismissed in Jesus name. Bless you. God bless, brother John. [Music] Let go. [Music]
