################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-04 - Br Ed Byskal of BC-Canada The Testimony Of A Witness Regarding Prophet William Branham Circa - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-04
Title:    Br Ed Byskal of BC-Canada: The Testimony Of A Witness Regarding Prophet William Branham ?Circa?
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Testimonies
Duration: 2h 16m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeTwYY4zAaY
========================================

Description:
Video-converted message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
God bless you. It's wonderful to be out with you in uh I guess weather that was or ordered for us. Rain. We come from a country where there's lots of rain and I feel right at home. Uh I'm here this morning behind the pull pit. uh I feel under the opices and under the mandate of uh pastor Tim Puit and uh he has requested that I should give some testimony this morning. So I will do so. Uh but I don't tell testimony as a as a series of stories. Uh there are parts of the testimony that are very very very precious and I can only tell in a certain atmosphere and that atmosphere will depend on you. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; It'll depend on this congregation and if the atmosphere is right then we can say more. &gt;&gt; Amen. So the the the accounts that I will speak of are not merely about brother Brandham or about myself, what I saw, but it's about the one who did it. &gt;&gt; And and that's the unseen one. &gt;&gt; That's the angel of the Lord. &gt;&gt; And so I would like you to reverence him as we speak. We'll have a word of prayer. Dear heavenly father, we come to you in the name of the beloved son of God because you said this is my son. Hear ye him. And we desire to hear him this morning. We pray, Father, you will take the words of testimony and let them live again as it was. We pray, Father, you will take the scriptures and you will cause them to be alive for this moment. We ask that you will be glorified in all things. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I pray that you will take the reality and the truth and anchor it in the hearts of all that are here, both young and elder. I pray oh God that the reality as it was when I experienced it will be the same even this morning. We pray that those things that are needed will be experienced by the those that are hearing. May they hear the voice of the shepherd. &gt;&gt; In the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. I'm going to read a scripture if you'd like to turn with me in your Bible. And the scripture is found in Philippians the fourth chapter and we'll read from verse 8. In fact, as we're only reading verse 8, so I might have you join with me as we read verse 8 together. Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, let's read it together simultaneously. whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report, if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things. this morning is all of these. &gt;&gt; It is true. &gt;&gt; It is honest. &gt;&gt; They are just, they are pure and they are lovely. &gt;&gt; And I shall say they are of good report and it will have a good response and a good effect upon you as you receive it. Amen. &gt;&gt; I feel while you're still standing, it's important to say that especially at this time &gt;&gt; when I know that you here, we we get in an environment like this and you know perhaps like to think that the outside world is there and we're never in contact with it, but I know that you hear many of the same things that I hear and the questions. I don't hear very much because I don't read very much. I use the internet, but I don't use it to surf. I don't use it to find out what other people think cuz I don't care what they think. &gt;&gt; I don't care what I think. Why should I care what they think? &gt;&gt; And uh I've seen too much. &gt;&gt; And I want to give you a secret. Anybody who questions anything with you, you tell them this one thing. Now, this is from an elder brother in this message. And this settles it. You bring one thing of the vindication that God gave this prophet. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Just one time, even though he had it thousands of times, you bring one time where the revealing of the secret of the heart is done. And then I can start listening to you. &gt;&gt; Until then, don't talk to me again. [Music] &gt;&gt; Some of you were silent when I said that. That's not too rigid. &gt;&gt; Whatsoever things are true. How do you know those things are true? &gt;&gt; And so whatsoever things are true. And if you want to hear some of the testimonies, brother Brandham tells it that in spirit of truth, he tells a great deal in proving his word. He tells u some of the things which I will refer to and I don't think you'll find most of it in any of the tapes. Exactly. in the order that I will give it. So, God bless you as you have your seats. Now, this may sound like history, but it's not. I will start very early, but a man who was in the meetings in 1962, a native Indian man who was in the meetings in 1962, and I will relate that a little later on. My wife and I visited him last week. So, let's say that it's not historical, it's current. And in 1962, he was 19. Who's 19 here? Stand up. Well, we have three that were 19. He was your age. Thank you. He was sitting beside his mother. He was been afflicted by uh the demon of epilepsy and was constantly having fits. he probably would not have lived uh to be a middle even a middle-aged person. He might not have lived much longer with the amount of attacks. I had never met him up to that time but I knew his mother and he was sitting down in the meeting. It was no prayer line and I will just tell you this much and brother Brandham standing at the pull pit called him out. Called that demon of epilepsy out. I can't recall all the instructions. He even remembered more instructions than we had. And brother Brennan, I don't I can't say he declared him healed. He called that demon off of him. And then he gave him some instruction which he just told us about last week. He was in a red shirt and brother Brandham told him, "If that thing tries to come back, take that red shirt and cast it in the fire in the name of the Lord and you'll be free." We visited him last week. He's 71 years old. That was my first visit with him. And he said that that's what brother Brandham had told him. He he's not been in a congregation like you have. He's not had the min ministry that you've had or the tapes that you've had, but he has had this experience. And he said that uh that thing tried to come back on him and he took that red shirt and cast it in a fire in the name of the Lord and has never had another one till now. And he's 71 years old today. Amen. You may need some of this in the future, especially for you young people. I was 14. Who's 14? Would you stand up? I'll let her 14. Oh, there's more. That's a good age. I was 14. And 14 year olds, they are hungry for God and they also like to enjoy life. You may sit down. Someone else was my age and it was Billy Paul Brham and it was a meeting taking place and I didn't know anything about these meetings. I never heard the name William Brham and they were taking place in Vernon, British Columbia. And British Columbia is a a big province or state, however you want to call it. I know that Texas is the uh is the star lone star state and it's big. Texas has a square miles 268,820 268,820 British Columbia is 364,764 or 95,944 more square miles. So, so long lone state and the only reason I'm saying that is Vernon, British Columbia is down toward the southern part and where we live now, which is uh down towards Vancouver Island in the Vancouver area. You go from Vancouver is almost 800 miles up to Dawson Creek. and where a lot of the testimony is. And Dawson Creek is only about midway in the province. And so then you have to go from Dawson Creek up the Alaskan Highway, which go which was constructed by the US Army during the war. It was a war project. and they pushed through 1,523 mi from Dawson Creek to Fairbanks in 7 months because the Japanese were invading up the Aleutian Islands and that was the reason for the Alaskan Highway. was built by the USD or US Engineers Division and and my father worked for them. And so I I lived on the Alaskan Highway and in the army camps and on various pioneer farms and so on. I know that may sound ancient to you, but you've had a you've have a country here that's developed. Sister Biscll and I lived in a country that was new, just being pioneered. her father was a pioneer farmer and then became a merchant. And so we we have lived a pioneer life. I I didn't have a dog when I was a boy, but I had uh bears were in the camp every day, every night, and I used to go and see the bears and throw sticks at them and so on. And and so to this day, I still don't have any fear of bears unless they're grizzly bears. and then you have a lot of respect for them. So I was 14 years old uh and there were and my father was go coming to a meeting like this only it was in a large auditorium and my father had been saved from Catholicism. So they always were interested in going to church, going to meetings, going to prayer meetings and God was moving in wonderful way. And so there was a a lot of ministers and flyers that were sent out in the mail and magazines. There was Oral Roberts, Tommy Osborne, Tommy Hicks, Velmer Gardner, O Jaggers and WV Grant and on and on and on had infinitum of all of these men. But I had heard of brother William Brham uh in this when I was 14. And so we came to the meeting early. It was in a civic uh arena where they played uh hockey and uh uh uh we just came and I was I was like 14year-old like any 14year-old you know and we we got a little cvy of boys together and and would you know just uh fool around and and run around and and one of them was Billy Paul and there were about four or five of us so we were just enjoying it and then when we would get to the get come to the meeting with my parents, my father and stepmother. My mother had passed away. So, uh, we'd come to the meeting and this was the first meeting I'd ever been to like this where it was just a big lineup of people and I thought, "Oo, what kind of what kind of preacher is this? What kind of meeting is this going to be?" And all these people lined up way way early of the meeting. So, we finally got into this auditorium and the bleachers up the side and the whole lower area was filled with chairs and filled with people and it was hard to get a seat. And so, we were way up in the bleachers and you know, us fellas kind of, you know, uh uh not too serious about what was going on. But I noticed the man who came up to in introduce Brother Brandham, he was a former pastor from Vancouver. His name Ern Baxter. You'll see his name in the books. And brother Baxter introduced brother Brandham and he said that brother Brandham will not these are the things I remember. He said uh brother Brandham when he comes out he will not begin praying for the sick till the angel of the Lord is here at the platform. And I that really perked my attention. I thought I have never seen a man that has seen or talked to an angel of the Lord. So uh after about 2 three days I I lost interest in being with the other young fellows and I I wanted to get closer. I wanted to see and I wanted to hear and this was one this was really the start of my spiritual existence I would say. And and I got a chair and that is a miracle number one. Chairs were at a premium. You couldn't get a seat period. And I got a seat right down the third row from the front where the brother with the checkered shirt is. I was sitting right there and the meeting was taking place and I don't recall anything of the service. I don't recall what was spoken. Brother Brandham usually didn't preach. There was a little exhortation that happened ahead of time and then brother Brandon would come out and call a prayer line and the prayer line was coming from this direction at this time and a woman came up with a with a daughter and the girl I would think would be about 10 to 12 years old and she had uh uh dark ringlets and coming down to her shoulders kind of full face and uh but but all she had for eyes was just two big white balls. And I was so close that I noticed that up in this up on this eye here, right up in the very corner, I thought I could see a little bit of the ball of the eye, but I wasn't sure. And so, Brother Brandham didn't have to uh do any discerning. It was obvious what was wrong with her. And I was quite feeling excited and enthused because now I was going to see something. All of these diseases and tuberculosis and cancer and things you couldn't see those things, but now I wanted to see something. So, Brother Brennan, he laid his hands on her and prayed for her. Then he looked at her, nothing happened. Prayed for a second time. Looked at her third time. fourth. I'm counting four times, five times, nothing happened. And my heart began to sink and I thought just when I get a chance to see something, nothing is happening. And I thought, this is like all other ministers. And then he prayed six times and there was nothing. And then I'll never forget, he just took and put his arms around her head and he prayed a prayer. Now, anybody who questions this message, I'd like them to pray that prayer and see what happens. And he prayed a prayer and he said, "Satan, an angel from God, ministered this gift to me and told me that nothing would stand before my prayers, not even cancer, if I could get the people to believe." Said, "The people are here and they do believe you. believe me and I adure you in the name of the living God to loose her and let her go. And that time he did not look at her. He just took her by the shoulders here and turned her this way to face the audience. Her eyes were as straight as mine are. And then he lifted her like this. And she's looking at the bright lights of the arena. And I was so close I could even see that tears were coming in her eyes from the bright lights because she wasn't accustomed to that. that never left me. Of course, it wouldn't leave you either. &gt;&gt; It never left me. And I was I was more than impressed. It was an anchor &gt;&gt; went down my heart. Then when I heard uh that was 1949 about 19 57, I'm getting older. We're we're going to meetings. Well, I got married to my wife who's here with me and we went to brother Brandham's meetings in 1957 in Tacoma. And I believe the pastor was Aw Rasmmanson on under who I was ordained. And uh in those meetings, they went on I believe for 10 days. I'm not certain, but it was a miraculous time. And brother Brandham called out one native Indian boy and he gave the names of all of his parents. They were over on the other his parents, his grandparents and siblings. He named them each one like that. And that boy was blind also. And the next night or two I saw him going to the water fountain to get to get a drink. And uh so it was it was really remarkable. Then in 1958, uh a relative of mine had been a missionary in Cuba and uh and and he was up in our area because that's where his home had been. And he was there just uh uh seeing some of his relatives and he was helping me uh build a house. And while we were walking across the floor carrying a plank, uh, he said, "Have you heard what Brother Brandham is teaching these days?" And I said, "No." Uh, actually, I just be honest with you, I had I I'd started to get very discouraged. from about 1948, thank you, to 1958, had been uh been a tremendous, Brother Brandham refers to it as a revival of the restoration of the gifts and it was just an incredible manifestation of things. Just incredible. Uh in fact is in a meeting like this, if you don't mind, I'll just interject here. I was sitting over here uh right on the front seat in a little wee tiny church. I traveled 350 miles on a motorcycle to go to that meeting. There was such a hunger for God. Talk about all night prayer meetings. That wasn't nothing new to us. They had all night prayer meetings and manifestation of tongues and interpretation and all of these things and anointing. My goodness, just anointing. You could almost cut it with a with a knife. It was so uh evident. And we didn't care who they were, what they were, they were Baptist or what they were. That all had was meaningless. We never even asked anybody. It was just what God was doing. We never went to church to hear a sermon only. We went to church to hear God's word, but we went to church to see what was happening. Something was always happening. And I was sitting on the front seat and the service was over. And uh pastor, I don't I don't even know what the church was. I think he was I don't know what he was. They they certainly believed in what God was doing and it was just such an outpouring and uh and there was an older couple sitting right behind me. I had met them once someplace I don't know where and uh so we we just stood to greet one another and I turned around shook hands and and my wife had come. She wasn't my wife then. She was with her best friend, a tall uh fair-haired girl, a Norwegian girl, and they had come with somebody else, and I drove a motorcycle up there, and they were sitting way at the back of the church against the back wall. And uh I just turned around, was greeting this family, this brother and his wife, and he was just a raw boned older man. and he shook my hand and I shook her hand and the lady said, "You have something very heavy on your heart." And I said, "That is true." She said, "It concerns a young lady." And I said, "That is true." And she turned around and pointed to my uh who I wasn't even going with her as a girlfriend at the time. And turned around, she says, "The little dark girl at the back." The reason she said dark girl was because her friend was taller and very fair. said, "It's a little dark girl at the back." I said, "That is also true." Said, "Have no fear. God has given her to you." Well, praise the Lord. That was good meeting. [Applause] So, so those things, but then when the word came, not very many took it. &gt;&gt; So, this is what was troubling me. This is what was troubling me. How could all of this manifestation and this anointing and this powerful things and and true things and false things, things that we didn't know what to do with, you know, and uh I heard prophecies over people. They're supposed to go to my my sister and her husband supposed to go to Indochina. They went to Midwest of Canada. Uh there uh his brother and he were to go with them to Indochina. They went to Jamaica. Another couple went were supposed to go to the Arctic to the Eskimo people. They went down to southern British Columbia. My father was supposed to go to Africa. He never left Canada. What do you do with all these things? 14, 15, 16 years old. You just see and then you see things like, you know what I just experienced? Well, you're you're just going all over the map. You don't know what to believe. And then some some of my then I entered the ministry and got married and entered the ministry and some were baptizing in Jesus only. And some were baptizing father, son, holy ghost. I was baptized father, son, holy ghost. My wife was baptized father, son and holy ghost. And the man who led me into ministry says, "Well, I only see two. So is it two? Is it one? Is it three? Is it you know?" Well, we just he said, "Well, it doesn't matter." You know, nobody could sort it out. And uh but when I went to baptize some people, five people for the first time in you talk about a cold river. I mean my legs were purple when I came out of there and it was just a glacier river and it was fast and I had three men that were all over six foot. And so I said to I said to the one who later became a a deacon in my church, I said, "Now I always like to figure things out." I said, 'Now, I said, 'When I baptize you, I said, 'I'm only going to go in, you know, probably to my thighs, and I want you to kneel down. And he was big. He said, oh, no. He said, you're going all the way with me. I said, "No, Tommy." I said, "Listen, we we'll just go in. This river is cold and this river is swift. You just go into your up to your thigh. Then you kneel down and I said, "I want to baptize you into the current so I have the current help me bring you back up." No. He said, "You're going all the way with me." So, and he took a vice grip on my arm and led me all the way in. But before I went into that water, I had said to a little fellow that I knew had also heard of some of Brother Brandham's tapes. I said, "Have you ever heard how Brother Brandham believed in baptizing?" And so he said, "Well," he said, "I understand." And he baptized in the name of the father, son, and holy ghost, which is the lord Jesus Christ. He says the name of the father, son, and the holy ghost is the lord Jesus Christ. Said okay. So the first people I baptized, I baptized the name of the lord Jesus Christ. I've always been happy for that. [Applause] So now we're in 1957 and the meeting's in Tacoma. Uh I'm just backing up for just a second. And in in that meeting while Brother Brandham is is preaching. Now one of the things that I hope this will convey to you. Brother Brandham says many times, "I'm in two worlds at this point." Now you young people, you're in one world, but I was had the opportunity of being with a man that would step into two worlds. And while I give my testimony, that's what you'll detect. He'd just slip into another world and speak from another realm. And that that always that's never been duplicated. &gt;&gt; That's never been duplicated. Not since. And we didn't have that all through the history that I can ever find. Not since Jesus time. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And so in the meeting in uh in Tacoma, he said he just went like this. Tacoma, Tacoma, a bomb hangs yonder with your name on it. &gt;&gt; And from that time, Tacoma was a at that time Tacoma was being boarded up. It was postwar. It was just in a really dilapidated condition. But the United States government made it the submarine base for nuclear submarines. And it it is I can tell you right today it is high on the list of targets. If there's a nuclear war, there's a bomb. That prophet said there's a bomb with Tacoma's name on it. and people from Vancouver, Canada, actually went down in resistance to it being made a nuclear submarine base. And it's a large base today. And I met a brother that's a believer now who was a on a train that took missiles into that base. So, you know what's he doing? He's just preaching and he's rearing back and saying, "Tacoma, Tacoma, a bomb." and and I had goosebumps. &gt;&gt; You can imagine I would have goosebumps. So in 1958 then I heard that brother Brandham believed that this uh relative of mine said, "Have you heard what brother Brandham is preaching?" And he was a man of very few words. And I said, "Well, no. We've kind of buried oursel up here in the north." And he said, "Well, it's something about Cain being the son of the serpent." And I said, "Oh." I said, "Where did he get that?" you know, he said, "I I I don't know." And that was the end of the conversation. And it just like a big lead weight went down in my heart. Now, please watch carefully. This isn't not just not just a series of stories. This is what happened in my life. And that was 1958 when that took place. And then in the next two years, uh something was taking place. And one day this AW Rasmmanson who was pastor I believe at that time in Tacoma he used to be in Edmonton Canada uh he and Matson Boze Joseph Matson Boz from Chicago were very dear friends. Now I'm saying this to you that I understand you must know the tapes in the books. Matson Boz was a very dear friend of brother Brham and so that was the connection and it was very very close to AW Rasmosson and Matson Boze and uh uh so when when this when this brother brother Rasmmanson came to my house once once once in my life I'm 79 years old once in my life this AWS came to my house on that very day was my good friend and a pioneer rancher by the name of Bud Southwick. How many have heard Bud Southwick's name in the books? Many of you. Many of you haven't. You want to be sure and familiarize yourself. And Bud Southwick and I were very, we were actually bosom friends. He was older than me, a little bit older. I used to go to his ranch and hunt. And uh we went up and had meetings there. And he was not a Christian. His wife was uh such as it was. They had five sons, all small boys. He was saved in my church and and we became very dear friends. Bud happened to be in my house that evening when AW Raspersonson was there and he just blew me away. He said uh he said the British Columbia government want to give me a big hunting territory. And I just brushed it off because Bud was just becoming established as a rancher. He had many horses. He was a horseman. He had many much cattle, probably 200 head of cattle and horses and so on and so forth. And a log house he had just built. And so the game department, I just wrote that off, but he stayed with it. He said, well, said the game warden and in Fort St. John want to give me this territory. It's way up the Alaskan Highway. And then Brother Rasmmanson said, "Oh, Brother Biscll," he said, "you should you should invite Brother Brandham. He likes to hunt, you know." And he said, ' Then maybe you could have some meetings and kill two birds with one stone. And I I thought, well, uh, Brother Brandham, he probably gets 100,000 letters a month. Uh, he'd never see my letter if I wrote from But I don't know what possessed me, but I sat down and I wrote a letter with a pencil and paper and sent it to brother Brandham. And uh, I didn't hear. I didn't hear for months and months and I didn't expect to hear because I said what's my letter amongst all the letters he gets. And uh in the next year and a half I resigned pastoring the little church in Dawson Creek and I moved 800 miles south uh to go and do missionary work amongst the native Indians. And we were only there about 3 weeks and I got a letter from brother Brandham's office and Billy Paul had written the first letter and he said that daddy would like to uh go on a hunt if we could arrange it. And then I have a letter from brother Brandham. I still have all of these letters. And it was March the 6th, 1961. And he and he was talking about the hunt. and he said, "I think we can just only do grizzly hunt in the spring." So that was our first hunt. And he he came up and we met him and he went on up to Brother Southwick's place and introduced him there. I was from from Dawson Creek perhaps. So we can get this map up. Can we do that? Uh, all right. Well, there you see Dawson Creek. Now, I was living off the map down here on Vancouver Island and going up here along the coast of the native Indians in these little areas, these uh little bays. And there's probably native Indians. They didn't even speak the same language. Down here there would be the Bamfields, then the Ullets and the houses, the Tofenos, all the way up the coast, Indian bands, and I went up that coast on that side for 14 times in the first year. Now, Brother Brandham wants to go hunting and the hunting territory. Here's Dawson Creek. We would meet there and drive Fort St. John. This is mile 300 on Alaskan Highway. And we drive to about here where brother Southwick would be. And then we would go from there by horse this way into the Rocky Mountain Trench, about 25 or 30 miles by packor. This was the first time that that territory had been hunted other than uh under the under the jurisdiction of a native Indian band. And there was one family and it was a large family called McDonald's. He took a he took a white man's name and uh that's all right. I'm accustomed to grizzly bears. [Applause] And uh this McDonald family, they live down here. Uh there's some little lakes down there. It's actually called Moose Lakes. and uh uh the British Columbia government took the territory away from them and gave it to brother Southwick. They were not happy. So we're riding on our horses and we come to a sign, a little sign, and only one of them of the 17 children, 17 grown adult children. And one of them could write a little bit of English. And this is these were the words on a on a little board on a stake beside the horse trail. Go past this sign means blood. And so when brother Brandham saw that go past this sign means blood. We were we were the first white people. Brother Brandham was the first hunter that we that I knew of hunting on this territory. And brother Southwick was taking him in. And there's uh brother Southwick, brother Brham, brother a brother that brother Brandham wanted to have along by the name of Chris Berg. It was a trapper from our town and and myself. And so Bud Bud, this is the way Bud look at the sign. I don't know if he could even read it, but anyway, look at the sign and I looked at the sign kind of wondered what what do we do now? Go beyond this sign means blood. And he just kept on writing like he never even saw the sign. And and I I know that brother Brandham he he wondered he said he said to me later he said you know they have they have western movies of of they said they're reruns but he said this isn't rerun. This isn't a rerun. We're doing this for the first time. I said yeah that's exactly right. and he was interested in everything, how we tied our shoes and how we tied our moccasins and and and everything. And we were way in there about 2530 miles. And uh uh we're in the in the tent. We had just finished breakfast and I heard, you know, I heard pad pad out just barely faintly outside. And so I crawled to my hands and knees and and just part of the tent flaps and I just saw horse legs and I looked up and there's a native Indian on the horse and another one right beside him just like you see in the movies if you and sitting there and there I was on my hands and knees looking at the and this one very old Indian and another one right beside him and uh I said we got company and so brother Southwick comes up this that was the father of the whole tribe Charlie. Hey Charlie. So invited him in the tent and and he sits and squats down said would you like some tea? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. They just grunted and uh brother Brandham says to me, he says, "Ask, tell Bud, ask him how old he is." He didn't know. All he knew is 80 no more. 80 no more. He wasn't 80 anymore. He was some somewhere past that. And uh and and and and I'm now here I am. Please put yourself in my place with huge questions in my heart. I don't know about the I don't know about baptism. I'm wondering about that. Now I've been preaching for seven years. I don't know about the Godhead. I'm wondering about that. And this thing about the serpent said, I decided it was a bad rumor and somebody who was just saying bad things to degrade brother Brandham's ministry. And because I only the only thing I knew about his ministry is that angel of the Lord &gt;&gt; was there at the platform. And I'd seen this se the secrets of the hearts and and and brother Benham taking him by the hand at initially and then speaking to them and I thought you know that can't be duplicated. So now I'm watching him. I'm watching everything how his movements are, how he acts and when he sees people. That's why I'm telling you this first part. And uh and here's this native Indian. He's he's squatting. And the other one says, "Well, my brother's down at the river." Oh, there's not just two. There's three of them. So he goes down to the river and gets his brother and they're all sitting there. And the old man had gunny sacks, burlap gunny sacks for what happened? Stitched from here all the way down to here on both legs. And uh and he sat squatting and he sat perfectly erect. I thought he's doing pretty good for 80 no more. And we we put tea in, you know, bags of tea and his tea and he just took the rest of the tea bags and threw them all in his cup. I thought, boy, that that fell like strong. So I I'm just I I'm just eager now. I'm picking up everything I can. And then finally there, we gave him a little bit of lunch and they went on got on their horses and I was happy to wave to them and see them go actually. And uh and he swung up on the saddle and and they rode off. And Brother Brandham and I were standing there. Brother Brandham says, "Brother Eddie said, you see how straight he sits in the saddle?" He said, "Did you see the patches on his pants? burlap sacks on his pants. And those are the two things he noticed. The burlap patches on his pants and how straight he sat in a saddle. You might think, well, why why wouldn't he see some glorious or some deep thing, but just hang on. So, we have this account and we get back uh to the camp and uh then some some ride in someone rides in and says that Charlie's wife has got a something. She's dying. She got a heart attack or something. They don't know. And they rode Brother Brandham out and prayed for her and she lived to the end of his life. Those two people, Charlie Macdonald and his wife, both appear in the National Geographic magazine. And he was one of the original guides for the US Army to guide them in that area for the Alaskan Highway where the highway was should go. And here, Brother Brandham is the first one to be on their territory and and and hunting. And all of these things are kind of coming in on me. And so while we're still in there in the camp in a beautiful, beautiful place, just mountain glaciers on either side. And uh one evening, Brother Brandham says to me, he said, "Brother Eddie," he said, "Would you uh I think I'll just go out and see if we get a rabbit for some meat." Cuz we couldn't get meat in the in the springtime. And he said, "Would you like to go with me?" I said, "Yeah, I would." because in the daytime I had been going with the trapper friend, brother Chris Berg, and brother Bud had been going with with brother Brandham. So we went uh a short distance just walking and uh brother Brandham soldered over to a log and just sat down on a log and I just cuz I could sense he wasn't really interested in hunting and I wasn't interested in hunting. I had these huge questions on my heart and I thought if I can just get a chance to talk to him and we sat down on this log and uh and if I wouldn't open up any spiritual things because he was there for a rest I just wanted to give him a rest. How many remember the woman in the Bible that said to her husband this man of God she didn't know he had the it was Elijah? &gt;&gt; Yeah. She just wanted to give him a place to rest. Just wanted to give him a table, uh, some water, a little bed, just a place to rest. Friends, that's all I had in my mind. I just give this man I already had this big questions in my heart and especially on the serpent seed. And so I read Genesis 4:1. I memorized it. Genesis 4:1. And Adam knew his wife, and she conceived and brought forth a son called his name Cain. For I've received a man from the Lord. To me, that settled it. If Brother Brandham tried to circumvent or go around that scripture, I just thought that would be the end of our friendship. And so, that was really troubling me. And there I am. You can understand. And I thought for a moment any time he might look at me as he did on the platform and say, "You rascal, you don't believe." You know, and I had that on me as well. I I I had a fear of being exposed and I had a fear of him being wrong. And then finally he said, uh, I said, "Brother Brandon, how how is it that people can be, you know, anointed?" And I said, "I do know what the anointing is." And I said, "They can prophesy and they speak in tongues and they interpret pro prophecy and all of these things going on." And I said, "And preach and they are anointed. I can tell that they're anointed." But I said, "Their lives don't measure up with the word of God." And he said, "Well, Brother Eddie," he said, "Uh, the scripture says that the rain falls on the just and the unjust." And I said, 'Yeah, I I knew the scripture well, but it, you know, it didn't have the same emphasis with me. He says, and he said, "You tell me what the wheat rejoiced in. I'll tell you what the tears rejoiced in. You tell me what what strengthened the wheat and I'll tell you what strengthened the tears." And I said, "Yeah, okay." You know, and then he said, "In the last days, says God, I'll pour out my spirit upon." And I said, "All." He said, "A ll flesh. Not all flesh is saved, but he said, I'll pour out my spirit upon all flesh." And I, "Yeah, okay. I could I could understand that." And then he went to a third scripture. And then he went to a fourth scripture. By the time he got to the fourth scripture, and I could I could give you at least three of those scriptures, but by the time he got to the fourth scripture, it just like every question vanished. It it literally evaporated. He said, "You know, Brother Eddie, I was riding on my horse behind Brother Southwick this afternoon." He said, "I I I believe it was on this mountain here." And he pointed just behind me. He said, "The sun was shining down real nice and warm." Said he he came to me there and I had heard him at the pulpit. Now I'm getting down where you want to listen. &gt;&gt; And I had heard him at the pulpit say, "He's here." And I knew then that there was nothing that could hide from that man. And when he said he came to me there, now he's sitting right here. And I just looked at him. Looked at him right in the eyes. And and I have to be honest with you now, the scripture went through my mind in Daniel where his eyes were like candles that burn so intensely and I was naked. I was absolutely exposed. Not be and his eyes were not his eyes were not dancing. His eyes were not glittering. His eyes were not flashing, just deep set intensity. Brother Puit, I knew there was nothing hidden in my life from the earliest memory that I had. And yet the eyes had conveyed a compassion. And he said, "I believe you have three questions you want to ask me." And the first one is the Godhead. And he took them in the order they were stacked in my heart. And he said, "And the second one is on the first one is on baptism and the second was on the Godhead and the third one is on the serpent seed." Friends, I was so I was so wound up. I was so tense. I was so afraid because I didn't want to be disappointed that this man that I had kind of the last of the move of God. But I was like a young man hanging on to a life raft and I thought that his life if I didn't want anybody to take that away but if he believed this thing about Cain and the son of the serpent I just I just to me in those days we never even used the word sex over the over the pulpit. We just were it was the promiscuous society hadn't arrived and we just considered those place too sacred for those things. And so I said, "But brother Brandham," and I'm sorry I raised my finger, which I did. I said, "But brother Brham," I said, "The scripture says, "And Adam knew his wife and she conceived and bare a son and called his name Cain and and said, I've received a man from the Lord." Brother Brandham said, "Brother Ready, that's exactly right." I thought, "How can you say that? You took my defense away. You agreed with me." And and just as I was thinking that, he said, "But you need to read the next verse." I didn't know what the next verse was. He says, "And she again bare his brother Abel." He said, "They were twins." thought, "Oh, I've missed something." No revelation. Said, "I just missed something." So I said, "Oh," he said, "It's always been twins. Cain and Abel and Ishmamail and Isaac and Jacob and Esau and Jesus and Judas." And I realized I realized there was no problem that they weren't twins from the same womb always, but they were twins. He says they arrived at the same time and left about the same time. He said he said a lot of people think three died at Calvary, but he said there were four. He said Jesus took one thief with him and Judas the son of predition took one thief with him. Went like that. See, there was four that died. All I knew I was seeing things I had never seen. &gt;&gt; And the questions I had vanished. And yet the other thing was that I had a realization. I'm missing something. I'm missing a whole lot. And then he said, "You pray and be real sincere." Brother Eddie said, "These things can only come by divine revelation. and I'll pray for you, too. And I believe God will reveal it to you. It was about 4 months later. I was at home. I was reading my Bible and I was reading in the New Testament, not in the Old Testament. In the New Testament and Apostle Paul says in I think it's 2 Corinthians 11. Bear with me in my folly and indeed bear with me for I am jealous over you with a godly jealousy. For I have espoused you to one husband, that I may present you as a chasteed virgin to Christ, but I fear lest as the serpent beguiled Eve, so your mind should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ. Mine said what? She didn't get a headache. That wasn't what happened. And and and I thought if English means anything, if if Eve was married to one husband, she was a spouse to one husband and uh and and she was chased and she was a virgin. If she remained a virgin after Satan came, then English has completely lost its meaning. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; She couldn't possibly be a virgin. He Paul is saying, "I'm jealous over you, a Corinthian church." And the church is a woman. Church is a feminine gender. I'm I'm I'm jealous over you. I'm zealous over you as a as a a from his office. And and that I may present you as a chasteed virgin to Christ. But I fear less as the serpent beguiled Eve. And and then I just then it opened up. Not opened up. I didn't study it. I didn't even study it. It just opened up. It was just like a flash of light from Genesis to Revelation. Then I understood the blood sacrifice. I understood the circumcision and the Old Testament. I understood what Calvary was all about. I could understand why we had to be washed in the blood. I could I just begin to understand that it's become a pillar truth. I tell you what, friends, the serpent seat is a pillar truth. And I have said publicly and we'll say again this morning that that if if time should go on, Brother Brandon would go down in in religious history as having changed the face of Christianity more than any other one man because of the serpent seed doctrine that that the serpency doctrine. If you get people who are not indoctrinated already, you talk to somebody in university, university students, they see that right away. you're quiet. But I'll tell you, it works. There's a young man by the name of Jonathan Larga in Croatia and uh and he was in university. His father died when he was a young man and he and Jonathan was going to university. You know him, brother pro. He's going to university and he's walking down the aisle and he heard that this other young lady was he wasn't married and this other young lady was a some kind of Christian. So he just walking down the aisle of the university and he's saying he said as he as he passed he said it wasn't an apple and she thought what in the world what what's this guy saying it wasn't wasn't an apple he married her she became his wife so if you need a wife you might want to use that [Applause] all Right. Are we doing all right for time? &gt;&gt; Now I want to I need to come now to uh after that first time we were with brother Brandham in that first hunt and they had asked answered those three questions for me. Then he said, "I'd like to bring my son up this fall." And uh and uh but in the meetings in Dawson Creek now, just before we had left uh to go up, I'm sitting on the platform. Can you let me just back up for just a moment? I'm sitting on the platform sitting over here. And there were about two things. I'm only going to take about two or three things. three things. Then you think about the two worlds. And I'm I'm I'm sitting beside a a very very dignified uh minister. He became a Bible school teacher. He was pastoring the church in Grand Prairie where the first meetings were. His name was Paul Cornish, Reverend Paul Cornish. And uh he was he was a man that was didn't show his emotions very much. So there's a whole prayer line lined up against the wall coming this way. That's the way they have them. And Paul Cornish is standing right beside me. He was quite a tall man. And brother Brandham has got somebody in front of him and he's speaking to this person in front of him. Now I'm going to describe just what happened. He's speaking to this person. I'm trying to listen to everything. He just goes like this. the boy will be all right. And then he just turns this person, carries right on and a force, a living force just flew past me. I didn't know. I didn't even hear exactly what it was. The boy will be all right. And this man here, you might as well hit him. I mean, here's a very dignified minister. You might as well have hit him with a sledgehammer. He just went like this, like that. And he's folded over in two, and he's convulsing in tears and sobs. I don't know what to do. I don't even know what happened. I don't even know what was said exactly. And here's a man, "Boy, I'll be all right." And here's a man collapsed and convulsing in tears. A man you couldn't get to do that for nothing. And uh and I'm I'm I'm standing not knowing what to do. I'm I'm I'm I'm stunned and uh brother Brandon carries on talking with this person in the prayer line and brother Paul Corny stands up erect and he touches me on the elbow. He says, "Brother Eddie," he said, "See down at the end of the line, not the last person, but two or three people up." He said, ' That's my son, and he's due for an operation next week. Uh, now you'll just get a few things. I just leave that with you. Now comes a woman on this side another day, a friend of mine, friend of my family, especially is much older than me, and she's got her hands like so. Her name is Sister Clint, a German woman. K L U N T. Sister Clint. They had no children. She was from Fort St. John. And Brother Brandham is standing and he's saying now you're praying for a man and he's shattered with death. He's not from this town. I believe he's in a place just north from here called Fort St. John. And he told her to go and just to believe. And he didn't say anything more. And she left. And I I thought, well, she's praying for this man. He's dying with cancer. And the next day, that was Saturday, Sunday, and then then this was Monday. We're leaving and Brother Vanam doesn't know where I'm taking him and we're leaving early early in the morning to go way hundreds of miles into the wilderness. And you can see that Dawson Creek here in Fort St. John are quite close together. They're about 40 miles apart. And so now on Monday morning, we're just relaxed and Brother Brandham is in his dungarees and and we're driving along. I'm sitting beside him and we start to come to Fort St. John and and the town lays to the right hand side of the highway and when the US Army pushed the road through they just went through the farmer's fields and there's an old farmhouse there and as we brother Brandham slowed down he's driving his station wagon and as he slowed down and we're coming into and there's two roads that go into into the town into the village or town of Fort St. on and the first road right after just before the first road is this big white farmhouse and we're just driving past slowly and brother Brandham just went like he said there was a woman praying for a man in Fort St. John. And I said, "That's right, Brother Brandham. That's a good friend of my family." He just went like this. He was he was in another realm. I could tell he was another realm. Now, think about two worlds. He just went like this with his hand. He put it behind my head because we were traveling. He says, "The man's in that house. You know, God is faithful. And I can tell you that Satan is not very far away. &gt;&gt; And a thought just flashed through my mind. Here I am with these big questions in my heart. I don't know exactly what's happening. I'm taking this man for a rest. And Satan's very, very diligent. How do you know the man's in the house? Well, I don't know. I don't know anything about the house. I don't know anything about who's there. I knew her &gt;&gt; and I knew that she walked off the platform, felt uh uh felt comfortable with what brother Brandham said to her. So now we get 375 miles. Now we're way up into the wilderness, way up here. I don't know if this isn't working. We're about to here someplace. From there, the man is here. Now we're up here. And we're in Brother Southwick's house with all his little kids. And I I'm I'm anxious to make him aware what a prophet is. He doesn't know. If you said Genesis, he wouldn't know what you're talking about. If you said Revelation, he wouldn't know what you're talking about. He's just a horseman, a rancher, knew nothing about the Bible, but had received Jesus Christ as a savior. That's all he knew. So I said, "Brother Southwick, you know, Brother Bud, Brother Brandham is like a prophet." And I said, "You know, you know the Clint family." Cuz he knows them well. I said, 'Well, Sister Clunt was in the f in the in the church on the platform, and this is what Brother Brandham said to her. And I said, and as we came just past Fort St. John, I said, 'The big white house is on your right hand side there before you go in. And I I and and Brother Brandham said, "And the man's in that house." And he said, "The man isn't from here. He's in Fort St. John." As we drove past and he waved. He says, "The man's in that house." And Bud says, "Well, that's right." He says, "That's Ed Thomas. I've known him ever since I was just a boy, about eight years old. And I said, I also know that he's dying with cancer. And so here it was on the platform. Here it was that I knew her. Here it was as we drove past. Here it is 375 miles into absolute wilderness. and friends, my good friends from Louisiana and Texas, I want to say something to you. You see where this is? You can go down this Rocky Mountain trench for probably 600 700 miles and I have we run out of speed. I doubt you'll ever see a human. You could go from there north probably 1,500 miles and I doubt you'd ever see a human. That's wilderness. And here a man is saying, "Well, I know that he's there." And brother Brandham who's sitting there at a table is saying on the pulpit, "This man," or you might say, "Well, that's revealing the secret of the heart." That's that's that's even more than that. It was revealing the secret of her heart. But then who was that in the car? &gt;&gt; And who was that for in the car? The man's in that house is my heart was smitten. These things, friends, this man here, brother Puit, senior brother pastor has asked me to give my testimony. And I'm saying it in a way perhaps I've never said it before. And now I'm saying it to you. And now you have it. those things those things this is not you know reading somebody's mind I didn't have anything in my mind other than some big fear and questions and here it's God's grace extended to us &gt;&gt; and I just felt that brother Puit must feel some reason to have this lodged in somebody's heart &gt;&gt; these things have never happened since Adam. &gt;&gt; When did this happen? Where is this in church history? &gt;&gt; Where is this anywhere in the world? Whoever who does this not this is not some fortune telling. This isn't reading somebody's mind. I didn't go there to have that in involved. I didn't go there I went there with fear and trembling. I went there with apprehension. I'm going to find this thing is all sideways. I I wasn't going there swallowing everything up. I was going there to it had to be in line with the scriptures. &gt;&gt; But then when in a few days he's saying you got three questions in your heart and the big question just evaporated. Now I saw all this anointing. And then I begin to see these people were so mightily anointed, but when the message came their way, didn't accept it. Didn't receive the word. And so there's nothing to anchor it to. And so now, Brother Southwick is saying, "I know him and I know he's dying with cancer." Not too long ago, I Googled his name, Ed Thomas in Fort St. John. In May, Sister Clint was standing there and brother Braden didn't say anything. I had noticed that. He didn't say anything about him. In July, he died from cancer. So all these years later, I hadn't paid any attention to it, but I just wanted to find out what happened to him. And uh then the last service to a Saturday night service I believe you can find it and you can hear it on the tape and it's better if you hear it on the tape and it's good that you speak English and understand and you can get the tape from Dawson Creek and and and and this is what is happening and brother Brandham is closing the service after he finished preaching. and he sang and we're singing I love him. I'm standing over here. I love him. He's leading them. I love him because he first loved me. Says, do you love him with all your heart? The people still singing just raise your hands and praise him and say thank you Jesus says what's the matter soldier boy you're not going to commit suicide that's the devil talking to you and the people are singing I love him that's the devil that's the devil lying to you boy you're only a you've only got a phobia he's lying to you he'll drive you insane if you believe him. Deny him. Renounce the devil. I command you in the name of Jesus Christ to renounce the devil and accept Jesus Christ as your healer. You'll go back and be a real gentleman and a real man. Do you do you do it? Raise up your hands to God and say, "Praise God. That's right. Oh, amen. Now, go back and be well. go back home and be well because he first loved me. And I I sat there stunned. The atmosphere was fearful and at the same time filled with question. And I knew a Canadian soldier and so I was looking for him. I had lived in US Army camps and earlier in the meetings I'd seen one out in the foyer in the lobby. I saw one just with a US tunic and he had a staff sergeant on his arm. But you know then the hippie generation was on and everybody was buying army clothes and so I didn't know whether it was just a young person wearing army clothes and he was tall. uh he was uh shallow complexion and very tight deep set eyes and I had just noticed him in the foyer and so I was looking for him now when brother Brandham called and said these words and I couldn't see any soldier at Sat on Monday morning we left very early in the morning maybe four or five o' and were driving up the highway and now we have the man's in that house and we drive on and uh we drive to Fort Nelson which is 300 miles. This is 300 miles. 300 miles. Fort Nelson is just built alongside the highway. Gas stations and motel on either side and little clapboards. It's a mining like a mining town only it's a now it's become kind of an oil. They're doing oil discovery work there. And and uh there's a little clapboard hotel on this side of the road on the left. And I said, "You know, Brother Brennan, it's about noon." And and I said, "If we drive on up to South Witch, we won't get there till maybe 1:30, 2:00, and Sister Laya will be done her dishes. Maybe we should just stop and have a bite to eat." And typical Brother Benham says, "Oh, I think that's a good idea, Brother Eddie." So, he just pull off the road on a little access gravel, just gravel road, and parks the car. And we walk in uh and and and there's brother uh brother Brandham is here and brother Chrisberg is here and I'm here and we're sitting in a booth and uh just behind us is the till cash register and the door that comes in and we we there waitress came up and we ordered our dinner and nothing has come yet and the door swings open and two men walk in. Uh, one is about the size of brother John Lei and has got fair hair like him pretty much. And the other there's a young man uh quite a bit younger probably by age maybe 27 28 and uh and and and those two men walk in and I recognize the one as being the one who was in the tunic and are walking the two of them walking right down looking right at us. And so I said to the one, I said, "Excuse me now, I'm sorry. Brother Brandham was here and brother uh Berg was there and I was here." And this man says, I looked up at him and we had never met. And I said, I said, "Fancy seeing you here." Cuz he was looking right at me knowingly. And uh the other shorter sandyhaired man squeezed between him and our table and thrust his hand down at brother Brandham. He says, "Brother Brandham, Brother Brandham." And brother Brandham said, "Oh," he put his hand up. He says, "Oh, oh, do I know you?" He said, "No, no, no." He said, "But you remember the soldier boy you called out, the soldier boy?" He said, "And and uh you talked to the soldier boy in the meeting." And brother Brandham has his hand up. It's still kind of shaking like this. He's, "Oh, oh, do you remember, Brother Eddie?" I said, "Yes, yes, I remember." You said, "Uh, uh, that's the devil, soldier boy. You're not going to you're not going to commit suicide. You're not going to kill yourself or that's that's the devil talking to you. Deny him. Deny him and you'll go home and be a real gentleman. Be a real man." He said, "That's it. That's right. That's what you said. That's what you said." when he says, "This is him." He said, "Would you pray for him, Brother Brandham?" And just then the waitress, she just thought that we're three guys talking or four guys or whatever we were. And she just walks in with bowls of soup and she she just slides the soup in in front of all of us and and and and uh and then she goes her way and and and brother Brandon says, "Well, yes." He said, "Well, uh oh, certainly would pray for him. Uh, I said, "Maybe we'll just eat our soup first." And I thought, "This young man's demonpossessed. He's trying to kill himself, and we're going to eat our soup first." But you know, that's what control is, friends. &gt;&gt; When you're in control, and I was learning things. Oh, was I in a I was in a I was in an advanced course of ministry. &gt;&gt; I was in an advanced course of Christian living &gt;&gt; and uh and so we had our start having our soup and brother Brandon's eating his soup and I noticed he had changed and uh you know we'd been friendly and loose and you know relaxed and talking. He was always friendly, but I mean relaxed and and I can see he wasn't relaxed now. He was just eating his soup. He says, "You see, brother Eddie," he said, "unless the Lord does something," he said, "for this young man." And I could see he was now his mind had gone to the need of this young man. And uh he said, and he's eating a soup. He says there was a woman who was blind coming through the prayer line because we had a big prayer line like you're going to have I think maybe tonight. Big prayer line coming through on Sunday. And he said she's blind. And I said I don't remember. I was one of the men praying. I said I don't remember a blind woman coming through the line. And brother Bam just said let's just see. Yes. He said, "She's blind." And brother Chris Berg said, "Yeah." He said, "I think there was a blind woman, but he's not a minister and he wasn't." So, we're just, you know, having this kind of conversation. And, uh, Brother Brandham, he just continues to eat his soup. Yes. He said, "She's blind." Oh, he said, "I understand. The y there's a younger woman that is leading her through." and the younger woman has given up her place in the prayer line to lead the blind woman through. And so I'm just listening and he looked at me. He said, "Brother Eddie, do you believe?" I said, "Yes, I do." He said, "Now, just to help you believe, I'll ask him and God will give me her name." And he just continued to eat his soup. He said, "Yes, she's a young German woman. Her name is Sister Fair." He said, "In English, we would say fear, but her in German, you'd say fair." And he said, "She has uh trouble internally." And he named five different organs that she has trouble with, he said. And then he just looked at me again, kind of shook. And now you do you believe me? &gt;&gt; He just coming from another world &gt;&gt; to this one just kind of made me shake his head a little said you see brother Eddie said she may be praying just now. I thought am I sitting beside a man that knows a woman someplace that's praying? I called my dad. I said, "Find out where Sister Far is that was in the meetings. She was at least 500 miles from where we were sitting." That what kind friends, message believers, &gt;&gt; what kind of prophet did God send you? &gt;&gt; And my father, my father located her 500 miles away. Now, we got up. We finished our our meal and we got up and we went to the cash desk and brother Brandham's at the cash desk and this young soldier boy standing right behind him and he touches him on the shoulder. He said, "Brother Brandham," he said, "just two minutes. Just two minutes." "Oh, sure," Brother Brandham said. And we stepped out and went through the door and down to this end a little wooden sidewalk. I need to describe this to you so you see what do you appreciate that &gt;&gt; down little wooden sidewalk ended up at the garbage cans. Garbage cans. And the wooden sidewalk went this way where our cars were parked. And the sandyhaired man, Brother Chris Berg, and I went here to the cars. And I'm standing this way, and I'm looking right down. I want to see what Brother Brandham is doing because I'm just interested in in every aspect of the ministry. And he uh he took his little I saw how he took his little flat cowboy hat and he was holding it down here and I knew he was praying. And then uh and then uh he slipped his hat back on and they both turned around. And I have to be honest with you, I'm just a young man. There is no message. There's no message churches at the time. And and and and I'm just trying to find out what's going on. And I thought now I am not going to be swept swept into the charisma of a powerful personality. You know, it has to be absolutely real. And as they were coming back, I saw the the countenance of this young man changed completely. Totally changed. And now as he's walking with brother Brand, Brother Bran's walking really erect like that. And the young man goes like this. I'm free. I'm free. I'm free. three times. And when they came up to us, he said, "This man, when this man told me what only I and my wife in this world knows, he said, "It left me." &gt;&gt; And they got in their car. I guess we took a couple of pictures because I want to say something about that. And we got in our car, they got in their car, and away we went. They had tried to catch us. This man drove this soldier boy 1,500 miles from Anchorage, Alaska to be in these meetings or Fairbanks, either one of the two. I think it was from Anchorage. And to be in these meetings and they never got them in the prayer line. And here they met him 300 miles, hundreds of miles in the absolute wilderness. and they drive their way and we drive our way. Brother Brandham says to me, "Brother Eddie, do you know this young man?" I said, "No, I don't really." He said, "Not likely you'll ever see him again." I said, "Not likely." Now, I'm going to say some things publicly I haven't said when I've told my testimony before. He said, "Not likely you'll ever see him again." I said, "Not likely." I said, 'He's way up in Fairbanks and I'm down Victoria. He said he understand if he was a friend of yours, I'd never tell you. But he said, uh, when we went to the end of the sidewalk, he said he came to us there and told him that he had a lovely Christian wife and two children. And the sandyhaired man had just told us that. Brother Chris Berg and I not not not any more than three minutes before that. He has a lovely Christian wife and two beautiful children and they don't know. He tried to commit suicide three times and they don't know what's the matter with him. And he's been under the under the direction of US Army doctors. And brother Brandham now as we're driving in the car, we haven't even hit the highway yet. And Brother Brandham says when he came to us there and told him he had a lovely Christian wife and two children, but he'd been committing homosexual acts with young men. And when he w and when that when he was told that and the enemy was exposed, &gt;&gt; he was set free. &gt;&gt; I learned a big lesson, friends. Amen. &gt;&gt; You don't have to cast out every devil in the book. You have to expose him. &gt;&gt; And a lot of people want deliverance, but they don't want to expose him. &gt;&gt; You've got to expose your enemy. &gt;&gt; You can't come to your pastor and just say, you know, I got a problem. If you know what it is, it's a lot more than a problem. Say, expose him. Say, this is exactly what it is, and this is what I need deliverance for. And then you'll have deliverance. [Applause] Some people got some difficulty. Maybe it's lying. Maybe it's cheating. Maybe it's something else. But they don't want to say it because it's it's, you know, they're afraid of becoming too vulnerable. Expose that devil &gt;&gt; tonight. Just expose him. Get rid of him. And you'll have a victory such as you've never had before. And I can tell you that that young man would have never had a deliverance if he had said if he'd said, "Well, no, I I don't want to expose it right now." &gt;&gt; No. And we've experienced that in our own congregation, in our own church. We've had men come in who wanted to be delivered and tried to tried to uh veil homosexuality with leukemia. I've got cancer. I've got a leukemia. I've got a blood problem. Well, they may have had a blood problem, but that wasn't the problem. And uh and and and God revealed it to brother Tom Ray, and Tom says, "There's the phone. Uh we'll call a pastor right now. God has revealed to me that it's not leukemia. It is uh it's homosexuality, and if you if you want deliverance, we'll pick up the phone and call, and we'll have a deacon and and our brother Biscal come up here, and we'll pray for you and cast this demon out." And the man said, "I'm not ready for that." And he walked off that way. About a year and a half, two years later, I got a phone call from a hospital, a large hospital in Vancouver, and it was from the chaplain. And the chaplain was a woman, and she said, "Reverend Biscll, there's a man that's calling for you here." and uh said uh uh he'd like you to come and visit him. I said she wasn't sure what his name was. And so I said, "Well, I I don't know of anybody down there." It turned out it was the same man, the same man that had run out of the church, the very same man that God had offered him. And I finally called the chaplain back and said, "I think that this is a man that uh God offered him salvation and he refused it." And she said, "I believe you're right." And I said, "I think you should just call someone closer." So that's what And 36 years later, are you listening friends? I hope you're not too tired. 36 years later, I had a picture that was sent to me. Sent actually to my daughter Marilyn from Florida, from brother Bob Brown in Florida. And he sent that to Mike and Marilyn. And uh and uh and I was downstairs in my study and Marilyn had just dropped by the house and dropped it off. Said, "There's a picture, quite a nice 5x7 picture." And uh when I came upstairs, Sister Biscll said, "Uh, Marilyn just left this picture for you when they brought it back from Florida." And I went over and picked up the picture. And I'm looking at the picture. She said, "Well, who is it?" And I'm just looking silent. Said, "Who is it? Who who's the picture?" I said, "It's the soldier boy. It's the soldier boy. We took this picture in in in Fort Nelson. 36 years later, I'm looking at the picture. I called I called Brother Bob Brown and we don't talk together in years and I I said, "Where did you get this picture? You sent this picture up." He said, "Well, you know," he said, "I looked at the scenery and I thought it might be Canada, so I just sent it up and thought you might know something about it." I said, 'I do. It's the Soldier Boy, and this is taken in Fort Nelson, British Columbia. And and he said, 'Well, I I just sent it to you. I didn't know. I thought it might mean something to you. I said, "Where did you get this picture?" He said, "I had a young man working in my church, a young unmarried man. He was working in construction work, and they were building in a mall, doing some floor work in a mall. And uh another contractor was there and he had some men working and he said the young man from my church started to witness to him and he says well I I had my picture taken with William Brham and he said would you like me to bring you a copy and that man brought him that copy and that was the man 36 years later and I begin to realize that these things are not accidents. They don't just happen. They don't just happen. They're strange things happen to all of us. But these things all have a connection &gt;&gt; from another land, from another world. &gt;&gt; Are you all right? &gt;&gt; I know you've been waiting for some of this. Uh, I got a phone call. Uh, and this was in 19 also 1961. I got a phone call and brother Brandham said, "Brother Eddie said, I believe we're going to have a good hunt this fall." I said, "Yes." Now, you I just want to answer some question. And I feel there might be some question of people's minds. Why would God do this all about hunting and all about up in the wilderness and all about the animals? You know why? There's some souls up there worth 10,000 worlds of peace. Amen. &gt;&gt; And when brother Bud Selfwick saw a God that understood his world, understood this wilderness, he didn't know the Bible, but he saw a Bible in action right in front of him. All about his own world. He became a believer. He was baptized. His wife became a believer. She was baptized. Some of these native Indians, they were baptized. and all of those people are worth more than all of the United States and all the world put together. &gt;&gt; And that's why it happened. Said, "I believe we're going to have a good hunt." He said, "I I had a vision." He said, "Or dream, whichever it was." He said, "If it's a dream, then I just ate too much pie before I went to bed." But he said, "If it was a vision, it'll come to pass exactly as it's spoken." And so he said, he said, "I saw this great animal." He said, "It's not a moose and it's not a deer and it's not an elk and I don't know what it is. I've never seen that an animal before." And the horns instead of going out on its head like an elk or like a moose, it goes back on its head like that. And I said, "Probably the only thing I know that like looks like that would be a caribou." He said, "Well, I don't know." He said, "I had never seen one." And then he says, "And then after that, uh, I I I got a a grizzly bear." Well, friends, I lived in the north. I hunted since I was 16 years old. I went out on special hunt excursions to try to get a grizzly bear. They are rare. And brother Brandham is saying he got this great mass of caribou. And right after that, he shot this grizzly bear. I thought, "Oh my goodness, that's a that's a that's more than a dream to me to see that a man get a you know, and from a hunting perspective, that's almost un unheard of." And so he said, "I was hunting with this uh uh two or three little fellows," he said. And and then anyway, he said, "I'll tell you the dream when I see you." So when we got up to Dawson Creek, I said, "Tell it to my dad, too." And my dad was there, my father. So, Brother Brandham was saying, he said, "There's two or three little fellows." And he said, "One had a checkered shirt." Well, I had had a checkered green checkered shirt, but I told my wife, "Take that shirt and throw it in the garbage and go and get me a new shirt, a red shirt. I wanted a red shirt cuz I that's the first time hunting really in the mountains and I thought I needed a red shirt. And brother Bud told me it's a good thing I didn't bring a red shirt. He'd run me out of the country because you don't wear red shirts up there. So I said, "Okay." Uh and and and I didn't know she packed my green checkered shirt. And he says and and he says there was one of the little fellas was he said what it was I got this big animal and he said and then uh uh it seemed that my my hunting buddy was down towards camp and he said it was a great panoramic area like this and he swept his hand like this. Actually, there was a mountain peak right here. But he just said he swept he swept his hand like this and camp was back this way and my my hunting buddy was down here someplace uh waiting on us. And he says, "And I got this great animal." And then on the way back, he said, "I we spotted this big silver tip grizzly." He said, "I was carrying my 270." And he called his 270 Old Blondie. And he said, "I was carrying 20 270." And then he said, "All the stories you told me, Brother Eddie, about grizzly bears, and and some of them are, which would maybe be a surprise to you. A grizzly bear can overtake a fast horse in the first 100 yards. That's the speed of them. And they'll run in front of the horse, turn around like that, and give it one swat like that, and break its neck. That's a grizzly bear. And you never shoot them up a mountain because a bear can come rolling like they do roll like that and when they're done rolling they're in full form and they kill a man. And brother Brandham told me they can you can shoot a grizzly bear in the heart and he can still kill a man if he's too close. And so you have to know something about grizzly bears. You don't you don't cross up with them. And brother Brandham had got this great big elk. I mean, sorry, big caribou. And I had just shot a little one. And then we spotted these two. I'm not going to give you all the details because uh uh we sat and waited until we saw Brother Brandham had got this one. And then brother Bud, just a natural natural course of events, he said, "You'll go and get your uh brother Eddie's uh meat and he'll take it down over here to a dry creek bed and uh and wait on us there and then we'll come down." On the way down, Brother Brandham, they spot this uh grizzly bear. And brother Brandham said, "Brother Eddie, I remembered all the story you told me, and I looked at my I looked at my gun, and it seemed so small, and I I fired a shot, one shot, and that bear come down that mountain." And he says, "And that one with that one shot went through the heart and killed him." And uh and I'm waiting down here and in the vision, one of the boys, one of the young fellas was supposed to be 18 years old. Brother Blaine, Brother Bud Southwick's son was way up into the Arctic on a survey crew and he and when we drove into the yard here, here Bud Blaine comes out. I said, I thought you're supposed to be up in a survey crew. He said, well, I just I just came back. I said, 'Okay.' And so Bud says he's going to come with us. Brother Brandham said in the vision that he got this grizzly bear and then when he he said then they came to this uh place and a and a man took out something to measure the horns and what it was was a little steel tape. And so brother Bud Bud took the I I I've hunted there all my life and hunted with Bud. I never seen anybody take a steel tape out to measure horns. We didn't care what size horns were, you know. We just were out for meat or whatever. But he's measuring these horns and and and and then the horn goes in a circle like this, a concave like this. And when it goes back, the bottom would flick out. So he start again. We're talking about a vision. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We're talking about ministering to this soul. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; He's never seen a vision fulfilled in front of his eyes. I've never seen one like this either. &gt;&gt; Are we there? &gt;&gt; And after about three times, he says to his son, "Blaine, hold that tape in there." &gt;&gt; So Blaine gets down to one leg and knee and and he holds this in there. And brother Brandham told me, he says, "I saw a young man's hands." He says, "No hair on his hands." He says, "Oh, I'd say he was about 18." And so I got Blaine off to the side before we left and he's working on a little harness. I said, "Blaine, how old are you?" He says, "18." "Why?" I said, "I just wanted to I just wanted to ask and I'm trying to put some pieces together." And then uh and so now here here brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother brother Brandham uh he he's just standing here like this and I'm standing where I I want to see cuz they're going to measure the horns and blaine and and bud and I we all put our heads together where he pulls the tape over the horn and that horn fell on the black line. The end of that horn fell on the black line and Bud says it's 42 in. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And brother Brandham and and I stepped back and standing there, Brother Brandham just touched me on my shoulder. He says, "There it is." And it was all over. I tell you what, friends, what kind of Where did that come from? Yeah. &gt;&gt; On the telephone a year about a month before, then to my father in Dawson Creek, then to Bud and his family up in their house, and now here we are. And it's unfolding exactly the same way. What happened was I was I left that morning and I was not in my checkered shirt &gt;&gt; and I as far as I was concerned, my wife had been a good wife and got me a nice red one. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, I was in some kind of shirt, I don't know. And we just had left camp and we had to cross a log over a fast creek and I fell in the lo I fell on the water. And I just said to the brothers, "Just wait here a second. I'll run. I'll run and get change my shirt." So, I ran back real quick and opened up my duffel bag. And here's that ugly checkered shirt. And I just thought, my wife didn't get me a new shirt. I got this one patched up again. That one had been in a vision. I had to have it on. &gt;&gt; So that's how I got in the checkered church. So you men that have wives that don't always do exactly what you say, they they may be in the plan of God somewhere along the line. And uh I just want to see that we have have that. Uh and then uh I had gotten a caribou myself and uh we went to get the meat and Bud said to Blaine, "You go and get, you know, Brother Eddie's meat." And so we went there, well, they went another direction. And when we went to get the meat, he had we had four horses. And one of them was a dappled grey horse. And that horse absolutely went wild at the smell of fresh blood. And that horse just gone, disappeared. Had a pack saddle on with the rope all in on top put together. And when we came back, Blaine had to tell his dad. Uh well, he said, "We lost that horse." And uh Bud says, "You know, you forgive me now. I'm going to I got I have to act and talk like that." But he kind of talked through his nose and says, "Well, you knew better and take that horse. That horse, you know, can't stand the smell of blood." And he was scolding his son. He said, "You now we've lost that horse." said, "Probably get tangled up someplace." And uh out in the willows, the wolves will get it or or starve to death. And he was sad and upset because that horse was worth several hundred dollars even back then. And mountain ponies, pack horses. And and he and he said, "Another one that'll be gone." And we're just walking out of the tent. We're back at the tent and we're just walking out there. The night doesn't come till, you know, you can read you can read your Bible in your camp at at probably 10 11:00 at night. And brother brother Bud was going out. Brother Brandham were right behind him and I was right behind him. And brother Brandham says, "I think it'll be all right, brother Bud, that you know that horse will come back." And I thought that's nice. You know, he's encouraging him. And actually what he said, and I didn't pick it all up, but he said to brother Bud, he said, "Before the sun sets over this mountain," he said that horse will come over this null, and I have to describe this to you friends. The horse will come over this null and stop and when he sees the when he sees the tent he will winny. And so we were just outside. Brother Brandham was actually cutting wood with Blaine and I'm over here and brother Bud is over here. We're just outside of the camp and the mountains are high on both sides. Can we show that other picture? Maybe you can get it for me. Thank you. Now you see the kind of area it is. Those are mountains. You don't see any towns. There's hundreds and hundreds of square miles there. And that's just a little part of Brother Michael Dexter got it for me. There's hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of miles like that. And we're in there by horse. You have to follow the rivers all the way in. And so the sun goes behind the cloud, but the sun goes behind the mountain peaks quite early. And now I'm going to describe this to you. Brother Brandham is cutting the wood. Blaine is on this side. And brother Brandham says, "Brother Bud, if that horse is going to come, it's going to have to come pretty soon." Because the sun was just going behind that hill. And you know, he no sooner said those words. That horse came over the null and and he looked at the he and looked at the camp. His ears perked up and he gave a winnie and we brought him to the camp. Now I I have to explain something to you. You live in Texas. You've been around horses. I expect when a horse is headed home, nothing stops it. Is headed home. And this horse are eight hours from home. And we had our tent here and a mountain here and a lake here. And we had lost the horse about four miles over there. And that horse came up. Brother Brandham said it'll come up over this null. This null was on the homeward side. If a horse got past our tent, which would sound like impossible because the lake is right out there. Got past our tent. How this horse got over there, I do not know. But if he did get over there, he's gone. &gt;&gt; He's not going to stop till he's lthered up and home in his own corral. And that horse was past our tent on the homeward side and came up over that null. You'd say, "Well, why are you why are you raising your voice?" God had to change the nature. &gt;&gt; All horses run home and change the nature of that animal. and uh and come over there. And furthermore, now here, take this one. There wasn't a rope had had many feet of rope on it. The rope it was just like you just saddled him, like you just put the rope on. Nothing was disturbed on him. And and God restored the horse. &gt;&gt; And we had another one. I'm going to tell you this very quickly at a different time. And uh and this horse was was very very uh very mean. and they struck out with his hooves and knocked brother Southwick down, hit him on the chest with both feet. And I I I was worried. And brother Brother Southwick, he did everything in his human uh ability to get that horse to obey him and could not get him to obey. And I said, "Brother Brandham, we ought to pray." I said, "That horse trying to kill brother Southwick." And they put him up in a V and tied his head way up high like that. And that horse still struck out. And and Brother Southwick was trying to uh trying to put a a pack saddle on him. When you put the canvas on, they just go crazy. This one would go crazy. And so, Brother Southwick whipped him, which they hardly ever do, and whipped him and tried to break his his his his nature. And nothing worked. and this and even the last minute had driven him down to the ground. And that's when I said, "Brother Brennan, we we ought to pray. He's that horse is going to kill brother Southwick." And here we are 2530 miles into the wilderness. And he says, "Yeah, he's he's a nasty horse, isn't he?" And then uh I watched him and I saw if you understand horses, I saw that the flanks of the horse and his his big muscles on his rum begin to jiggle like that. And they do that when they're nervous or not so nervous, but when the fear has come on them and and and the subjection and they just began to tremble like this. And I saw brother Sulfik get them all uh reaching underneath and getting the saddle and the cinch and doing it up and the other one at the back where they don't like it and putting this pack saddle on and then finally put the tarp over top and I just Brother Brandom and I just the words were coming brother Brand and brother Brandham had his back turned like this and was just sliding his hat Are you listening to me? That horse didn't no exaggeration. That horse became a kitten. That horse we packed every day. That horse worked. That horse never even gave a twinge of being a nasty horse. That was the nicest horse you could have. And we had him out there for 10 days. And we never had one ounce of trouble with them. I said, "Friends, who did that?" The creator, [Applause] you that are horsemen, I see Brother Vanoi shaking your head. That's the way they are, aren't they? Now I feel the atmosphere is right. So I'm riding with brother Brand. I'm in the core now. And I didn't get any meat and I needed to get moose to feed us. And he and he's driving the car. And while he's driving the car, he says, "Brother Eddie," he said, "what do you think of this ministry?" And I noticed right away, he didn't say, "My ministry." He said, "This ministry." He said, "Do you think it could be that of Elijah the prophet as it's foretold in the scripture and Revelation and so on." Then I also notice those of you that listen to tapes, and I trust you all do, you'll find when brother Brandham is got people in front of him and he start to tell a person and you you come, you come here, I see you're coming from the east and you travel west. Mhm. Mhm. And you're you're doing this and he's very very deep into vision at that time. And when he says, "I'm in two worlds right now." Mhm. Mhm. That's because and if you if you see the film Deep Calls the Deep, how many have seen the film Deep Calls Deep? God bless you. You look at it again now with what I'm going to say. Brother Brandham talks to the people talking about if he if the people couldn't take God's words as far as I'm concerned that would he preaches a little bit. Then he looks back and he this lady waiting in front of him and and he kind of shakes his head like this and he says, "Is this the patient?" Is because he's not too sure which world he's in. That's what's happening. And he's shaking his head to find out. Is he 40 years ago? Is he up in the future someplace? Or is it is he in real time? And is this the patient? Friends, that's never happened in any people to any country &gt;&gt; since Adam. Find me a place where that happened. You have received as we heard last night and you're hearing from these ministers. This message was not born in Jeffersonville. &gt;&gt; This message was not born in a Bible school. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This message came from eternity. &gt;&gt; What God wanted at this specific season. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; To this specific people. And I'm telling this testimony to you that you might understand we have a great a much greater responsibility. And it's not enough for us here in America to hear how good God has been to us. He has laid a huge responsibility on us. And we have that responsibility to the entire world. &gt;&gt; America has been the defender of freedom in the free world and a defender of democracy in the free world. But I'll tell you, it's a whole lot more than that. God has given this message to into the hands of America uh to get this message. And I believe I said something about it last time I was here. God has given it to us as a privilege and an honor for us to be able to convey it to other people. &gt;&gt; Amen. And I believe that with all my heart &gt;&gt; and I'm obsessed or possessed with that desire. you young men and you young ladies, this the greatest honor you can have? &gt;&gt; And he said, "Do you what do you believe of this ministry? Do you think it could be that of Elijah the prophet as it's foretold in the scripture and so on?" And his voice began to trail off and get what I call thick. And I felt it I I felt it was a not unfair question, but I felt I wasn't adequate to answer that question. And I looked down at the glove box like this. And he says, I said, "Well, brother Brandham, for all I know, it must be. It has every appearance of being." And he said, put his head back a little bit. He said, "Often kind of wondered. I kind of think so myself. And at that instant, at that instant, I can't It wasn't visible with the human eye, but it was it was more than visible with the human eye. It was just like and a a being was right between us. Not right between us here, but just forward. And and I was gripped with if I breathe, if I breathe, I'm passing out of this world someplace. And I didn't know what to do. And I I looked sideways to brother Brandham. That's the only thing I knew to just to look and see what he was doing. I looked sideways to him and and his face had turned ashen. And we had several days of whiskers on. and his whiskers had prickled right out. And I understand that when a man is in a state of shock that his whiskers could prickle out and I had had one experience of that which I won't relate but a deacon friend of mine had been right to the point of death and they saved him from it but I went in to see him just immediately after and his whiskers had prickled and I thought he looks exactly like this deacon friend of mine and he looks like he's near death. And brother Brandham does this. He just puts his head back and rolls over. And then he cast his eyes sideways at me. Said, "Brother Eddie, I guess he's come to me 10,000 times." 10,000. And it's just like every time like I could die. And just then, we're just going around a slow curve. He's just driving slowly. And there's a big moose standing right in the middle of the road. And I said, "Brother Bham, there's a moose." And he's standing right broadside, probably three three 400 yards. And he just says in that slow voice, "It's all It's all right, Brother Eddie. Just get your shells and get your gun. It's all right. You You'll have him or he's yours or you know." And and he keeps driving. He doesn't slow down. I said, "Bro, Brother Brandham, now we're only about 200 yards." I said, "Brother Brandham, stop and I'll just get out and I can get him." He said, "It's all right, Brother Eddie. Just have your shells and your gun." He just kept repeating the same thing. I got my shells. I got my gun. I'm ready to step out. He drives up to 90 ft. 90 ft from that animal. And I got out and the first time in my life, all my life, I pulled up my weapon and all I saw was hair. And I had to put the scope up to see where the where the backbone was and bring it down and and I pulled the trigger. And that's the only time in my life also of all the years I saw the I saw the hair just go like that. And then I was scared less he would fall right there because we're on a slight rise. Oh, I wish I could take you there. I hope this isn't too long. and and and I was afraid then instantly I'm going through such a mixture of feelings and then I was afraid he was going to come down someone come over the rise and hit him if he fell on the road and he just walks slowly off the road then it's wide clearing probably almost as wide as this building and he starts walking across that and I thought I hope he doesn't fall there because we haven't got room to take him right now and somebody will come and steal this mate and he walks across and he goes into the trees and just it goes into the trees. Blaine Southwick was with us in the back seat and he and I both fired a shot as he just walked in to the little wee pine trees about that high. He walked into the pine trees, stepped over two big windfalls, stepped over two big windfalls and fell right behind them and it was totally hidden. I thought, "This is absolutely." So we got in there and and and we we dressed the animal and brother South I mean brother Brandham sat on a log and watched us and we dressed out the animal and we went back in and now we're just doing friends what people do. You know this is our life. This is where we live. And I I got into the car and I sat down and I wish I could describe this to you and I wish you could experience it. It was like like a feeling of emerald green. It was like it was so divine. It was so peaceful. It was so wonderful. And I just sat back and I thought, I'd like to just live here forever. And brother Brandham says, "Brother Eddie, every time he comes, something good happens." Amen. &gt;&gt; And I pray this morning, brother P, &gt;&gt; that that one &gt;&gt; that came there between us, &gt;&gt; that one who made this story to happen that he may be your portion tonight &gt;&gt; as you come into this building. As you are coming in need to be prayed with or to hear the word of God. this one who the scripture talks about. And I'd like to can I have a just a few minutes before we go for lunch? Just a few minutes, friends. I got to I've got to say two or three things to you. Do you think that this supernatural ministry unparalleled, unequaled in human history, &gt;&gt; Yeah. Do you think that it could happen and not be challenged? &gt;&gt; This is my own. Listen close now. You can read it in the books. You can hear it on the tapes and I'll remind you of it. Brother Brandham says that demon is screaming out &gt;&gt; yes &gt;&gt; to this other one. It's seeking help because it it's afraid of being cast out. &gt;&gt; Use your minds. Now, this is not this is not poetic conversation. I'm asking you to use your minds. Pinch your conscience. Do you have any idea how many demon spirits are loosed from bodies through this one man's ministry and through the bride who has received this ministry since? Do you have any idea how many demon spirits and your prophet said that the spirit does not die? &gt;&gt; The person dies. And he says, furthermore, Satan takes his man, but the spirit lives on. He said, God takes his man, but the spirit lives on. Is that what he said? &gt;&gt; Do you have any idea how many spirits there are? and brother brother Danny Steman last night speaking of those that were around around Calvary around at the at the cross at the time of the crucifixion. I just want to perhaps go on from there just a moment just to shake your uh uh conscience a wee bit about this event that we just call Easter. It's much more than Easter. They didn't know there was an Easter. They didn't have an Easter when Jesus went to Calvary. that that that was an event that happened and the bigger event was that he was he was dying for redemption but he it was the changing of the office. Listen now it was the changing of the office. It was concluding the son of man ministry on earth at that time. He comes in three sons names. He comes as the son of man as prophet on earth. This is the unveiling of God. He comes as a son of God on the day of Pentecost. He came as a son of God. He came as a son of God and lived throughout the church ages as the son of God. Then at the end of the Leodysian church age, listen. Now he changes office once again in between the son of God and the son of David. He comes as a son of man. Again, the stories and the accounts that I've been telling you is he of the son of man. And when Jesus came now, it wasn't wasn't just a Calvary he was coming to. He was coming to a season. It was a particular season. And now the prophet said that the that the uh uh manifestation of the promise of the word of God is light. It is light. Brother Brandham says that the sun that hangs in the sky is the result. It is the spoken word of God manifested. Is that what he said? Yes. &gt;&gt; Is that what he said? &gt;&gt; Now when the promise is is fulfilled, is that the sun that is the sun? It is the rising of the sun. It is the intensity. I will say that Calvary, let's not think of it as Easter now for a moment. Let's think of it. I want you to think of it as the intensity of the sun shining upon the word. The word. And here it is. That the word might be fulfilled. That the word might be fulfilled. that the promise that it might be fulfilled which was written of by the prophet and was that it might be fulfilled and brother Brandham says how many scriptures how many promises were fulfilled right in the last few hours what was it it was the intensity the intensity of the sun and he said furthermore I'm just giving it to you verbatim right now he said intensity of the sun he said the darkness the darkness is separating itself from the light and he says the light is pressing it down. He says in about 1958 and then he says in uh in shalom, I believe it is in shalom or the rising of the sun. In shalom, he said the the the the darkness is separating itself from the light. And he says God's doing it. The lights are doing it. And he says the darkness is congregating because the light is pressing it, pressing upon it. Listen friends, you have these ministers of God preaching these promises of God. Let me tell let me tell you from my own heart. I I all of this stuff if if the if the scribes and Pharisees that had internet, if they'd had Facebook, they'd have used it back then. And all I have today is the same spirits &gt;&gt; hiding behind digital faces, &gt;&gt; digital bodies &gt;&gt; hiding because they've got they're they're the one they're operating under which is Satan. He has he has more schemes and more ways of hiding himself and and veiling himself at the same time that God is unveiling himself. And it was the intensity of the light. And furthermore, this is the harvest sun. I'm speaking fast now because we have to end. This is the harvest sun and the intensity the harvest sun. And the scripture says Jesus telling of the tears and the wheat, he said they both grow together. And when the disciples begin to say it, should we go out and tear it up? No, don't tear it up. Leave it until the end. Leave it until the harvest time. And in the harvest time, I'll send my messengers. The angels will come and divide the two and we'll gather the we'll gather the tears. Listen friends. And he said the that time is the harvest time. And the prophet of God came at this time so that the fulfillment and he says further in the unveiling of God, he said he comes again as the son of man to fulfill the rest of it. To fulfill the rest of it. Listen friends, the world cannot take this intensity of the world is not made to handle it. He even spoke, he said the message is too rich. It would make denominational people sick. It's too rich. And you you've been made with the constitution to be able to take it. &gt;&gt; Not just because you're a special people as an individual. You're special because God called you. You're special because God brought you into redemption. &gt;&gt; That's exactly why. And you want to be able to throw your shoulders back. Hallelujah. I wish I was the age of some of you young men. I tell you what, I'd cross this country. This makes me so happy to know that this is happening. And Jesus said when they were finally when the disciples saw what was happening, they couldn't understand it. And they said, "Well, uh, do do you want us to go and gather the tears?" No. He said, "Don't gather the tears. Let them both grow up together. In the end, he'll send his own messengers and gather them up. And now he comes in a in a light of fulfillment of the scripture. Fulfills the word. And every time you say the seals have been opened, I'll say the sun is shining. &gt;&gt; You say the word's been revealed and you've recealed the word, then then the light is shining. &gt;&gt; The light is shining stronger. Oh my goodness. I've had people that are sitting in our church right now and they said they said that they when they heard what we believed they thought that was too much for them. It was at the time. But we we we come for a certain person, a certain purpose. And Jesus said these words. He said these words coming to Gethsemane. Now you have a spiritual deep spiritual thinking. Peter and the apostles and Peter took out a sword. He's going to deliver him. And he strikes Malcus ear off. He wasn't aiming at his ear. He was aiming to split him straight down the middle. He had murder in his heart. He was going to kill him. You were going to do this to my Lord. Jesus said, "Pull up your put up your sword, Peter. They that live by the sword will die by the sword." Right? &gt;&gt; He said, and he says, "These things must be he was giving himself to it." And the disciples couldn't believe it. &gt;&gt; Couple of things I want to say very, very clearly. And then Jesus said these words. He said, "Why have you come out against me with swords and staves?" And it wasn't just it wasn't just Judas and a few people. The Bible says there was a multitude there. He never went out to try to talk to them again. He never tried to say, "Well, you didn't quite understand me. It's this way." &gt;&gt; He let him go. Believe what you're going to believe. &gt;&gt; Jesus even said, "Drink up the cup of your fathers. &gt;&gt; Fill it up. Do what you have to do." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You people maybe don't understand. Do you understand now where I'm at? &gt;&gt; Do you understand this? &gt;&gt; Jesus said that. And Jesus said, "Furthermore, this is what Jesus said." And you say, "Well, he was just going to the cross." No, I say further. Wasn't just going to the cross. He was on his way to change office. This was the closing of the son of man ministry when he was on earth on that part. And he was changing. This was part of a change. The disciples didn't understand this change. And so Jesus said, "You've come out against me as a as a thief. you come out against me with staves and swords and so on. He said, "Daily I spoke with you. Daily I spoke with you in the temple." But he says, "This is your hour &gt;&gt; and the power of darkness." &gt;&gt; And the disciples didn't say, "Amen, Lord, we believe that." &gt;&gt; They didn't know what's going to happen. This is your hour &gt;&gt; and the power of darkness. And I'm saying when the a son of man revealed the same son of man &gt;&gt; in this time and in this hour it might even get much more difficult. But I can tell you one thing nothing and it doesn't I'm I'm not I I don't perhaps have uh I may may not be demonstrative about it but I can tell you I have walked I have never had a question about this message. I've had lots of questions about the message. I've never had the I've never had a question about the origin of this message. Never had a question. Who Who I asked myself honestly, who can do this? &gt;&gt; Who can do this? Which man did this? What school did this? Where did a man learn this? &gt;&gt; Come from God. &gt;&gt; Came from the creator who said, "Let there be light." The same creator said, "This is the time. Time shall be no more. I'm going to unveil this word. It's the unveiling of God." And he describes it completely. And here we are. Here we are. Louisiana, Texas, whoever we are. Here we are to have received this word. What a glorious thing to think that you young men and young young ladies have an opportunity to take this up. &gt;&gt; Maybe some of you haven't heard it. Maybe some of you haven't even read the rising of the sun or shalom. You need to get it. Get it right away and read it and absorb it and see what the prophet of God has said about this time. And it and and this is their hour. Their hour do whatever they say. Just do what you need to do. Get it over with. It could get a lot worse. But for us, it could only get better because &gt;&gt; it took the son to bring &gt;&gt; Caiaphas, &gt;&gt; Judas, &gt;&gt; the thieves even that cast lot. You know, they cast lot for the robe of Jesus. &gt;&gt; And the scripture says that it might be fulfilled. When they cast lot, the scripture came alive &gt;&gt; that it might be fulfilled which was spoken. Soldiers were involved. thieves were involved. One is cursing and one is lamenting. Save yourself and save us. And the other one, the Bible says the thieves plural railed on him. But at some point in time, a thief had a revelation that perhaps we haven't got or perhaps the disciples didn't have and they didn't have it. The disciples didn't have a revelation of the kingdom. And the one thief said to Jesus, "Here he is. Do you understand what the crucifixion is? It's dying by asphyxiation. That's why they put a block under the feet and the knees are bent. The knees are bent and they're hanging and the muscles and the ligaments all pull and the diaphragm comes up and they can't breathe and from the pain and agony. Then they stiffen up like this. Straighten up so they can breathe a bit. Then they sag back down. Then they straighten up and after three days come and break the legs. So they can't straighten up anymore. And they died the death. And when they came there was not a bone of his to be broken. And they found that he his he had already given up the ghost. He had already and and and the suffering. But in between that time that thief saw something &gt;&gt; and he looked over. Lord, when you come into your kingdom, remember me. &gt;&gt; It's not a very long prayer. He didn't see a first pull. He didn't see a second pull. He didn't see the opening of the seals. He didn't see have a whole lot of revelation. But he had one revelation that this one hanging behind him was God himself. Lord, when you come into your kingdom, remember me. And Jesus answered him, "Today you'll be with me in paradise." He didn't tell him, "I'm going to empty out paradise in a few hours." &gt;&gt; He didn't tell him. He didn't try to excite him and try to get him on. Oh, we're going in the rapture. That's not why we're getting saved. We're going to escape hell. That's not why we're getting saved. We get saved cuz we see him. The Holy One of Israel. &gt;&gt; The Holy One that did these things and I'm seeking to give testimony to. I tell you friends, these things are true. These things are honest. These things are pure. And these things are of good report. And I leave you with them. And may God bless you. May God bless you in this hour that we're in. And and the men that have been sent here, the men that have been sent here to to to speak to us, to speak to you. This is such a timely timely season that we're in. There's never been a day like this day. There's never been a word like this word. Never been a message like this message. God bless you by prayer. Amen. [Applause]
