################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-04 - Ed Byskal My Personal Testimony on William Branham; a man sent from God to fulfill Malchi 45-6 - Ed Byskal.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-04
Title:    Ed Byskal   My Personal Testimony on William Branham; a man sent from God to fulfill Malchi 4:5-6
Speaker: Ed Byskal
Church:   Cloverdale Bibleway
Type:    Testimonies
Duration: 2h 4m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZR0H0NXXek8
========================================

Description:
Video-converted message by Br Ed Byskal, following God's Message of Malachi 4:5-6 that was sent to the world through Br William Marrion Branham, from 1909 to 1965. It's Jesus Christ revealing Himself just before the end time. See Luke 17:30 and Rev 10:7
Watch more here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtXQzHDoVSMrGV4Fn5lPVaNud4ah9bpka

AMOS 3:7
  7    Surely the Lord GOD will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

REVELATION 10:7
  7    But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he hath declared to his servants the prophets.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Only believe. Only believe. [Music] All things are possible. Only believe. Lift it up now. Only [Music] &gt;&gt; hear us now Lord Jesus. Only believe [Music] all things are possible. Only believe. Remember, even in this service, all things are possible to them that believe. God bless you as you have your seats. There is some difficulty in giving a testimony because it spans so many years. You'll need your full attention and your full focus to be able to follow me. In the years of 1946,447, 1948, they were years where there was a great restoration taking place and a revival was sweeping not only North America but many parts of the world. Brother Brham refers to it as the restoration of the gifts and it it did indeed take place. It was something that I along with many others that are here were uh uh privileged to see it and uh see its rise and also see its demise. This was this was the spiritual atmosphere in which God had allowed to be created one in which he would send his prophet messenger to. Uh brother Brandham said I I am new in the Pentecostal church. I come from the Baptist church. And then the Baptist people couldn't see that there was a divine gift. The Pentecostal people believed it. So there's where God sent me. You see, God had created an atmosphere that was prepared to accept that gift. And that's where God sent me. There's where I feel at home. I'm one of you because I have received the Holy Ghost. And then God made that thing manifest to me and I started off. So this was the atmosphere that was prevailing at the time that God sent Elijah into the world to commence his worldwide ministry. Of course, he had been ministering long before that. And so when we saw Brother Brandham's ministry rise on the scene, it was uh it was a a remarkable ministry, but there were many ministries that began to rise all at once. There was none of my immediate friends or associations that that recognized that this was a uh a messenger ministry or Malachi 4. None of none of that was known to us. But we were fully primed to accept apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, all the gifts. It was such an atmosphere that prevailed that when brother Brandham came and begin to demonstrate the office of a prophet, we just said right away. There wasn't even a moment's hesitation. We said, "He's a prophet of God." And that's what he was known. And you you hear FF Bosworth uh you hear him say uh God has raised up a prophet unto us uh in Jeffersonville, Indiana. So that was not a difficult thing for us to say or to accept. Now he said in the angel of God, I know the next thing to happen is the restoration of the gifts to the church. This is 1948. And it's the hardest thing I've had to do in this pioneering work is to do this as to see the people. He said that God cannot give back the gifts to the church as long as his church is divided. And we've got to get the church together first before the gifts can come. But if all the full gospel people would come with one heart and one accord. So you see that was the direction that he was leaning at that time. And then for those of you that uh are familiar with the message, you've no doubt run across the term that brother Brandham uses the latter rain brethren. Now there are many here who would not know at all what the latter rain brethren are. The latter reign, brethren, was in the midst of this movement because because I'll explain it to you this way. When God thrust the spirit of Elijah onto the into the earth, it fell onto the whole world. And so there was a spirit all over the world. And there were croppings here and there and and there was movements of God here and there which I'm going to give a little testimony to before I come directly into the contact with brother Brham. And in the message I will restore. Brother Brandham said now there's a difference between prophecy a gift of prophecy and a prophet. Now he was saying that for a specific reason back at this time in 1953. He said, "Did you know that?" He said, "There's where you brethren in the latter rain went off at." And now it's not identified latter rain as a as a movement, but it was a movement. It was a body of people. He said, "Somebody make a prophet say you call them a prophet." That's wrong. Now, he's trying to correct those brethren in the waters of separation. He said, "Of course, I believe the gifts and calling of God are without repentance. You can't make yourself something that you're not uh different a little bit with you some of your latter rain brethren on that on laying on of hands and giving gifts. They would call people up. I sat in the meetings. I I've been prayed for myself. They would call people up especially I was in my teens at that time but uh especially young couples, elder ones, call them up, pray for them and give them the gift of prophecy. Give them the gift of healing. give them this gift, that gift, tell them you have this ministry, you are an apostle and you'll go to Africa, you are this and you're going to go to the Eskimos and so on and and but the presence of God in the meetings was absolutely gripping. It was absolutely gripping as young young fellows 12, 13, 14 years old go into a service at 10:00 in the morning just sneak out quickly in the afternoon for a sandwich fearful that you're going to miss something and still be in the church at midnight that night &gt;&gt; and there were supernatural things happening. Some of the things that I hear of people trying to produce in the message today is is excuse me now and I don't mean to be sacriiggious but it's a cheap rerun. &gt;&gt; This was genuine. &gt;&gt; I stood in a church in Edmonton, Alberta and just told it in Edmonton the other day where around 700 people were present. I'm sitting well back and because I'm you know just a young fellow but I had a real heart for God and uh it was nothing to have the people standing and just swaying like like like reeds in the water with the movement of the tides and stand and sing in the spirit and just wave and then eb and flow for an hour, hour and a half just uh spell binding &gt;&gt; and and and was in one of those meetings when half that audience cried out in one voice at one instant, "Open up ye gates and let the king of glory come in." And the other side answered, "Who is the king of glory?" And this side answered, "The Lord of hosts, he is the king of glory." I just put goosebumps on top of my goosebumps. I tell you what, it was so real. You You couldn't manufacture that if you tried. &gt;&gt; That was the atmosphere. I want I'm I'm wanting to to get you to see the atmosphere that God had prepared to send the prophet's ministry into. I went to I went to a little meeting, a little revival was breaking out in another town about 350 miles from where we were. I had to work in the store I was working in. I was, I think, 17 at the time. and uh uh we uh members of our group and from our town were going to journey across from northern British Columbia to northern Alberta. So I determined I was going to go also. I had a motorcycle and so I got on that motorcycle at closing time on on Friday evening and I started out about a 350 mi journey. I traveled till about 2:00 in the morning. that far northern air was so penetrating I was actually suffering from exposure I didn't know it and I was about 2:00 in the morning I was looking at at uh to see if there'd be a light here or a light there some farm and I felt so self-conscious didn't want to go rolling up with my motorcycle to somebody get him out of bed and it just bothered me so bad I didn't like to do that and finally here was a here was a log house right close to the road about like I said about two two o'clock in the And so I run my bike. I couldn't stand to ride it any longer. I was just so freezing. And it was going to snow that night, which it did. It snowed about 4 in. I pulled a lean of my motorcycle up against the up against the building and came and knocked on the door and just heard, "Come on in." So I opened the door and there's a fellow sitting at the back there, a bachelor, which there's lots of them up in the north, and had his feet up and he's reading a book. He doesn't ask me who I am or why I'm coming in this time of the morning. This is the north. It's entirely different. Says, you know, I'm reading this book. He said, 'D did you ever hear of this fellow? And that's how he starts talking to me. I'm reading this book. He said about this fellow. Did you ever hear of him? I said, no, I never heard of him. I mean, I'm total stranger and I never heard of him. I said, uh, he says it's quite interesting. He said, uh, uh, I I didn't hear you come up. I said, well, I rode up on a motorcycle. Did you? He said, I didn't hear you. I said, "Well, matter of fact, I'm I'm about freezing to death out there. I just wanted to know if I could maybe bunk here for the night." And he said, "Yeah, sure. I got an extra room here." So, he put me up and got up in the morning and cooked me bacon and eggs and sent me on my way and goodbye. And I just said, "God bless him. I don't know. We've never met again on on this side at least." And then as we journeyed, uh, I had to go through about 4 in of snow for many, many miles with that motorcycle. And then it started to melt and got wet and it was quite a journey. But we arrived up at this I arrived up at this little church. It was a Baptist church. And the minister's name was Ericson. And uh the spirit of God was falling in such a way. It was so new. It was so fresh. And uh so I I sat this was a a Saturday evening and I was right in front. Uh I can't re recall just all that happened in the service. than when the service was finished. Uh they didn't have room for some of us. So some of us uh young men slept in the back of the church in a room back there just had our sleeping bags on the floor and I just got in on my sleeping bag and the spirit of God came upon me and I in such a grieving I was so had such a grief such a burden and I I couldn't understand it. So I and I broke and I be to weep and I sobbed and I sobbed till I guess my eyes were about swollen shut. I couldn't understand. I didn't know what I was praying about. I just groaned and groaned and groaned. Don't know how long it was. Seemed maybe an hour, hour and a half, maybe two hours, I don't know. Finally just fell off to sleep and a piece came. Pastor came the next morning morning meeting. He said, uh, I don't know who it was, but he said, someone prayed last night. He said, somehow we grieved the Holy Spirit yesterday afternoon. And he said, I knew that we grieved him, but he said, uh, uh, someone must have been in prayer last night. and it just such a sensitivity to the moving of the spirit and what was pleasing to the spirit. After that service, I and my wife, we were not uh we were not going together as a young man, young woman at the time, but I I was looking very very seriously at my future. And I felt the call of God on my life. And I might have been 18 at that time, I just can't recall. and uh she was with her girlfriend and she was sitting at the very very back of the church. The the church was absolutely packed, not a big building, but it was just packed. Uh probably even people standing and I was sitting right in the front. And uh when the service was over, uh we stood up and we begin to greet one another, turned around to shake hands with a a farm couple right behind me. I had met the couple on one occasion. and I don't remember their name. They were real godly uh just farm people and rugged people. And I turned shook hands with him and shook hands with her and she just looked at me and she said, "You have something very heavy on your heart." And I said, "That is true." She said, "It concerns a young woman." And I said, "That is also correct." and she turned around, pointed to the back of the church, pointed right directly at my wife. She says, "That's the little dark girl at the back against the wall." I said, "That is correct." She said, "Have no fear. God has given her to you." And that was all that was said. And see those kind of things, those kind of things where they were happening on a continual basis. And so I wanted to say that so that you could understand kind of the atmosphere uh what was taking place. It was in such a way that the young people were actually afraid. Then I became a young pastor in my church. And I had an elder, a man that I highly highly respected, one who probably taught me more about the woods and about hunting. And he was he was he was as he was at as as at home out in the woods as any of the animals. It was just incredible. You know, Brother Haney was his name. And he told me one time that he he was going along. He realized he wasn't going to make it home. And he saw in this little bank, cut bank from a a creek bed. And uh it was frozen now. on and uh he could see all the fresh diggings of a big sa mother bear had dug all this and took a bunch of he looked up in that den and he saw grass up in there and he thought uh well this looks quite comfortable. So he crawled up in the den that this sa bear was making for herself and slept there that night. And I said, "How could you sleep?" You know, I mean, you talk about cool people. He said, "Oh, I didn't think she'd come in there while I was there." That was his only remark. It was Brother Haney's farm that I took Brother Brandham to then in 1961 to try out his rifle. And I had not been around a man like brother Brandham. I didn't expect he would ever respond and and come to us. But it was to brother Haney's farm. But let me just finish with brother Haney. The kind of people there were. I want you to see the kind of people there were at that time because that's that's who God sent brother Brandham to. &gt;&gt; Brother Haney had a son. His son became weward and he had a his son got married, had a child. Then they broke up. His wife had another child. They were still living loosely together, but it turned out the child wasn't his. But he was charged for support of this other child. And he was taken to court. And because he didn't support the child, they put him in jail. And the jail was about 500 miles away. And brother Haney, he just told me uh said to put my son in jail. Brother Haney's task. He was a farmer, but in the winter time he dug graves. And so he was telling me this at this time in the wintertime. So they sent my son. His son happened to be one of my closest friends only. We mo both made a decision when we were at the age of many of you young men that are here. And my decision was we both came to the altar one night, both gave our lives to Christ. And uh I decided I would never pick it up or go the way of the world again. His only lasted a few days and he just he just uh went towards the world was in the dances and carried on and this was the result. Now I was in the church and working in the church and actually pastoring and here he was in prison one of my best friends. But his daddy said to me, he said, and I knew the judge personally real well also. And uh, Brother Haney said to me, he said, "I've prayed a prayer." He said, "And I prayed, Father, if this judge's decision to send my p my son to prison, if his judgment is true, let it stand. And if it is not true, I now ask you to remove him from his place. Brother Haney dug the judge's grave two weeks from that prayer and poured the dirt on top of his coffin. &gt;&gt; These are men who knew how to walk with God. &gt;&gt; And these are the kind of men and people and places that God sent brother Brandham to. And it was at this time and amongst these people that I wrote brother Brandham because something had happened in my youth while all these meetings now many had come forward. Tommy Osbbor, Tommy Hicks, Vilmer Gardner, uh Jack Moore, uh Oel Jaggers, Oral Roberts, and all of them. And they had magazines, had programs, had their agendas. And I was getting many of their magazines. Then the Christian businessmen 1957 I believe they had their beginning and then they began to flourish. Brother Brandham became one of their main speakers to arrange meetings and to open chapters in new cities. And so brother Brandham was appreciated. He was also used. &gt;&gt; Amen. But I my father uh was moving from northern British Columbia to southern British Columbia. And uh on the journey, of course, my father would be in he he was converted Catholic, converted from Catholicism and lived a very fervent, holy, godly life. Uh and I was brought up in a home that believed in prayer. And uh even though my mother passed away when I was 6 and 1/2 years old, I had a a good stepmother, but my father was a man of the word of God. And so he wanted to be in any meeting he could be in. And even while we were in the midst of moving uh about a thousand miles, he we came upon a city called Vernon, British Columbia in the Okonogan Valley. And there were some meetings taking place. So we stopped to take in the meetings. They happened to be brother Brandham's meetings. Uh I was simply a uh uh you know a bunch of young fellows. I was 14 at that time and we were interested in you know kind of enjoying one another's company with a bunch of other young fellows. One of them was Billy Paul. I met Billy Paul there. I just understood this is brother Brandham's son and we were about the same age. I'm a little bit older than him just not very much. And so, oh, there was half a dozen of us or so from the States and Canada and and uh kind of enjoying one another's company. But when we came into the meeting and we're sitting up in the bleachers, you know, and maybe not all that respectful and all, but when we came into the meeting and then Ern Baxter, who was brother Brandham's first manager, I believe, he came forward, he explained the ministry. He said that an angel from God had come and delivered this ministry to William Brandham. That well, that caught my attention. And I thought, my, I've heard about angels. And Sunday school teachers told me about angels, but I'm I'm going to see a man in a few minutes that actually talked to an angel. And then Brother Brandham came walking out from be from behind the curtain and just a slight small man and about about my height and and slimmer. and he just walked out and he was just so uh such an uh a radiance of humility that came from him and he just greet the people. How do you do friends? And then he began to speak to the people about the ministry and explained a little bit. He didn't really preach. He just talked about it and then uh sought to build faith and then called the prayer line. Well, I believe it was about the third night and I I thought this ministry is really different. This is different from anything I've seen. So, I'd like to get close to the front. They had a main island in that auditorium. There was about 6,000 people gathering in the weekdays and around 8,000 on the weekend. On this day, I got a seat about three rows from the front right on the aisle right in the middle. So I'd be about as close as the this brother right here to the front. And brother Brandham came out and the line was called I can't remember what was preached but this I'll never remember and never forget rather so I share it with you. And uh I believe it was a woman came up with a daughter. The girl was about 10 years old. She had a full round kind of uh face and ringlets coming down to her shoulders. and and she was blind. She was blind in that the fronts of her eyes were only white. Just white. All you could see was the white of her eyes. As I looked at her, I was that close. I could see that up here, right just here at the top, there's a little bit of the ball of the eye appeared. Just a little thin sliver. And it seemed that her eyes were twisted right up into her head. And it was it was such a sorry sight. And brother Brandham looked at her. He was he was standing like this and he looked at her. He didn't need to discern anything. So he just laid his hands on her head and he he prayed for her and then he looked at her and she was the same. So he prayed for her again and and he looked at her and he prayed for her again and looked at her and now I was counting three times, four times, five times. And about this time I thought, "No, this is like all the other ministers, you know, when it's something inside your your kidneys are healed and your stomach is healed and something else. Now here's something that's visible. I'm sitting up here. this is my chance to see it and I nothing's happening. He prayed five times. He prayed six times. Then he did something that I'll never forget. All the days of my life when he looked after that time nothing had happened. He put his arms around her head like that and just pressed her her head to his bosom like this. And he prayed this prayer. He said, "Satan, an angel from God, has ministered this gift to me and has said that if I can get the people to believe, nothing would stand before my prayers, not even cancer, the people are here and they are a believing, I adure you in the name of the living God to loose her and let her go." And he took her by the shoulders and turned her around like this and her eyes were as straight as mine. And then she she began to look up at the bright lights because she hadn't seen she began to look at the lights and I saw her eyes filling with water cuz she wasn't used to the lights. And he picked her up like this and just uh showed her to the audience, the congregation. And of course, the place is just going, you can imagine what what it's doing, just going wild. And then uh uh I would you know hear of brother Brandham as the time went by. Later on in my early 20s I became a pastor. Uh then uh uh my brother-in-law's brother became a missionary to Cuba and he was uh he was there at the time Castro was a rebel leader fighting in the mountains and another group another family from my church was missionary in Cuba as well. And so they would come back and forth uh to come home to take care of some things and then uh journey back to Cuba. So on the one visit my brother-in-law's brother came through. It was about 1957 or 58 and brother Brandham in 57 had been in Tacoma. We had been in those meetings. I saw him call out an Indian boy that was 12 years old that was also blind. Told uh how long he'd been blind since he'd just been a few months old. Gave the names. Went right down the row and gave the names of his family members. His grandmother was sitting there. His parents were sitting there. And I saw the boy the next night uh walking to the water fountain. So these things were uh we were trying to stay a breast of what God was doing and a great move. And I'd get Tommy Osbbor's uh campaign meetings and native evangelism. He began with that concept and I even supported one of his missionaries, one of his native ministers. And then uh my brother-in-law's brother came back home to spend some time and I was in the midst of building uh a little house. He was helping me and I remember we were carrying a timber across the floor and he said to me, he said he was a man of very few words, a man of incredible integrity and who would not speak lightly of the things that God was doing at that time. He he he said have you heard what brother Brandham is teaching uh now? And I said no. I said I really haven't heard much from the outside. We call it the outside because we felt so buried and so uh isolated in the north country. Uh in fact is he did not know what was going on in my heart. But I had begun to become disillusioned with even in 57 and 58 with what I saw in Pentecost with what I saw with other ministers that were I was acquainted with. And I begin to see a a a fragmentation of the great ministries. I was seeing them one go to education, one go to money, one go to big things. And it seemed to me that this great move of God which had started about 10 years before was changing in its character and was very troubling to me. And so when he said to me, "Have you heard what brother Brandham's teaching?" It was just like a great lead ball weight went down inside of me. And I said, "No, I haven't had much contact." He said something about uh Cain being the son of the serpent. And I said, "What? Where would he get that?" He said, "I don't know." And that was the end of our conversation. And it was just dropped. And I thought, "Oh, God." You know, uh I always had thought that Brother Brandham was something special because of the angel visitation and because of what I had heard. And so I had that in my heart. As time went on, the next 2 or 3 years uh I had a man in my home who has who has set up quite a few meetings for brother Brandham. His name was AW Rasmmanson and uh he was over an independent fellowship of Pentecostal churches and Matson Boz who you hear about a great deal about on the message tapes. Matson Bose AW Raspersonson they were very very dear friends and that was another part of this loose arrangement of Pentecostal a non-denominational brethren that were receiving brother Brandham he was in my home only once it so happened at that very evening that we see the predestination of God brother Bud Southwick who later became brother Brandham's guide he actually brother Bud and I were just old friends. And brother Bud's wife had been a Christian, trying to live a Christian life, had five sons in quick succession, one after the other. And she and Bud came down to our little church in Dawson Creek. We were worshiping in a basement then, trying to build a new church. And I preached and called for those that may want to be saved. And brother Bud, he just walked forward, knelt on the concrete, his five little sons right beside him, and he gave his life to Christ. Well, from that time, each time he came into town to sell cattle or to sell some grain, he would stay at our place. That was his home. And it got too cold one time and he had a car that didn't hardly Volkswagen almost froze to death in it about 35 below. And I said, "No, you must take my station wagon. you leave your car here. So he took the station wagon with he and his wife and then and then on another trip he arrives back and and AW Rasperson's my home and we're having a Wednesday night service and so Bud was very very sick with with puricy or uh something in his throat. He was terribly sick and infected. And so after the service, we prayed for him in my house. And then he sat and had some tea and he began to tell us how he couldn't understand how the government of British Columbia is determined to give him a great hunting territory that belonged to a family of Indians called McDonald's. They had taken a white man's name. And uh this family uh they said they big family around 17 children and the sons were not harvesting the game properly. The government was interested that the game would be harvested correctly. So they wanted to give it to a licensed guide. It so happened the man whose uh whose jurisdiction this was knew of brother Bud and Bud was a rancher had a couple hundred head of horses and was 350 miles from this place but he said I can't understand why he you know selected me and it just so happened he was kind of pouring that out to me while brother Raspersonson was listening and brother Raspersonson said he said brother Brother Biscll, he said, "You should write Brother Brandham and see if you could entice him to come up for a hunt." He said, "You know, maybe you could arrange to have some meetings and take him up hunting, you know, and and get get both accomplished at one time." And uh to me, Brother Brandon was a man as, you know, whose stature was of worldrenowned. And for me to scratch a little pencil letter to him, uh I I didn't think I'd ever get an answer if I did write. But anyway, and the next day or two, I scratched out a little letter, told Brother Brandham about the kind of territory that this was, and Bud said he was going to be getting it. He he thought that he would go ahead and do it. And uh so I wrote a letter to Brother Brandom and never got an answer. Months went by and never got an answer. year and a half later uh uh we resigned the church and journeyed south to near where we are now onto Vancouver Island to do missionary work amongst the native Indian people. And I was only there three weeks when I got a letter from brother Brandham actually from Billy Paul saying that uh brother Brandham would like to come up and hunt. So we made contact by telephone and spoke a little bit. I wrote back. They asked if we could if I could arrange three meetings in Grand Prairie, Alberta, which is about 75 miles from Dawson Creek and three in Dawson Creek. So, we arranged those meetings and then I journeyied up. They came all the way from Jeffersonville and I came up for the west coast of Vancouver and uh came to they told me what motel he was in and uh so I went to the motel. I had Billy Paul's uh hotel number or motel number first. I went to his motel and he said, "Oh yes, brother Biscll." He said, "Daddy's waiting to see you." So we went up. It was a double-decker motel. Went upstairs. The door was a jar. And Billy just kind of knocked on the door and opened it a wee bit. He said, "Daddy, uh, Brother Biscll's here." "Oh, fine." I heard the voice say, "Bring him in." So Billy Paul swung the door open and I just stepped in the door. I was 27 years old and uh and and as skinny as a rake. I weighed 135 lbs and uh I'm sure it was a shock to brother Brennham, but I didn't expect it was going to be the shock that it was. So, and I just stepped in the door and he's sitting on the edge of the bed and he just kind of rocked back, put his finger up. He says, his eyes went large. He said, "Are you brother Biscll?" I said, "Uh, yes, sir, I am." Oh. He says, "You're just a child." And I said, "Well, that's what I am." I said, "That's that's all I am. This is what you got." Oh. And then he kind of laughed, made a little joke out of it. And and uh so we we uh you know, just chatted about a few things and then he had three meetings there in Grand Prairie. Then we journeyed up to Dawson Creek where three more meetings were arranged. Now, uh, there was a brother here, uh, night before last. I don't know if Brother Bill Haggot is here. A lot of people perhaps know Brother Bill. Uh, are you here, Brother Haggett? I guess he had to go back, I believe, yesterday. Brother Bill Haggot was in the Canadian Army and was in those meetings in Dawson Creek. And so that plays an important part in the in part of this story. I as a boy had been raised during the building of the Alaskan Highway which was built by the US Army engineers. And so my father worked every camp was under the a captain of the US Army. So I saw all through my youth and up into my early teens US Army officers. I was their mascot. I was their I was their bat boy at their at the army team. Even though I was Canadian, I was rooting for the US Army because that's where I lived. Uh I slept in the dormitories with the boys. They put up a rifle up against the door. Uh you know, I rode with them in the jeeps and was with them at the airport and going on their snowmobile machines. And of course that was like the life of Riley, you might think. You know, didn't get much education, but I sure had a lot of fun, you know. And uh so at this meeting in 1961, a lot of years had gone by and the people are packing in the the doorway coming in the foyer and I happened to see a just a uniform uh staff sergeant uh a US Army uniform just a ju just a jacket. Didn't seem that he had the trousers on. And at that time, starting in the 1960s, it became popular for people to buy surplus uh army clothing and young people were wearing it. So, I didn't know if he's for real or whether he's not real, you know, maybe just a young fellow on a with a uniform, but I I I looked through the crowd. I remember looking through the crowd so I could see those stripes. And I I just thought to myself, it's nice to see them stripes again like that. And uh it just kind of brought back a flood of memories. The services were started then and I was seated on the platform over to this side. Uh and and a lot of the people now who I've been away from for a year and a half, some of them my own congregation started to come up in the healing line. One woman, her name was Sister Lick, L I C K. Very unusual name. And of all the people that brother Brandham called, he calls her by name. He said, "Go your ways, Mrs. Lick." And he told all about her child, nervous child, the condition of the family because of it. It was exactly the same. Uh exactly as he described it. Then there was a long line of people that were up for healing. Didn't look like they were, Brother Brandham was going to get through the mall, and it was still lined up against the wall down there. Brother Brandon was standing here with his back this way and we were standing also and I don't know whe because it was the end he'd come to the end and we were singing I can't recall exactly but I was standing uh and right next to me on my on my right hand side was a a very intellectual theologian man whose pastor in Grand Prairie the city we just come from. His name was Paul Cornish. And as we stood there, Brother Brandham, he's got his back to us. He just all I can do, I'll just describe exactly what happened. He's talking to somebody like this is the boy will be all right. Then just carried on. Now, I couldn't understand what he said. And it wasn't a voice. It wasn't that he startled me, but there actually was a movement, a presence that just went like that. And when that happened, it startled me. I I didn't know what was happening. I didn't know what he had said. And the man beside me, who is a very stately statesman type of man, he had it just it like somebody had hit him in the stomach and he went over forward. He was bent right in. He was sobbing, sobbing, sobbing. I thought, "What's happening? What's happening? What was sad?" You know, and I'm totally startled. I'm absolutely dismayed. Something has swept past me. I know that this man who you very seldomly get a movement out of him here. He's caving into the floor weeping. Brother Brandham has screamed something. I don't know what is it. What what what's taking place? When brother Cornish stood up, he touched me on my elbow. He said, "Brother Eddie," he said, "See down the healing line down towards the end. See that young boy?" I said, "Yes." He said, "That's my son." And he said if he's not healed, he's up for operation on Tuesday morning, this coming Tuesday morning. And here, Brother Brandham just what he said was, "The boy will be all right." &gt;&gt; And that thing just swept by. You see, friends, he was in a he was in a realm &gt;&gt; that we know nothing about. the best I can explain it to you on deep calls to the deep if you haven't seen that v video that picture you young people get that right away when you've done with brother Biscll's testimony because on there he says now how many people dream dreams and he said now there are some that don't dream dreams he said when you dream a dream he said your conscious is over here your subconscious is here when you dream a dream you kind of go to that twilight night zone, the conscious and the subconscious come close together. He said there are some people don't dream dreams because he says their subconscious and their conscious remain too far apart and they don't dream dreams. He said they're born that way. He said then those that dream dreams, the conscious and the subconscious move close together. But he said with a prophet they come right together. He doesn't go to sleep to see his dream. See that's his that's the vision. They come right together. So he's But now if you have a dream, you wake up in the morning, say, "Dear, I had a dream." Oh, the most incredible dream. Science proves to you you had that dream in about a quarter of a second. As fast as I snap my finger, you had the whole dream. But in real time, it takes you 10 or 15 minutes to tell the dream. You understand? So now, here's a prophet with those both right together. And he told me, he said, "Sometimes, brother Eddie, before I come out, he said, he's shown me that there'll be a woman up in the balcony in a yellow coat, and there's a man down here in the middle, and the demon that's in her is going to link up with the demon that's in this man. They're going to war against you. Have no fear. I'll be with you." And and so many details would just just flood his the human mind can't take it. It's just like in your subconscious. You see all this, you see it in just a fraction of a second, but you can't relate it. So, brother Brandham had to go slowly and tell these people these things. He knew, he knew volumes of it before he even came. And a vision wasn't as though he's seeing a scene in technicolor. Please understand this. His visions were that he had stepped into another realm. He was actually there. &gt;&gt; And that's why he wouldn't know I I is this a patient. He didn't know if he was in reality and this was a person or was he in the vision? Because in the vision the person was just the same. He he told me about the man in Bombay. You excuse I just have to keep relating these things as they come. The man in Bombay that was healed. He said he saw the man and he was a sun worshipper and his eyes were destroyed. But he said to me he said uh I I I saw him. I I saw him start to move. I could see in the vision that he could see. He said then I had to he had to kind of come out of it. He said, and because he said in the vision, in the vision his he saw noticed that he was going a little gray right here at the temples with his with a sideburn and and and then he kind of shake his head and looked in the real reality where he was in the present and he saw that his sideburns were black. So he said, "I knew that he was going to have his vision." He said, "Then I had to exercise my faith that he would be healed right then. Amen. &gt;&gt; And God gave him his sight right then. And there was even hundreds of soldiers and everything else could hardly protect Brother Brandham. He told me they tried to tear his pants in little pieces so he'd have some part something that had touched him because they're very given over to holy men and those things. But you see that was the that was the realm that he was in. And so he he could call something out and and you'll hear it on the tape once in a while. You want to hear the Dawson Creek series right in the middle while he's preaching. He just calls out. He says, "That's all right, Mr. Durnney. That's all right. Don't worry about it." He's on another one. I believe he calls to Brother Banks Woods or one of the people from Jeffersonville and he's over in Phoenix or Tucson. And he just calls out right while he's preaching. Don't worry about it. It's going to be all right. He gives him the name right while he's preaching because he's into another realm and he's reach picking this up and picking that up and he just can't pick it all up. Oh, it's all getting milky now. just moving from here to there to everywhere. Oh my brother, my sister, no nation, no people, no generation ever had such a vindication as this one. How we ought to No young people, no young people have ever been brought up to to know these things. And you're hearing it from a living witness. We were there. And so while these meetings are going on also in a very similar, this is one of the main parts of of my testimony. Many people have asked me about it. We're in a service at the end of a meeting and uh we're singing uh uh I love him. I love him. And brother Brandham is leading him in song saying I love him. I love him. You can hear the people singing sweetly. You can get the tape. It's a Dawson Creek tape. And while the people are singing, he says, "Do you love him?" Like that. And they just keep singing. Then he says, "You'll not commit suicide, soldier boy. That's the devil talking to you. Deny him. Deny him. And you'll go home and be a real man and be a real gentleman. because he first loved me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I mean friends from another world, &gt;&gt; from another realm. &gt;&gt; And the service services ended in Dawson Creek. And uh oh uh then brother Brennham uh he said to me on one one of our occasions between the meetings, he said, "Could brother Chris Berg you think brother Chris Berg would come with us?" Now, brother Chris Berg had been on an earlier hunt uh in about 1949, 1950, something like that. Brother Chrisberg was a man who I believe Brother Brandham had he not had the ministry he had, he aspired to live that kind of life. Brother Chris Berg was a man totally of the wilderness. He never married. He would just put a pack on his back and be gone. He'd be gone sometime for weeks, come back out, he trapped, he fished. He was one of what he called his little Norwegian friends. Brother Chris was a little bit shorter than Brother Brandham, but about the right height. And so I said, "My wife and I have known Chris since we were children." I said, "Oh." I said, "Hey, Chris, he'd just drop everything. Of course, he'll come." So I got a hold of Brother Chris Berg. says, "Brother Brandon, I'd like you to come." And that'll make four of us. Chris and myself, Brother Brandham, Brother Bud. So, uh, Monday morning, we decide, uh, no one knows where I'm taking Brother Brandham except Brother Bud Southwick, who's 400 miles away, and Brother Chris Berg, and he's not sure where I'm taking him. So, Monday morning, we decide we'll leave real early, about 5 or so in the morning. Oh, yes. One other thing that happened. Uh uh there was a sister that came that time. They they brought the line up this way because there was three meetings and they brought brought her up this way and uh she was a German woman by the name of sister Clint. Uh they lived in Fort St. John. They are very very dear friends of my parents especially my father but they were in our home many times uh in my church many times and they were actually in my brother-in-law's church. They were part of his church. They were old-timers from that country. So, she was standing there. I'll never forget, she was standing with her hand folded just like so. And uh, Brother Brandham said to her, "You're you're not standing here for yourself. You're standing here for a man." And that man is shadowed with death. That man is not from this city. I believe he's from a town north of here. and that town is called Fort St. John. And that's the way he said it. And then he told her just to go her way. He didn't say anything more. So now comes Monday morning. And we leave like maybe 5 in the morning. I think we got up about 4:30, left about 5. And there, of course, the morning, you know, the days break real early and the nights are are light real late. So we start driving Fort St. John's about 42 miles from where the meetings were. So in the first hour, we were just coming up to the town. When the US Army built the Alaskan Highway, they just pushed it right through farm fields and everything else. And the towns grew alongside of the highway, just little sparse businesses. So we were coming to Fort St. John. There's this speed limit on the highway because they had built some gas stations and a motel here and there. And it had the highway cut through a farm and a big old farmhouse which I'd seen ever since I was just a little kid sat over about 200 yards to the right hand side and that was the first entrance into the town. There was two entrances into Fort St. John off the highway and we were just coming up to the first entrance. We were not going into the town. We were bypassing it. And brother Brandham said to me uh he said there was a woman that was praying for a man uh yesterday in the meeting and uh he said she was praying for a man from Fort St. John uh dying with cancer. I said that's exactly right. Her name is Sister Clint. And I was so happy to tell brother Brandham we know her. And and I'm just in the middle of that and he's saying the man's in that house. He says it with that same that same intensity and then and then soon as he's out of it, he's just speaking normally again, but he just went like that and and because we were driving by, he had to swing his arm behind my head. He says, "The man's in that house." He pointed to that white house. Well, right away, you know, the devil, he is a he he he he he's a very aggressive, &gt;&gt; very aggressive uh adversary. &gt;&gt; And so, right away, the thought flashed through my mind. You can't control the thoughts. Thought just flashed through my mind. How do I know he's in that house? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I didn't know he's in the house, but I was certain he was there because I saw that gift. I saw him reveal what was in Sister Clunk's heart. So, we journey on through and we get up to uh 300 miles. Uh there's a small town, Fort Nelson, if you look on your map. And so I said to Brother Brandham, maybe we should just pull off here and have a bite to eat by the time we get up to Southwick's place. It'll be about 2:00. She'll be all done her meal and we won't have a chance to uh we you know, I don't want to disturb her for dinner. Oh, he said, "I think that's a good idea, Brother Eddie." So, we pulled off and got into this little wee uh hotel type restaurant and uh we're just sitting there and now brother Brown's relaxing and you know we're kind of talking and laughing about things and he's just u uh feeling you know uh the pressure of the meeting is all gone and the waitress had come. We ordered our food and nothing had arrived yet and uh the door opened. uh door was on the side like that open. In walked two men and the one man I had never seen before. He was uh um perhaps a little shorter than myself and quite heavy set, light colored sandy hair, but behind him was this tall young man that was in the US Army tunic that I saw in the foyer of the church. Only now he's in strictly civilian clothes and his he's tall. He's uh fairly dark complexed. His eyes were deep set. His skin was very taut. His face was very very taut. I noticed. And when he came in, he come in slightly behind the the the other man. And then he moved around and as they were moving like I just thought they're going to get a table. So I said, "Fancy seeing you here." And brother Brandham looked up like this as they were coming by our our booth. He thought he thought that they were old friends of mine and uh uh and then this excuse me, brethren, hope that didn't because I was meeting a lot of my old friends. And so, uh, then this sandyhaired man squeezed between, uh, this young soldier boy and our table and thrust his hand down at brother Brandham. He says, "Oh, Brother Brandham." He said, "Brother Brandham." And, and Brother Brandham was kind of shocked, you know, and he he raised his hand kind of uncertainly and and uh, oh, oh, do I know you? No, no. He says, "You don't know me." And now he's shaking his hand. He said, "Do you remember saying to that soldier boy, you spoke to that soldier boy?" And he's shaking his hand like that. And brother Bram said, "Uh uh uh do you remember, Brother Eddie?" I said, 'Yes, I remember. You said, "Uh, you'll not commit suicide, soldier boy. That's the devil." "That's it. That's it." He says, "That's what you said. That's what you said." He says, "This is him." And uh so, uh uh you know, the greeting was kind of over. And then he said, "Brother Brandham, would you pray for him?" And brother Brandon said, "Oh, sure I would." Just at that moment, we're right in the midst of that, uh, the waitress came. Waitress, they're not interested in what you're talking about. You know, here I was ready for this prophet to cast the devil out of this fellow. And the waitress is barging in with our soup and sliding the soup here to all all four of us, you know, like that. And uh, or three of us, I should say. And so, Brother Brandham sees the soup come in front of him. Well, now you see, I I had told you I was looking at Brother Brenham to see if he would act like a preacher. And now I was looking to see if he'd at least act like a prophet, you know, because we have our concepts of what preachers should do and our concepts of what a prophet should do. And I was certainly expecting uh well, I didn't know what to expect, but I knew it was going to be something spectacular. And here's a fellow trying to commit suicide, a soldier boy. The Holy Spirit screamed out to him. And here we are. I don't know how they arrived here. Here we all meet 300 miles from where we had had the meeting. Nobody knew that I was taking brother Brandham here. How did they ever find us in the middle of this? From that spot, friends, you could take a vehicle at that time and you could go to the straight north for 1500 miles and I doubt if you'd have ever seen a road or a human. And you could have gone down the Rocky Mountain trench for 500 miles and you might have found a trapper or a logger someplace, but that's about all. And in the middle, you talk about a needle in the hay stack. In the middle there, he is meeting up with that boy he called out of the service. And this man says, "We drove from Fairbanks, Alaska, and the army officer doctors turned him into my custody to take him to your meetings, but we couldn't get him into prayer line." He said, "And we're driving an old pickup. You passed us on the road, but he said, I believe that we would find you today." And then the soldier spoke up. He says, "That's right. This man actually believed." And he was saying it in such unbelief. He says he actually believed we'd find you today. And here they found us in the middle of nowhere sitting in a little restaurant ready to have some soup. And so I'm waiting for brother Brandham's great dramatic gesture to cast the devils out of this fellow. And brother Brandham says, "Well, well that's fine. Yeah, uh, I'll be happy to pray for him." He said, "Maybe we'll just eat our soup first." I thought, Do you remember Apostle Paul had that woman with with the spirit of divination crying out, "Hear ye these men. These men be of God. Hear ye these men. These men be of God." You know how long he left that? Three days. &gt;&gt; Do you know why? He needed the advertising. &gt;&gt; When he was done, he cast the devil out of her. And so this was in divine order. We'll eat our soup first and we'll tend to all of this later on. So we eat our meal. While we're eating our meal now, I see Brother Brandham's countenance change. His demeanor, his composure changes, and he just is eating his soup like this. He looks out, just looks a little bit over my head. He said, "There there was a woman that was in the prayer line yesterday. Uh, he said she was blind. I said, um, I don't remember a blind woman. I said, brother Chris, I said, ' Do you remember anybody blind? Yes, he said, I believe there was a blind woman came through the healing line. And brother Brandham, he's just eating a soup. He looks up. Yes, he said. He's seeing it. See, he's there. He said, yes, she is blind. Let me see. He waits a moment. Oh, I see. He said, "She's being led through the line by another woman." Yes. He said, "And that young woman gave up her place in the line to lead the blind woman through." Glory. &gt;&gt; And then he just shook his head looked at me. Now he was in time again. He said, "You see, brother Eddie," he said, "She may be praying just now." Think of that. &gt;&gt; She may be praying just now. And here God was using that prophet. Oh, that position. I, you know, we we scarcely can grasp it. And he said, uh, now he said, let's let let's see. Yes. He said, she's a young German woman. Now, he got back into it. Each time he got back into it, he got more. Yes, she's a young German woman. She had Oh, that poor woman. He said, she has heart trouble. She has stomach trouble. She has an is and he began to describe some internal difficulty she was having and and he came back out of it again and he said, "Brother Eddie, do you believe?" And here I had these humongous questions, doctrinal questions, serpent seed, God had baptism questions hanging in my heart. I tell you, I was doing everything I knew how to do to believe. I said, "Yes, Brother Brandham, I do believe." He said, "Brother Eddie, just to help you, I'll ask him, and he'll give me her name." He just looked over my head for a few moments. Yes. He said, "Her name is Sister Fear Fear." He said, "We'd say fear in English." Sister Fair. He said, "That's her name. That's right." &gt;&gt; And it was all over. And then he said to me, he said, "You see, Brother Eddie, people don't understand, the people don't understand the visions. When they come, I can't stop them." &gt;&gt; And I says, "I can't start them." He said, "They think I have them. I don't. It's the people's faith that causes me to have visions." He said, "You see this young man here?" He said, "You know, who knows uh what would happen if God doesn't meet him?" And so he we finished eating our soup, finished eating our meal, just get ready to walk out the door and uh paid our bill, stepped out the door, and just as we're going out the door, this soldier tapped brother Brandham on the shoulder. Brother Brandham, he said, "Just two minutes. Just two minutes." Oh yes. Yes, brother. He thought we were going to get away. Certainly, he said. So we stepped out little wooden sidewalk. the this sidewalk went to the end of the buildings where there was some garbage cans and the bush started there just the brush the woods and this little wooden sidewalk went this way and there's where our cars were parked so brother Chrisberg myself and the sandyhaired man from Alaska went up there to the cars were just standing there and I turned around so I could watch brother Brandham and I was listening to him at the same time I wanted to see what is brother Brandham doing all the time see how's he responding to this I mean here here's fellow has tried to commit suicide. What's he doing? You know, and so after a moment, this man is nervously talking. He said, "Nobody can find out what's wrong with him." He said, "He's been under the uh under the uh army officers for 15 or 14 or 15 or 18 months. I just can't recall now. For about 15 months, he's tried to commit suicide three times." He said, "Now, notice what he's telling me. He's got a lovely Christian wife and two beautiful children, but he's tried to commit suicide three times in the last 15 months. And about that time, I looked up there, I saw Brother Brown now, that little white hat you see pictures of him with. Fact is, it's that hat he has on right there in the picture. He has that hat off and he's holding it over his heart like this, holding it down because that's the way he he would do when he was in prayer. And then then I saw I saw him just slip that hat back on and they both turn around. And when they turn around, I said within myself, because you must understand, I'm a disappointed, discouraged young minister, and I've seen too many the big ministries go down. And and and I didn't want to I had a great love for the word. Always the word. And I wasn't going to allow any signs and wonders to sweep me off my feet. It had to be in the word. And I had already resolved. If this serpent seed question couldn't be resolved in the word, that was going to mean the end of brother Brandham and my fellowship. And I that was just crushing me. And so I here I got this in my heart and I I said to within myself, now I I must not be swayed by the, you know, the the charis charisma &gt;&gt; of of this. It's got to be genuine. And so when they were coming down, all I can tell you is it's genuine or I wouldn't be here. That tall fellow, his face had completely changed. His face and countenance had totally relaxed. It shone. And he came walking down the sidewalk. He said like this. And brother Brand walking very erect. He is under that anointing. This man says, "I'm free. I'm free. I'm free." Three times like that with his fist up in the air. And they came and stood and Brother Brandham was standing right beside me really wrecked. soldier right beside him, Brother Chris and other men standing there all in a little huddle. He said, "This man told me something that only I and my wife in this world know." And when he did tell me, he said, "It left me." Well, I was learning some incredible pressure. I mean, incredible principles. So, we said our goodbye. They went in their vehicle. We got in our vehicle. I'm sitting beside brother Brandham. The thought went through my mind. I have just stepped right out of the pages of the scripture. &gt;&gt; This is what happened in the Bible. &gt;&gt; See, I didn't really know even the depth of it all, but God was conditioning my heart. You have been right next to the ministry of Jesus Christ. You've just stepped out of the Bible. And I was in that atmosphere. Brother Brandham said, "Have you ever seen this young man?" I said, "No. Is he a good friend of yours?" I said, "We don't know each other." He said, 'It's not likely you'll ever see each other again.' I said, 'It's not likely. He said, 'Brother Eddie, if he was your friend, I'd never tell you, but just to help you believe. When we went to the end of the sidewalk, he said he came to us there and told him that he had a lovely Christian wife and two beautiful children, the same words that had just come out of the other man's mouth. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You follow me? If brother Brandham had said that that that he came to us there and told us he wasn't married and didn't have any children or something, I wouldn't be here. &gt;&gt; There's exactly the same testimony. See, he's got he's married, got a lovely Christian wife and two beautiful children, but he's been committing homosexual acts with young men. He said, "And soon as he was told that, he was delivered." And I learned one of my greatest lessons. The best way to cast out a devil out of anybody's life is expose him. &gt;&gt; He holds his grip. Whether it be fear, whether it be despondency, whether it be some sin of some nature. And that's why the prophet's ministry was so powerful. That's why he said, "Don't come here with sin because it'll be exposed." But exposing it is the best way to get rid of it. &gt;&gt; Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And all he did was expose it. Satan lost his power, lost his grip, and the boy went away free. &gt;&gt; We drove up the highway about 75 miles and came to Brother Southwick's place. And uh we had supper that evening and brother Brandon began to relate all the different things that took place and different great meetings. It was about 10:00. We sat there absolutely riveted for about 4 hours. It's around 10:00 at night. He was just talking. He was sitting at the end of the table. I was sitting immediately here on the side and he just jerked quick. Jerked like that. said, "Brother Eddie, that pillar of fire isn't two isn't over two feet from any one of us at this moment." &gt;&gt; Tell you what, friends, it was some awesome. And even without him saying, all you knew is that you'd come into a sacred place. That's why I say on that on that print of that painting when I describe that story I felt as though when I just sat my laid my back against rested against a tree saw that prophet there it wasn't something my imagination it was like I had just walked into a room of a young man perhaps and a young woman that were in an intimate conversation and you just want to back out and say I I I don't belong here. I'm I'm I'm intruding. When I lean back, there's just such a sacred holy presence. I thought this is this is such a holiness. I'm not really accustomed to this. I'm in a place where I was really uninvited. And yet, it was an experience I believe that God ordained that I should have in order to convey it on to you. &gt;&gt; Are you weary or should I carry on? [Applause] So it was while we were with brother Southwick's we uh uh brother Southwick, he was not a how will I say it? He was not a real experienced guide and so he didn't have the horses and everything ready. So here's brother Brandham and I mean I kind of felt a little bit bad. Here's this great worldrenowned man of God up here to hunt and I've got all the groceries together and we arrive there and Bud hasn't got the horses gathered yet and brother Brandham I read about it this morning coming here I I could read you volumes because it's so close to me he said we were out there he says a bunch of three-year-old horses and he said Harley broke and I was exactly right and so Bud says Bud talked like this excuse me if Bud's gone on Now, God bless rest his gallant Saul and how I how we loved each other so dearly. Bud would say, "Well, guess we better go and get those horses out and we get going here, you know." And you've heard him, other Eugene. So, uh I said, "You haven't got him yet, but no. They're around here someplace. We're just going to bed. So everything is perfect, isn't it? Everything is exactly the way it's supposed to be. So, Brother Brandham and I, we get singled off and we're walking down the river flats down two wag a wagon trail. He's in one path. I'm in the other and we're just walking along and I'm just aching. I just want to talk to him so bad. I want a fire of questions. Can you imagine what a 27year-old young minister? I had so many questions. Oh, I'd have kept him busy. And I'm sorry now I didn't have a tape recorder hanging around my neck and cameras and videos and everything. I'm so sorry I didn't have a lot of that. So, uh, we're just walking there and I said, "Uh, Brother Brandham, these visions, how did they come?" Well, he said, and he did things all the time that left me so startled, I didn't know quite what to do. He reaches across because we're walking right close together. He reaches across and puts his arm around my shoulder from this side. He's got my his arm hanging right down here down my neck. And I felt so strange. &gt;&gt; I didn't have very many men put their arm around my neck like that. And he says, "Brother Eddie," and that's something I haven't told in my other testimony. And I decided I would share a few other things. He said, "Brother Eddie, I love you like a son. We've only been together a few days. says, "I love you like a son." He said, "If I uh if I could help you, I'd do anything I could to help you." He said, "Now," he said, "you get anointed to preach." He said, "And I get anointed to see visions." He said, "It's an anointing." And that's when he began to describe the people don't understand it, but he said, "When those visions come," he said, "I cannot stop them." And he said, 'Neither can I bring them on. It's the faith of the people that bring them on. He said, 'I just I'm just a tool and it's their faith that exercises the gifts. So I was trying to understand that. And he says, "And when they're gone, I can't remember them." I said, "That's right, Brother Brandham." I said, "Uh, and I was recalling a certain time I'd been preaching in Idaho and we had a service. My wife wasn't with me. I thought it was such I thought I was going to be raptured. It was such a glorious meeting and I was telling him I was preaching this service and I went to the phone that night cuz I want to tell my wife what a wonderful meeting it was and I was trying to get into it and trying to tell her about the message and trying to and I said the thing just fell flat and I told her oh forget it and in a small way I was understanding when when the anointing is gone we can do nothing. So then we get the horses the next day start to uh harness them with their pack saddles and everything. And there's one horse uh maybe the kids will enjoy this. There's one horse and he is a bad case. Bad case. I mean he throws his head back. He throws it against a tree. But so Bud got brother uh Chris says hold him up tight. Hold his head up tight so he can't do anything. Hold him right against the tree. I tell you that horse begin to leap up and ca cast his feet out this way and that way and and buck and then he'd get loose and we have the pack saddle on him maybe a couple paniards and he'd go thrashing through the brush. You know what paniards are? Those are boxes that go on the side of the horse and those boxes are just flapping like this. Eggs and oranges and silverware coming out and he'd throw himself on the ground to smash those boxes. And I thought, "Oh, this horse is he's only good for a bullet. That's the only thing he's good for." And I didn't have much patience with the horse like that. And here's Bud and he tries to saddle him again. In the meantime, the morning's going, "We're supposed to be hunting." I'm looking at my watch. I'm nervous. Brother Brandham only has a few days. Bud, what is the matter here? We're spending a half a day on this nag. We ought to shoot him. all his bear mate, you know, and uh I'm I'm getting all tensed up inside and and uh so they're trying to trying to do him once more. Now they got him out in the middle of the road. This road I'm talking about a little we, you know, just a little farm road. And uh Brother Brandov says, "Oh, here, Brother Eddie." He says, "Uh the Christian businessman gave me a 16 millimeter camera." I said, "Maybe you take some pictures, bud, of this horse." I said, "Yeah, okay." So I got down I got down beside the truck and I'm taking some pictures of this horse. The only thing is with this camera when you look in it, anything that's 10 yards away looks like it's 500 yards away. And that horse is way down there someplace. I see a great big commotion. He's up in the air. He's down. He's up in the air. He's bucking. He's running down the road. Yes. Right to me. And I took the camera away and he was right on top of me. And I just I'd leap for the truck as he went flying past and I'm not going to be a cameraman for the life of me. [Applause] Those are the last 16 mm pictures I ever tried to take for brother Brandham. So they left him un unsaddled. And the next day, Bud's going to start again. He he works at it. He gets two poles. He puts them up into a tree, a wedge. He drives this horse right up there, wedges him with his chest right against these two poles. He's working on it, Brother Eugene. He's working on it. And he he starts with the pack saddle and reaches cautiously underneath to get a hold of the uh the cinch, you know, and cinches him up, you know, and when he start to feel that cinch, you know, and then he leaps up in the air and he's now he's tries to strike at Bud's chest and knocks Bud down. And I said to brother Brandham, I said, "Brother Brandham, you know, here we were way now 20 miles into nowhere, as will. And nobody knew other than brother Southwick how to get out. And I said I said, "Brother Brandon, we ought to pray." I said I said, "That horse is going to kill Bud." Yeah. He said, "He's He's a bad one, isn't he?" I thought that's the understatement of the year. And so he's standing there right beside me and I'm watching and Bud's got the cinch done up and now there's the and he he tries just real cautiously to put the one paniard and the rope over the pack saddle and and lets it come rest down easy and he goes to the other side and gets the next piard on. And now both paniards are hanging on him, you know, and he's feeling that weight. And I look and if you see a horse that's in great fear, he his sometimes his flesh, his flanks will begin to tremble and shake. If they get fearful with a maybe a grizzly bear or something and here I see the flesh, his meat over his over his rump is just trembling and jiggling and shaking. I thought, uh, oh boy, you know, that horse is in in great great fear. It's going through some going through something right now. And uh and and Bud puts the last thing, which is the most scary, a tarp. Throws the tarp over it cautiously. And then he's getting ready to double with a double diamond to hitch it up. And and and he's just getting all of this done. And I and I was so surprised. And I I I turned to see Brother Brandham. I was going to say, "Brother Brandom, he's got him." And I turned. The words were still in my mouth. And brother Brandham had turned just like that. And he was just putting his hat back on his head. And that horse was a kitten from that day on. &gt;&gt; We packed him every day. What? What? What might we say this is? I say that this is dominion. Dominion being exercised by an adopted son. &gt;&gt; A fully adopted son. And I believe this is the dominion that God intended for the sons of God to enjoy and experience. Do you believe it? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And so, uh, we we had that hunted and, uh, this will take me a little while. &gt;&gt; We were in the tent and, uh, Brother Bud, I knew that he chewed. You don't know what snooze is. What do you call it here? &gt;&gt; Snuff. Okay. Snuff. And you got other fancy names for it now. It's come back. And he he chewed snuff. And his lip kind of stuck out from that, you know, and I think that's what made him talk a wee bit the way he did. But he quit when when he gave his life to the Lord, which is just not very many months before. I had never seen him with a cigarette in his mouth. Never. But he got a hankering for a cigarette. So the horses were about a half a mile mile down at the river and they were hobbled with hobbles around their feet and we always checked on them every day. So he said, "I think I'll go down and check the horses." Okay, fine. So he's gone a little while. There's a fire going outside and I'm in the tent and brother Brandham's in the tent and uh then we can hear Bud his footsteps and movement outside and he's doing something with the saddles and hanging it up and so on and so forth and Bud just calls through the tent through the wall of the tent. Hey Bud. Bud says yeah. Says did you ever smoke? Bud says yep. He says when did you quit? Said just this minute. He'd had his last cigarette down there with the horses and he never smoked again. He said that was his last one. So on another occasion, we're in the tent and uh everything just fell quiet for a moment and brother Brandham is just standing he's standing in the tent like this and I'm busy. We've just finished uh eating and uh I was doing kind of the doing a little bit of cooking and washing the dishes and stuff and so I'm just moving around and I I sensed a a stillness and brother Brandham standing quiet and uh so when I stopped it was dead still and all he could hear was looked down and brother Chris Berg had his head against his sleeping bag and he was just laying on the ground. That little man that brother Brandham so he adored him and and and I looked at brother Brandham and brother Brandham was standing just like this and he jerked his head and saw me standing him. He says on that day he'll be there. Put him in a room he said with a thousand women and he'll come out pure. And then he jerked out of it. He said, "Yeah, you see, Brother Eddie," he said, "I just can't say that. I couldn't just say that about you or say that about, you know, any anyone." He said, "I I can't say that of myself." I said, "No, no, I understand, Brother Brandham. I understand." Now, that's not on my testimony either. &gt;&gt; I tell you there. Yes. On that day, he'll be there. Put him in a room with a thousand women and he'll come out pure. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Those things have a big effect upon a person. &gt;&gt; So, Brother Brandham, he loved that area so well. He said, "Brother Eddie, I'd like to bring Billy Paul here this fall." Fine. So, about a month before uh we were to go again that fall, I got a phone call. It's Brother Bandom on the phone. Brother Eddie, he said, "Uh, I think we're going to have a real good hunt." I said, "Oh, yeah. I I I believe we will, you know." Yeah. He said, "I I either had a dream or vision. I'm not sure which." He said, "And I saw this great massive animal. Never seen one like that." He said, "It's not an elk. I've seen elk kind of got the horns forward." He said, "It's not a moose because it hasn't got the pan handles like that." Uh he said uh it's not a deer, but he said it's it horns kind of go way back on its head. Oh, he said it was a massive thing. He said and and dark chocolate brown. And I said, "I don't know what kind of animal that would be." I said, "Caribu have their horns back on their head." He said, "I would know, Brother Eddie. I've never seen a caribou." I said, "Well, but they're not chocolate brown. They're gray. Battleship gray. just a dark steel gray. And he said, "Well," he said, "I don't know. This animal was brown." He never changed. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; He wouldn't change it even if I said they're dark. He didn't say, "Well, it could have been gray." &gt;&gt; No, it was dark chocolate brown. He stayed with that. See? &gt;&gt; So, I said, "Uh, well, I don't know what it is." And then he said, "I got a big grizzly bear. Big silver tip grizzly bear." He said, "I'll tell you about it when we meet." I said, "All right." So about a month later we met in Dawson Creek. He come all the way to Jeffersonville. I come 800 miles. He come about 3,500 miles and we meet there. We get a motel and and uh so then he starts to tell me the vision again. He says, "I I was I was hunting with uh two three little fellas and he said one of them had a kind of a green checkered shirt and uh he said one of my buddies and we we went up this area." He said, "Oh, it was a great panoramic view like this." And he swept his hand around like this. Uh, he said, "Uh, and we spotted this animal." He said, "Great giant animal, horns up like that." He said, "And and it and I I got that animal." And it seemed, he says that my buddy, my hunting buddy was was down the trail and he's pointing this way. He's down the trail to towards camp and he's he's uh he's there and uh he says, "And then and then we saw this grizzly." He said, "Big silver tip grizzly." Oh, brother Eddie, he says, "I thought right away of all the stories you told me about the grizzlies." He said, "And here I'm carrying Blondie." Blondie was his 270 uh his 270 rifle. He said, "And when I looked down at Blondie," he said, "It looked like it just shrunk like this in my hand." So when I looked at that big grizzly and he said and but I said that's all I had and he said brother Eddie I fired one shot and killed that grizzly. Well I you know I had haunted grizzlies for 10 years and had never shot one. I lived my whole life in the north. Had them close to me. Had them roar at me but had never got a shot at. And I can assure you I didn't want to shoot with the 270. And he says, he said, "That gun I I pulled out and fired and got that bear in one shot." And then he said, "Uh, we we're going down to where my buddy was and uh uh he said one of the uh one of the little fellas, he he took something out and he he was measuring these horns and then he says, "I saw I saw one of these young fella's hands." He says, "Oh, he" He didn't hardly have any hair on his hands. He said, "I I suppose he's about 18 and his hands are spread out like that." And then I heard a voice. It's 42 in. And then he said, "I just passed." Well, I thought Caribou aren't dark chocolate brown. And there's not two or three of us. There's only Bud, myself, and Brother Brand. I'm going on this trip. Bud's son, Blaine, was away up in the wilderness on a survey trip, surveying for the whole summer for a job. And he's an excellent guide, an excellent hunter, and a just a terrific fellow to have. And uh so I said, "Well, there isn't two or three fellows. There isn't two or three small fellows. There's nobody 18. Caribou don't aren't chocolate brown." And so I thought because brother Bram said, you know, if it's a dream, it'll if it's a dream, he said, I maybe just ate too much pie before I went to bed. He said, if it's a vision, it'll happen exactly as it as it as it said. So I thought, well, it must be must be a dream because the animals not the right color. There isn't the same number of guys going. There's nobody 18 years old going. So anyway, but it it it it it it it anchored in my heart. So my father came down to the motel and I said to brother Brandham, "Tell dad the vision, brother Brandham." So here I was doubting it myself, but but believing it at the same time. Do you ever have things like that? You know, where you you you can hardly believe it. It's just almost too good to be true. So he told the whole account to to my father. Then we got up to Brother Southwick's and we're having supper in his trailer house. I said, "Brother Brandham, tell tell Bud uh the vision of the of of the of the hunt." So, he starts out telling Bud, you know, about this, and he got to the dark chocolate brown. I said, "You know, Bud, that's the only thing that I I'm wondering about cuz the caribou is a dark battleship gray." And Bud says, "Yeah." He said, "You know, that's a funny thing." He said every time we hunted on the north side of the highway, he said there always had those brush caribou. They're kind of a dark dark gray color sort of. He said every time we hunted and got caribou on the south side of the highway, he said it was always those mountain caribou. He said, "They're kind of a deep chocolate brown color." And I said, "Well, where are we hunting?" We're hunting down into the high country to the south. I said, "Okay." So now we had that when we had just arrived, all the cats and dogs and kids and everybody come running out to meet us. And here's Blaine, the eldest son, come running out, too. He's supposed to be hunt. He's supposed to be surveying. I said, Blaine, what are you doing? He said, "The job just finished and I'm home now." And so he he was behind the barn fixing a piece of harness on a rock, putting a rivet in it. And I'm just watching him. I said, "How old are you, Blaine?" He says, He says, "18. Why?" I said, "I just wanted to know." So I thought, "This thing's falling together." Dark chocolate brown, 18 years old. So on &gt;&gt; I don't know who's going to have the shirt. I had a I had a a dark green uh kind of medium green checkered shirt and uh I'd wore it so many years and it tore here and tore here and my wife faithfully she stitched it up and stitched it up and stitched it up and so I told her very explicitly, I do not want this shirt anymore. Throw it in the garbage and go and get me a couple of shirts. And I thought for a big hunt, I never been on these big hunt with guides before. You know, we we when I went to Brother South, I we just hunted as a friend. We just go out and shoot a moose and drag it in and take it home and have our meat. So, but you know, this is big time stuff with a guide and taking in all his horses and stuff. So, I thought I should have a nice red shirt. Bud hated those red shirts. So anyway, uh the morning we arrived or should say we arrived that evening and saw these animals on top of a mountain side, some caribou sheep long distance just looking at them with binoculars. Brother Sik said, "Tomorrow morning we'll go up there." So we got up in the morning and brother Brandon remembers this. It's in the messages. I had forgotten about it because it happened so often. Somebody was always falling in the creek and so I fell in the creek that morning and I got wet. Brother Brandham tells about it especially because I had to go back and change my clothes. So I open up my duffel bag. What's staring at me in the face is this green shirt my wife has repaired again for this trip. And I remember thoughts passing through my mind. Why didn't my wife do what I asked her to do and throw this thing away anyway? So you know uh you you kind of grumble but you put the thing on. You grumble while a vision's being fulfilled. Exactly. So, and God's ways are not our ways, friends. Many times when we're murmuring, we're actually interpreting the word. We're in the pit, but we're interpreting the word. And so, I put on this shirt and away we went, we got up on top of this mountain side, and here we run into a small uh herd of caribou, and they just uh ran every direction. And so I run one way, Blaine runs one way, brother Brandon Bud runs another direction. And and they just there's no trees, there's no brush, there's no nothing. But I tell you what, those those fellas can disappear. They're a Houdini for disappearing. And the sheep, some sheep were there and they were just gone. And so uh I was going back trying to make our way back to the horses because we just dropped the reins. There's nothing to tie the horses to. And I'm making my way back to the horses. And I spot a small caribou. It's got horns. And I was I was just getting ready. I thought maybe I should shoot this caribou, but I didn't want to really shoot in case brother Brandham was ready to shoot something. So I was holding back and I heard somebody saying, and here it was brother Blaine. And I I I motioned to him to be quiet. There's a caribou just over the ridge. So he comes up and that was my first chance, first opportunity of knowing. See, cow moose don't have horns. Bullmoose have horns and dough deer don't have horns. Bucks that have horns, but when you get in the caribou, both the cows and the bulls have horns. And I was ready to shoot a cow. She had horns. And I anything with horns I thought should be shot. So anyway, he says, "No, that's a cow. Don't shoot that." And so we just got up and moved a few feet and here ran a young bull out of a dip and he just ran partway up a side hill and stopped just for a moment to take a look. and I got a shot and he came down and now now we had some meat. So we walk over to him, bud and brother Brandham hear the shot and they come running over. They were just real close and there it was laying there dark dark chocolate brown just shining in the sun and I and and Blaine starts to dress it out and brother Bam and I stand there not saying very much and little wee tiny horns you know and I thought well it'll be nice to eat that certainly no trophy horns these are just little tiny things like this and we finished it was time to eat lunch and we just climbed up on a little ridge and when we climbed up on this ridge now this great granite peak here fell off this way onto the ridge we were sitting eating our lunch and then another ridge fell off with glaciers. Oh, this was incredible. I'm going to maybe read a quote for you. Brother Brandham says, "If God will allow me, I want to live here in the millennium." &gt;&gt; And it just fell away like that with glaciers and the ridge flowed out like that for maybe three, four miles. And we just sat down and I don't know if it's Bud or brother Brandham put up the glasses and Bud, brother Brandham was guess first. He says, "Bud, what's that?" And Bud looks over, there's two massive caribou laying on a glacier to keep away from the mosquitoes and bugs and they're laying in a glacier. And when I saw two of them and my those it didn't look like they could hold their heads up. Those horns were so massive. Here I just shot a little wee one like this. I thought, "Oh my goodness, why did I pull that trigger and shoot that little little bull when I could have maybe got one of these?" So, we laid a plan and Brother Bud says, "Bla, you and Eddie stay here and we'll go." Now, we're in the middle of vision. &gt;&gt; I'm in a checkered shirt. &gt;&gt; It hasn't once crossed my mind. &gt;&gt; Not once crossed my mind. Got a dark chocolate animal. Hasn't once crossed my mind. Brother Brandham's now spotted this great big caribou and we're all in it. We're making the plans. Bud says, "Well, you you better stay here and we'll I'll take Brother Brandon. We'll go down. We're going to cross over that ridge and try and come on top of those uh caribou. And if you see us get it, then you better go back down over this direction and get Brother Eddie's uh caribou and then cut on an angle over here to this dry creek bed and wait there." And in the vision, I was supposed to be alone. So Blaine and I waited. We saw about a half an hour later or so, Brother Brandham come up over the top. We hear a shot fired. See one of these big animals go down. A second shot. That's all over. And so, okay, we make our way with the horses. We get my meat all in the paniards. Make our way over here where it's it takes a few hours before we get there. And now it's late afternoon and uh and so we we just arrest our horses and we we we sit there and we wait an hour and uh Blaine says, "Well, they're not here another half hour." He says, "I'm going to go and find them." In the vision, I was supposed to be alone. Brother Brandham says his hunting buddy with a green shirt was was by was on the way to the camp. And that was directly on the way to the camp. So half an hour comes and they're not there. Blaine takes off about another half hour. Then I hear voices in the distance. And I wait and I'm up on a little null and pretty soon here I see them coming and Bud is carrying this massive rack of horns on his on the back of his shoulders like this. And uh I come running down off of my little perch where I was. Oh, it was so exciting. I'd never seen a set of horns like that. And I I I'm slapping Brother Brandham on the shoulder, you know. Oh, brother Brandham, I said that is a uh congratulations. I take his hand and we're shaking hands. Oh, yes. He said he's he's a nice one. He's nice. And he says, I got my grizzly, too. And then I I hit brother Brand like this. No, I said that was too much cuz every once in a while, you know, he wasn't beyond just joshing with you a wee bit. You know who who who shoots a trophy caribou and a grizzly the same day. Here's a here's a guy who's never shot a caribou and never shot a grizzly. lived in the country all my life. Never shot a trophy either of the two and went hunting for them 10 days after Grizzly. Never got one. And so I said, "Nah." I said, "You didn't get a grizzly, too, did you?" "Yeah." "Yeah." He said, "I did." "No." I said, "That's impossible." Same day. And Bud says, "Sure did. You got it up there in the mountain." You know, I I said, "Well, where is it?" He said, "Well, you couldn't pack it." Bud says it's hide weighs 300 lb. And I said, and I started feeling strange. Oh my. You know, and uh and here's his horns laying there. And now we're just kind of caught in the in in a moment. Something's happening. And and Bud walks over to his saddle bag and pulls out a little round steel tape. You know, it's amazing what catches your attention. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And I I thought I've hunted all my life since I've been a boy, 16 years old, and I never saw anybody go and get a little steel tape. I said, I guess that's right. You know, he's a guide now. And he wants to see what size these horns are. And so he reaches down, pulls out this little round steel tape, and he puts it down because there's a ridge where the horns come out of the fur. and he puts it down there. And a caribou's horns go, they swing back like this and then out and then come back. And so every time he would come through this bend and come out here, it would flick out at the bottom. And Blaine standing there and we're both standing there kind of stunned. And we're watching him struggle with this. And he tries it once and tries it again and tries it again. And brother Bram standing right here on my shoulder and we're just watching him and Bud, he says just a little impatiently says, "Blaine, hold that tape in there." Oh, okay. So Blaine gets down, spreads out those 18year-old hands. Had to spread them out in order to hold the tape in the curve. And here, Brother Bram said, I and he held his hands like that when he told me the vision. He says a boy's hands, he says about 18 years old, no hair on them, about 18. And there he was. I saw those 18-year-old hands. Then everything, the whole vision started to crash in on me all at once. Been six hours &gt;&gt; being unfolded in six hours. I have a great empathy for the disciples in the Bible when Jesus told them clearly what was to happen and yet it was so hard to pick it up. I have a great empathy for them. And you know something, friends, as I was speaking last night, brother Brennham has said things very, very clearly. And it seems that we almost we we go through the vision, we go through the prophecy and have to have the Holy Spirit in an added measure of grace come back to us and reveal it to us and say, "It's there. It is. It's already happened. Don't miss it." &gt;&gt; And brother Bram said, "The rapture will be that way &gt;&gt; and Elijah's coming will be that way." Amen. &gt;&gt; And so soon as those hands were spread out like that, Brother Brandham kind of reared back and he raised his hand like this and he touched me on the shoulder. He says, "There it is." And it just kind of crashed all together and it was all over. Well, I thought I thought much about that. Uh we had taken a walk and I must tell you this as well. We had taken a little walk just he and I actually this was on the on the first hunt in the spring when I had those questions in my heart and we sat on a log beside a trail and brother Brandham said to me, "Brother Eddie," he said he I was on this mountain. I believe it was this mountain this afternoon. And he said, "Bother Bud was uh riding ahead of me and and he said, he came to me there and I believe that you have uh three questions. It's on your heart." And I said, "Yes, that is true." He said, "The first one is on the Godhead. The second one I mean the first one is on baptism. The second one is on Godhead. And the third one is on the serpent seed. Oh, I was just exposed. I said, "That's exactly right." I said, "Uh, so we we we talked about the the the false anointed ones." And this is remarkable, too. Some have come and asked me about this, but I'll uh I've told my testimony years ago, and this is as true as true before God as it can be. He said to me, "Have have you heard my tape on the false anointed ones?" This was n May 1961. He did not speak that message until 1965. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; He asked me if I heard his tape on false anointed ones. And there was a very special reason for asking me if I'd heard his tape because some people that had been working in my church had been working and using his tapes against me as a pastor. And I was saying in my heart, I wish that Jeffersonville would just send those tapes to the pastors, you know, so then people couldn't use it to make trouble for the pastors. And so I kind of had that little feeling and and right or wrong, I'm not saying it's it's either way. I'm just saying that I I had that feeling. So he asked me, which which led me to an embarrassment that I had to confess, no, I had not heard that tape. And that's why it is so indelibly marked on my mind. And so then he went through the scriptures, four scriptures, that the rain falls on the just and the unjust. The wheat and the tears grow up together in the last days, says God, I'll pour out my spirit upon all flesh. All flesh, but not all flesh is saved. And so he went through all these scriptures and I just saw it clear as as he moved through it till it was absolutely clear when he was done. Then we got to the baptism, got to the godhead, got to the serpent's seed. And I had read and reread and read and reread chapter 3 and chapter 4 of Genesis. And so when brother Brandham came to the serpent seat, I said I remember raising my finger and I said, "Well, brother Brandham," I said, "The scripture says, "And Adam knew his wife and she conceived and bear a son called his name Cain." And they called his name Cain, for I for she for she said, "I received a man from the Lord." He said, "That's exactly right. It could only come from the Lord." But he said, "You need to need need to read the next scripture." And I hadn't read the next scripture. I didn't know what the next scripture was. And he said, "And the next scripture is and she again bare his brother Abel. They were twins." And then I didn't get a revelation, but I got a very clear understanding that I had missed something. And that is when he said to me, "Brother Eddie, you just pray and be real sincere, and I'll pray for you, too, and I believe that God will reveal it to you." Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And that's exactly exactly how it happened and what he did coming home that same time, that same fall where the uh caribou uh where he got his caribou and grizzly. Uh we were driving home and of course that little animal I had wouldn't provide very much meat and I was looking primarily for a moose. And this is probably one of the most sacred moments that I recall in my lifetime. Uh we were around mile 177 on the Alaskan Highway. It's all broken down into miles, mileages. And we were just before mile 177. And uh Brother Brandham was driving the car and uh Brother Blaine was in the back and myself in the passenger seat. As brother Brandham was driving, he said, "Brother Eddie, what do you think of this ministry?" Now, he didn't say, "My ministry, but he just said, "What do you think of this ministry? Do you think it could be that of Elijah the prophet as it's foretold in the scripture and revelation and so on." And then his voice begin to trail off. I had noticed that that was an earmark when he was under the anointing at the pulpit. And when you hear him on the tape, I'm trying to make it easy for you when you listen to the tapes. And even more interesting when you hear Brother Brandham saying, "Uh, I I see you coming. Uh, you drove from the east coming here." Mhm. Uh-huh. Yeah. You hear him going like that. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. As he's he's under that and he's seeing it. Here's voice kind of getting thick and drawling and getting slow because he's under very heavy under that anointing. That's exactly what took place here. How what do you think of this ministry? Do you think it could be that of Elijah the prophet as it's foretold in the scripture revelation and so on? And his voice was trailing right off. And I said I I hung my head. I looked at the glove box. I said, "Well, I felt completely inadequate to answer this question." I said, 'Well, Brother Brandham, for all I would know, I said, 'It must be, it has every every uh indication. It has every character of being that ministry. And he put his head kind of back like this. He said, I often kind of wondered said, I I kind of think so myself. And it was at that moment, I don't know whether it was the agreement of our two spirits or whether it was just as the a moment where God said that this was so pleasing to him. I don't know what it was, but a being a being that's far more uh uh you could sense in in in a far greater reality than a person coming near you. You know, you can sense someone coming near you. But a being came and it just came like instantly. It was just between us and just forward. Not right between us, but just forward. I could I could tell you just exactly if I was there right now, I could tell you precisely the location of that being. I I literally froze. I was frozen. And a and a thought went through my mind. My next breath is taking me to some other place. I'm passing from this life. And I thought the only thing I can do is now look and see what what is brother Brandham's reaction. I didn't even want to move my head. So I just cast my eyes sideways and he was leaning over the steering wheel like this driving and his face had turned ashen. the color had left his face and I thought my he looked like a man close to death and I'd had a friend who had been very close to death at one time pinned between two pieces of machinery and when he got dropped out even though he didn't have a beard of maybe just a day old beard but his beard stuck out prickly and brother Brandham's beard my beard we had about a 4-day beard or a weak beard and his beard was just sticking out like prickles and I thought He looks like he's near death. And just then, Brother Brandham rolled his head slowly back like this. Said, "Brother Eddie, I guess he's come to me 10,000 times 10,000. It's every time the same. It's just like I could die." And he those words had just gone out of his mouth. And I was caught in the silence of the moment. We were going around a curve in the highway and there stood a big bull moose in the middle of the road. I said, "Brother Brandon, there's a moose." We were about 400 yards. His voice remained very heavy and thick. He said, "It's all right, Brother Eddie. You'll you'll get him. He's yours. You You'll get him. Just get your gun and your shells." I had my gun in my hand and my shells were right here. I said, "I'm ready. I'll take them now." cuz that was 400 yd, 300 yards. That's where average distance we would shoot a moose. He said, and he kept driving right up at the same speed. And I said, "Stop, Brother Bam. Stop. I'll take him now." He's up 200 yards. He goes up to about 100 yards. I said, "Stop, Brother Bam." Cuz he's going to run off the highway. And he's just standing there big bull moose standing there broadside looking at us with those horns out like this right in the middle of the road. And I said, "Stop, Brother Brandham. stop. He drove up to about 90 ft is what I paced out. Not yards, but 90 ft from this animal, stopped the car. I got out and when I looked through my four power scope, all I saw was hair. And so I had to move my gun around to even get an image of his body. I got the top of his back and brought it down just off his back, pulled the trigger. Only time in my life that happened. Only time in my life I actually saw the bullet enter. Saw the hair go poof like that and saw the bullet enter. And then I thought I hope he doesn't drop cuz if he drops he's right on a null. A car will come over have an accident have big trouble. And he started to walk. He walked. He walked down a little depression of a ditch. Then I thought we haven't got room for him in brother Brandham's station wagon. I'll have to come back for him. I hope he doesn't drop here in the ditch. I hope he doesn't drop in the clearing cuz somebody's going to steal him. And he just kept walking, walking. He just began to went into the little brush. There was two huge windfalls on an angle like this. He stepped over those two windfalls and fell totally hidden right behind those two windfalls. You know, these things were just so remarkable. So, we dressed him out, kind of cleaned our hands off on the grass, went back probably an hour and a half or so later and got in the station wagon. Brother Brandham started to just started to move and immediately it was uh completely a different atmosphere and presence. everything. It was like that brother Bram talks about emerald green. It was everything was so tranquil, so quiet peace beyond the word peace. It was just something that was permeating the whole air. It was a totally different presence. Brother Brandham said, "Brother Eddie, every time he comes, something good happens." &gt;&gt; And I thought, "How wonderful that was for us." &gt;&gt; My wife's I'm going to close now because we won't get this done in in this time and in eternity. We won't need to say it all. We'll just rejoice about it. But I I'll I'll anchor a couple things in your mind. My wife's daddy had a massive heart attack and the main artery to his heart had ruptured and he was bleeding inside. Uh I had to fly her to his bedside. The family could only be with him 10 day 10 minutes out of a day and he could not speak and he held there and hung on a thread for five weeks in an oxygen tent. And then she had to come home because we had our children and they had started school and so on. and uh he he seemed to hang on and he came out of hospital but he couldn't go at any moment. She wanted to talk to brother Brandham about him in July. That happened in about April. She wanted to talk she'd set up the meetings and helped me with the meetings and played the piano and so on and uh now we the last three meetings were over in Victoria and I'm at the motel and I'm saying my farewells to brother Brandham. Sister Brandham was inside with the children and it's just Brother Brandham and myself here and we're in kind of the lights the evening lights and my wife is standing off in the shadows a little distance letting us have our conversation and I was saying well brother Brenam have a safe journey and perhaps we'll see you you know in uh this fall again and yes brother Eddie and uh you know you take care of yourself and so on. Then he just turned around like this. He says, "By the way, Sister Biscll, your father will be all right." &gt;&gt; That's all the words that were spoken. He lived 18 years &gt;&gt; and never he lived till he was 84 years. Never died sick. Just a day and a half or so before he went, checked himself into the hospital. Never had another heart attack. Seven years later, his own doctor, who was his close friend, examined him and said, "Wes, if I had not been the doctor here when they brought you in, and if I had not examined you, I could never have told you'd had that kind of a heart attack." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I'll tell you something now that is a little more current and and this brings it up to date for a lot of the people. All these many many years later, I was in Finland and uh there's an elderly sister in the meeting. This elderly sister, she went to visit an aged woman in a senior citizen's home. While she's there visiting this woman, another lady who's visiting comes over to her, says, "Seems I know you from someplace." She said, "Well, I I don't recognize you." So they begin to swap stories and uh turned out yes they had known each other and been 35 or 36 years since they'd seen each other. So now they wanted to rehearse what are you doing in your family and all of this and so on. And then after a while the conversation became spiritual to the spiritual side. Oh, uh, you know, you're going to church. And this woman says, "Yes, yes, I go to a Pentecostal church and, uh, and and about you." She said, "Well, I I go to a little church that we follow the ministry of Brother Brandham." The message that Brother Brandham brought. Oh. She said, "Brother Brham?" She said, "What do you remember he was here in Finland?" Yeah. She said, "Of course I remember he was here in Finland." Said, "Well, do you remember hearing about the boy that was raised from the dead?" Oh, yes, certainly. We remember that because all the believers know that she said it was my husband that drove the car that killed the boy. &gt;&gt; And this then brother Matty Honkinan who's a voice of God representative in Finland right now. Brother Mattie Honan got that woman on the telephone because I wanted to go to her town about 150 kilometers away and actually video her testimony through an interpreter, but she felt too nervous to be in front of a camera. She said maybe again at another time and that another time never did come. But uh but we you hear all about the boy that was raised from the dead. Now, Brother Biscll has been through an interpreter speaking to her on a telephone. Amen. &gt;&gt; And a man comes to my house from Finland after that and we invited him to our home for Christmas dinner. And while we're having Christmas dinner, he picks out his billfold like so. He takes out a picture of this little boy that's in the Voice of Healing magazine and he held it out in front of me. Said, "You've seen this picture before?" I said, "Yes, that's the boy that was raised from the dead in Finland." "Yes." Yes. He said, "It's true." Not only that, he said, "I just visited him. He's a policeman. He's a policeman for the highway patrol." And he I said, "How is he?" He said, "He wants everybody to know that he's very h healthy and he's very happy." And he just says, "Praise God." So, I thought that that is certainly worthwhile that you're able to hear those things. It's not just 40 years ago, 30 years ago, but it's right here, right now. And I'll say this in closing. This testimony which is incomplete and you can certainly see why because it's ongoing. I feel as though I would like to leave you with this thought. We each one have been entrusted with a most in incredibly valuable something that God saw fit to do in our time and commit here's my thought and committed this message into our hands. Amen. &gt;&gt; I feel that there's others that were perhaps more worthy and I don't know why he allowed us to be those people. &gt;&gt; But we truly have been given true riches. &gt;&gt; And God has actually entrusted you and trusted you with the fulfillment of this word. And you're going to carry it out from here to the rapture. Amen. &gt;&gt; Wherever that might be, let's just thank him. &gt;&gt; Dear heavenly father, &gt;&gt; these things have been said that you might be glorified. It would take as it did as I sat sat and listened to brother Brennham that night at that table supper hours long. Lord, it just seemed that we were uh so captivated, so riveted in our seats as we listened. And the people here today, Lord, they've been patient with me and they have sat and listened with such attentive hearts. I pray that wherever this video or tape or testimony may go, that it may be understood and not misunderstood. and that I am publicly thanking you for the opportunity of having shared, oh God, some of these experiences. And I pray it will give the young people an understanding that they'll be able to go and and when they testify of this message, they'll say, "I heard it out of a witness's mouth. I heard these things live and I don't have to guess about it. I know that they are true. I know the boys raised in Finland and I know that these visions were fulfilled. I know people were delivered and healed. And furthermore, I know that a message has been sent. Oh, transforming light. This transforming power. How how glorious it is. And I pray, oh God, that visited us through a pillar of fire, revealing yourself through the son of man. And I ask, oh Lord, that you will reveal yourself to each individual. As we come now near to the the closing of these services, I pray that everyone will have something that they have been able to tuck away in their heart. I pray, Lord, they will not leave as they came. I'm asking that any that came with heavy hearts may now have already well been delivered. I pray that those that came sickly and afflicted will have had that touch, that touch of virtue, and that they will be free, set free. I ask that you'll bless all the officers and all the ministers, Lord, and Brother Jeff as he's sought to labor and has labored diligently and hard. The song leaders, oh God, and all that have participated, those musicians and those who sang and caused us to be happy. Those that have been on the sound equipment have done such a fine job. Lord, on the video cameras and the sisters that labored in the kitchen. Oh Lord, we just can't wait. Oh God, till we're together someday and can sit down and express our appreciation for one another. And until then, Lord, until then, may our hearts burn with fervor and zeal for the kingdom of God. In Jesus Christ's name, I commit these words to you and these people for your glory, Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Bless you, brother. &gt;&gt; Hope that wasn't too long, brother. [Applause]
