################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-06 - 'Kings and Priests' - Bro. Tim Pruitt - Friday June 6 , 2025 - Tim Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-06
Title:    'Kings and Priests' - Bro. Tim Pruitt - Friday June 6 , 2025
Speaker:  Tim Pruitt
Church:   True Word Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 58m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXbvYhpq9bQ
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I can't see. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Success. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] 3. 2. [Music] You [Music] can't. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. I just feel Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hey, I don't [Music] search forever. I will bless your holy [Music] name. I [Music] adore you. I adore you. Lamb of God, my savior, prince of peace, I adore you. I adore you, Jesus. You mean all the world to me. I adore you, [Music] Lord. You saw me. You saw me in my need. You paid the price for me. And through your love, I have been set free. Now I am not the same. You took my sin and shame. Forever I will bless your holy name. I adore you. [Music] Oh lamb of God, my savior the peace I adore you. Oh Jesus, you mean all the world to me. Oh, I adore you, Lord. I adore you. I [Music] adore. Yes, I adore you. Lamb of God, my savior. Prince of peace. [Music] Oh, I adore you, Jesus. Jesus, you are. Oh, I adore you, Lord. Blessed [Music] asssurance. Jesus is mine. He's been my fourth man in the fire time after time. Born of his spirit. washed in his blood. What he did and what he did for me and Calvary is more than enough. Oh, I trust in God. Let's stand tonight. [Music] who will never [Music] fail. He will never fail. I trust I trust in God my savior. The one who will never [Music] fail. He will never fail. Perfect submission. All is at rest. All is at rest. I know the author of tomorrow has ordered my stand. This is so this is my story. This is this is my song. I'm praising my peace all the day long. Oh yes. I trust in God. I see the one who [Music] will he will never fail. Oh, I trust in God. Yes, Lord. My s Oh, who will never never he will never fail. Oh, I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust him. I sought the Lord and heard. Aren't you glad to see? Hallelujah. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. Oh, that's why I That's why I trusted. I saw the Lord. Yes, Lord. answer. I saw the Lord and heard and answered. I saw the Lord and heard that's why I trust him. That's why I trust in God my savior. The one who will [Music] never He will never fail. [Music] I trust I trust in God my savior who will [Music] never never fail. He will never fail. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. He's never failed us and he never will. Praise him, Father. Thank you, Jesus. We worship you tonight in this place, Lord. The unf family God. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. God can never fail. And guess what? You can never fail. Who's dwelling in you tonight? Amen. Oh, this coat will fail. This man will fail, but you can never fail. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah to the lamb. Sing it now. Hallelujah to the lamb. that was slain upon a tree by his stripes with his blood. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, hallelujah to the [Music] lamb of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah to the hallelujah. Hallelujah. We worship you, oh God. Oh, and was slain [Music] upon the [Music] tree. Oh, by his stripes I am healed with his blood. [Music] Hallelujah to the land of God. By his stripes, oh by his stripes, I claim it tonight with his blood. Hallelujah. To the lamb of God. Can we sing that again? By his stripes. Amen. Yes, Lord. with his [Music] name of God. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let's go to the Lord in prayer tonight. Brother David, could you come forward? Lead us in prayer. Brother David Dearian, nice to have you and Sister Biola here tonight. Amen. Nice to have you. Open our service in prayer. Brother David, God bless you, saints. Let's pray. Father God, we just come before you tonight, Father, just as humbly as we know how. Father, just thank you for health and strength. Father, thank you for what you did another day. Father, we just thank you that you never leave us, Father. We just ask you to just come into the service right now. Father, just bless the song service. Just bless the man of God. Father, we just do everything in the name of Jesus. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] Amen. Welcome all of our guests here this evening and all that have come for this service. May the Lord bless you. We're looking unto the Lord tonight. Amen. And come with expectation in our hearts for every need. All things are possible. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats tonight. What a fellowship. What a joy divine leaning on the everlasting on. What a blessedness. What a piece my leaning on. everlasting on where I'm [Applause] leading safe and secure from all. [Applause] Oh, how sweet to walk in this building on. Oh, how bright the path grows from day to day. Leaning on the everlasting. Oh yes, I'm lean leaning on Jesus. Leaning on Jesus save. Oh yes. I'm leaning leaning on Jesus. Leaning leaning on everlasting on. And what have I? What am I feeling on everlasting arrest? [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Lord, I lean. Leaning on Jesus. Leaning on Jesus. Safe and secure. Well, I'm leaning away. Well, I need Well, he's wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to me. Counselor, Prince of Peace, mighty God is he keeping me from sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Yes, he's wonderful. Oh, Jesus is to me. Counelor, prince of peace. My God is he is my redeemer. Oh my heart sings today. sinks for joy and gladness. Jesus says satisfies my sadness. Guilt is gone. Amen. He's to the river. Jesus is wonderful, mighty to be. Well, he's he's Oh, Jesus is to me counselor, prince of peace. Will you save me? Keeping me from sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. They will once a slave. Now I'm free. Free from condemnation. Jesus gave liberty. Now the sins of my past and my name is God on the verse. I'm living here with my Lord in a holy union day by day all the way. Holy sweet communion over the chain in my lonely station since my soul has received full. He's wonderful. Oh Jesus is to me counselor prince of peace. Oh, he's saved me, keeping me from all sin. Wonderful is my redeemer praise. Well, he's so wonderful. Wonderful. Amen. Oh, counselor, prince of [Music] peace. Oh, he's saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is in the [Music] great. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats, brother Isaac McLaren, if you come sing for us at this time. Then we'll ask Sister Bethany and sister Lily and sister Roa to come sing tonight. So, let's enjoy these songs before we go into the word tonight. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Bless. I've been there in the lowest of times. I've had questions in my mind. I've been scared. But I know that I have a savior. Amen. Who knows right where I am and hears my prayers. And in the midst of all the problems and burdens of this life, I will call upon the one who can get me through the night. And Lord, hold my hand in the middle of my storms when I'm sinking down. Help me to stand when the waves are crashing round. May I keep my eyes on you? Cuz you're the only one who can help me get through the middle of my storms. I don't know how the story will end. And I didn't see the sin in the plans you had for [Music] me. But I [Music] know that I can trust in the one who's working all things for my good. Though I may not know the answers till I reach the other side, I will keep my eyes on Jesus. Till my faith becomes sight. And Lord, hold my hand in the middle of my storm. When I'm sinking down, Lord, help me to stand. When the waves are crashing round, may I keep my eyes on you. Cuz Lord, you're the only one who can help me get through the middle of my storms. Lord, you're greater than the problems, greater than my fears. You are greater than my weakness and greater than my tears. You will never let me down. You are here with me right now. And Lord, hold my hand in the middle of my storms. When I'm sinking down, Lord, help me to stand. when the waves are crashing round. May I keep my eyes on you cuz you're the only one who can help me get through. Oh, you are the only one who can help me get through the middle of my storms. [Music] [Applause] I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Yes, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I lift my hands. I bow my knees to worship at your throne. [Music] I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right [Applause] now. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right [Applause] now. I lift my hands. I need to worship. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] We all have stories that we can tell how he's been faithful and he's never failed. It might sound different, but they're all the same. A testimony of amazing grace. So we lift our hands and we say for goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. So we bless your name and we shout your praise. Oh goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. It stays the same. It won't change. Your goodness and mercy. I have my story that I can tell. How Jesus found me and saved me from myself. gave me the victory and he's not through and what he's done for me he'll do for you. So we lift our hands and we say amen for goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. So we bless your name and we shout your praise for goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. It stays the same. It won't change. Your goodness and [Music] mercy. Singing [Applause] [Music] halleluah. I will dwell in the house of the Lord. Singing [Music] [Applause] hallelujah now and forever more. So we lift our hands and we say for goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. We bless your name and we shout your praise on goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. So we live. So we lift our hands and we say amen. For goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. So we bless your name and we shout your praise for goodness and mercy. goodness and mercy, it stays the same. It won't change. Your goodness and mercy, your goodness and mercy, your goodness and mercy. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yes, sir. Hey, praise the Lord. Thank you for his goodness and mercy. What a tremendous time to be in the house of the Lord tonight. And he's been so good to us. Amen. And give us such grace. Amen. to come in here on a Friday night, see everyone come out and fellowship around the word of the Lord, knowing that the Holy Spirit has made a promise to us tonight that wherever two or three are gathered in my name, there that I'll be in the midst of them. One thing we know for certain is wherever he is, something wonderful is about to take place. Amen. And God has got a God has got a blessing in store for us tonight. And Amen. And the word of God is Amen. has been has been uh brought forth in this age. And I know that it it'll be a a tremendous time tonight in the Lord. And amen, we we certainly want to thank every every one of the visitors that is here tonight. And you that have come out, we say God bless you. And amen, it's a real honor. Amen. Brother Ron and Sister Connie to be here tonight as well. And amen, he'll be speaking for us tomorrow night. And um we're going to go ahead tonight and announce this so you'll be ready for it tomorrow night. We're going to we're going to have a prayer line at the end of the service tomorrow night. So, if you know someone that's sick and having need, they they don't have to believe exactly like us, but you just bring them on and get them right here in this prayer line. And we'll we'll ask God to prove himself among us as he has made a promise that we're the where the believers are. There'll be a sign of laying on the hands and miracles of God will happen among them. Because you know, this message we preach is not a dead letter. No. Amen. And you know, uh I know the church, if if you're visiting, we we are a little noisy here. Praise God. Uh but but I'll say this, some noises, uh this just noise. But this ain't just noisy. This is a powerful church. There's a power behind what's happening in this building. The power of the Holy Spirit to move. And if you surrender your heart tonight and you love the Lord Jesus, just make it home tonight, you're in our gates, and just be at home tonight and love him and serve him and give him all your praise and adoration and as he come to the word of the Lord and we'll just we'll just be so glad that you was able to be a part of of the word tonight. Uh I uh Amen. Just as we as just going to call our brother Tim Puit to come tonight, he's going to be speaking for us. We certainly are highly honored that he would take time to come here to True Word Tabernacle and uh he has a church at home. He's got a large assembly. He has a lot of responsibilities. uh he don't need any place to preach, but he's took grace and come here tonight to dedicate these few moments to to true word to you believers that he'd be able to speak something to be a help to you. And I I personally have been listening to brother Tim preach since I was a little boy. First time I remember we figured it up. I think I was about three years old when he came in and preached in Arkansas in that little church. And all I remembered is that guy in that cast sure could preach. I was a little boy. I remember he preached the house down the fire of God be to fall. And all the years uh that we've known brother Tim and fellowship with him. I call him my drinking buddy. We we get together, we get drunk in the anointing and we slobber and dance and praise God and because we believe in that kind of thing. We believe in that kind of thing. Amen. Uh you know, I uh I'll say there's one one thing that has been a tremendous a tremendous blessing through the years. Brother Tim's a word preacher, but he is not just a one-sided uh preacher, not just the word only, but he believes in the dynamics. Praise God. You know, and I certainly believe tonight that the gospel that God has delivered to the church in the end time is a gospel of power. Uh when you're when you were in school and brother Earl, they they learned you early that energy is given to you in two different forms. And one of them energies is called potential energy. It's that's kind of why you get a little heavy. You get it's a lot of potential. You know, you eat food. You eat food and it stores in and it is potential energy. But the energy you use that is acting energy is called kinetic. And the message of the hour is kinetic. It's not potential alone. It has a power in it. And I believe that the power of this gospel can change your life. If you come in this building tonight and you do not have to leave like he came. Amen. You can leave. You can leave it under the inspiration of the anointing of God and bless him. And I I certainly believe tonight that uh brother Tim as he would come. I I I want to give him full liberty. I want him to let that let that anointing loose. And Amen. There's a Joshua on the inside. Brother Bram said that and Joshua used the sword of the word to fight. So if we pull on that gift and the Joshua in him gets a hold of that sword. Amen. It'll take a hold of every spirit that's binding you, it'll cut the church loose. They'll have a freedom like they've never had. There'll be healings that'll happen in this meeting tonight. People will walk away from here and they'll say, "Oh my, wouldn't it so powerful when the word was coming across us and setting us free?" Amen. I I certainly I certainly uh want to make welcome the man of God tonight and most definitely want to make welcome the one that's on the inside of him. Won't you stand to your feet with us tonight as as he would come. Amen. Brother uh being there is a song uh we used to sing that he's all I need. Now he is everything you need tonight. You may think there's something else you need, but he's the one. That's what you need. Won't you invite him right now? [Music] Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. [Applause] He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. Praise the Lord. He is all I need. He is all I need. Jesus is all that I need. He is all I need. He's all I [Music] need. Jesus is all I need. If you have a need tonight, raise your hand to God and let's just take it to him. Father, we are your children and we have gathered in your name tonight. We're so thankful for the grace that is on our lives. For your mercy that endures forever, for the power of the gospel that has lifted us up out of sin and made us sons and daughters of God. We're asking Lord for your anointing tonight to come Lord that you would just speak to hearts and lives and you reveal yourself through the word God that as the scripture is open that you'll just step forth from them to the hearts of your children tonight. Bring healing and deliverance. Bring salvation. Lord, bring the the the Holy Spirit so real that people are just saturated with your presence. Lord, that when we would leave from here, Lord, that we would be able to say we have been in the presence of the almighty God. We're asking your blessings, Lord, upon us today. Oh God, your grace upon these lives, these hands that went up before you, Lord, no matter how weak of faith we are, we look not at our faith, we look at your divine promise. And I ask, Lord, that you'll reach further down than what we can reach up and you'll lift us up out of the situations we are in and bring a deliverance to your children. Lord, I want to thank you for this church. I want to thank you for his pastors, Lord, the ministers that are here. And I know there's quite a number of them. Lord, I I pray you'll bless each one. May each one, Lord, be anointed with a with a higher burning of the lick of fire that they have in their lives. May they be ignited by the gospel of peace. Lord, impress the battle all the way to the end. Lord, those that are weary and feeble and Lord, low in their spirits, will you just lift them up tonight? We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Amen. It's so good to be here together with you to today. And I think while you're standing, I'm just going to go ahead and read a scripture. And then if you don't mind being this first service, I'll just take a few minutes and talk with you just a few minutes. And and uh but anyway, in Hebrews chapter 5 and verse 5 said, "So also Christ glorified not himself to be made an high priest, but he that said unto him, thou art my son, today I have begotten thee." as he sat also in another place, thou art a priest forever after the order of Melzdc. Amen. Who in the days of his flesh, when he had offered up prayers and supplications, with strong crying and tears unto him that was able to save him from death, and was heard in that which he that he feared, though he were a son, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered. And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him. Yes. Called of God and high priest after the order of Mechazdc. Amen. God bless you. Can be seated. Amen. I certainly glad to be here tonight and be able to share these moments with you this weekend and looking forward to the presence of the Lord. Good to be with my friend, Brother Ron Spencer. Amen. Here again. And as you know, we've just had some uh great trials yet great victories along the road. And Amen. the Lord's been with him every step of the way. His grace is so great upon us. And I just want to say I I so appreciate the ministry here, Brother Ray Ericson. He's been a friend of mine a long, long time. and and a faithful servant of God. Brother Wayne Lawson is a dynamic minister of this gospel with a supernatural touch to his ministry. And and of course, Brother Nathan Ericson was just with us not too long ago, just a few weeks ago. And I tell you what, you're a blessed people. You are tremendously blessed to have just not just ministry, but the quality of ministry that you have. Amen. You're so very blessed. I don't know if you know how blessed you are, but God's grace is great on you and we thank God for that. And you know, recently you had a a homegoing of a a great pioneer of this message and that was brother Samuel Johnson. And uh you know I know he was up in Michigan there but uh you know his the effects of his ministry has reached way down and it and it even touched my life and um you know he you know back you know back in the um many years ago back in the '9s actually I I had a I had a dream where I saw several prominent ministers pass off the scene and one of them was brother Samuel Johnson. And um in this dream that I I saw people, you know, gathered around him as he was being sent off and and was leaving and they were singing like an ode to him of of all the great deeds that he did to the Lord. And and I I thought about, you know, your recent um memorial services for him. And uh no doubt great testimonies of the great missionary works and mission works tapes after cassette tapes that were sent around the world and books that was shared and the message you know we thank God for those pioneers. You know I believe that not only did you give him a great send off here but I believe it was a warm welcome there in heaven for him. Amen. And as he entered there, I'm sure that he was gathered around by many of the believers on the other side. And you know, I you know, I've um I'm not as young as what I used to be. Uh and um I've passed a milestone this this past year in September and turned 70. Don't tell nobody. But I'm just a few years older than Brother Ron here. But um yeah, lead him out by about seven, I think. But anyway, I've got an old friend over there, Brother Johnny Green. I heard your voice back there. I said, "That's got to be Johnny Green." So I heard you back there. God bless you, man. That you know, just to be together with God's wonderful people, it's it's such a privilege. Recently, I had a dream not too long ago. I I I dreamed that I went to heaven and I stood before the entrance waiting to enter through those big gates there and and an angel went and um got the book to see if I could come in and he opened up the books and it was like he took and run his fingers down the record looking for something and and he must have found my name because When he found my name, he looked back and turned to me and said, "It's not your time to come here." And he then he told me, he said, "You must go back." And he gave me instructions that I was to rest more. And he added, "Don't be angry." Well, I I was really puzzled about this meeting. You know, I So, I just thought I would do what it said. I went to a cabin on a lake and I rested and for about 3 days and I watched the waves come in and I felt the breeze and you know contemplated on what I was told to do. I I said well I I didn't really know I needed to rest like this but I guess I did. And after a few days I returned back home and I was still contemplating on what that dream might mean. And as I was meditating and praying more about it, I I realized it wasn't physical rest I needed, but it's resting on the promise. It's meditating on what God said in his holy book. And then resting on every promise, knowing this, that Jesus never fails. Or he said, "Heavens and earth will pass away, but my word will not fail." And that's what we must do in life. It's we we must enter into rest and and that means don't get anxious about things. Don't get worried and don't get fearful and don't be afraid. God's got this. You know, rest is when we're not frustrated and discouraged and angry, but we're just patiently waiting for the promise to be fulfilled. Amen. You know, we all go through life's journeys and we all have our different trials and I suffered loss. I buried my heart when I buried my wife for 45 years and and uh this is would been our 50th year now. And we had a wonderful marriage and four beautiful children and 10 lovely grandchildren and you know Karen Sister Karen had a brain bleed and blood was filling her head and it was making hard for her to communicate. Um, and we had our last talk together in the ER of the hospital. And as we shared our thoughts with each other and I held her hand and I said, "You know, we've had 45 years of a wonderful marriage together and I have no regrets." And she said, "Yes, Tim. I have no regrets. I've had a wonderful life and I'm ready to meet the Lord. No regrets. That's wonderful words to conclude life. You know, it's hard walking alone and sometimes it's really easy to get upset and angry about where we find ourselves in life. But really, why get angry? We are so blessed. So instead of being angry, I focusing on my blessings. God help me as I follow his instruction of not being angry but just resting on his promise. You see, the world we live in, they have a mistaken view of of what it means to rest. Rest isn't going on vacation. It's not getting eight hours of sleep. You know, Jesus said, "Come unto me and I'll give you rest." You see, rest is really an active exchange. Your burden, his rest. So the world says that true rest is just complete disengagement from everything. But Jesus said rest is complete engagement. So engagement with the person of Jesus Christ for he is your restgiver. He is your burdenbearer. So you cast your cares on him for he carth for you. You humble yourself under the mighty hand of God and he will lift you up. So I that's why I come to the Lord saying, "Jesus, I just humble myself. I cast my cares on you. You care for me. I can't do all this by myself, but Lord, I want to make an exchange my burden for your rest." And if you can only realize in your situation whether you've had a death notice of cancer or you've had a bad wicked past or whether you've been abused or mistreated or just stop for a minute and rest on his promise. Say yeah God knew about this all about it and this is the path he has used to bring me to him. So oh God let me find rest in all of your promises. Amen. Don't you want to do that? If you'll look with me to Revelation 5 and verse one, we'll go into the scripture. You're such a nice people and a wonderful congregation to talk to and I could spend a lot of time doing that, but let's just go to the word. Revelation 5 and verse one. And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written and on the backside sealed with seven seals. And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice who is worthy to open the book and to loose the seals thereof. And no man in heaven nor in earth, neither under the earth was able to open the book, neither to look thereon. And I wept much because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look thereon. And one of the elders said unto me, "Weep not, behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, have prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof." And I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne, and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders stood a lamb, as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God, sent forth into all the earth. And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne. When he had taken the book, the four beasts and the four and 20 elders fell down before the lamb, having every one of them harps and golden vials full of odors, which are the prayers of the saints. And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the seals thereof, for thou was slain, and has redeemed us to God by thy blood. out of every kindred and tongue and people and nation, and hath made us unto our gods, kings and priests. And we shall reign on the earth. Amen. Amen. I'm going to speak to you tonight on kings and priests. You know what you're seeing here is Jesus in the priest king office of Melzdc. That's what's in Revelation 5. And you can see and kind of understand why it's so important for us to know who is this MelzDC. So that we could see his continued work as a priest. You know, the call was for a worthy man, but it couldn't be any man. You see, it would have to be a man that was actually called in the order of MelzDC, who was both priest and king. And in the structure of the Old Testament, as God dealt with Israel, the priesthood was of the tribe of Levi. And no one could come and and just decide, I'm going to be a priest. You know, I I'm a Jew. I'm an Israelite. I I'll be a priest, too. No. You know, even if he was a Hebrew and a bonafideed seed of Abraham, only one of the tribe of Levi could be a priest. you know, and you couldn't mix the offices. So, if you were a priest in Israel, you could not you was not of the kingline. And if you was a king, you could not operate as a priest. But there was a king in 2 Chronicles, which was Josiah and he was a a great king and successful and powerful king. But when he became strong, there was pride that lifted up in in his heart and it led to his downfall. He entered into the temple of the Lord to burn the incense on the altar. Something that was reserved strictly for the priests, the sons of Aaron. And Aariah the priest and and there was 80 other courageous priests. They confronted him, tried to stop him, and and Uzziah became angry. And at that moment, leprosy broke out on his forehead, and he had to live in isolation till the day he died. And this is a vivid reminder of the danger of stepping outside of God's divine order, especially in worship and in priestly function. But you see, a priest in the order of Melzdc, he could be a priest and a king because you see when when um Abraham met him, he was king of Salem and priest of the most high God. And so in that line, they could be both priest and kings. And when John looked to see this lion, he didn't see a lion. He saw a lamb. And that lamb was representing God's priesthood. And the intercessory work which he continues even in the tribulation now, not for the Gentiles, but for the Jews. For he is lamb, redeemer, intercessor. Even when that's all finished for the Gentiles and he turns to Israel, then for the Gentiles, of course, he that is filthy be filthy still. He that's holy be holy still. He that's righteous be righteous still. But still his role even in the tribulation period will be the role of the lamb. Amen. And he will not only do that in the role of the lamb, but if you if you'll watch it, it's even in that he will do not only his intercessory work working with the Jews, but he will also continue on with with his avenging work as he is a kinsman avenger. And so it's the wrath of the lamb that is poured out in the tribulation. Amen. So you see intercessory consent continues all the way to the white throne. and judgment. And on the other side, on the other side, the millennium all the way through the millennium, it's it is still the lamb that is working now. And of course, then he will show himself as king as he reigns with his bride in the great millennial reign, showing himself as son of David. But even now, the intercessory power of the blood is what we overcome Satan by. There is no other way that we can we can overcome except by the blood of the lamb. For as the bride of sins, Satan is cast down and they overcome him by the blood of the lamb and by the word of his testimony. Amen. Now, by the blood of the lamb, that means because of or on account of or by the virtue of that blood being shed. Had not that blood been shed, Satan's accusations would have been unanswerable. Amen. But but as it is, that blood meets every charge against us. Amen. And as long as we are in this fleshly body, we need the intercession of the blood of the intercessory lamb. Amen. And John hears that the lamb of the tribe of Judah or the lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed to open the book. And he turns to look to see this lion. Yeah. And he sees a lamb. I think that's so wonderful because when he looks at him, he doesn't see him before a throne of judgment. right? No, he doesn't see him as a judge with condemnation, but he sees him as a lamb, as a mediator, as an intercessor, and he had been slain and punished and judged as one who had taken his punishment. Amen. Hallelujah. So he said he has redeemed us to God by every blood by by that blood out of every kindred tongue and people and nation and has made us under our God kings and priest and we shall reign on the earth. Brother Brandham captured this thought as he spoke on the church ages and and he he says that that and he made it clear that we are called to be priests with him. Of course, not in the order of Aaron because we would have to be an Israelite of the tribe of Levi to do that, but in the order of Melzdc who is both priest and king. And so in Revelation 1 and 16 and he said, "And he hath made us kings and priests unto God and his father, and to him be glory and dominion forever and ever." Amen. Hallelujah. You can remember this from the church age book when brother Brandham expounded. He hath made us. Did you catch it? He hath made us. Not man, not some preacher, not religion, not your works, not your efforts. He did it. God made you kings and priests. This is his doing. Salvation is not what we earned. It is something that heaven declared over us. I have made you this. And I tell you, when God makes you something, ain't no devil in hell can take it out of you. Salvation is of the Lord. And it's not a patchup job. It's It's a complete transformation. He didn't just forgive you. He redefined you. He gave you a new identity. Amen. He made you something the world can't understand. Hallelujah. You are a new creation and you are a brand new species. Hallelujah. He has redeemed us by his blood. He brought us with a purpose. And that purpose is not to blend in with Babylon and the confusion out here, but to reign and to minister as kings and priests. Amen. Romans 5:17 said, "Thou which receive abundance of grace and the gift of righteousness shall reign in life by one Jesus Christ." Notice what he said. We that have received grace. And the gift of righteousness, we shall reign. Reign. Rule. Are you with me? We're not waiting for a crown someday. We're wearing spiritual crowns right now. You should know that because in Revelation 4:10, the bride of the Old and New Testament, represented by the 4 and 24 elders, there they fall down before him that sat on the throne and worshiped him that lived forever and cast their crowns before the throne. Amen. So, we are already presently right now crowned kings positioned in power and authority. crowned with the Holy Ghost. That's who we are. We reign in life. Yes, sir. Over sin. Over shame, over the lies of the enemy, over our past, even over our future. We reign. Amen. You are not a slave to your past. You are a king in the now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Colossians 1:13 says, "Who hath delivered us from the power of darkness and hath translated us into the kingdom." Amen. Into the kingdom of his dear son. He didn't just pull you out of darkness. He placed you in the kingdom. Amen. Amen. And you've been translated, transformed, transplanted, placed, positioned into a kingdom that cannot be shaken. Hallelujah. Amen. And the kingdom can't be shaken. You can't be shaken out of it. You don't belong to the world, you belong to the king. You don't walk like the world. You don't think like the world. You don't talk like the world. You don't bow to the world. You live in a higher realm. That's who you are. You have dominion. Yes, sir. Not someday. Right now, dominion over sin. Dominion over fear. Dominion over depression. Amen. Dominion over lust. Dominion over the flesh. Dominion over the prince of of darkness. Come on. You are people of dominion. You are to walk in dominion. Amen. And he's made us priest. Yes, sir. Oh, yes. You're not just royalty. You're holy royalty. A priestly king. Amen. You're not just sitting on the throne. You're standing at the altar as a priest. Amen. You offer up sacrifices of praise. You offer your life like a sweet smell of incense before the throne. Your lips are sanctified. Come on. Amen. Your prayers are heard. Your intercession is powerful. Because you are a priest unto your God. God has made you a priest. And in fact, your effectual, fervent prayer avaleth much before God. For the prayer of faith will save the sick and God will raise them up. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. 1 Peter 2:9 said, "But you are a chosen generation." That word really means offspring. You're a chosen offspring, a royal priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people. Amen. Not no wonder the world doesn't appear to us. We've seen something greater. Amen. We are peculiar, not because we're strange. A lot of people try to act odd. You don't have to act odd to be a Christian. We're not peculiar because we're strong, but because we're marked, we're sealed. We're separated. We're set apart. We are filled. We're commissioned. Amen. And maybe that's why some think us to be strange because we're not of this world. We're totally unworldly. That's right. Amen. We're from another realm and we got dominion over the flesh, the world, and the devil. And what do kings do? They rule. They take dominion. What the priests do? They minister. They intercede. Right. And there's power in intercession. In as much as Paul says in Romans 8 says the spirit will take over your voice, making intercessions with groanings that cannot be uttered. And what do sons and daughters of God do? They reflect his glory. They walk in his image. Amen. And as priests, they carry his holy fire as light in the darkness. And as kings, they take dominion over hell itself. Amen. And I'm telling you right now, it's your it's your place as a king to take dominion, to exercise control over the kingdom God has given you. You're sons and daughters of the great king. You carry the name of Jesus Christ to which every knee has to bow and every tongue has to confess that he is Lord, supreme ruler over all. Yes, sir. Glory to God. No wonder we're zealous into good works. We've been recreated in Christ Jesus. What for? To reflect the nature of our father. So don't walk like a per when you're wearing a crown. Come on. Don't go through the world stoed over and bowed down and bent down and worried and frustrated and moaning like a slave. You've been seated together in heavenly places. Amen. You got to quit that slave mentality and put off the garments of slavery. You're not slaves anymore. [Applause] Amen. You were slaves, but not no more. Originally, you weren't a slave either. You were God's children and royalty before the world began, but sin captured you and led you out and took you into bondage. But you are now free from that. Hallelujah. You know, Israel, when they were freed from bondage, one of the first things they did was put off the garments of their slavery. [Music] Yes, sir. Amen. They put off the garments of their slavery. The Bible said they went out with a high hand. Oh, brother, you better you you think something now. You better watch us when we leave from here. We're not going out of here decrepit and defeated. Come on. We're going out of here with a high hand. Amen. Oh, and he says in Exodus 19:5, "Then you shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people, for all the earth is mine, and you shall be to me a kingdom of priest." Amen. And a holy nation. That's what he's called us to be. Amen. So don't let your lips go silent when you've been called to lift up holy hands and declare the glory of your king. To him be glory and dominion and power forever and ever. So we you know let us as priests minister before his altar. Let us as kings stand as agents of his throne. Let us as sons speak with authority. That's right. Knowing our position and knowing we have been placed. God sent a message in this day to position you to place you to adopt you as sons to put you in position. assumption where you know who you are and you know where you come from and you know where you're going. You know your heritage and you know you know what your inheritance is. The crown is on your head. The fire of the Holy Ghost in your soul. The throne room is calling. Hallelujah. It says come on. Come on to the throne room. You're a king. He hath made us unto our God, kings and priests. To do what? Offer sacrifice of praise. Amen. Uh Hebrews 3:13:15. By him, let us therefore offer the sacrifice of praise to God only when we feel good. Oh, you're not even reading that. How do you know? It says continually that is the fruit and watch now the fruit of our lips giving praise to his and thanks to his name. Amen. So you see he made us to do what? To offer a spiritual sacrifice. Now and faith is the substance. Brother Brandham our Yeah. Brother Brandham said our bodies are grown in. We have an inheritance and we're children now. Kings, the heirs of the kingdom. Oh my. Kings and priests unto God offering spiritual sacrifice. What does a priest do? Make a sacrifice. What is a spiritual sacrifice? That's what these sons and daughters do, which are kings and priests, yet not in full possession. But they're making sacrifices, offering to God, spiritual sacrifices, the fruits of our lips, giving praise to him, fruits of our lips. You say, "Brother Brandham, I just don't feel like praising him." That's the time to make a sacrifice. Praise him anyhow. Kings and priests, sons and daughters, offering spiritual sacrifices, the fruits of our lips giving praise to his name. Amen. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Earnestly contending, he said, "We have a we're a high priest. We are high priests offering spiritual sacrifices. The fruits of our lips are giving praise to God. And may every believer now as a sacrifice of the high priest enter into the praises of God, shouting, glorifying God, and praise him. I ask this in Jesus Christ's name." Amen. And the people praise God with all their hearts and give glory to God. Listen this. This is brother Brandham's prayer. What? That every believer would enter as a sacrifice and pray. Enter into the praises of God shouting glorifying God. Amen. He said again in the seven church ages, when a little confusion comes in the church, you don't run to one side and pout. Now if you are, you're not a priest. You see, you pray through spiritual sacrifice, the fruits of our lips, giving praise to his name. See what I mean? Well, you say, "Well, I just don't feel like going to church, but you're a priest." Amen. It It's your duty. Go ahead, preacher. You know, it reminds me one time I heard a story of a man or person that fell that was laying there in, you know, on the floor and moaning, groaning, and saying, "Well, you know, I'm not going to school today. The kids don't like me. They all hate me. They're all against me. The teachers don't like me. They all talk about me. I I ain't going. And I'm I'm just depressed by all of that." And his mother come over there said, "Son, get up and go on to school. You know you're the principal. [Applause] You're the priest. It's your duty." Has nothing to do with it. Whether everybody likes you or don't like you. Well, there's some of them don't like me. I tell you, they didn't look my way. They I tell you what, I've seen people with complex beard in Texas. Amen. But I I'll just tell you right now, friends, if you'll get yourself off your eyes off yourself and get your eyes on what you're really called to do. Amen. You were called to worship. You were called to give praise to his name. You are not here to be pleased. You are here to give a sacrifice. Well, I don't feel like going to church, but you're a priest. It's your duty. You've got to be there. Well, I don't feel like taking a pardon service. You know how that is. I'll go, but I ain't going to raise my hand. You know, you know, I I don't I just don't feel like taking a part of the service. You're a priest. You're making a sacrifice, a spiritual sacrifice. Not not giving somebody some hand me down as they call it today. That's all good to have nothing else. And not going to give somebody coming to church. That's all good. Have nothing else. But it's you making the spiritual sacrifice, the fruits of your lips, giving praise to his name. When you see that time that's coming and everybody blaspheing and saying things and doing wrong, what do you do? walk away. You're supposed to stand there a spiritual sacrifice saying, "The blood of Jesus Christ cleanses me from all sin makes me a new creature in Christ." Jesus, you crazy fellow. According to what you say, it's all right, but to me, it's the power of God and the salvation. I believe it. You say, "Well, do you believe in divine healing?" Oh, I don't believe. Better ask our pastor, "What do you what do you think about? You're the priest now. You're the guy." Say, "Yes, sir. I believe it." Yes, because God's word said it. So, do you believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit? Yes, sir. How do you know it? I've received it. That's right. The Holy Spirit that fell on the apostles, same Holy Spirit that falls now. You remember? You remember in the Old Testament when the mana was fallen in the wilderness journey and God had Moses to put some of it away in the holiest of holies so that every generation following could have a taste of that original mana. And brother Brandham tells us what was God saying there. The same thing he said to Moses. In other words, this Holy Ghost mana that began to fall on the day of Pentecost was to sustain the church. And the church was to live only by the Holy Spirit until the day we enter the millennium. Hallelujah. The same Holy Ghost. Now notice it was for everyone that was a priest in the Old Testament. Everyone in the New Testament that becomes a Christian, born again, becomes a priest to God. And we're kings and priests. A priest is a make of sacrifice. And we are to give God the sacrifice of our lips and give praise to his name. Say, "I don't feel like it. You do it anyhow." That's a sacrifice. Hallelujah. Say, "I I feel too tired." The devil will tell you that till he takes you to hell. That's right. You are to make a spiritual sacrifice. The fruits of our lips giving praise to his name, kings and priests and to God. The Bible said we are. He's made us priests and kings. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh my. You know how many times you see the spirit falling and some just don't enter in. They let some fear, some complex, maybe some weariness, [Music] some something hinder them. Right? You know, Brother Brandham talked about this a little bit about how the Holy Spirit had fallen in the Holy Ghost series and he said in question Answers on the Holy Ghost, he said the Holy Spirit fell in the building last night and that was for edification. I was standing there trying to tell the people that they must receive the Holy Ghost and the devil had come around saying, "Don't listen. Sit still." And my my sister said, "Bill, I was so happy while you were preaching. I felt like I could just raise up and jump through the wall." And I said, "Raise up and jump. That's all." That's right. And she said, "But when you went to doing that and the people began to shout, started shouting, then I just felt like I was an old nothing." And I said, "That's the devil. That's Satan." When he come in to do that, I said you should have raised up anyhow. We are priests of God making spiritual sacrifice the fruits of our lips giving praise to his name. Hallelujah. Amen. Now so it's important that everybody enters into an atmosphere of praise unto our God. Amen. remember when Elisha um had that experience of Jehoshaphat and the king of Israel came up to see him and Elisha got all out of sorts and and that when the king of Israel was in trouble that's when he turned to Jehovah after all the other times he was serving idols you know and and he he got all frustrated mad and angry about it because this man had the audacity when trouble was in the land Now you're going to turn to God. And so you know the in order to get the spirit to come down, he had to say, "Okay, bring me a minstrel." Yes, sir. Get to playing some of them old songs for a minute. Amen. Yes, sir. I, you know, I got to get in the spirit here. I done got all out of sorts. All right. I argued with my wife on the way to church that can't say he misbehaved. This happened here. And I'll tell you, if he preaches as long as he did last time, [Applause] he [Applause] will, you know, but he got all out of sorts when that that when seeing this. So he said, "Bring me a minstrel." You know, get give them playing. and and they got to playing some of those old songs and and and brother Brandham said he they sang once like there you know there's going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet sweet by and by and different songs like that and he said I tell you brother when we get all the formal shackles shook down and the spirit of God back in the songs again and get back to an old place where we can have the spirit of God moving in the place then the prophet can see a vision then the powers of God comes on the church, then we can see divine healing. Then they'll see the resurrection of Christ. Then they'll see he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's why we want spiritual soul service. [Music] Well, but brother Brandham said, you know, it was one of them old songs, Brother Tim, of there's going to be a meeting in the air. That wasn't old song. That was contemporary for that time. Right. Wow. Come on. Come on. Don't get your nose bent out of joint. Amen. Let's worship God. Get your ideas down. Remember why you're here. What is the real purpose? You can criticize this or criticize that. Amen. But remember what our focus ought to be on is on Jesus Christ, lifting his name high, worshiping him, giving praise to his name. Hallelujah. [Applause] You say, "Brother Brandom, I'm not the prophet." Well, if you ain't the prophet, you can be one of the instruments. That's right. Just keep playing. That's right. You ain't got no more than them 10. Just give vent to that just as hard as you can. If you can't be the prophet, be a part of the minstrel. Do something. Listen to him. Do something to bring the spirit of the Lord down. Amen. The prophet couldn't do it himself. Neither can the preacher. Amen. He's got to have the minstrel to help him. And when the prophet and the people got in harmony with God, then the prophet began to see things. Now brother, if you don't see divine healing, you don't see the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you don't see this mighty move of the spirit moving in the last stage here, just get in the spirit one time and you will see things will be revealed to you. You'll begin to notice things looking different than what they used to be. You won't come along with the criticizing spirit. You'll come back humbly. Amen. Amen. Amen. You know, church is to be a house, a place of prayer, a praise, of worship to God. Isaiah 56 and 7 said, "For mine house shall be called an house of prayer for all people." A place where worship flows up to heaven and God's glory comes down. Amen. where heaven literally comes down to earth and we are lifted up into heavenly places. You see, we've got to restore the original purpose of of people of praise. Not not just a performance or just going through the motions. But the house of God is not where you come to be entertained. It's where you come to worship. That's right. That's right. Ah, there I agree. You know, many songs today that are sung by these Christian artists, they may have some good lyrics, but the spirit they sing them in is wrong and sometimes demonic, right? And when it's that way, it's mockery. It's sacrilegious. It's blasphemies. You know, Elvis could sing Amazing Grace with his melodious voice. But his spirit was wrong. Ferland Husky debuted the song On the Wings of a Snow White dove at the Grand Old Opry in 1960. It went up It went up all the way into the the high uh into the charts and the on the pop charts. It was number one for a long time in the country and western and it made the top of the pop charts as entertainment. But when I was there as a little boy, come on now. When I sat on the pew not too far out looking at brother Brandham and I watched him sing that song, he sung it with a different anointing. And he sung it in the spirit. And when he did, it took a new meaning. And it became worship. It became something that brought the spirit of God down. [Applause] An inspiration struck the prophet and he even wrote a verse to it. Hallelujah. Yes, he did. Amen. So, we worship in spirit and in truth. So even though sometimes lyrics may be scripturally right, it's got to be sung in the spirit to be acceptable before God. It must bring the atmosphere of the Holy Ghost. But what do we come to church for? We're here to worship. And praise is not optional. I I I do it if I feel like it or not. Or if I want to or not. You see, praise gives us access to God. You don't realize it, but does. You see, in Psalms 100, David gives a a call to worship. He says, "Enter into his gates with thanksgiving and into his courts with praise." So, you see, it's a entrance into God's courts. The gates of God's dwelling opens with thanksgiving. You see the the the courts, the inner sanctum um are entered by praise. You see, God doesn't just allow any spirit into his courts. He is enthroned on praise. And praise is like a password. You see, to gain entrance into God's presence, you just don't barge into the throne room of a king with complaining lips and a depressed attitude. You come with reverent joy. That's how you have to come. And it's important how you approach the king. Amen. Amen. You want him to hold out the scepter to you, right? Amen. There is a proper proper protocol in and Isaiah 60:16 said, "Thou shalt call thy walls salvation and thy gates praise." So heaven's gates are gates of praise. And when we praise, it opens heaven's gates for us and it allows us into his presence and it gives the worshipper entrance and it brings heaven down. Amen. In 1 Peter 2 and5, he said, "You also are lively stones, and you are built up as a spiritual house, a holy priesthood, to offer spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God by Jesus Christ." So, you're not just saved to escape hell, right? Or escape the tribulation coming. We're saved to become a house of praise. Amen. Amen. The church isn't made of brick and mortar or stuckle or stone. It's you and me. Me and you and me filled with the spirit and release and worship. Worship is our priestly duty. We don't wait on a feeling. Hello. We respond to his faithfulness. It is our sacrifice. It is our upfr to God that we are bringing. So you don't have to wait on a certain feeling. Amen. Amen. Amen. You worship before the feeling ever comes. Amen. Now praise is also a weapon. Amen. You remember in 2 Chronicles 20 when Judah went forth to war, the praisers went first. And the enemies destroyed themselves. That's exactly why. Well, you know, when the word goes forth, there's a battle going on. You don't know, you don't realize it, but when a minister stands in the pullpit, he is fighting spirits. He, the word is attacking the enemy. It's driving it out. As brother Brandon would say sometimes, you just saw his red light tail lights going over the hill yonder. The devil comes to church. You know, he pretty faithful. That's right. He's there every service. But so is Jesus. Amen. Amen. And what we want to do is we want to drive him out. Drive him out of our thinking, out of our lives, out of our behavior. Come on, somebody. And when the word goes forth, we want to prepare it. Get ready for a battle. Amen. The word is going to cut. It's going to it's going to destroy the enemy. It'll cut off the head of devils. It'll bring healing to the sick. It'll bring salvation to the lost. It'll bring deliverance to God's people. [Applause] Psalms 149 says, "Let the high praises of God be in their mouth and a two-edged sword in their hand." Amen. Praise and a sword goes together. Praise and the word goes together. Your praise binds kings with chains. When the church praises, there are strongholds that break and devils start fleeing. Come on. Oh yeah. Amen. In 2 Chronicles the the Bible says chapter 5 at the dedication of temple that it came to pass as the trumpeters and the singers were as one. The house was filled with a cloud. Even the house of the Lord, the glory of the Lord filled the house. You see when they when they were the trumpeters and the singers was as one as the people come in unity with one mind and you know when it when it comes to coming together we should come with the idea of let's dedicate this house. I come to dedicate this house. Amen. And I want it to be a house of worship. That's right. And if you'll start doing that, then the house will get filled with the cloud. Even the even the glory of the Lord will fill your house. When Paul and Silas was in prison, the earth shook and chains came off. Why? Because praise is a weapon. It shakes prisons. It opens doors. That's right. When we have, you know, worship in one mind and one accord, it releases the glory of God. It brings down the pillar of fire. You know, when you have a good service, it's because somebody got in one mind and one accord, right? You didn't come that way. That's right. You come this way with your business, with school, with this, that, and the children and that and work and everything. Come on. But when you come together here, well, you're to lay all of that down. For one purpose. Yeah. To worship. Amen. And when you come together in one mind and one accord, it releases the glory of God and it brings down the pillar of fire. You do believe it's still in the church, don't you? Amen. In Acts four, when the church was the saints were threatened and they didn't, you know, threaten that, you know, they they didn't pray less and they didn't praise less. Amen. They they gave even more praise. Amen. And they were filled with the spirit until it shook the house. So when the enemy comes, Amen. What do you do? You just pour out more praise. You don't let up. Amen. He'll fill the house again. Shake it. Amen. I I believe we need some of those church shaking services. Where sin is shut out. Unbelief is gone. Doubts have perished. I believe fled. Hallelujah. Amen. Let every service be a revival of worship where we're filled again with the spirit. Amen. Amen. Like brother Wayne said, we're drunk drinking buddies. Amen. I I I can't help it. I I just have to get me another sip of new wine. Hallelujah. We ought to come every service with our with our neck opened up to heaven and say, "Lord, I'm a new skin. I'm not coming in an old cracked, decrepit, old skin. I'm coming out as a new skin, owned by the Holy Ghost. And here I am. Pour your spirit out into me. Empty out that new wine into my life. [Applause] Hallelujah. I'll tell you what, when when that happened in the upper room and some of them began spinning around them bottles with new wine in there, it come out 120 of them and first thing you know it it spilled out and 3,000 were saved. And after that it run come by around at the man at the house called beautiful and at gate called beautiful and here here's it spun by him and said silver and gold have I done but I got some new wine I'll give you. Hallelujah. And he got a drink of addict. Up out of there he came leaping and praising God. I tell you what, praise is contagious. So is discouragement. That's true. Amen. So we are to not be here as spectators. [Music] Nothing can frustrate a preacher more than spectators. Come on. Now, of course, there's imitators and spectators, all kinds of other ters. But we are to be more than spectators. We are to come as priests offering up the sacrifice of praise. Wait a minute, brother Tim. I thought Jesus was our sacrifice. We're going to offer Jesus. Oh yeah, Jesus is our sacrifice. He's our lamb. All that's true. But this spiritual sacrifice is not offering up Jesus and offering up his surrendered life as a lamb. It's your surrendered life. That he wants you to give as a priest. Amen. It's not Jesus we're taking back to the cross and laying on the altar. It's you that's going to get laid on the altar. So you're a chosen generation, a a royal kingly priesthood, a holy nation, a peculiar people that you should show forth the praises of him who called you out of darkness into his marvelous light. Yes, sir. Now, you know, under the new covenant, we're not called to offer lambs and bulls, right? Yeah. But lives, our hearts, our lips, our love, our surrender. These are our spiritual sacrifices and they rise up like incense before the throne and they bring great pleasure to the heart of God. In Hebrews chapter 13:15, it said, "By him, therefore, let us offer the sacrifices of praise to God continually, that is the fruit of our lips, giving thanks to his name." Amen. So it's a sacrifice because because you know it's not it's not offered sometimes it's not offered out of emotion but out of obedience and faith when you're hurting when you're tired when you're confused when you're all broken and you still say God you're worthy that is sacrifice that is lifted up to heaven like a sweet incense. Oh, when God breathes that in and he smells it, oh, it's a it's a welcoming presence. So, he says, "Let us offer sacrifice of praise to God continue." And it's not based on feelings, it's based on truth. [Music] And when you praise in your pain, it becomes pure fire before the throne. For it's a sweet smell in the incense to God as his gold dried in the fire. Paul and Silas sang in prison. Yes, sir. And chains broke not just for them, but everybody else around them. Hallelujah. You realize your praise can cause somebody else's chains to fall off. You're a chain breaker. You're a devil defeater. You're a serpent bruiser. You are here to defeat the enemy, to defy the the armies of hell, and to stand for righteousness in this age. Wonderful. You see wounded hands lifted in praise to God. It touches the heart of God like no other sacrifice can. That's right. Something about it that is sacred. Something heavenly. It's about a praise that doesn't rise just from your comfort, but it rises from conflict. That's right, from suffering. There's a worship. That's a worship that that heaven just can't ignore. It's a It's the worship of the wounded. Brother Tim, you're way out there. Well, Psalms 151:17 says, "The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit and a broken and contrite heart, oh God, thou wilt not despise." Amen. Amen. You see, when wounded hands are lifted, hands that have been through betrayal, Yeah. been through loss, grief, rejection, heartbreak, that carries something away. It's It's like gold in the presence of God in the courts of heaven. Why? Because that kind of praise cost something. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You see, Abraham would not take a barrel place for Sarah that cost him nothing. Jesus would not take a kingdom without a cross. David bought on's threshing floor and refused to offer sacrifices that cost him nothing. The woman who washed Jesus' feet wanted the best most costly alabaster box. Hallelujah. I want your very best. Yes, sir. To give to him. And it came from a wounded heart and wounded hands. Cuz wounded praise is a costly praise. Amen. What do I mean? Well, anybody can praise God when the bills are paid, when the body's healed, when everything's going good, but when the storm is raging, and you still scream out, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that's within me, bless your holy name, that's gold tried in the fire." That's a sweet savor that's rising up to the from the altar of a heart that is still burning even when it's bleeding. [Music] You see, sacrifice, it implies pain. It implies surrender. It implies something laid down that is valuable to the giver. So when you praise when you're bleeding, when you lift up scarred hands, trembling with pain, but still lifted up toward heaven, that's a sacrifice angels can't offer. That's right. Come on. Yes, sir. Only they they they offer praise of holy, holy, holy. But you can offer praise. They can't. That's right. Only the redeemed. Come on. Only the wounded worshipper can give God that kind of offering. The great high priest himself was a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief. And even in Gethsemane when sweat poured out of him like blood, he said, "Not my will but thine be done." So even when he was wounded, he obeyed. Even when he was broken, he prays. Amen. So even right now when we when we are wounded, we lift our wounds to God and it touches his heart because why? It reminds him of his work that he did while he was in the flesh. And let me just tell you, your scars don't disqualify you. They identify you. [Applause] They say, "I've been through the fire, but I'm still worshiping." [Music] Yes, sir. I've been through great trials, but I'm still giving him praise. Hallelujah. That's what it says. Amen. And when you lift up broken hands to God, it's a declaration before all of heaven. It declares it. Your faith is not for sale and your worship is not conditional and your praise is not dependent on your feelings and because you are saying thou can he slay me I will trust him. That's right. [Applause] Amen. Thank you. You see it's the voice of the three hub children in the fire saying our God is able to deliver us. But even if he doesn't, we will not bow. And that kind of praise is dangerous to the enemy. Amen. But it's precious to God. That kind of praise gets heaven to moving. Come on. Amen. Because God dwells in that kind of praise. That kind of praise reach heaven. You remember brother Brandham talking about that? He said, "There's some of my children down there in trouble." Oh, his angel said, "Well, I'll go down. I'll go down. I'm wormwood. I'll I'll just wash it off with water. I'll put out that fire." No, it ain't. This ain't for you, boys. Another I'll come with my mighty sword. I could slay a million at a time. No, it's not for you, angel. Come on. This is a mansized job. It's for my for me. Amen. Remember him talking about he called the thunderhead said, "Come over here." got there and the can grabbed the lightning bolt and the next thing you know he was right there in the very fiery furnace. Yes, sir. What brought him down? That kind of praise. But here's what's so wonderful. Wounded hands lifted up become healed hands. I remember a young girl in our youth came to youth camp. She was a by now a a married girl and she had been through terrible scars, horrible things in her life. Wanted to kill herself, cut herself many times. She hated herself, cutting her wrist and everything. And she finally come to God with all kinds of scars on her life. She was sitting there at youth camp and she was, you know, sitting in in the adult section because the young people are sitting up front and she thought, you know, I'd love to raise my hands to God and worship him, but you know, if I did, it'd pull my sleeves and people see my scars. Wow. And she said, "But you know, somehow I just love him so much for what he's done for me. I'm just going to forget about how I feel and just raise my hands to him in worship." And when she raised her hands and began to worship her, the scars disappeared off her wrist. Hallelujah. Don't run up because scarred hands can become healed hands. When you offer a sacrifice of praise, wounded hands lifted up. Yes, sir. Become as healed hands to God. Not always because the circumstances changes, but because something divine is exchanged when you worship. Because Isaiah 61 says, "He gives us beauty for ashes. The oil of joy for mourning." See, there's an exchange. The garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness. So your wounds may still show, but now they can carry glory. Amen. That now your hands are not just raised, they're redeemed. Your scars are not just reminders of your pain. They're they're testimonies of triumph. There was a man recently converted in our church. He never came to an altar. He never came down for prayer. He just sitting back in the mezzanine back there. And it was as a prodal he came back the Lord and he was all tatted up from head to toe just all over him. Sin had taken him to the dregs of humanity and to drugs and alcohol, tobacco. He'd been raised in a message family, raised in a message church, but he got bitter toward church people because of a church split and the behavior of Christian people who were not showing their Christianity. And he was wounded, hurt, confused, didn't want nothing to do with it. But his son had been to church, a young boy, and said, "Come, daddy. Something has changed me." He said, "Yeah, I've seen something's happened to you, boy." Said, "Let me go see what that's about. Maybe this church is different." And so, you know, I I had a chance to speak to him after the service because his young son facilitated it and insisted that we get together and brought him to me. And he said, "I want you to meet meet brother Tim. I want you to meet meet him." And so, we I shook his hand. I just stood there for a minute. I spoke to him. And I said, 'You know, you've been hurt. You've been wounded, but I want to say to you, just forget all about that. Come on. And I want you to do one thing. Just one thing. All you have to do is one thing. I want you to go fall in love with Jesus. That's the best thing right there. Because I tell you this, whatever's happened to you, whatever Jesus didn't do it. That's right. That's right. Hallelujah. So if I can get you to do one thing, just one thing, go fall in love with Jesus. And there he come the next service was sitting in in the back there and and his wife and family around him. They went home. He was addicted to cigarettes. He said, "I couldn't go 20 minutes without banging my head against a a wall because of crave for cigarettes." He been had drugs, alcohol, you know, and whatever. And he said, "I was sitting there. I I I sat there in that meeting that day, and I went home, and he text me after the service, and he says, "Brother Tim, I don't know. Something's happened. I didn't even realize something was really going on. But I got home and my wife said to me, "Jason, did you know it's been 4 hours since we've been home? You hadn't smoked a cigarette?" What? What? No. I I hadn't even wanted one. G that week his his wife brought him his favorite alcohol and opened his bottle and wanted him to drink with her. He started to take a sip of that and went and poured it down the sink. I don't even want that no more. The drugs, the alcohol, the tobacco, all of it was all gone. Nobody laid hands on him. Just the power of the word and the atmosphere of the Holy Ghost. Heaven came down upon him and changed that man in God's presence. But I want to tell you now, those tatted arms that once did service to the devil that lifted cigarettes and drugs and alcohol, now those same tatted hands are lifted up as a testimony with praise to our God. Hallelujah. Tatted fingers among proud and joy. Now turns the pages of God's holy Bible. So I want to tell you, lift up those hands. Hands that you think are unworthy hands. Amen. Because it symbolizes world reverence and devotion and surrender to God. As Paul said, I would that men everywhere should pray. Lift it up, holy hands without anger or disputing. So lift them up when the tears are falling. Lift them up in the dark times when you're pushing back depression. For when Moses lifted up his hands, Israel prevailed against your enemies. So I want to tell you, lift them up when the enemy says there's no reason to worship. Amen. Because when those wounded hands rise in praise, confessing the promises and expressing faith, it moves the heart of God. It touches the high priest. And he says, "That's the sound I died for. I died for that kind of sound." To hear my children say, "I was lost, but now I'm found." That's the kind of worship that shakes heavens and brings God down to earth. So don't silence your praise. Release it. Let it go. Amen. Because no other sacrifice touches God like the one you give through your pain. Revelation 5 and 8 says that there were golden vials. There were golden vials full of incense, which are the prayers of the saints. Your prayers lifted in faith and love are like incense before God's throne. Every groan, every tear, every intercession is not lost. Right? It's a sacrifice. Now, you know, this may not be true. It may not be the way it is. Maybe I'm venturing without authority, but when I look at those these vows full of voters and when the seventh seal was open to release the coming of the Lord, there were prayers that were poured out. And I've thought about that many times. You know, what would be prayers that would be held up? Well, you know, I go over into the tribulation period and I think, you know, there are bowls or vials of judgment that are stored up. And by the way, I don't know if you know it or not, but those seven angels that hold seven vials are not heavenly angels. They're men. Because one of them John tried to worship and said, "Don't do it. I'm a prophet." Now he was seeing him in a vision. And so in the vision he was seeing this and he would show him he would show him the bride, the lamb's wife. He would show him, you know, the the the city, you know, the new Jerusalem and the measurements of it. He show him all this. Yes, sir. He saw all of this in a vision and he wanted to worship him. He said, "Don't you worship me. I'm the prophet." I'm just one of your fellow servants. But whoever it was, you know, was able to show him things, you know, the great and and then the the lamb's wife and all of these other brought him down into revelation like no other could. Cuz this was one of man he saw in the vision. Are you with me? Amen. But but there in the great tribulation ahead, you know, there is going to be the wrath of the lamb and God's wrath will be poured out upon the earth. And there are files of judgment. Yes, sir. And again, I can only imagine that down through the ages, there would be fathers watching their wives murdered, killed, raped, children murdered, killed, hung on crosses, skinned like an animal, burnt with a fire, bellies cut open. And I can imagine as they watch that, as they watch that, they breathe out a curse to that mother Yeah. Judgments. But God couldn't answer them, right? Because why? There's a word that actually protects the horse. She's going to be even in the tribulation. We can't speak her out of existence now. The word That's right. That's right. Amen. Because why? There's a word that says she's going to be over here in the tribulation. So, she's going to be there. So, what all of those judgments, I can only imagine, were stored up, seven ages worth of seven jud seven vows of judgment. Oh. Oh my. And I can only imagine, you know, when when that is happening and these vows are poured out, guess where we are? We're at the marriage supper of the lamb. Is that right? And I can imagine one of those angels, messengers, men, come on, getting up from the table and say, "Excuse me, we're going to have a little entertainment." Yeah. And he he steps out with one of them vials of judgment. And opens up the entrance of heaven and pours it out on the earth on the beast and the false prophet and upon the devil's kingdom. And guess what happens in heaven? There are praises and shoutings and glory and hallelujah. Come on. So now when we come to those vials those those those that incense those that that is there that is a bowls there of a golden vial full of incense which are the prayers of the saints and I think what prayers have been held up Lord and I think of the prayers that I prayed since I was a little boy you know I started preaching mentioned this message when I was 15 and I wanted Jesus to come then. Yeah. Yeah. But if he had come then some of you wouldn't be here. That's right. That's right. There were more names on the book of life that had not been manifested on earth and their names had not been dipped in blood. And maybe tonight I'm waiting on you. Hallelujah. Maybe I'm waiting on some of you tonight. Prayers. What kind of prayers? Come, Jesus, come. What is the last prayer of the Bible? Even John said, "Even so, come Lord Jesus." And that's got to become the last prayer. Amen. The greatest prayer of our lives is even so come Jesus come. And when the seventh seal was open, the vials of those prayers were poured out and it issued in the cycle of the coming of the Lord and began to be where one thing after another after another after another brings about the end time events until we are here now. Your prayers offered in faith are like incense before the throne. Every prayer, every groan, every tear, every intercession is not lost. It's a sacrifice. Yeah. Your prayers are not forgotten. Psalm 56 says, "Every tear you cried is collected in heaven's bottle." Not one is lost or shed in vain. That's right. your priest interceding between life and death. Yeah. And your prayer cloth, your prayer closet is your altar and every cry is a sacrifice. And you're to be a living sacrifice. So he said, "Present your bodies as a living sacrifice, holy and acceptable unto God." So we don't lay lambs on the altar. lay ourselves, our time, our choices, our lifestyle. God doesn't want dead offerings. He wants a living surrender. A living sacrifice means that everything I do is for his glory. Amen. And it's not just a Sunday offering. This is a daily obedience, not a one-time emotion. But our thoughts, our choices, our bodies, our desires must be placed on the altar. Amen. Even holiness is a sacrifice. It's a beautiful one. Why dress like we do? It's a sacrifice. Why do our women don't wear cosmetics and look like the world? Because it's a sacrifice to him. Because we're looking for his approval instead of the world's approval, doing good, sharing with others. The Bible said in Hebrews 13:16, "But to do good and to communicate or to share, forget not. For with such sacrifices God is well pleased." So when you give to others, even your tithe and your offerings given to the Lord is a worship. You do it as a priest. You know Paul Paul would say, "I'm full. Haven't received the things were sent from you." They were odor of a sweet smell, a sacrifice acceptable, well pleasing to God. So he called the given of the saints worship. Surrender to God's will. That's worship. Jesus surrendered his will and said not my will but thine be done. Cuz every time you surrender your will and submit to him, it's a holy sacrifice. This is where the deepest of sacrifices happen. You see, we are here in this day, in this time, and we are to worship. We are called as high priest to God. We're to offer spiritual sacrifice. We're to give our all. And service is more to be than just attendance. more than just sitting on the pew. But it's giving God your best. Amen. I'm going to ask you to bow your head. Here you are at a time that the musicians come, please. Here we are. The time is marriage age. It's bride age. It's bride time. Marriage time. When two are gathered together and they become joint hes, we as overcomers here in this age, we're rewarded to sit with him on his throne. That means to reign with him. We're sons and daughters of God to reign. Like the king said to Esther, I'll give you I'll give you anything, even half of the kingdom. What he was saying, as my wife, we are one. You can be co-regent with me. The bride of Christ is married to him and we're to be co-regent and hes together. The spirit of God gives witness that we are children of God. [Music] Is he worthy of your praise? Do you know what brother Brandham told us about why Leodysia would be [Music] rejected? He brought out in the Leodysian church age what would happen and he used his illustration. It'd be Jesus again with dirty feet. [Music] people who not will not worship him, who will not give him praise, who's so afraid of just giving him their all. I just want to ask you today, have you surrendered your all? Have you give everything to him? Is there something in your life you have held back? something you haven't given and you want to just say, "God, today, I want to really surrender my life to you. I want to just really do it, Lord. I haven't reigned as a king. I've let things reign over me. Maybe depression, maybe discouragement, maybe a horrible thing like pornography or something else. take rule over your life. You're to be a king. You're to have dominion. It's not to have dominion over you. The Bible said sin shall have no dominion over you. Any time you in your life that you make a real surrenderance to God and a holy dedication to him and your house becomes the dwelling place of the Holy Ghost where he abides and he's welcome. Why don't you let him do [Music] it? Only he can change you. No, you don't have to come to an altar. It can happen right in your seat. But if you needed to come to an altar, I wouldn't let that stop me. I'd make that confession. Maybe you want to just bring those wounded hands. Maybe sin has wounded you. Unbelief, some doubt, some fear, some torment has wounded you. No, if you could just realize if you if your life will start praising him in your attitude, in your behavior, in your walk and your talk, and your life will be a praise to him. It'll bring him honor and bring him glory. It'll be a sweet smell and savor that when you walk into his presence, he holds out the scepter. and said, "I'll give you everything in my kingdom. Ask what you will. It'll be given to you." Why don't you ask him to do it tonight? Why don't you make that full surrender? Say, "Brother Tim, I I've asked for the Holy Ghost and I didn't didn't give it." I'll tell you why. Because you didn't make a full surrender. You see, he's not going to live in your life with that porn habit. With that unforgiven spirit, with that doubt and unbelief, you're going to have to surrender it all. He won't live with you in with unclean things in your life. Why don't you let him just wash you tonight? Wash you, make you clean. Amen. with it. Your old sinful tatted hands can be raised up not in shame but in victory where there can be a joy in your heart, a love in your life, a peace in your soul. Why don't you ask him tonight? What about you? Would you like to just dedicate your building to him tonight? Just make a surrender to him. Give me the key of F. Key of [Music] F. Well, I've been on the mountain with Jesus and I've been down in valleys so low. Have you been there? But not one time has he failed me. For to him with my troubles I go. Would you like to just walk with him? So let me walk with him. you, Jesus. Would you like to start a fresh with him? Would you like there to be a a praise come out of your life? It ain't out of have to, but it's out of a real surrendered heart. Without you, I could never. Oh, never make heaven my [Applause] heart. Lord, you found me when I was so lonely. God, I've been there. And you found He can find you in your pew tonight where you are. You come right down to you. Amen. You found me when no one could love me. Oh, no one knew just what you do. Just worship him now. Make it your prayer. Oh let you Jesus. Oh don't ever leave me alone. Oh, if I [Music] you could [Music] never make my Maybe you want to stand with me now. If I had all the wealth of this whole world. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. If I had all that money could buy. [Music] and I had not the love of my savior. I would rather be dead than alive. Sing it with me now. Oh, holy you Jesus and [Music] all alone for [Music] I could never Oh, never make my life. Can you raise your hands to him right now and just say, "Jesus, I love you." If it's anything I want to do, I just want to fall in love with you. wash me tonight. Make me clean in your presence. Let me feel your presence just come around me, Lord. Let heaven come down. Wash me, Lord. Wash me in your presence. Let me have the reality of God in my life. Glory. [Applause] I could [Music] never. No, never make heaven mine. I want you to quit singing now. Just keep playing. I want you to quit singing. I want you to just lift your hands to God. Just give him a worship and a praise. and just say as I as I just share with you the even brother Brandham's adoration as he said how we love you how we praise you how I worship you Lord I sat behind the sacred desk with my hands up to thee I worship thee my God I worship thee you're my healer my savior my king my provider my father my brother my all in all rest in thee you are my strength I publicly I publicly, David said, I will praise you in the congregation of the saints. I will give thee praise before the sanctified ones today. I will praise thee for healing me. I will praise you for my life. I will praise you for my heart. I will praise you for the goodness you showed to me. I will praise you for my friends. I will praise you for my health. I will praise you for my goodness you have showed me. I praise you for my friends. I thank you. I praise you, Lord. You're wonderful, joy, unspeakable, full of glory. How I praise thee. I can recommend you to the weary. I can recommend you to the sinner, as a savior. How I can recommend you as a to the sick as a healer. How I can recommend you to the wonder, as a king. Oh, how I love thee. How I recommend you, Lord, to those that are downtrodden, to be to to be the joy in the camp. How we thank you. Oh, you're the rock in the weary land. You're a shelter in the diamond storm. You're the alpha, the omega, the beginning, the end, the roses here, the lily of the valley, the morning star. How we love you, how we adore you. We praise you, you matchless one, we give you praise. Oh, we praise thee and give thee praise through all the ages. Receive us, Lord, as we offer these blessings, the fruits of our lips. You said we're a peculiar people, a royal priesthood, offering spiritual sacrifice. The fruits of our lips give and praise his name. How we praise him how we adore him forever and ever. Oh, receive the adoration of our hearts. Express our lips, Lord. From the depths of our hearts, we praise thee, knowing it is not what we could do. It's not our life, it's his life. It's not our salvation, it's his salvation. It's not our heaven, it's his heaven. Oh, it's not our works, we are his works. Oh, it's not our grace, it's his grace. It's not our glory, it's his glory. Not our power, it's his power. Oh, we love you. Not our church, but his church. How we praise thee, Lord. That's our heart. That's our heart. Receive us. Oh, God. Send the little Brandon Tabernacle. And I say true word tabernacle tonight. An outpouring of the spirit. Will you Lord? Oh, we're needy here on the corner. God, send out showers of blessing. Pour out the rain of God, the former, the latter. Baptize our pastor, a new, Lord. Set him a fire with the gospel. We love him today, Lord. He's your servant. We pray you'll anoint his heart. Anoint the hearts of the other preachers in the building. And every member as we go out of here, Lord, don't forget your poor, unworthy servant, Lord, myself, that you'll anoint me fresh with the Holy Ghost. Grant, Lord, give us these blessings. We humbly waiting at the altar knowing that we receive it. Bathing ourselves in your Holy Spirit and not ashamed of the gospel in Jesus Christ, the power of God. Oh, how we love you and thank you. Some glorious day we hope to see you, Lord. Lay our hands upon the feet of the one that stands with us today who we cannot see, but we know that he's here. How we praise thee. Can you add your praise to God tonight? and just say, "Lord, we praise you. We thank you. You're wonderful. Amen. You are the alpha, Omega, the beginning, and the end. You're the root, the offspring of David. You are the bride of the morning star. You're the lily of my valley. Oh God, you are the you're the sweetness of my soul. You're the honey that's in the rock. You are my all and all. and I worship you and I praise you tonight because you're my God and you're worthy. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Now, praise him with all your heart. Lift your hands to him and say, "Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you that you've been with us, Father. That you promised you'd never leave us or forsake us, but you'd be with us even to the end of the world. We love you and thank you. Bless your name, Lord. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Well, I've been on the mountain with Jesus. Oh, I've been in some valleyies so low. Oh, but never one time he failed me to him with my trles. I go, let me walk away. Let me walk with you, Jesus. Don't ever leave me alone. Oh, for without you I could never. Oh, no. Never make heaven by all. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall melt with wings as an eagle. They shall run and not be weary. Oh, they shall walk in faith. Teach me Lord, teach me all to wait. Sing it again. All they that way. shall renew. All their strength they shall come with [Applause] wings. Oh, they shall rise. Yes, they shall walk in nothing. Teach me Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, teach me Lord to wait. Can we sing it again? They that wait, all they that wait upon the Lord shall [Music] re with wings as an eagle. [Music] [Applause] Oh, they shall run. Well, they shall glory. Teach me. Oh, teach me all your [Music] way. I was a rich. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. Sin separated. The bridge was far too wide. But from the far side of the chasm, you held me in your side. So you made a way across the great divide. Left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside. Oh, and there at the cross. You paid the debt of your broke my chains, freed my soul. For the first time, I had hope. Thank you, Jesus, for the blood. [Music] Oh, thank you Jesus. It has me. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into glorious light. Everybody sing this now. So you took my place, laid inside my tomb of sin. You were buried for three days. But then you walked right out again. Oh, that's no ste. Yeah. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Jesus [Music] Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness [Applause] into Sing again. You took my place. Amen. Laid inside. How many is a witness tonight? You were buried for 3 days, but then you walked [Applause] out. Now, [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Thank you Jesus for [Music] the Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. You have saved me. [Music] into glorious life. Oh, there is nothing stronger than the wonder working power of the [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, the sun. We [Music] are Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] The sun. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you [Music] Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, thank you Jesus. You have [Music] saved. Oh, you brought me into glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Lord. So I throw up my hands and praise you again. again. Yes, sir. Cuz all that I have is a [Applause] [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much. I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Oh my words. All my words fall short. I've got nothing new. How could I express all my [Music] gratitude? Oh, I could sing this song as I often do. Every song must end and you never do. Oh, I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I can is I know it's not much. have nothing else fit for a king. Oh, except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Let's sing now. Come on my soul. Oh, come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. Cuz you got a lion inside of the sun. Oh, get up and praise the [Music] Lord. Oh yes. Come on my soul. Oh [Music] sh get up and praise the Lord. So I'll throw. So I'll throw my name. [Music] Oh, cuz all that I have is a and I know it's not much of nothing else for me except For our hearts singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. All praise belongs to him. Amen. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. I wonder if them sisters can come sing that before we go. Goodness and mercy, come just now quickly before we go. Amen. Musicians, prepare for that. Let's sing this song together with them tonight. Thank the Lord Jesus. Amen. Your goodness and mercy. Amen. Covers me. Amen. Aren't you glad for it tonight? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank God for the word. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank the Lord Jesus. Amen. If you put that on the screen, brothers. Amen. Let's all sing this together. Brother Ashton, you play the organ. Play the organ, brother Ashton. Amen. B flat. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing this together tonight. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. What a faithful God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise you, Jesus. Come on, somebody play it tonight. All right. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Praise be to God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Everybody say, "See you tomorrow night." See you tomorrow night. See you tomorrow night. 6 o'clock. 6:00 sharp. Amen. We're looking for it. Amen. Amen. [Music] stories so that we could tell how he's been faithful and he's never failed. He might sound different, but they're all the same. A testimony of amazing grace. So we lift our hands and we say amen for goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. So we bless your name and we shout your praise for goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. It stays the same. It won't change. your goodness and [Music] mercy. I'll have my story that I can tell how Jesus found me and save me from myself. Gave me the victory and he's not through what he's done for me, held it for you. Oh, we lift our hands and we say amen. Oh, goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. So we bless your name and we shout your praise for goodness and mercy. Goodness and [Music] mercy. It stays the same. It won't change. your goodness and [Music] mercy. Singing [Applause] [Music] hallelujah. I will dwell in the house of the Lord. Singing [Music] hallelujah now and forever more. So we lift our hands and we say amen for goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. So we bless your name and we shout your praise for goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. So we lift our hands and we say amen. Lord goodness and mercy and mercy. Goodness and mercy and mercy. So we bless your name and we shout your praise for goodness and mercy. Goodness and mercy. It stays the same. It won't change. Your goodness and mercy. Your goodness and [Music] mercy. Goodness and mercy. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Powerful things. the blessings of the Lord and grace and mercy that he's given us tonight. Amen. What a tremendous word. Amen. What a tremendous word we've heard tonight. Praise be to God. Amen. Amen. I'd really like that you can you can worship yourself out of chains and even the guy beside you. I like that. Amen. You you could just break chains all over the building. Just get to worshiping the Lord. Amen. And you know, he had the sun to do it and he had the moon and the stars and the trees and the wind and the angels and everything. But that wasn't what he desired. He desired you. Amen. I I'm so blessed to hear that word tonight. It's been such a tremendous blessing. I I know it's blessed you. Amen. And we want to we want to thank you for coming out on a Friday night to enjoy the things of God. And Amen. And if you would sometime tomorrow, steal away and pray. Ask God to move a mighty way in the service tomorrow evening. Brother Spencer will be speaking and then uh a prayer line at the at the end of the service tomorrow night. If you know someone that's sick, someone that is needing, Amen. Just you feel welcome to bring them. They they don't have to believe exactly like we believe. We believe in the same Jesus. And and we know that sacrifice and his healing. Amen. He he could give mercy to any man, any person. Amen. Amen. We certainly thank God that that there is a lighthouse and a beacon for the world to get help and hope from the things of God. Amen. We certainly love him tonight. Amen. Amen. I wonder tonight if we just bow our hearts in a word of prayer. Amen. Just as we're being dismissed. Father, we thank you tonight for what you have given us. We thank you for the word. We receive it with glad hearts, Lord. And Lord, we will offer to you, Lord, from wounded hands, from wounded hearts, from wounded lives, Lord. Father, from wherever we find our lives, we know we look to you, Lord. And we ask you tonight that the mighty hand, Lord, that has reached down for us, Lord, that you would extend it to others. Maybe there's somebody in these communities that's nearby, Lord, that needs a touch from you. We pray that you would send them in, Lord, and may you give them healing, Lord. May they find virtue and strength, Lord, as a Christian believer. We ask you for the congregation, Lord. And we ask you for those that are invisible tonight, those that are out on the line. May you touch their lives, Father. And we ask you for these things in the mighty name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. And amen. We're going to be dismissed tonight, but Amen. Brother uh Ben, can we sing that uh song? I'm just going to throw up my hands and I'll start praising the Lord. Amen. I think that's a good thing to do, don't you? Is just throw up your hands and just start praising the Lord. Amen. Won't you turn around and shake somebody's hand right now and say, "God bless you. It's been good to see you in the house of the Lord." It's been good to be in the house of God today. Amen. To be able to enjoy his fellowship and his worship. Amen. We so love you. God bless you as you're dismissed today in the name of Jesus Christ. I'll just throw up my hand and start praising the Lord. I won't give up cuz I stand on his infallible world. When God sees my hands with, he comes down and raising God. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hand. Well, I'll just throw up my hand. It's all praising the Lord. I won't give up cuz I'll stand oh on his imbalance world when God sees my way. He comes down in my plan. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hand. When everything has gone wrong. I got my back to the wall. Satan's coming on strong. He really wants me to fall. He sends trouble my way. Oh, even sickness by myself. I can't win. Oh, so I'll just throw up my hands. I'll just throw up my hands. and start praising the Lord. I won't give up cuz I stand on the world. Oh, when God sees nothing, he goes down. I got it done in my Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hand. Yes, I'll just throw up my It's all crazy. I won't give up cuz I stay. Oh, because he's my hand. Something just can't stand when I hold up my hand. I got a dynamite plane. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my head. Oh, I got a dynamite. Satan just can't stand when I throw up my hand. I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. I won the battle for my Lord. Well, I promised him that I will serve him till I die. I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. I promised him that I am on the battlefield for my Lord will I was alone and I was a sinner too. I heard a voice from heaven say there is work to do. I took the master's hand and I joined the Christian band. Well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. I'm on battlefield for my Lord. Oh, I promised him that I battle for my Lord. Will I left my friends and kindred bound for the promised land? The grace of God upon me. Will the Bible in my hand in distant lands I tried. Christ center come to God. I'm on the battlefield for I know where I'm [Music] on. Yes, I promise that I Well, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Now, when I met my Savior, I met him with a smile. He healed my wounded spirit and on me as his child around the throne of grace. He points my soul a place. I'm on a battlefield for my battlefield. Come on. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Well, yes, I'm on the battlefield.
