################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - 'That Little Faith Woman' - Bro. Tim Pruitt - Sunday June 8 , 2025 - Tim Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-08
Title:   'That Little Faith Woman' - Bro. Tim Pruitt - Sunday June 8 , 2025
Speaker: Tim Pruitt
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXgCNd-TUtU
========================================

[Music] Oh, God. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. But I will never count cuz I'm a witnesser. The day goes to proclaim the title [Music] champion of [Music] love. He is higher than the highest. [Music] No one ever changes around the way. is more mighty than the mighty. He reigns from above. He's the all time spirited undefeated champion of love. He left his hometown. He left his hometown to enter this arena to raise his hands in victory for you and me. Oh, an angry crowd crucified. He bore their ground as they gladly watch the cherry go down. But I will [Music] never die. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] No one will ever take his away. He's more mighty than the mighty he. [Music] Oh, he's the alltime undisputed, undefeated champion above. Oh gracious Jesus, make me so small in worldly matterers. Make me not at all, but in thy spirit, make me also dawn. Oh gracious Jesus, Lord of all. Oh gracious Jesus, make me so small in worldly matterers. Make me not at all. Make me not at all. But in thy [Music] spirit make me [Music] also. Oh gracious Jesus, Lord of all. Once again, oh gracious Jesus, so gracious Jesus, make me so small in worldly matter. Oh, make me not at [Music] all, but in thy spirit, make me also dawn. and sell your desire. Oh gracious Jesus, Lord of all. Touching Jesus is all that really matterers. And then your life will never be the same. Never be the same. And there's only one way to touch him. Just believe. Oh, when you call on his name, Jesus is all that really matters. Then your life and then your life will never Hallelujah. Thank God for his touch. There is only there is only oh one way to touch him. Just [Music] believe his name. Let's stand this morning. Go to the Lord in prayer. Brother Joel Strike says, "I want to thank the Lord for touching my left knee again last night in the prayer line. Seems like I had injured it at work several weeks ago and I had been to the chiropractor to adjust it, but it was hurting every day. And at the beginning of service, it was hurting. But at the end when we were singing, the love of Jesus is so wonderful. I was able to jump up and down without any pain. I can't remember the last time I have been able to jump without pain. Hallelujah. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. It wasn't even thinking about my need in the prayer line, but he touched me anyways. So, I know he cares about he cares about the uh the things I was praying about. So, we thank the Lord for touching our brother. Amen. Amen. It's wonderful to be painfree. Amen. Praise the Lord for that. Thank God for his touch and for all the many healings and miracles last night. Our God is so wonderful. Amen. And we're we're still thanking and praising him this morning. Amen. Amen. I've lost some good friends. A long life's way. Some loved ones departed in heaven to stay. But thank God I didn't lose [Music] everything. I've lost people who said that. You sing it who know it. In the time of they were never there. But in my [Music] disappointment, in my season of pain, one thing never wavered, one thing never changed. Oh, let's sing it now. Oh, I never lost my whole glory. I never [Music] lost. Oh, I never lost my faith. But most of all, I never lost my way. Glory. Oh yes, I'll let some blessings slip away. I lost my focus and went astray. Thank God I didn't lose everything. Oh, I lost possession at work. Oh yes, Lord. And I've lost some battles by walking in fear. But in the midst of my struggles, in my season of pain, one thing never wavered. One thing never [Applause] changed. I never lost. Oh, I never lost [Applause] my glory. Yes, I never lost my joy. I never lost my but most of all I never lost my friend. S again. Oh, I never lost my [Applause] [Music] [Music] But most of all, I'm [Music] most glory my praise still here. Amen. My praise still here. Oh yes. My praise still here. Oh my [Music] praise. Still here my praise. Oh my praise. Hallelujah. Is still here. My praise, my praise. Still here. Once again, my praise, my praise. Oh yes, it is still here. My praise. Glory. Glory. still here. Oh, I never lost [Music] my joy. Oh, I never lost my faith. But most of all, I never lost my praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. I need this in prayer this morning. Uh for anyone that's in town visiting for the youth, there's going to be a youth fellowship this afternoon at the Mcnalty home. So you're invited there. Lunch will be served and any of your family traveling with you, but focused on the youth there. So God bless you. Let's go to the Lord in prayer this morning. How many happy to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just want to come before you, Lord, with thanksgiving in our hearts today, Lord, just for the work that you've done among us this weekend, Father, for the for the praise, Lord, the joy, and Lord, the atmosphere of worship, Lord. And I just feel, Lord, that we've had a wonderful time, Lord, as a church family, Lord, and Lord, to our family, Lord, that maybe doesn't attend here, Lord, but are visiting here with us, Lord, brothers and sisters in Christ, Lord. We just feel so close together, Lord, because of what your spirit has wrought in this place, Father. And Lord, we're so excited to be gathered together once again, Father, to fellowship around this living word. And Lord, to just enjoy your presence, Father. And Lord, be in contact today with a living God, Lord. And and Lord, just know, Lord, that uh that Lord, your grace, Lord, and your mercy, Father, is upon us, Lord. That your hand is upon our lives, Lord. And Lord, that you hold all that we are, Lord. And all that lays before us is in your hand, Lord. The same hand that holds us, pushes the enemy back before us, Father, makes a way, Father, for us to proceed. And that's what we ask for today, Lord, that we would just progress, Lord, as individuals, Lord, as a church, as the word is brought forth, Lord. And we thank you for your servant, Lord, that you sent our way, Lord, for Brother Ron and Brother Tim, Lord, our elders. And Lord, we just thank you for their ministry, Lord. And I pray this morning we would, Lord, that I trust we'd be able to make your servant welcome today, Father. Lord, that he could just deliver, Lord, the inspiration that's on his heart, Lord, with liberty, Father, and just to feel at home, Lord. And Lord, we we thank you for the gifts that you place among us, Lord. And we don't lift up human flesh, Lord, but we recognize, Lord, when you have established something in a man, Lord, to bless your people. We thank you, Father, for these elders, Lord, which have invested in us, Lord, in many ways and over the years, directly and indirectly, Lord, and and Lord, and blessed us as a church, Father. And we thank you for the kinship, Lord, that we have with them, Lord. We just want to we want to give honor where it's due, Father. Even double honor as we're commanded by the scripture, Lord Jesus. We're just so thankful, Father, for another moment in your presence, Lord. We never want to take it for granted, Lord. We just want to worship you, Father. We want to we want to not only invite you in our midst again today, Father, but we want to make you welcome, Lord. Uh with Lord, that beautiful water your prophet spoke about tears of repentance, Lord. We come before you humbly, Lord. We Lord, we know that we were unworthy, but by your blood, Father, we've been made worthy, Lord. And we've been made partakers of your divine nature, Lord. We're sharers of your attributes, joint hes, Lord, of every promise. And Lord, you've made us holy. You've made us accepted in the beloved. Father, you have put us in a position, Lord. And so, Lord, uh how could we not lift you up, Father, Lord, because we're in you, Father? And the higher that you were lifted up, the higher we're lifted up in you by your grace, Lord. And we're thankful to be identified with you today, Lord. And we're just thankful for what you have done. Thank you for blessing us, Lord. And Lord, and moving amongst us, touching lives, Lord, healing bodies, and Lord, and and and Lord, we thank you for conversions. We thank you for miracles, Lord. We thank you for restoration and refreshing, Lord. And we just thank you, Father. We You're worthy of all of it, Lord. We could never thank you enough today. But we just want to say, Lord, from the bottom of our hearts that we love you. We love your presence, Lord. And we love fellowship with you. We just ask that you would grant us that today in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You all may have your seats. Just a hand if you come sing this morning. Let's You got an offering this morning? Missions. All right. Just sing their special if the sisters will come and the brothers will come and receive the missions offering this morning during the special. [Music] All I've heard about Heaven makes me want to [Music] go. The more ties that I have there, friends and loved ones who've gone on makes it harder to be In a world that's just passing by with all its trles and cares that here seems so great when compared to my future home. There's nothing here holding me. I'm getting lonely for home. I'm so lonely for home. My eyes are aching to see the glory that awaits me. My bridegroom is here. Yes, he is here. And I know that he longs to Yes, he is longing for that fellowship we had before. In morning stars shouted for joy. I'm being called [Music] back. I'm going home when a saint passes on. How it saddens our hearts. For we still here feel the pain and the loss of one we have loved. But now imagine heaven. Oh, the shouts of rejoicing that one has come home. It was one short breath, one small step that took them there. [Music] There's nothing on earth that can be put to the test. No pleasure these mortal lives. No. do outweigh the bliss and the freedom of souls that we the redeemed will soon know. Getting lonely for home. I'm so lonely for home. My eyes are aching to see the glory that awaits me. My bridegroom is here. I feel him here. And I know that he longs to. Yes, he is longing for that fellowship we had before. In morning stars shouted for joy. I'm being called back. I'm going [Music] home for that fellowship we had before. When morning stars shouted for joy of being called [Music] back, I'm going home. [Applause] With that song this morning, we remember the memory of Brother Charlie and Sister Rachel Collins. Today's been three years since they passed to their heavenly reward to remember you, brother Chuck, Sister Debbie, Courtney, Joshua, Caleb, Abraham, their family, church family here. Amen. We we know our God has some something great in store when we can't explain with words, with tongue or pen, but God has purpose in it all. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord Jesus. I'm going home. I'm going [Music] soon. I'm going where I belong. [Music] I've always been. Oh yes, a stranger here. But now, but now I'm go. [Music] Oh, it won't be long. Oh, yeah. Somebody help me sing till we'll be leaving you. Oh, it won't be long. Don't be sad for them. Oh, will be going home. It won't be long. By the grace of God, they're more real than we are. And this will glory. Thank you, Lord. Just a few inches away. Oh, it won't be long. Oh god. [Music] Oh, it won't be long. We'll be [Music] going. Hallelujah. Glory, glory, glory, glory. As the choir comes this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Count the years as months. Count the months as weeks. Count the years. Count the weeks as days. [Music] Oh, we'll be going home. We'll be going. We'll be going home. It won't be long till you will be living in him. Oh, it won't. [Music] Yes, we'll be going home. We'll be going home. [Music] [Music] You keep on blessing me over and over again you keep on blessing me over and over again you keep on blessing me over and over again you keep on blessing me over and over again you keep on blessing me over and over again. You keep on blessing me over and over again. You woke me up this morning and started me on my way. You gave me strength to make it to make it through another day. You gave me eyes to see. You gave me a tongue to talk. I want to thank you, Jesus, for giving me legs to walk. Cuz you keep on blessing me blessing me over and over again. Lord, you keep on blessing me blessing me over and over. Over and Lord, you keep on blessing me blessing me over and over and over again. Lord, you keep on blessing me blessing me. Over and over again. I can move around. I can wave my hand. When you speak to me, Lord, I can understand. Give me a home to live in where I can lay my head. I could be in a grave, but you can't me over and over again. Lord, you keep on keep on blessing me over and over again. Lord, you keep on blessing me blessing me over and over. over again. Lord, you keep on keep on blessing me. Over and over again. I thank you for your mercy. I thank you for your grace. You sent your word to guide me each and every day. I'm resting your promise of being caught away until that day comes. I'll praise you all the way over and over and over again. Lord, you keep on blessing me. Over and over again. Lord, you keep on blessing me. Over and over and over again. Lord, you keep on You keep on blessing me over and over again. Lord, I thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Lord I thank you. Thank you Jesus. Oh thank you Jesus. You made a way for me. Thank you Jesus. You've opened doors for me. Jesus. If it were not for Jesus, [Music] you made a way for me. You made a way for me. You made a way for me. Over over you keep on. Lord, you keep on over and over. Lord, you keeping me blessing over and over and over again. Lord, you keeping me over and over and over again. Over and over and over. Over and over. Over and over again. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Lord, I thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Jesus, you keep oning over and over again. Now you keep on kissing your blessing over you. Keep on blessing over again. You keep on you over and over again. You keep on blessing me. Over and over again. Over and over. Over and over again. Glory. Amen. [Music] Glory. Amen. It's so high. Over and over. Hallelujah. Glory. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh yeah. I don't know. My my Hallelujah. My goodness. What a powerful. Hallelujah. I I don't want to offend anybody, but I feel like having church. Hallelujah. Amen. I'll tell you what, you want to get rich, you start counting blessings. You want to feel like rejoicing, you just start thinking about how he blessed you. You say, "Well, brother Wayne, I don't have the best house." But the Bible said, "Blessed are your eyes that see, and blessed are your ears that hear the things that many kings and rich men have longed to hear. But they have not heard nor seen, but you see it, and you hear it. I don't care if you got money in the bank, you're blessed. Don't matter if you got the best car, you're blessed. No matter how big your house is, you are blessed. If you got ears to hear the message of the hour, Amen. Thank you, Lord, for blessing me this morning. Thank you for the power of God that would fall in the church of the living God. What a blessing. What a blessing. What a blessing. These young people to dedicate their lives and the musicians and the time. You don't get that in five minutes. Somebody has invested time and time and time. Amen. And we are beneficiaries. I My that blessed me. Glory to God. My my goodness. I I I I feel like that's some Amen. Get getting ready to have Amen. heavenly choir. Amen. That Thanks. Thank you, Lord, for what you're doing. Amen. I I certainly love the Lord this morning. You be seated just for a moment if you'd like. Amen. Uh we we want to I know we got a lot of visitors and we want to thank each and every one of you and it's a real honor to have you today and amen. Uh we want to especially thank brother Will for coming all the way up here from the Louisville area and bringing his wife and his family and Amen. I know uh Will and Sister Rebecca, they just had a baby and I see she's not sitting there just now, but Amen. that's about two and a half, three weeks old. And Amen. And we just thank you for taking time to come up here to the meetings and Amen. It's such a blessing to have y'all today. And Amen. Thank you'all for coming. It's Amen. It's been a tremendous time to have uh Brother Ron Spencer, Brother Timuit. Amen. And they didn't just come, they come and brought their heart and ministered to the congregation from their heart. And and we thank them for what given us a part of your life. I've preached a lot of conventions, a lot of meetings in my life. And it takes part of you. You you you don't just walk away from a meeting like this. It takes part of your life. You put part of yourself in that. And and we thank them for investing that part in our assembly and and giving that to us. What a blessing. Amen. Uh we do want to say that this th this Friday night 6:30 at the Heralds. Now we have youth services and we have young couples and some of the older people uh and I'll say older. I don't know what that means but I won't say old people but some of the older crowd has said what about us? and uh sister sister uh Kimberly, brother Greg have opened up their home on Friday night for a older adults Bible study and um so she's going to we're going to serve a meal at 6:30. she's going to try to prepare something then we're going to kind of same same format as the young couples but but going to do it with the older and so it would be greatly helpful if you would just maybe RSVP or tell kind of that we would get an idea if you're thinking about coming just send one of us a text so that we'll know um and then of course it' be uh be able to be there we we don't know how that's going to go so um so we're just going to try it once and then see what the Lord would do. Amen. And amen. And so we do want to take just just a just a moment this morning. And uh we have h a very special uh birthday tomorrow. Sister Chris will be uh turning 21 tomorrow, June the 9th. Uh and u we certainly appreciate her. You know, when we got married, I was too young to know what a good decision was. And the Lord just led me and and gave me what I what I needed, what I desired. And I didn't even understand so much what I was doing, but his mercy stepped in. Now, she was too young to know better. And uh but but she's been a tremendous blessing to our ministry and and given her life and dedicated it. uh her existence is my wife and she has given her life to me, to my ministry, to my children and done it with great dignity and honor. We certainly appreciate her what she gives to this church. Amen. Uh she she gives a great deal of her life and we we appreciate it. We've got a card here for her. Uh it it's on the front. It uh for someone very special. As long as there's people like you who care with all their hearts, the world is still a place of possibility and hope. And as long as there is a people like you who reach out and give, your kindness each day still holds so many special moments. As long as there's people like you, life will be happier because you're someone caring and giving who reaches to others and warmth, honesty, and understanding and make people so lucky to know you. We're wishing you a happy birthday as wonderful as you are. Happy birthday from True Tabernacle. God bless [Applause] you. [Music] Amen. Sister Nata Piper uh arranged a very beautiful flowers. We thank them. God bless you all. We certainly love you and thank you for your kindness to us as a family. And Amen. This morning uh we we How many enjoyed that that word last night? Amen. What a powerful word. What a powerful word. Amen. Uh we we are forever changed. Some lives and there was people giving their their life to the Lord in these prayer lines last night. Souls being saved, deliverances were coming, healings. I know there'll be testimonies to come and people out on the out on the line that sees these things. their faith will be elevated and be touched. And this morning, if you just stand with us, we're going to we're going to come to the most important part of the service. We're going to invite the man of God to bring a word. Of course, brother Tim is very special friend to us and to this assembly. He's been he's been very uh very strong behind us for many years helping us and uh it's it's been a great blessing. He's uh not only helped us in our ministry and that, but when we got ready to build a church, he his church sent us a very very generous offering here for the assembly for the construction of the church. He's been such a blessing. And he send us those buses for three or four years in a row helping our church get started in its youth camp. And he's been a tremendous blessing to True Work Tabernacle. And we we thank him for every moment, for every dollar, for everything that he's done. And and I know this morning you're going to be greatly blessed as he brings the word. Amen. And I I ask that if you if the Holy Spirit begins to speak to you now, just reach out there and pull on that word. Say, "Speak to me, Lord." And when he speaks to you, let somebody know that was for me. Amen. That's the truth. Amen. And and we'll pull up on that word. So just as he gets ready to come, brother Ben. Amen. God bless you all. We certainly love you. [Music] Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saved a like me. Hallelujah. who I [Music] was, but [Music] now I [Music] found I [Music] It was grace that my heart to him. I really [Applause] [Music] to the grace of the hour. I could feel when we've been there 10,000 years. Where [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] we will Oh, to see [Applause] [Music] God first. [Music] Lord Jesus, we thank you for grace. Yes, Lord. Grace that is so amazing. Yes, Lord. It's an indescribable grace, the favor of God upon our lives, the blessings that flows because of Calvary for what you did for us and our doing. Oh Lord, we thank you. Lord, we thank you that you've extended that grace so far that you even call us misgrace, the elect lady. Lord, oh God, we thank you for your love to us, for all that you've done, for the healings that you bring, the deliverances, Lord. Lord, for the love that you surround us with. Lord, you're so good to us. I pray your blessings today upon us. May we just find the channel of the Holy Spirit, God, that you will just flow through the word and that you'll just use this vessel this morning as I I I just pray that I can be so emptied out that it just be God flowing, Lord, through me today. Lord, that you would bless the ears of the hearer, Lord. May there be hearts to receive. Speak to us now. We're your children. We've gathered in your name and here we come now to this last service of this series of meetings. And we want to thank you Lord for every service. We want to thank you Lord for the prayer line last night and so many that were touched in your presence. Lord, we want to thank you for using our brother Ron in such a miraculous way. And Lord, ministered to us that just lifted our faith and caused us to believe your promise. Lord, we thank you for faithful servants. Father, Lord, we thank you for the ministry in this church and for each one that assembles from the Lord. There's no little ones, but one for what one might think would be the least to the greatest. and there's no great ones among us. We're all one. Lord, I pray God today that you'll speak now as we surrender ourselves to you and humble ourselves in your presence and just say, "Lord, without you, we can do nothing." So Lord, if you'll just come and anoint us, Lord, we know if you'll just speak, it won't be just man speaking, but it'll be God ministering to the heart of his bride. We know Lord that you told us as a bridegroom, as a husband that we should show due benevolence to our wife. We know Lord, you couldn't command us to do that and you not do the same as a husband, as a bridegroom. So Lord, we know you're going to pour out your love upon us today. and we're going to feel your presence and we're going to be lifted up into heavenly places and we're going to walk in victory and your children Lord will experience the joys that is promised to them as the believers. We commit ourselves to you now in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. God bless you. If you'll turn with me to Genesis chapter 18, we'll read from the ninth verse. I just want to say it's just been a joy and a privilege to be here and we so thank the Lord for his goodness to us and I certainly appreciate the hospitality of your pastors here and how they have blessed us and and we've just had a wonderful time together and and you're such a welcoming congregation and and uh I said years ago when I preached at brother Ray's church I I went back home I said that church has the same spirit my church Yes. Amen. So, you know, it just it just always feels so welcoming and so wonderful. And seeing your young people just loving the Lord and serving him, you know, that that just makes my heart rejoice. I the youth camp you've started and and what you've done here and working with the young people. Uh those are eternal treasures. And and I tell you that what you place into that, you know, it will be rewarded many many times. Amen. Because they are the generation that will see the coming of the Lord. And I believe that God will have young people in this age that will be overcomers. And will be triumphant in this day. And I couldn't be more proud to be identified with you and be be part of the great elect of God. Amen. Let's look at Genesis 18 and verse 9. And and they said unto him, where is Sarah thy wife? And he said, Behold, in the tent. And he said, I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life. And lo Sarah thy wife shall have a son. And Sarah heard it in the tent door which was behind him. And now Abraham and Sarah were old and well stricken in age, and it ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women. Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After I am waxed old, shall I have pleasure, my lord being old also? And the Lord said unto Abraham, Wherefore did Sarah lie? Saying, Shall I, but surely bear a child, which I'm old? Is there anything too hard for the Lord? Amen. At that time appointed, I will return unto thee according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son. And then Sarah denied, saying, I laugh not, for she was afraid. And he said, Nay, but thou didest laugh. God bless you. You can be seated. Why? We look at so many wonderful things in the scripture and the Bible is just so full of exceeding great and precious promises. But not only are they just promises, they're actually prophetical. And when we look at the scripture, we don't look at it as just some history there or story in the Bible. That's right. But it actually is foretelling end time events. and where we are here in this end time. And you know, as we look at this um account in the Bible, Sarah laughed within her heart or within herself. And and these were these were thoughts and they were not even words. And she laughed. She actually in the Hebrew she it says that she literally scoffed or mockingly laughed. And you know, she was thinking, how ridiculous can this be? How impossible, how unlikely, you know, that this could ever happen. And her thoughts got called out by Almighty God because she was doubting right in the face of God himself. And you can imagine this, right in the face of God, she scoffs and she laughs and and she doesn't really say something out loud. It's it's a it's a something in her heart and she's doubting right in God's faith and face and God is God is a holy God and he cannot stand seeing and and um you know brother Brandham talked about God and his holiness. He said he's such a holy God that angels look black in his presence. So, you know, we we see in this standing in front of God and and he just can't stand sin and and unbelief is the root of sin. And brother Brandham tells us in sermons like Elijah in the meal offering, he said the church is going to be there without spot or wrinkle. There, in other words, there won't be one sin or doubt. You know, the grace of God, he said, will do that. It'll it'll have to it'll take grace. Like he talked to Abraham when Sarah doubted him. Well, right then he should have slain Sarah right then for doubting cuz that's the worst sin there is is unbelief. And the only sin and she doubted and she laughed within herself and the angel discerned her in the tent. He said, "Is that right? For but why couldn't he take Sarah be? because she was a part of Abraham. He would have to take Abraham, too. And we're a part of Jesus when we're a part when we're in the body of Christ. And our unbeliefs are excused if we did it ignorantly like she did for she was scared. He says again, uh, as he explains this, our sins would ruin us if we wasn't part of Christ. He can strike the church. He can't strike the church because we're Christ. Sarah and Abraham were one. And Christ and his church is one. And our sins are covered by his blood, by his faith, not ours, we're trusting in his finished work. So if it were not for grace, and let me tell you, we're going to need a lot of grace for the rapture. Amen. We're not just going to need faith. We're going to need a lot of grace for the rapture. And brother Brandon says again, "Let me give you a little grace here. I I want a little grace." Amen. I'd like a double portion of it. Could you just give me a a big heaping of it today? I need some grace. He said that minute, God would have killed Sarah for disbelieving that angel. He didn't. Look at that. Look at that angel went down and told Lot's wife not to look back and see what happened to her for her unbelief. But he couldn't take Sarah because she was a part of Abraham. And today the unbelief with the real true church. Now we're not talking about the false church. He said the unbelief with the real true church. She has unbelief. But he can't touch her. We're in Jesus. See, you can't take the church without hurting Christ. He couldn't take Sarah without hurting Abraham. So grace covered it. Oh hallelujah. Grace. Grace. God's grace. Grace that will pardon and cleanse within. Amen. God you see could not change his mind. He couldn't change his plan. I mean he had already told Abraham when he told Abraham you're going to have a child he was talking about Abra uh Sarah too because Sarah was a part of Abraham. And so he was saying Sarah is going to have a child. Amen. So God when he releases a promise, he can't go back on his word. He has to do what he said he would do. If he said, "I'll have a bride and she'll be without spot or wrinkle. I don't care what the trouble is in the age. I don't care how evil it is. I don't care how dark it gets." Amen. God's word has to come to pass. He will have a bride without spot or wrinkle or blemish or any such thing. Amen. Amen. And she will be a woman of faith. Hallelujah. I'm talking about you. She will be a woman of faith. Now, he asked, you know, when I come, when I come, will I find faith? You see, God says, I'm expecting faith. And let me tell you, if God's expecting faith, God's going to get what he wants. He's going to get what he expects. Amen. But it'll take the grace of God to provide the faith of God. Amen. And Sarah was still faithless. She was looking at herself. That's what we often do. We look at ourselves rather than look at God's promise. We're so prone to look at our weakness and how we can't do it and how unable we are rather than look and seeing how great our God is. Amen. So she was looking at herself instead of God. What where he said there is nothing too hard for the Lord. She was looking at her circumstances. As brother Brandham said in birth pains, he said why did Sarah life concerning this baby? Sarah come forth and said she didn't but said and he said but you did and he would have killed her right there if she wasn't a part of Abraham. So God would slay us if we wasn't part of Christ. The mercy of Christ all holds us together as doubters and perversions in the word. Amen. You got to realize if you weren't a part of his thoughts, right? If you weren't a part of his word, if you weren't a part of his thinking of his plan, but God has to fulfill his word. He cannot go back on it instead of killing us or just abandon his plan, taking somebody else. No, no. God has to get us on board. Amen. He's got to get us to believing again. Yes, sir. He can't change his mind. Amen. He can't ex you out of his list. He can't take your name off the book. Come on now. Amen. He cannot change his mind about you. Amen. Whatever his original thought was, he's got to stay with his original thought. He can't say, "You're going to be down here in Leodosia." Oh, I didn't know it would be that bad. I didn't realize they would have that kind of problem. I didn't realize they would do this and they would falter there and they would fail there. No, he can't say I'll exchange his mind. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Like he told Job, I already seen you shouting over your trial. I've seen you come out into victory. I've seen you with great joy. I've seen you. Hallelujah. A victorious church without spot or wrinkle. And you're going to be everything I said you would be. So God has to fulfill his word. Yes, sir. Instead of killing us or abandon his plan, he's got to get us on board. Yes, sir. This is what he had to do with Sarah. He had he has to get us to believe again. Amen. And for them, he had to perform signs. Had to And for us, he performed signs. He sent a message to get us to believe it again to change our thinking to turn our hearts. Amen. Amen. That's right. Amen. And you know, we as ministers have a responsibility to preach faith. Amen. And if I'm guilty of anything, I wouldn't be guilty of preaching faith. Amen. Because brother Brandon said, "If he ever was God, he's still God." So you see, it's a lack of faith that's been preached into the people that make makes to them let that sense six sense, which is faith lay dormant. Amen. Well, I tell you what, we got to preach faith. Amen. We got to have a people where that faith is not dormant in the church, but it's an active faith. Amen. And brothers, if we'll just preach the message, people will believe the supernatural. Amen. And if you believe the supernatural, it's going to start happening. Miracles will happen. Deliverance will happen. Anywhere faith is preached. And to have faith, we must have the right attitude toward the divine promise. Our thinking has to be corrected and our hearts have to be turned. You see, it's really important what we think. That's right, brother. Because this was just Sarah thinking. She didn't even say anything out loud. She said it in her heart. It's important what we think. And it's important what we say. [Music] That's right. Proverbs 18:21 says, "Death and life are in the power of the tongue, and those who love it will eat its fruits." So if you're prone to negativity, you'll eat its fruits. Your tongue has the power to bring death or life. And if your confession will line up with God's word, come on, somebody. Instead of your problems, instead of your feelings, instead of your circumstances, Amen. then you will eat the fruit of the life and the blessings that come from the word. I'll tell you what, if I was prayed for last night, I would start right now already confessing, I am healed. I am saved. I'm delivered. My children are coming home. I'm going to be blessed. Come on. [Applause] Amen. There's got to be works with faith. Faith without works is dead. Faith cannot remain inactive. Faith has to be put into works. [Music] You see, the Bible said in Proverbs 6:24, "Gracious words are like a honeycomb. Sweetness to the soul and health to the body, saying the right things, having the right attitude about the word is of vital importance. It can't be overemphasized. God's word must be believed. Amen. You see, like the old woman Sarah, she's sitting in her unbelief there. She's scuffing at the promise. Her heart had to be changed from doubting to believing. And it took the manifestations of God in the form of of a man to discern her heart and turn it from the unbelief. And it was so great of unbelief that it was actually years of accumulated unbelief that she would scoff in the very face of the all knowing God and then try to cover it up by lying. No, I'm a real believer. No, I've never doubted. No, I I've right in the face of God. You know, similarly, the old woman, the church, I don't know if you know this, Sarah's prophesying of you. Come on. Amen, brother. And the word has said, "This 2,000y old bride, no matter how old, how feeble, decryptid, and whatever, and walking around on her cane and stooped over and and bent with traditions and whatever else, she's going to bring forth the promised son. There's going to be a rapture in this hour. He's going to bring forth life in the church." Amen. Amen. So now we've been barren for 2,000 years. You know what we've been waiting on? The promised son. Amen. Waiting on the promised son. You know, every every cycle that they went through of every church they you know you we're going to get it this time. We we'll conceive this time. We'll get it this time. And finally she gets to the point of what's the use? It's not for me. She's been waiting on the promised son Jesus to return. And now she receives a visitation to turn her heart away from those years of accumulated unbelief, accumulated doubts, of misinterpreted theologies. And I believe again to back to the faith of when she was a young church so that she first in her heart must return to the bride she was at Pentecost. Amen. Can you imagine to be like the bride at Pentecost? To dance with your bridegroom again. a beautiful young vibrant church filled with the spirit. People so in love with Jesus. Amen. You know, in essence, this is what the angel said when he reaffirmed the promise of a child with Sarah. Sarah, you're going to be young again. I'm going to renew you. I'm restoring you. You know, as brother Brandon said, as it was to be the age in which the true church would return to being the bride she was at Pentecost, we know there mustn't necessity be the return of dynamic power. What? She has to be the same bride, the same kind, built out of the same kind of material that she was at the first place. Now read Malachi 4 and see if we're not supposed to have a message in the last days that it will turn the hearts of the children back to the fathers, back to the original Pentecostal message, word by word. And then he says, "Brothers, we are here." [Applause] Amen. Oh, Sarah, do you remember? You remember what it was like to skip like a young girl or you're a 90year-old bent over woman sitting there back in your bitterness scoffing at the promise saying it'll never happen to me. This is slow as the second coming of Christ. Scoffing. Come on, brother. Scoffing. Amen. Remember what it was though to to skip like a young girl to sport with your husband? Do you remember? Do you remember your first love? You remember what it was like when Jesus was everything? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You're going to return to that, Sarah. Amen. Hallelujah. Remember what it was like to laugh and to rejoice like a young girl? Sarah, you're going to shout and dance again. Really? You You remember what it was like to be beautiful and desirable? Oh, you're going to be so desirable. Your bridegroom, Jesus, is coming back for you. [Music] Hallelujah. You see, she's that little faith woman. Yet, she's been a doubter. Looks like God would have gave up on her a long time ago. Amen. But he can't. She's a part of him. Now, let's hear Brother Brandham describe her with prophetic eyes. And and you know, if you don't mind, I'm I I may may not quote just exactly maybe paraphrase it just a little bit, but this is from God of this evil age. The substance is there. She, the real true Christian, has revelation or faith in his word. She makes no claim of knowledge. They say, "Well, you have you got a doctor's degree." Makes no claim. I believe his word. Doesn't claim to be educated. Doesn't belong to any denomination, any party, any sect. She belongs to Christ. She's his wife, not the wife of a denomination. But in obedience, this little faith woman that lives by faith, the bride, she believes the word of God. She's obedient and watching in love for the promise of the age to be confirmed. She's watching for it. She is part of that word. And she is watching for her life to manifest that word. Amen. That's what I'm speaking on today. That little faith woman. And I'm talking about you. You may not feel like a little faith woman, but if God calls you that, that's what you are. And the word of God puts you then in position to be a people of faith. Amen. Amen. The word of the angel put Sarah in position of a princess stately divine woman of high rank. Yes. For too long she could only see herself as a failure as too far gone. You know, as too old or too undesirable or you know why she was now at the point said I couldn't even be desirable to as a wife to a 100y old man. She was certainly in her mind unable to fulfill the prophecy. She was too weak. She was too faithless to even believe. Hope for her was gone. Not only was her body dead, her faith was dead. [Music] Amen. Now, she saw herself as one thing and God saw her as another. Amen. Hello. Oh, if we could just see ourselves as God sees us. God didn't see a woman too old, too unable, too weak, too much doubt. Oh, no. He didn't see her like that. He saw her as a princess, as a mother of many. Somebody help me preach. It's like Gideon, you know, they come to when he's hiding and he's fearful and he's afraid and God comes to him and said, "The Lord is with thee, thou mighty man of valor." Who you talking about? God, I don't see him here. Ain't nobody here meets that descript. No, I'm hiding here. I'm the one worried and fearful and afraid. I'm no mighty man of valor. He didn't see himself as a mighty man of valor. Amen. Right then, he was hiding from the enemy. Gideon didn't feel like at all that he was a mighty man. He was. But he was. And with an army of 300, he defeated millions of the Midianites. Let me tell you, that is a mighty man of strength. Amen. Take your nap some other time. I'm preaching to you. Amen. So he said, "Where is Sarah, thy wife?" Here's what he Where is Sarah, thy wife? I got to get Sarah on board. I got to get Sarah. I got to get the bride to believe him. I got to get people's heart turned back to believing again where they can believe that there's nothing too hard for the Lord. They can believe in the miraculous. They can believe in the Holy Spirit. they can believe that they can be filled again with the genuine seal of God and be sealed to the name. I got to get people to believe it again. That's right. Where is your wife? She's back there hiding in the tent. Sitting back there pouting, worried, gave up on the promise long time ago. No need to even come out. Bent over, you know, wrinkled up. Where is your wife, Sarah? Where's the princess? I want to see the princess. Have the princess come out. Amen. The mother of mason. Princess, I don't feel like no princess. Sarah meaning mother of nations. I've never even had a child and she laughed within herself in her heart. You see, she needed her heart turned. And we need our hearts turned. Amen. Malachi 4 said, "I'll send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the Lord, the great and dreadful day of the Lord, and he shall turn turn the heart of the fathers to the children, the heart of the children to the fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse." If I don't come and turn them, I'll just have to wipe it all off. Come on. Amen. I would have to give up on my plan. But I'm going to do something. I can't leave my people in unbelief and doubt and fear and powerless and weak. Amen. I have to put a strength into her. I have to turn her back to believing again. The heart has to be turned back to the word, the original faith that was once delivered to the saints. Yes, sir. But not just the word as a theology, but the word in power. Isaiah 55 and 7 said, "Let the wicked forsake his way and the unrighteous man his thoughts, and let him return unto the Lord, for he will have mercy upon him and to our God, for he will abundantly pardon." Aren't you glad to serve a God like that? For he says, "My thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, sayeth the Lord. For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts and your thoughts. For as the rain cometh down in the snow from heaven, and returneth not thither, but waterth the earth, and maketh it bring forth, and bud, that it may give seed to the ser, and bread to the eater. So shall my word that be that goeth forth out of my mouth, it shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it. Hallelujah. My word will not return void. I've released a message in this day. I've released a word and it's a powerful word. There's a dynamic power that goes with it. A creative power. And I'll create a bride. I'll call her out. [Applause] Should be mine. She'll be my elect, my chosen, my beloved. For you shall go out with joy and be led forth with peace. And the mountains and the hills shall break before you forth before you in the sing. and all the trees of the field shall clap their hands. Amen. I don't know if you know what that is, but that's Holy Ghost revival. Little bride like Sarah, you're going to laugh and you're going to rejoice again. [Applause] And instead of the thorn and making another denomination and a thorny group of people shall come up the vert tree instead of the brier there come up the myrtle tree and it shall be to the Lord for a name for an everlasting sign that shall not be cut off. Amen. What a word of promise. What a prophecy. What a prophecy. Amen. Not only is it a prophecy, that's the prophecy. You are the fulfillment. Hallelujah. If he said, "Amen, I'm going to have a rapture." That word cannot return to him empty. It has to accomplish what he sent it to do. If he said, "We're going to be there without spot or wrinkle or any such thing, then I don't care how big your blemish is. We are going to be there without blemish. [Applause] Amen. Yes, sir. First Thessalonian tells us the word of God works effectively and has intended results in those that believe. Another translation says, "When you have faith, the word of God is a living power in you." Amen. The word became a living power within Sarah. It arrested her thoughts. It changed her attitude. Amen. It enlarged her faith. And finally, it changed her body. Yes, sir. Come on. The change had to start from the inside out. That's right. Amen. When Elohim came accompanied to with them two angels, she was faithless. She was hopeless. She was bitter. She was angry. She was old. She was set in her ways. She didn't want to be bothered. Come on. And if you ever read Brother Brandam on it, he said she was in a bad mood that day. But when he came, he turned her heart. And in turning her heart, she began to see herself as God saw her. That's right. Amen. She was the princess, the mother of nations, chosen, elect, desirable, no longer a forsaken woman, but sought after. Not even just by her husband, but a young king sought after her. She was so beautiful, but that beauty had to come from the inside first. Amen. There had to be a change of attitude, of mindset. Faith had to start to work within her. The change happens from the inside out. A desired healing always begins from the inside out by turning the heart from doubting, from the impossibilities to faith to believing. Yeah. Now Sarah had a change of heart first before the change in her body. She had to start believing she was a princess. She had to start believing she was a mother of nations. Not one by substitution either. Come on. Through a child of Hagar, but she was indeed the queen mother of the Abrahamic race. Amen. Amen. Oh, she she had started walking. When this change started on the inside, first thing you know, he called me a princess. He called me He called me princess. He said I was a mother of masons. Amen. and sed pretty soon instead of her head down low and stooped over, she began to walk like a princess. And now I just can't press like a woman, but I'll tell you what, she she held her head up high and God called her a princess. And that nagging feeling of I'll never be good enough and I'm too weak and my faith isn't very strong and I'll never have enough faith and I can never please God enough and it's too much. God just expects too much. That spirit of fear that just sneaks up on you and overwhelms you that keeps trying you, you know, you keep trying to pry his wicked fingers off of your neck. But I listen, God wanted her to know. Yeah, I've called you for a purpose. You are loved. You know, sometimes God just does things special like that. I had a brother in my church. He's gone on to be with the Lord now. Was died a faithful Christian. You know, I don't like preaching funerals too much, but it's a lot easier when you know one's really surrendered to God. Yeah, but I knew this man since he was young and dealt with him and his wife and through many things and you know he just was wicked. come to church, live, you know, lived a double standard, double life, everything. And out of church and in church and out of church and oh my, horrible, indescribably horrible, you know, so bad I've hardly ever done this. Maybe in 50 years of ministry, maybe I probably count on one hand how many times I had to do it. But I finally had to put him out of the church, turn him out over to the devil because he just wouldn't ever repent. Kept, you know, one one to, you know, sometimes people just go out and do whatever they want to do. Well, go out do what you got to do. But you're in the church and you're bringing shame and and and and trouble in the church and all of that. Sometimes you just have to say, "We don't want to do this. We've pleaded with you. We've tried. We prayed with you. We've we've we've cried on the altar with you, but we got to turn you over to Satan." And you know, sin pays his wages. He's laying on a hospital bill, some bed some 20 years later. And I went to him and I said, "Bob," I said, "You know, you've run for the Lord a long time, and now, you know, you're here in this situation. You're fixing to go to a serious surgery." And he said, "Yeah." I said, 'But God still cares. There's still hope. You don't have to keep on going in direction you can. You can turn around right now. And right there, I led him back to the Lord. And you know, he never walked again. Got around with a walker for a little while, finally to a wheelchair. But you know, he was sitting there in his house one day and you know, you've been scarred with sin and got all that guilt and shame and harm that has brought to your family and you see the seed you swed and you know all of that. You know, he was sitting there by the phone. He didn't we didn't we didn't very few of us had a cell phone in them, you know. So he he was sitting there by the phone was on the wall and he had a high chair that he just kind of sitting there and he was sitting there drinking his iced tea and and he was just praying said, "Lord, you've been so good to me. You've forgiven me of my sins and I know I'm forgiven, Lord. I know you did it, Lord. And I do believe you love me. But if you could just show me somehow, if you could just let me know that you love me. Now, I love you, Lord, and I'm telling you, I love you, and but I just love you to hear it, hear it from you. And, you know, he took his run out of his tea that he was drinking. So he, you know, with his walker just taking painful steps and made it around the the counter and got over and refilled his glass and painfully made it back all the way and and he's praying all the way, Lord, if you could just somehow tell me, I just so appreciate it, Lord. Just let me know somehow you love me. I've done so many things and you've forgiven me. I accept your forgiveness. and he just sat down and he said at the chair and said, "Hey, man." Went to sip of water and the phone rang. Well, I was out in my barn. I was a I've been a farmer and I was out milking and you know the Holy Spirit spoke to me said, "Go call Bob on the phone and tell him these words. Just say these three words to him. I love you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So I left the animals on the stand and I run outside and I I I grabbed a a phone where I could get a signal and I said, "Hey, hey, Bob, let me tell you something. I don't know what's going on and I don't know why, but God just spoke to tell me me just in this moment and let you know this. He wanted me to give you this message. I love you. And I don't care what you've been through and the scars in your life. He loves you so much. He gave his life for you to redeem you, to wash you, to cleanse you, to make you acceptable in his sight. Amen. Oh, God. You say, "Oh, Brother Tim, I just wish God would tell me that." Well, he does over and over again. I'm telling you this morning. Isaiah 43 and4 says, and this is God, you are precious in my eyes and you are honored and I love you. Amen. And then Psalms 46 says, "God is within her and she will not fall." Amen. John 15:9, "As the Father has loved me, so have I loved you. Abide in my love." But despite of all of that, many times we feel doubtful. How can he love me? I've never done anything worthy of being loved, you know. But this is what the God of the Bible says. You're worthy. God says you're worth fighting for. Exodus 14:14, "The Lord will fight for you. You only need to be still." You're worth fighting for. God says you're valuable. Come on. Amen. Are not five sparrows sold for two copper coins? And not one of them is forgotten before God. But the very hairs of your head are all number. Do not fear. Therefore, you are much value than many sparrows. Amen. Deuteromy said, "It is the Lord who goes before you. He will be with you. He will never leave you or forsake you. Do not fear or be dismayed." Thank you, Lord. Now according to the dictionary cinnamon synonyms for worthy are valuable, admirable, precious, worthwhile. Do you see yourself in that light? Are you afraid I just don't quite measure up? Do you understand how valuable you are in God's eyes? Amen. So much that you have been chosen and elected and predestinated and set apart as his beloved. You're not a nobody. You're a somebody. And you're part of the body. And you know what happened to Sarah? The peace of God be to rule her heart. And no longer did she have these negative thoughts that ruled her heart. You know, brother Brandham tells us, keep thinking on that. If there be any praise, if there be any virtue, think on these things. You can't get anything from God with a negative thought. He that cometh to God must believe that he is and he is rewarder of those that diligently seek him. Amen. So, we got to have the right mental attitude toward God's promise to bring it to pass that I'm chosen. I am loved. I am worthy. I am blessed. Amen. Amen. Oh, God help me. I hope I can preaching to a bunch of sleeping virgins today. Amen. The alarm clock going off. Wake up. You see the word of the son of man, God in clothes of a man, God in dust. His word begin to rule her heart. Oh God, that's what we want is his word to rule our heart, not our fears. Not our worries, not our anxieties, but his word to rule our hearts. Amen. Colossians 3:15. And let the God of peace rule in your hearts to the which you are called in one body, and be you thankful. And let the word of God dwell in you richly in all wisdom, teaching and admonishing one another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord. Let the peace of God take full control. Give it preeminence. Be thankful. When you start looking at your don'ts and your wants, be thankful for what you got. Amen. I've always given thanks. The word is to dwell in you richly. It's to is teaching, admonishing, and and psalms and hymns and and spiritual singing with grace in your hearts. Isaiah 26:3, "Thou will keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee, because he trusts in thee." So trust in the Lord forever. For in the Lord Jehovah is everlasting strength. Of course, the spirit of God is the word of God. They're one and the same. We're to be a word bride. That's right. And what's coming forth in this in this hour from from the church is a word bride. As brother Brandon said in the birth message, birth pains, she's fixing to bring forth the perfect word and the groom. The word is coming for the word bride as a woman is a part of the man so that the church will be will have to be a word abiding church. Every word of the Bible, every word spoke of the virgin must be fulfilled in this bride. She is the embodiment of the word. Malachi 4 says our hearts will be turned. So somebody's going to believe. [Applause] Hallelujah. When I get discouraged sometimes, and I do. Amen. I look at people instead of looking at the promise. And I have to get my eyes off of men and their failures and their faults. And I have to look back at the promise and said, "God, you said I'll have a bride and they will be without spot or wrinkle or blemish or any such thing." So therefore, as Psalms 57 says, "My heart is fixed. I want you to fix your heart on the promise." Oh God, my heart is fixed. I will sing and give praise. I'm keeping my mind, my heart on thee, oh God. I'll sing and give praise. Awake up my glory. Awake sultry and harp. I myself will wake early. I will praise thee, oh Lord, among the people. I will sing unto thee among the nations, for thy mercy is great as the heavens, and thy truth unto the clouds. Be thou exalted, oh God, above the heavens. Let thy glory be above all the earth. Hallelujah. He says again in Psalms 1:12, "Praise ye the Lord. Blessed is the man that fears or re rever the Lord, that delight greatly in his commandments or his word." Amen. Listen to what he said. Focus in right now. Every mother, every dad, right now, focus in on this next verse. His seed shall be mighty in the earth. Come on now. This is what he said. This is what's prophesied over your children. Amen. Come on now. Hallelujah. Oh, you know, I've had mothers get frustrated with their children. My kid must be a serpent seed. None of my kids are serpent seed. I ain't going to believe that about none of them. Amen. No, my children are called. They're elected. They're chosen. They are blessed. They're going to be there. And I'm not leaving a hook behind. Oh, no. I'm taking every every promise. I I claim my children, my their spouses now. I claim my grandchildren. They're all going. I'm not leaving any behind. Why? He said his seed should be mighty upon the earth. My My children are mighty upon the earth. That's what God's children are. That's what your children are. So I they ain't that way right now. I'm not talking about right now old decrepit Sarah. I'm talking about. Hallelujah. What's God said about your children? The generation, the offspring of the upright shall be blessed. The offspring of the upright shall be blessed. [Applause] Well, brother Tim, I just got to live poor on the earth. Wealth and riches shall be in his house, and his righteousness endureth forever. Unto the upright that rises arises light in the darkness. Amen. He is gracious and full of compassion and righteous. Amen. Watch what he says now. A good man showeth favor and lendeth. He will guide his affairs with discretion. And I ask you, is not God a good man? Then he shows favor and he gives. He guides the affairs of his house with discretion. He provides for his wife, the church. He loves her. I'm trying to tell you something. God really loves you. His favor is on you, Mary. Mary, you're highly favored. You had an angel come. Come on, somebody. You had an angel. You had a messenger. You had a messenger from God that come to tell you, you're highly favored. And I got a message for you. You're the virgin that's going to bring him back again. Hallelujah. Somebody's going to believe that. Amen. Somebody's going to look in the mirror of God's word and say, "Mama, that's me." Somebody's not going to try to perpetuate another generation and say, "Well, our generation failed and somebody else can take it." No, I am the generation that's going in. I didn't expect this to fail or to fall. I came here to win. That's right. And a winner never quits. And a quitter will never win. Glory to God. Yes, sir. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Good preacher. Surely he will not be moved forever. The righteous shall be in everlasting remembrance. He shall not be afraid of evil tidings. His heart is fixed. Trusting in the Lord. Come on, get your heart turned and fixed on the Lord. His heart is established. He shall not be afraid until he sees his desire upon his enemy. I'm going to see my desire on my enemy. I'm going to see my desire. Oh man, I'm going to see my desire on the enemy of cancer. On the enemy of disease, on the enemy that wants to pull away our young people. I'm going to see my desire upon my enemies. Hallelujah. [Applause] Fixed. You see, Jesus, you see, Jesus knew, as he says in the church age book, Jesus knew there's going to be a terrible drift away from the word in the Pergamian age, which was as yet 200 years off from the Patmas vision. He knew that the drift would cause them to go into the dark ages. He knew that the way man originally got away from God was was by first leaving the word. If you leave that word, you have left God. Thus, he has presented himself to the church at Pergamus and indeed to all the churches of the ages. I am the word. If you want deity in your midst, then welcome and receive the word. Don't ever let anyone or anything get between you and that word. This is what I'm giving you. The word is a revelation of myself. I am the word. Remember that. Amen. Well, oh, glory, brother Tim. We've received the message. We've welcomed the word. Yeah. God sent a prophet. Hallelujah. Yeah. You received that portion. Yeah. But what about the word about your healing? Yeah. Amen. What about this word? And the Lord will take away all sickness from you and will afflict you with none of the terrible diseases of Egypt which you've known. I want you to take note of this. We were taught by this message that no sickness is from God. Amen. Listen. He said he takes away sickness, not that he brings it. He promised he would not afflict us with any of the terrible diseases of Egypt. So let me tell you, all sickness is of the devil. God did not bring it to you, but he will take it away from you. Amen. It is a foreign life. It is a demonic life. And we have the right to cast it out. [Applause] Amen. So if you want deity in your midst, you're welcome and receive the word. All right. Quit thinking now. I'm sick. God, whoa, what did I do this time? How did I fail you? What did I do to deserve this? Oh, why are you always blaming? Why do we always blame our relationship with God? Like that he's watching out to get us that he's just waiting. He's just waiting for the slightest mistake so he can condemn us. Come on. You know how many people have tried to pin it on brother Ron that somehow he failed the Lord, that he's been disobedient, that he wasn't good enough, and he didn't do the right things. Surely that's why that he's sick. That sickness ain't of God. That sickness is of the devil. That's right. Well, I'm sick, Brother Jim. I must have failed God. You're sick because you're human. Cuz you're mortal. That's why you're sick. And your body was perverted from the perfection. And it's opened the ever tormented spirit of the devil. Because you're mortal. That's right. Brother Brandham said, "Satan's army brings diseases." That's what Satan is. He's a destroyer. Satan. The whole kingdom of Satan is sickness, death, sorrow, frustrations, worry, all on Satan. God is life, faith, joy, peace over here. That's the two great forces that's coming together right now. They're battling. They're battling right here in the building right now. They're battle day by day with you ever force. Satan following you along. That great big kingly priestly Goliath trying to scare the liver out of you. True. And you're fortified. Amen. With the gospel, with the word of the truth around your loin. Glory, preacher. That's what it is. Helmet of salvation, the shield of faith, the sword, waving it in your hand. Satan, I'm coming to meet you. You meet me in the name of science. You meet me in the name of culture and knowledge. But I meet you in the name of the Lord, God of Israel. I'm coming after you. Give way. Even death can't stand there. Chop a hole right through it. Amen. But brother Tim, you just don't know me. I I'm just not worthy to be healed. And I I I just I just can't seem to have the faith. I I've just done too many sins, bad sins. I've been too wicked in my life. I I'm just not worthy. But I I'll tell you what I'll do. You know, with your encouragement this morning, I I'll stand close enough to the table and just hope that God will throw me a crumb. Well, now if you're truly a sinner with unconfessed sins, that might be the case. So, I just give you a word. Repent. That's that simple. Repent. It don't take a lot of time. Come on. It just one moment of sincere believing. Come on. Confessing to God. Repent. Turn from it. Amen. Put it behind you. You know, I don't have the time to tell you all the details of it, but let me just get through this quickly. There's a sister in my church that I I was there in the prayer line when she went through the prayer line at brother Brandham's meetings and there was she was a young girl. She was a cheerleader in high school. I told this the other day to you some of you. She was a cheerleader in high school and her uncle came and to her. he'd kind of gotten among the full gospel and met brother Brandon's in the some of the meetings and um I don't think met him personally but met him you know by going to his meetings anyway he came and said hey there's a prophet there's a prophet in the land and God sent a messenger and and he was telling his sister and his niece there her name was Jeanie Jeanie was a cheerleader in high school Methodist girl very popular man, she'd picked up the slipping around smoking, you know, her mama didn't know it, so it was kind of hidden from her mama. So anyway, they got in the prayer line. It was one, it was an open prayer line. They just give everybody a card that wanted to come. They got in the prayer line and and they just wanted to go, you know, be be close to this prophet just to to be blessed. They didn't really have a particular need they didn't know of. But anyway, as she comes up, she's standing there and in the prayer line and about four or five people ahead of her, you know, it's a fast line. you know, they're just praying, passing them through, praying, passing them through, and God blessed us, and then Lord touched his heart and whatever. And as they were passing them through, Brother Brandham stopped the lady in front of her, about four or five ahead of her, and said, "Wait a minute. You're desiring a great thing. You're wanting a baby. But if you repent of that sin in your life, that cigarette you're smoking, God will forgive you and he'll grant you that baby. Wow. You know, Genie, she realized right now I'm exposed. I get in front of this prophet, he's going to tell my mama I've been smoking. I'm going to be in trouble. So, you know what Jeanie did? She bowed her head and said, "God, I didn't know how wrong that was. Forgive me right now. Watch me, Lord. Cleanse me from that. I'm so sorry, Lord. I I I take that from me." And you know what? Five people later, she passes through feeling the very presence of the angel of God. Not one sin was called out because now it's under the blood and not even a prophet can pull it out. It don't take forever. Amen. So if you need to repent, repent. Turn from it. Yes, sir. But if you're a redeemed son or daughter of God, that's just no way to approach him. You know, healing is the children's bread. It's designed, baked, especially for us. That's right. He was that meal offering that was ground, wounded, bruised, sifted, and made into bread. Healing is the children's bread. It's designed for us. Oh, yeah. Sometimes, oh yeah, even a prostitute will get a miracle. But as a bride of Christ, we're not asking God to feed the children and throw us a drum. Right? We need not crawl as dogs under the table hoping for a crime. Somebody help me preach. We're sons. We're his offspring. He by birth boy brought us into the family. And that's not how God wants his children to behave. Come on. We didn't come. We didn't ask for this position at the table. Amen. by his own design, by his plan, by his fornowledge. He birthed us into his household. And we are not an afterthought. We are pre-planned. We have his name. We have his identity. We are his children. And we have been called to come to his table. And by his design, we have a place to sit there. Yes, sir. Amen. And ain't the bread of healing. The bread of salvation, the bread of promise. Let's just take it and eat it with thanksgiving. Let's set it. Let's sit at his table. That son's not as slinking dogs under the table. Come on. Hoping that we'd get a crumb. Amen. Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Brother Brandham said, "Divine healings today is not for the unbeliever. It's for those who believe. The baptism of the Holy Spirit today is not for the unbelievers. It's for those who believe. Jesus died for believers, not for unbelievers. It's for those who believe. The supernatural follows. Who is supernatural minded? That's right. When the hungering and thirsting, when you got an expectancy, when you read God's word and expect to see God perform what he said he will do, God will do it. Be a crumb hunter. Amen. Amen. That's okay. Be a crumb hunter. But be willing to take a crumb. Every bit of it good. Amen. If you don't watch me and something falls under the table, I'll get it and eat it anyhow. You ain't nobody looking. Amen. Got this 3se secondond rule. If it's only been there 3 seconds, it's okay. But don't settle for a crumb. That's right. Listen, there's a seven course menu set before us. When God sets a table, there's an abundance. Hallelujah. Amen. He don't give a little. Come on, somebody. When he fed the 5,000, he didn't just give barely enough. There was nobody went away hungry and there was baskets of it left over. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. My it fed 5,000 men. If women, children were counted, then there would have been 15,000 with that small meal. And they ate as much as they wanted. They were all satisfied. He lavished so much food that there were 12 baskets full of broken pieces and fish left over. Do you ever think about that? There was there was enough to take home. Did you ever notice? You ever notice there's two accounts? He he fed 5,000 first time in Matthew 14. Then he feeds 4,000 second time in Matthew 15. Wonder what's the difference? Well, there was 5,000 took place near Bethada, which is close to the Sea of Galilee. There was 4,000 in the region of the Garrison. The first location near Bethea is Jewish. The second location is the region of the garrisoned. That's Gentiles. And what's the numbers, my child? Feeding of 5,000 represents the Jews. Five loaves. 5,000. You see, representing the old covenant, the first five books of Moses. And they end up with 12 baskets representing the 12 tribes of Israel. And the feeding of the 4,000 among the Gentiles represents the four gospels, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. Amen. And guess how many that little how many baskets they took up? They took up um seven baskets. Perfect representation. Come on, somebody. Amen. And there seven loaves were used and they took up seven baskets. perfect representation of seven churches making the fullness of the Gentiles. Well, the point of it is whether you agree with that or not, the point of it is when God sets a table, there is plenty. [Applause] Hallelujah. Not only is there plenty, there is overflow. Yeah. He's a God who's call himself El Shai. I'm more than enough. Amen. I'm not just barely a healer. I'm more than enough. I'm not just a deliverer. I'm more than enough. I'm the God who is more. Yes, sir. Brother Brandham said he said um in here in actton receiving the word he said I believe brother last evening brother David Duplicus I believe he did this congregation an injustice when we were on the road home we got in the car together and I looked down I said oh it's nearly 10:00 I said brother David I suppose I kept those people too wrong. And he said, "Brother Brandham, I think them people feel like I do. We're tired of hearing sermonets by preacheretses to Christianetses." So he said, "You know, that might encourage me to preach two more hours tonight. I I I Oh, I usually let out by 1:00, but I never I used to. I didn't. We just started good getting good at 1:00. We stayed there and praised the Lord all night. And it's too bad we ever got away from that, isn't it? And got into a 20minute intellectual sermon. I just wonder where all that came from. I wonder if we're not trying to pattern after the world a little bit too much. I believe if it hadn't worked in our ranks too much, think we should get out get out of it. You know, I just love to sit and mince and eat and mince and eat when I'm at the table. Now, that's a little bit southern for you people up here in Ohio, maybe, but we know what that means down in the South. We're big people down in the South. We know how to eat. And I tell you what, we like to mince and eat. What in the world does that mean, Brother Tim? Well, you know, you fill your plate up and you go to eat and then you run out of this, but you got to have a little more of this to go with this to be able to finish the meal. So, give me a little bit of more mashed ters. I need another piece of meat. I need, you know, she just mints. And you know, you know, you you're eating more when you're finishing up than what you started with. You see, and and so that's what it means. He said, "I like to mince and eat." You know, sitting at the Lord's table. Give me just a little more of that faith. I need a little more of that love. I need a little more of that grace. I I got to have it on my plate. I I want a greater portion. If you don't mind, I want a double portion. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come quench the thirst into my soul. Said, "Our pastor tonight preached about 45 minutes and I seen him look up at the clock and I said, "Yeah, brother Neville, you're getting it also. 45 minutes. That's not long enough to get started. He's getting just interested. I was just getting stirred up to a place. I was feeling good, you know, and then he cut it off. What a shame. I know you've looked at your watch. That's okay. You know, with as many of you that took naps while I was preaching, I got a lot of time. Amen. Be willing though to sop up every crumb, hunt for the last crumb on the plate. Amen. You know, because he promised us a good full square meal, the full seven courts menu for all the seven seals are open and everything ready for the word of God to those who can receive it. Amen. So why take a few crumbs when our restorations promises that the fat shall overflow with wine and oil and you shall eat in plenty and the floor shall be full of wheat and the fat shall overflow with wine and oil. And I will restore to you the years that the locust is eaten, the cattle, the ganker worm, the caterpillar, the palmer worm, my great army which has sent among you. And ye shall eat of plenty and be satisfied and praise the name of the Lord your God that have dealt wondrously with you. Amen. And my people shall never be ashamed. [Applause] Hallelujah. Take the bread. It's healing. Healing is deliverance. It'll satisfy the hunger. It satisfies taste. And I want to tell you, take the bread and dip it in oil. And then dip it in wine. Yes, sir. That's right. Oh, wine, brother Tim. Yeah. Now the power of revelation brings stimulation to the believer. For the power of wine, natural wine is to stimulate. It's to bring a person that's all slumped down like Sarah slumped down to stimulation. And when there's when now there's power of revelation of the word, it gives stimulation of joy to the believer. Stimulation of satisfaction, the stimulation that is vindicated, is proved is called the scripture. We want to refer to it as new wine. As we refer to it like that as days are drunk on new wine. All right. Spiritual wine. Amen. And he said as a natural wine reveals itself in stimulated power so does the new wine as it reveals the word of God which is spirit and it stimulates and it gives joy because God is the word. And the new wine stimulates when it reveals the word and then it brings joy beyond measure. Yes. It brings such joy to just get over flooded. Hallelujah. Amen. As Ephesians 18 5:18 said, "Be not drunk with with wine, with natural wine. We're in is excess, but be filled with the spirit." In other words, get drunk on the Holy Ghost. Come on. The spirit of God makes you so drunk, you'll forget your enemies. Come on now. Everything Everybody's in love with you. You don't care who's standing around you. You're the biggest man in the country right then. Come on. When you get drunk on that wine, you don't worry about enemies. Amen. It don't matter if your neighbor is sitting next to you and they go to a dignified church. Just let the Holy Ghost get on you one time. See what takes place. The prophet of God said, "Get right. Get real good. house drunk and you'll see what takes place. You'll say, "Sister, I got it. You want it, too. Something will take place." He said, "This Holy Ghost gospel is nothing but one great big powerhouse of joy." The Holy Ghost gospel is a perfect intoxication for every man that's got the blues. You take a drink of the gospel of Jesus Christ, be filled with the Holy Ghost, you're drunk until you leave the world. Joy unspeakable and full of glory is constant stimulation, constant intoxication, drunk night and day. Amen. Did you notice at the Passover that Jesus dipped the sap? That's good. I love it. Come on. He dipped this on. He didn't hand them dry bread. Hallelujah. There's too much dry bread being served today and the children are choking on it. So let's sit at the table with the filled with the spirit, the wine of God, eating the bread and flip it in an oil. And then hallelujah, you'll get to you go you'll get to doing things. Hallelujah. You'll go over and dip it over in the wine. get that stimulation of revelation. Hallelujah. And you'll start speaking yourself in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs and singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord and giving thanks all for all things to God. Glory. Hallelujah. Dip it. Dip the soop. Hallelujah. Amen. Let it let let us be sufficiently in, you know, impressed with the word in our midst. I can have healing because it's in the word. His attitude toward healing and casting Satan out is the same as it was when he walked the shores of Galilee. That's right. I can have peace. Peace I leave with you. My peace I give to you. Not as the world giveth. give I to you. Let not your heart be troubled. Neither let it be afraid. Right. Amen. Brother Brandham said he's left this word behind on printed page. It's a part of him when it's taken by faith into a spiritfilled life. And then he goes on to say he said what so when a spirit born spiritfilled man and faith takes that word into his heart places it on his lips. That's the same as deity speaking. Every mountain has to go. Satan cannot stand before that man. Amen. Amen. He said again in the Pergam in the church age that today when the church returns to the word in faith, we can say without doubt that the glory of God and the wonderful acts of God will be in her midst again. And she will cuz she's that little faith woman. She must know her position as a princess, as that little faith woman. Amen. You've got to position yourself in the promise of the word and realize you're called to be here in this age in this time. And so the restoration promised is a restoration or a return to the word in faith. And of course, as he said, without doubt, the glory and wonderful acts of God will be in her. So the word is not just mere theology. It's the word and power. And Jesus said the word that I speak, they are spirit and they are life. So you see again we cannot just teach the word. Amen. We must preach the word with power. Are you with me? Amen. You see the difference between Jesus doctrine and the doctrine of the Pharisees was his was with authority and it cast Satan out. Amen. That's exactly right. You see, denominations will preach a word with no authority. But we got more than a theology today. And the proof that it is the word is there is an authority that goes with the word that cast Satan out. Yes, sir. The Bible said they were astonished in his doctrine because he taught as one having authority. Amen. In Marks 1:27, they were all amazed and so much they questioned among themselves, "What is this? What new doctrine is this? For with authority he commandeth unclean spirits, and they do obey him." You see, this doctrine gives you authority over devils. It doesn't strip us and make us powerless. Well, brother Tim, now I tell you what, we are revelated people. We got great revelation. We we absolutely know more than anybody else. Praise God. Yeah, that's knowledge. And it puffers up. But it's not revelation. It's the revelation of God that will give you authority over the devil. Amen. So knowledge comes from human ability. Revelation comes by the supernatural. Amen. And so now we are seated with him as he said with power and authority over every devil. If you can only believe what God has given, but if you're seated there, you will use it for you ordained to do what you're to do. Amen. So let's don't turn this message into a powerless religion. It's the word of God and it's alive. Amen. is the word of God is alive. The Bible said the word of God is quick. That don't mean it's fast. It means it's alive. It's living. It's powerful. It's sharper than any two-edged sword. All scripture is breathed out by God. And it's profitable for teaching, reprove, for correction, for training, and righteousness that the man of God should be complete, equipped for every good work. It has living power. And it's interjective, energetic, and and active. And it is our vision, right? Well, brother Tim, I I've never seen a vision. Well, don't feel like the Lone Ranger. I ain't seen many myself. You know, there's some may see visions more than others. Some of them, you know, they're all right as long as they're scriptural according to the word. But let me tell you about this vision. Brother Brandham said, "I read the Bible sometimes and I get up and run around the chair and scream to the top of my voice and I cry a little bit and I sit down and read a little more and get up and run around again." And I guess if the maid or somebody would come by, they'd think I had a maniac shut up in that room. But you know, I like it. No matter what I act like here, I just feel good. I'm going to another land. See, and I like to hear about it. And you listen now. You can see a vision anytime you look into the Bible. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. You've been seeing visions all along and didn't know it. Every time you look in the Bible, you are seeing a vision. You are seeing God's thoughts of you. Amen. Don't limit it to being a book of history, just a book of moral code, but it's a vision. It's a prophecy. And what did it say of you? He told you, "Search those scriptures. In them, you think they are eternal. You have eternal life. They are they that testify of me." You see, they testify of a bride in this end time. Amen. You can look in the scripture. I can look in the scripture and see that I'm raptured. Yes, sir. [Applause] I'm not left behind for the tribulation. I'm not going to make it. I've already made it. Hallelujah. Jesus said, "I am the resurrection." And you should be able to say, "I am the rapture." Somebody asked me one time, "Buddy Tim, with all this going on, you think we missed the rapture?" I said, "No, no, we ain't missed the rapture. I am the rapture. [Applause] Hallelujah. He can't take a bride without taking me. I'm part of it. [Music] Amen. It's written. God has spoke of me. Amen. Now, you know, we we sometimes stagger at the truths of the word, but I want to tell you something. You know what faith is? It's simply believing that God will do what he said in his word that he would do. That is the truth. Amen. Amen. You see, this is what Sarah did. She judged him faithful who had promised. She believed that God would do what he said he would do. She didn't know how. She just knew that he would. And this is what Abraham did. Abraham simply believed that God would do what he said he would do. Amen. And God imputed to him for righteousness and he would not impute say sin to Sarah and neither will he impute sin to the bride. You're going to receive the son of promise. Jesus is coming back for you. Amen. in this evil day. In spite of the fact that you laughed, in spite of the fact that you have some sometimes said it's impossible for this old unbelieving church like me to be one that brings back uh brings Jesus back to earth. You know, now let me tell you, don't say I'm unworthy. Quit saying that. I'm not righteous enough. I just I I haven't done nothing to deserve it. But be happy that your iniquities are forgiven and that your sins are covered. Be happy and rejoice because the Lord will not impute sin to you. He said of you, you're without spot or wrinkle or blemish. You He said of you, you never did it in the first place. That's right. In my original thinking before the world began, you were that spotless, sinless bride. You're perfect in my eyes. Lord, there's a story all over the internet and other ministers have been spoke about it, but let me just talk about it. There was a a girl who others thought wasn't the prettiest of girls. She lived out, you know, on an island or some foreign country, you know, maybe a little more primitive than what we are here. But anyway, she was taught by everybody to be a little bit homely and very little worth and she always went down around with her head down and her shoulders drooping and could hardly look up at anybody, you know, always embarrassed. But there was a young man passed through her country and he was very wealthy and he was from a prominent family and he saw her and he loved her and he saw her potential and he went to her father and he offered 10 cows for this girl and that was an unheard of price. Come on. Nobody had ever paid 10 cows for a girl. The prettiest of girls were never worth more than two or three cows. And why? There were many in the village that thought a girl like this was only worth a goose and a chicken, you know. But he saw her and he loved her and he said, "I'll give something valuable for her. I'll give 10 cows for this girl." And later on, you know, a year or so after marriage and she went on to his home place, she come back to hers. And when she come back, she came on a carriage, you know, and and and carried there into the village. And there she was. This regal girl with a crown on her head. This same girl they thought was a little worth came riding in a carriage with her royal apparel with dignity with her head held high, her shoulders back. Why? Because her husband saw value in her. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Her husband saw value in her and it made her feel regal. She put her shoulders back, held her head up high. She was no longer this worthless girl. She was valuable. You know, God spoke of Israel in her restoration. And in Zephaniah 3:14, I don't know what translation I put down here, but you can try to follow along. Sing, oh daughter of Zion. Shout, O Israel, be glad and rejoice with all your heart, oh daughter of Jerusalem. The Lord had taken away your judgments. Oh, thank you, Jesus. He has cast out your enemies. The king of Israel, the Lord is in your midst. You will see disaster no more. In that day it'll be said to Jerusalem, "Do not fear. Zion, let not your hands be weak. The Lord your God is in your midst. The mighty one will save. He will rejoice over you with gladness. He will quite you with his love. He will rejoice over you with singing. Did you catch that? God sings. Oh, you hung up on me. Some of you just came back to church. Some of you just left. But those of you still here, God sings. Amen. Did you notice this? Let me tell you about this. God, you think his bride, he has chosen that we around here get a little emotional sometime. God is an emotional God. He ain't no dead pan. Come on now. He's an emotional God. He's not without feeling. And the Bible said, now I could list them, but you know, you know, you'd have to mince and eat a lot, but you know, God gets angry. That's an emotion. Mhm. The anger of the Lord has turned burned against people. God hates. You know what? I want to hate what God hates and love what he loves. But God hates, that's an emotion. You hate all those who do iniquity. God loves. That's an emotion. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son. God has compassion. I will be gracious to whom I'll be gracious. I'll show compassion on whom I will show compassion. God grieavves. But they rebelled and grieved his Holy Spirit. I'm quoting you the Bible. God laughs. God expresses joy. And he he says his joy is our strength. God rejoices for he says, "As the bridegroom rejoices over the bride, so you will your God rejoice over you." And Ephesians 2:10 says, "For we are God's workmanship." That we are his handiwork or his craftsmanship. We are his own master work. We are his work of art. Created in Christ Jesus to do good works which God prepared in advance for us to do. Do you know what that means? We are God's accomplishment. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, can you imagine? Can you imagine God doing bad workmanship? No, you can't. No. He's a master. He doesn't do bad work. Come on. So if you're still breathing, Yes. He's not through working on you. That's right. Amen. You are his workmanship. So he's working on you. But but brother Tim, my my faith is not too strong. Shut up. Just shut up. Let him work. He ain't through. You know you painting a wall over here and somebody you missed this box. Shut up. I get it. I know what I'm doing. This ain't my first paint job. And God says the same thing. You know, well, my faith is too strong. Shut up. Let me work. I know how to increase it. Well, I don't have much strength. I know how to fix it. I'm I'm working on it. Amen. And when he gets through with that little spot of mustard seed faith, that mustard seed faith will become rapturing faith. Amen. Are you with me? So God rejoices as he works. And he sings as he works. Oh yeah. He starts humming a song. [Music] You know, and he's working there and he's smoothing out wrinkles. You know you got some wrinkles. You know better than anybody, don't you? Blemish. Oh, that bitterness. Uh-uh. That ain't me. I got to work that out. He works it right out of you. No. No. None of that fear. That's not a me. I didn't put that in there. That's got to go. Nope. That ain't that ain't a part of my masterpiece. Amen. That unbelief, that ain't a me. Watch that out. Oh, here's a little secret sin. Nope. I can't let this lukewarm warmness be in my bride. That's a blemish. Let's get rid of it. and he washes it out. Washing by the water of the word and washing out all imperfection. And as God works, God smiles. And he sings as he forms his bride and he delights in her. Oh, and he sings as he works, smoothing out all the wrinkles, cleansing out every sin, all unbelief. And as he sings, he's looking toward his future. Oh, I want to see her and look upon her face. And there I'll sing forever of her beauty and her grace. And on the streets of glory we'll shout and we'll embrace. Satan's bound. My bride is crowned. Together we'll lift our voice. And he sings loudly. Did you know that? The Bible said in Zephaniah 3, he will exalt over you with loud singing. God gets loud when he sings and he says, "Oh, I want to see her happy and complete there with me forever. My raptured bride shall be. We'll honeymoon together for a thousand years of peace. Sin will be all passed. We'll reign at last throughout all eternity. [Applause] Hallelujah. So he works on you as he sings. Now what do you got to do? You got to quit the wrong thinking. Well, Jesus couldn't love somebody like me. It's not for me. I've got too many blemishes. I can't live it. I'll never be perfect. My faith is so little. I'll never be raptured. You know, you're talking the devil's language. That's not God's language. You know that you need you need to tell the devil that he's going to be brought to zero. And when you say that, you look down when you do it because he's already beneath your feet. Hallelujah. Now Sarah's thoughts displeased God. Because without faith, it's impossible to please him. I It's impossible for me to be a mother. I I passed up that opportunity long ago. I never had a another had another chance. You know, I was prayed for. You know, Brother Tim, I walked in victory for 6 months and and now I'm all sick again and and God healed me and I rejoice and somehow my faith got away from me and I lost my healing. Oh, is that so? Well, let me tell you about a man one time that Jesus called to come walk on water. This man didn't walk on water once. He walked on water twice. That's right. The first time he walked on water, he got his eyes on the wrong thing. On the billers and the rays and all the winds and the storms and the lightning bolts. And he got his eyes off of Jesus and he started drowning. But you know what? He took his eyes off the storm and put it back on Jesus and said, "Jesus, don't you, you know, reach out. Do you care that I perish?" And Jesus reached out a hand to him and Peter walked on water twice. I'm telling you, if you have fallen, You once walked on your water. You once walked in victory. You can walk again. God is a God of first chances, second chances, third chances, fourth chances, fifth chances. God is a God who will not give up on his elect. He has not given up on you tonight, today. And he will not give up on you anytime. Yes, sir. Against all odds, we have to believe. Amen. Now, we're going to have to be convinced of his promise. And I want to tell you what, I'm convinced. I'm convinced. When I lay hands on the sick, they shall recover. I'm convinced. Not because of the magic or the mystic power of my hands, but because he said I would do this. When I command evil spirits to leave, they're going to leave. Not because I'm a holy man. And so with a perfect record, my righteous because but because my righteousness is of him and he said of me in my name, you'll cast the devils out. Amen. That's the faith of a trueborn Christian. Amen. Let's just try to bring this down. Sarah kept looking at herself. But one day when the angel came, it caused her not to look at herself anymore, but to begin to look at the promise. And the Bible said she receives truth because she judged him faithful. Now, she had not been faithful. Right. She had doubted. She had lied in the face of God. But when she turned away from what she was to what he is and she judged him faithful who gave the promise. That's what gave her strength. That's right. Amen. So you see again th this is exactly where the bride will receive strength when she gets her eyes back on Jesus and she looks at the promise instead of the problem. Amen. And she begins to speak the promise instead of talk about the problem. Come on. When you make your problem bigger than God Amen. then you really got a problem. You got to get your eyes back on the promise. Sarah had made her situation bigger than God. And God said, "Is there anything too hard for me?" And that's what God's saying to you today. Is there anything too hard for the Lord? That's right. There's nothing too hard. No situation, no problem. Amen. You know, he's a good good father. As a boy, I was afraid of my daddy. I really was. When he come home from work, we scattered. I longed for his approval, but I found none. You know, he was a good man. He did many great things for me, and I appreciate that. But, you know, I could never measure up. I could never meet his approval. But you know what? When I became a father, I broke the cycle. I want my children to know they're my joy. That I'm proud of them. My girls, and I have three of them. They're all Christian, great Christian girls. They're daddy's girls. My son, you know him. He's my pride. He's the apple of my eye as my girls are. They don't have to guess about it. I tell them that. I tell them that they are loved. You know, any man who can't tell his sons and daughters that they're loved is not a father. He's only he, you know, he not only tells them, he shows them, he expresses it. And this all goes on down to my grandsons. I don't even call them my grandsons. I said, "These are my sons." They too are my sons. My granddaughters, they are my daughters. And papa's proud. Amen. They make me proud. I'm a proud that I'm their papa. Amen. I don't want them afraid of me. I want them to trust me. I want them to love me. Amen. Under the law, you know, there was only on one birth. You know, a man could be birthed under sin, but there was no new birth that could birth you into righteousness. But in the New Testament, that's not so. We got a new birth. And that birth places us in a relationship to God that we are actually his offspring. Now, I want to tell you, God wants to bless his people. Now, I'm going to read you some blessings if you'll go with me. Oh, I I didn't put the reference down, but it's chapter 28 somewhere. Maybe it's Deuteronomy. And it shall come to pass, if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of the Lord thy God, to observe and to do all the commandments which I command thee this day, that the Lord thy God will set thee on high above all the nations of the earth. and all these blessings shall come on thee and overtake thee. Did you get that? Blessings are going to overtake you. You see, surely goodness and mercy is going to chase after me all the days of my life. Come on. That's Psalms 23. Amen. Watch now. And he says in verse two, "And all these blessings will come on thee and overtake thee if thou should hearken to the voice of the Lord thy God. Blessed shalt thou be in the city, and blessed thou shalt thou be in the field, and blessed shall be the fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy ground, and the fruit of thy cattle, and the increase of thy kind, and the flocks of thy sheep, and blessed shalt thou be thy basket, and their store, and blessed shalt thou be when thou comest in, and blessed shalt thou be when you goeth out. And the Lord shall cause thy enemies that rise up against thee to be smitten before thy face, and they shall come out against thee one way, and flee before you seven ways. Somebody ought to say, "Mama, that's me." Amen. The Lord shall command the command, command the blessing upon thee, upon thy storehouse, and all that settlest on thy hands unto and thou shall be blessed thee in the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee. And the Lord shall establish thee as a holy people and himself as he sworn unto thee. If thou keep the commandments of the Lord, that God walk in his way. And all the people of the earth that see thee shall be called by see that thou art called by the name of the Lord, and they shall be afraid of thee. And the Lord shall make thee plenteous in goods, and the fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy cattle, and the fruit of thy ground, and in the land which the Lord swear unto thy fathers to give thee. And the Lord shall open unto thee his good treasure the heaven to give rain unto thy land and his season to bless all the work of thy hand. And thou shall lend unto many nations and thou shalt not borrow. Is somebody getting anything out of this? And the Lord shall make thee the head and not the tail, and thou shalt be above only and thou shalt not be beneath. If thou shalt hearken to the commandments of the Lord thy God which I command thee this day to observe and to do them. And thou shalt not go aside from any of my words which I command thee this day to the right hand of the left after other to go after other gods to serve them. If however you do not obey the Lord your God by carefully following the commandments and statutes I'm giving you today, all these curses will come upon you and overtake you. And you will be cursed in the city and cursed in the country. And your basket and the kneading bowl shall be cursed. And the fruit of your womb will be cursed as the produce of your lamb. And the calves of your herds and the lambs of your flock. And you'll be cursed when you come in and cursed when you go out. And I just want to say stop. Jesus. Galatians 3:13. Yes. Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law being made a curse for us. For it is written, "Cursed is everyone that hangeth upon a tree." Hallelujah. None of the curses, none of the curses, none of the curses apply to you. Jesus took your curse, only the blessings. Oh, the blessings. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. My God. We could read all the way through Romans chapter 8, and you can do it later. But I want to tell you friends, we're not a cursed people. He took our curse. [Applause] I want you to get it. Amen. Yes, we should have been killed. We should have been wiped out. But grace overtook us [Music] if it were not for grace. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now I'm closing. You've been wanting to hear that a long time. Genesis 21 and1. This is good. And the Lord did visit Sarah as he had said. And the Lord said to Sarah, did to Sarah as he had spoken. God fulfilled his promise, didn't he? For Sarah conceived and bare Abraham a son in his old age, at the set time of which God had spoken to him. And Abraham called the name of his son that was born to him, who Sarah bare to him, Isaac. And Abraham circumcised his son Isaac, being 8 days old, as God had commanded him. And Abraham was 100 years old when his son Isaac was born in him. And Sarah said, "Watch. God hath made up me to laugh, so that all that hear me will laugh with me." And said, "He who should have said unto," and she said, "Who would have said to Abraham that Sarah would have given children to suck? For I have borne him a son in his old age." Now, let me tell you something, church. Yeah, Sarah laughed at the promise and should have been destroyed, but she not only had grace over that life, she had the last laugh. And there's an old proverb that says, "He that lasts lasts best." Hallelujah. But here she looked now at this promised son and said, "God has made me to laugh." The first time I was laughing in my unbelief. Now I am laughing cuz God have made me to laugh. Oh hallelujah, brother. We are about to get the last laugh. Are you with me? Somebody help me preach right here. We're going to get the last laugh. Amen. when I when I see when I watched my wife, you know, gasping her last breath and taking her last breath. But brother, that was that was what the devil did do. But I'm going to get the last laugh. Amen. I'll see her young again in a vibrant body, never to age, never to get sick again. Somebody help me preach. Amen. I'm going to have the last laugh. Amen. The devil has laughed at me and mocked at me and tried to disqualify me. You're not good enough and you're, you know, you're lame in your feet and you've got this and you got problems and others have discredited me, but I'm going to have the last laugh. [Applause] You ain't seen nothing yet. Amen. The devil's been laughing about this cancer, about our brother Ron, but we're about to get our last laugh. Hallelujah. Oh yeah, brother Tim. The 15y old boy preacher's getting gray in his head. Let me tell you, I'm going to get the last laugh. You ain't see me yet when I put on my new clothes. Hallelujah. When I get my new body, when I get that that that matches my soul. Amen. I'm going to get a body that was never lied in, never smoked in, never drunk in. Amen. That was never sin in, never evil thought in. I'm going to have a body that's a masterpiece to my soul. Yeah, I'm about to get the last laugh. Amen. I tell you, you are about to get that last laugh. God's going to give you a life over that sickness. You're going to rejoice cuz you're healed. You're going to rejoice cuz your children are coming back in. I'm prophesying over you. I am telling you what the word said. You will be blessed in the field. You will be blessed coming out. You'll be blessed going in. All that you will do will be blessed. Come on, church. You are about to get the last laugh. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. I'm going to be like a new kid in my new clothes. Amen. I'll tell you what. I'm going to look over here and I'm going to see a redheaded Ron Spencer. Amen. And I'm going to grab him and I'm going to dance with him. We're going to be like little boys in our new clothes. Amen. We're going to say ain't no devil, ain't no demon ever able to pull us down. We are more than conquerors in Christ. We're going to dance. We're going to shout. We're going to rejoice. We are more than conquered than heaven. Hallelujah. Now, start rejoicing now cuz you can prophesy. You're going to laugh over your enemies. Hallelujah. The enemies you see, you'll see no more. You're going to walk in victory. You don't have to let that sickness control you. You control that sickness. Laugh over it right now. I'm more than conqueror through him that loved me. God bless you, church. Amen. Those were two different mountains there in Deuteronomy 28. There was a there was a mountain on the left and a mountain on the right. And the children of Israel passed between those mountains going in the promised land. And God had Moses appoint a group of men to stand on the mount of cursing. And it was a group of men that stood on the mount of blessing. And while the people passed into the land, they would scream out the cursing from one mountain and they would scream out the blessing from another mountain. And I tell you, when I began to read that as a young man, I said, "God, you never anointed me to stand on the bless the mountain of cursing to your bride. You anointed me to stand on that mountain of blessing where we prophesy blessing over this church." Amen. The Bible said, "Prophesy again over these people." Amen. And I certainly believe God has blessed us today. Amen. How many enjoyed the word of God today? Amen. What a blessing. What an absolute blessing. What a power. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Be flat. Well, it is joy unspeakable and full of glory, full of glory, full of glory. It is joy, unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, that has never yet been told. I have found his grace, his all complete. He supplying every need. Oh, I sit and learn at Jesus feet. I am free and free indeed. All it is is joyspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory for. Oh, it is joy unspeakable and full. Oh, I have has never yet been told. I have found the pleasure I was afraid living in peace within. [Music] Oh, from the awful I see. It is joy unspeakable and full of the glory for Oh, it is full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh, I have found that home so bright and clear. Living in the realms of grace. Oh, the Savior's presence is so near. I can see his smile where it is to speak more [Music] than full of glory. It is joy speakable and full of glory. I have found a joy no tongue can tell. How it waves of glory. Oh. Oh, it is like a great overflowing springing up within my joy unspeakable [Music] and full of glowing is joy speakable and full of glory I have has never yet been told. I have found the joy. No tongue can tell. How it waves of glory ro. It is like a spring up within my [Music] [Music] singable full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of [Music] glory. Oh, it is joy. It is joy unspeakable and full glory full of glory [Music] for glory. The hand has never yet been told. Oh, happy [Applause] day. Ooh, happy day. When Jesus [Music] was Oh, when Jesus walks, he washed my sins away. [Music] Happy day. Happy day. When Jesus [Music] fall, when my Jesus fall, he wash my sins away. [Music] He told [Applause] me to fight and pray [Music] Rejoice, [Music] rejoice every [Applause] day. Every [Music] day happy day. [Music] Jesus wash away. When Jesus walks, he wash my sins away. Are you happy this morning? Oh, you're a 10 count. You ought to be happy. Happy day. [Music] Happy day when Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus. He wash my sins away. Happy day. Oh happy day. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Glory. Amen. Let's sing this here as we come to the end of this service. [Music] Sometimes I fall to my knees in prayer. Come Jesus, [Music] come. Let today be the day. [Music] Sometimes I [Music] feel like I'm going to [Music] break. Here it is. But I'm holding on to a hope that won't fade. [Music] Oh, come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return. Heal every hurt and write every wrong. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. Deep down. Deep down. [Music] Oh, so come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. Oh, there'll be no more. There'll be no war. There'll be no [Music] change when Jesus comes. Let today be the [Music] day you come for the week. And the strongest the [Music] same. Oh, and all will believe. Oh yes. In the power of his name. Sing this last verse. Oh, one day he'll come. Oh, what a promise. And we'll stand to face. Come and cause [Music] me. The time is right now. There is no need to wait. Oh, your past will be washed. Yes, my [Applause] [Music] river. Oh my Jesus. [Applause] [Music] So for me [Music] He need you right [Applause] now. Oh deep down. [Music] So come Jesus [Music] [Applause] come Jesus come. Amen. We welcome his return. Amen. We know certainly I was just reading this week on expectations and brother Bram said when you know the blind man come he was expecting a healing when the lame came he was expecting to get up and walk. He said but we're expecting him tonight to take us home. Amen. And that's what I'm expecting. I'm expecting for him to take us home. Amen. And I certainly believe that we have so enjoyed these meetings and we we so thank these brothers for coming and and what a blessing they have been to us. Amen. We have so enjoyed the word. Amen. That has been blessed. And I I wonder at this moment may we just bow our hearts. Amen. And father we thank you for the word that we have heard this weekend. The grace that you have given us as an assembly Lord. Father, for the blessing, Lord, of the hearts to receive, Lord, for you certainly have done a wonderful work among us, Lord. And we see your great and mighty hand as it moves among us, Lord. And and Father, we are eating the bread. We're believing, Lord, the works of your faith among us. And we ask you, Lord, that your mercy would just come, Lord, and and may you deal with these hearts, Lord, that have had great move in their life. I pray the confession be strengthened. I pray that negative things would be thrown away, Lord. And Father, we thank you for the grace that you've given, for the blessing, Lord. Now, keep your children, Lord, until we return together. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. And amen. What a what a tremendous weekend. What a what a a a full meeting of grace and and tremendous word. Amen. We certainly love you all. Amen. Regular service will continue here on Thursday night. God bless you. We love you in Jesus name. Amen. You be dismissed in Jesus name. Thank you. One day he'll [Music] come and stand face to [Music] face. Come and lay it all hands. [Music] Does tonight be [Music] today? The time is right now. There's no need to wait. [Music] Your past will be washed. Oh yes. By rivers of [Music] praise. Come Jesus come. We've been waiting so long. [Music] For the day you return to heal every word and guide everyone [Music] Oh king now I know this world is in. Come Jesus [Music] come. Oh come [Music] Jesus. Oh there be no [Music] more and there'll be no chance. [Music] Let today be the day. Oh yes, you come for the [Music] weak and the strong does the sea. Oh, and all will [Applause] be in the power of his name. Come Jesus come. [Music] Waiting so [Music] long for the day you [Music] return. I am [Music] God is [Music]
