################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-21 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘A Prophet, Not A Reformer' - (Thurs 432025) - Wayne Lawson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-21
Title:   Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘A Prophet, Not A Reformer' - (Thurs 4/3/2025)
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAlC-zUHqIY
========================================

Where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see as brother Wayne comes through out of love. A hopeless cave, an empty place. Oh, if not for grave, where would I be? Where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see. Through eyes of love, a hopeless case, an empty is not. Oh, let's sing. Amazing grace. Amazing grace, how sweet, how sweet the sound I once was. But now I'm found a hopeless case. An empty place if God. Oh, where would I be? Where would I be? You only know. You only see it through eyes of love. A hopeless case, an empty place. Oh, if not for grace. Oh precious Lord, take my hand. Lead me on. Let me stand. A hopeless case, an empty space if God. [Music] Oh, amazing grace. Amazing grace, [Music] how sweet the sound I once was. But now I'm in an empty place. Oh, if it gra. Amen. If it wasn't for his grace. Amen. There's a little song on my heart that we we sing once in a while. And I will praise the Lord. I don't know what to do. I will praise the Lord. [Music] I will praise the Lord [Music] no matter what tomorrow will bring. what it has in store. I know I will praise the Lord. Yes, I will praise the Lord. [Music] I will praise the Lord. No matter what you want to bring, why it has sto. [Music] Amen. Well, certainly what we're going to do is we're going to praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. In the good times and in the bad. Amen. Amen. We certainly want to thank each of you that is able to be here tonight and say God bless you and a special blessing to you. I know it's a Thursday night and a week in the middle of the week. Many of you have worked and been here, but we thank the Lord you was able to be out here tonight and support of the word of God. We certainly thank you. God bless you, Sister Martin. Sure to see you here tonight. Amen. Amen. And each one of you. And Amen. We're uh certainly praying tonight for the Johnson family and Amen. Brother Samuel's uh life and long wonderful life, full life. Amen. But his his family, you know, brother Mark and Sister Lucille and the families and that's their daddy. And it's a great change coming to their homes. Amen. But we certainly trust the Lord and Amen. We we thank God for his life and and for that family. Amen. what they mean to the message of the hour. Amen. Amen. Tonight, we just want to, if we could, just before we go to the word, let's just bow our hearts. Amen. Heavenly Father, we thank you tonight for the grace that you have given, Lord. We thank you for this congregation that you have gathered in here in this room tonight, Lord, knowing that, Father, that your mercy, Lord, has called them, has spoke to them, Lord. assembled them together, Lord, around your word. And we just ask you tonight, Lord, that as you are here, Lord, in our midst, by promise, you made it, Lord. You said where two or three are gathered in my name. And we ask you now, Lord, as we make you welcome here among us tonight, that your great spirit would have preeminence, Lord, that you would take over the realm of this atmosphere and this people, Lord, and that you would walk the aisles of the building tonight, Lord. And Father, as we endeavor to speak something on your word, but we ask you, Lord, that you would just unveil it to each heart and the spirit of revelation and wisdom would move in tonight, Lord. and may it quicken us to what your word has been meant for us in this season, Lord. Now, Lord, we ask you for these things tonight, believing. Father, we ask it in the mighty name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. And and God bless you tonight. If you have your Bibles, Amen. Amen. If you have your Bibles, Amen. Let's turn to Revelations the 6th chapter and let's look in the first verse. Revelation chapter 6 and verse one. Amen. Revelation 6 and verse one. I'm going to be continuing on this uh thought of the opening of the word and but I'm I'm just moved into this the Revelations contained under the seals and instead of having two or three titles, I'm just going to go to this Revelations contained under the seals. But we're still on the same uh thought as we was before. Amen. Just uh just going and under it. This will be part two. Amen. Sunday we was on that. And Amen. If we can look in Revelations the 6th chapter and the first verse. Amen. Revelation 6 and1. And I saw when the lamb had opened one of the seals and I heard as it was the noise of a thunder. Now one of the four beasts saying, "Come and see. And I saw, and behold, a white horse, and he that set up on him had a bow, and a crown was given unto him, and he went forth conquering and to conquer. May God bless his word tonight as you could be seated. Amen. The EQ in my ear is a little off, Ben. It's maybe too bassy, I think. Um, Revelations 6 and 1 and two. Amen. looking at this tonight at the the revelations contained under the seals. Now, I I love how Brother Brandham approaches these things when he says it's the ministry of the seventh angel to solve out these mysteries. Amen. So, now we know, amen, that the ministry of the prophet was to solve out these mysteries. Amen. And to give them to us, amen. So that they're no longer uh standing in a symbol form. A uh we have read this quote several times and I want to continue reading it throughout this series because I I want I want it to just sink in our hearts where it's just where it's just so simple when someone says to us the third pull. Uh, of course, brother Brandon will say it. He'll say, "Now listen, not now the very day when this messenger, not when he starts, but when he declares his message, the first pull is a healing and the second pull is a prophesying, but the third pull is the opening of the word." So when you say, someone says to you, well, the third pull, it's the opening of the word. Amen. The third pull is the opening of the word. It's the mysteries revealed. Now there is no higher order to reveal the word than a prophet. But the only way a prophet can be vindicated is by the word. And remember the third pull was the opening of them seven seals. Amen. So the opening of the word is the opening of seven seals to reveal the hidden truth that's been sealed in the word. So it won't be something that is not written. It was something that was written but yet hidden. But it took a prophet to bring it out so that the church could see it. Now that was exactly uh what the ministry of brother Brandham his was to do. Now he had a first pull and he had a second pull and most of the world was easily went with him on the first and the second. But when it come to that third pull that was the part, amen, that they would back away from. They wanted to get away from that because, amen, denominational systems and schools had been set up to tell us what the Bible means. Theologians had studied their whole lives in education and societies. And here come a humble man with a sixth grade education without denomination as like Elijah coming out of the wilderness. And he comes saying, "This means this and this means this and this means this." And they said, "What school did you come from?" He said, "By God's grace, none of them." Amen. He was schooled out on the back side of the desert meeting the angel of the Lord. You know, remember that time a fellow tried to tell brother Brandham about the Godhead and he said, "You don't understand." Brother Bam said, "What what is the Godhead? What's it mean?" He said, "Well, it's three persons." He he said, "And one God." Brother Bam said, "What school did you go to?" Amen. Three persons and one God. He said, "See, you you couldn't have got that out of the Bible or you couldn't have got it out of the gospel. You'd have had to got that out of a school somewhere." And Amen. They'd had to taught that into you because just common sense would tell you that that a person is a personality and you can't have three personalities and one God. Amen. Amen. So he was just he was just real simple and he said things real simple but the profound depth was he was absolutely right. Amen. He was absolutely right. And I love it how he begins in the first se seal by saying to us, I'm positive sure tonight that we have the revelation on this seal. Amen. Now, brother Bam will actually tell us this because he said the lamb is standing now tonight in the sixth chapter and he's got his book in his hand and he's starting to reveal it. Now, here, Brother Brand begins to preach the seals, the opening of the word, and he's telling the church, the lamb has the book in his hand tonight, and he's starting to reveal it. Amen. So, he's letting you know that he has been in contact with God concerning the opening of this book, and he's going to start revealing it now. And under the revelation that was coming to him, Amen., And brother Brandham was going to lay out something very powerful of for us is that the messenger that was to preach these things was not going to start a church. Isn't that amazing? Brother Bam says I'm not going to start a church. Amen. He said now all these others he said that have come up he says but this man this this messenger that is to reveal these things he's not going to start a denomination. So the minute someone begins with that denominational spirit, it's not the message of the hour. Amen. Now I know that they they have formed all kinds of messages or denominations around the church and around the message and they don't call them denominations, but they're glass walls, right? Amen. They they form they get a they get a form or an idea and then if you don't fit in that, then you can't fellowship with us. Amen. That's kind of a a concept, but it never was one that the prophet brought to us. It was one that was developed under the same spirit that began with the first seal when the horse rider come with an antichrist teaching or a doctrine. Amen. Now watch what happens. Brother Mam says this one won't start a church because this is the Leoysia church age. is the last age and the messenger of the seventh angel which is the seventh messenger of the seventh church is the fellow that's going to reveal by the holy spirit these mysterious things and he's going to how many he was here last night brother preached the breach he said now listen there you'll see it in the 10th chapter all right the reformers come to reform the last fallen church age preceding them he says then after the reformers come and reform the church age he said it went right back into the world and then they started a new church age. They always done it. They always did. They went through it. See, in other words, here come the Catholic church age of the Roman Catholic Church. Here come along Luther. He was a reformer. Amen. And what does he do? He starts right there hammering away. And when he does, he protests the church. And the first thing you know, Amen. What does he do? He builds the same thing that he d come out to drive out another church. Now I I'll get to this later maybe, but the prophet will say that of course Revelation 17 talks about the and her daughters. And brother Bam said, "What's a daughter is something that come out of something." He said, "So you see the daughter was a was a Protestant that had come out of the harlot." Amen. But because they were reformers, they went right back to the same harlotry that their mother had committed, which was denominationalism. Amen. Now watch what he says. See, he says, see, reformers come along. He says, and they hammer, he says, but they hammer away and they protest it. But the first thing you know, what does he do? He builds the same thing that he come out of. He said, then they have another church age. Then the first thing you know, the church age is a mess. And along comes John Wesley, another reformer. And he builds another church age. Get what I mean? Another church age is built up. They're all reformers. He says, "Notice this last message of the last church age is not a reformer. He's a prophet. He's not a reformer. He's a prophet." Now, in paragraph 192, let's just start for the next couple paragraphs and watch what Brother Bam does. He's not a reformer. He's a prophet. He's not a reformer. Show me one prophet that ever started a church age. He's a reformer. Amen. He's not a reformer. He's a prophet. Amen. Others were reformers, but not prophets. Amen. If you would have been, the word of the Lord comes to the prophets. That's the reason they continued on in the baptism and the father, son, and the holy ghost and all these other things because they were reformers, not prophets. Amen. But yet you were great men of God. saw the need of the day. They lived in and anointed them and they sent out there and tore those things to pieces, but full of the word of God never came because they were not prophets. They were reformers. That's 12 different times in just a very short spot. He says to you, they were reformers. They were not prophets. They were reformers. They were not prophets. That's how that they could go in and like the Roman church, they could so protest against what was going on in the church, but then they could continue right on with trinitarian doctrine. So today, people who who look at the message and maybe they come from a Lutheran background or they come from the reformation of the early ages and and they'll agree right with us on communion, but when it comes to the godhead, they're lost because their reformation could not solve out what the godhead was on the baptism and things. So they continued right on smoking a pipe and Luther went right on drinking. He went on right on with trinitarian doctrines. But he was a part of the reformation that brought the church out so far. But but then it just created another church. And brother Bam says, "Watch John Wesley doing the same thing. He reformed it out." He he said, "Well, if the same God that justifies you is the same God that'll sanctify you." Amen. Amen. I That'd probably be a good message to preach in this generation, wouldn't it? The same God that justifies you is the same God that sanctifies you. But under that sanctification message, they still had a trinitarian doctrine. They could not receive the nine spiritual gifts that Paul had put in the church. Amen. And yet, Amen. They were a church, but they were not they were not a church under revelation. They were a church under reformation because Luther was a reformer and Wesley was a reformer. They come from God, but they were reformers. But the Bible made a prediction that the last messenger would be a prophet. Amen. And being a prophet, brother Bam says he'll have to be a prophet to take up these mysteries. Amen. Because the mysteries can only be known by a prophet. Now, I'm going to slip in the second seal for a moment with you. And brother Bam says, "Now, how does God reveal his secrets or his mysteries? He does it according to the Bible in Amos the 3 chapter." Amen. Amen. Surely the Lord our God would do nothing until first he reveals it, his servants, the prophets. Surely God would do nothing. Now, if we're looking at the end of the world and we are looking at the challenge of the age we're living in, of tribulation and Israel being restored and the world falling apart, surely if God's about to do something, wouldn't there had to been a prophet? Amen. We've had reformers. We've had good churches. We've had it. But we didn't have a prophet. Amen. But God made a promise for a prophet. Amen. He made a biblical promise for a prophet. And in Revelation chapter 7, you'll see then or Revelation chapter 10, you'll see in the seventh verse that the seventh angel has to be a prophet because he's going to give the mystery secrets of God. Now, I love how Brother Bam really breaks it down because he said the mysteries he's solving here is the word. He says, see, it's the secrets of God. And I love how he says it. It's the love secrets. Yeah. He calls it the love secrets. Remember Christ the mystery. He's unfolding his love secrets and that's how he gets her closer to him all the time. So the more that he unlaces his word, the closer you get to God. That's right. Isn't that amazing? The more word and I don't have a good way to say it, but I'll say it a couple times. You'll catch it. Amen. The the more he unfolds his word, the closer you get to God. Amen. Because reformers left you separate from God. But under a prophet's revelation, you was in the mind of God as a part of God. And as the word is unfolded out, you begin to realize that you were a part of God from the beginning. But without a prophet, you can't get that close to God. Amen. But as you see, Amen. reformers Luther and Wesley. Look how far they didn't look anything like the original. But as the word be to be revealed through a prophet, it put you in a perfect image that was in the mind of God from the beginning or the foundation of the world. See, the full word never came to them because they were not prophets. So, amen. If you're if you're in here tonight and you study theology or you got family and they're around, they said, "Well, why is it that only Brother Brandham preached this and so and and and the Lutheran didn't or the Wesleyans didn't or the Pentecostals didn't?" It's because they were reformers. They wasn't prophets. Amen. Now watch this because you can even watch the Pentecostals come and how they caught the godhead right there in the 1900s, early 1900s. They started catching the water baptism and the deity of Jesus Christ begin to restore under his name, but they still had their women preachers. They still had confusion and all the gifts and things. And Amen. My my in-laws sitting here, Brother Vernon, was a part of that Pentecostal church early on. Amen. He can tell you a lot of stories about some of the things, amen, that was done in those churches. And and and I thank God for people that that had been in those Pentecostal churches and had come out under the message cuz they can flat tell you that what we got right here is not a zoo of Pentecost. This is produced by the message of the hour. As I promise you this, you preach one of these sermons in a Pentecostal church and you would find out that this is not Pentecostal. Amen. This is the seed that was hid in the shock. And when the seed began to develop, the shuck said, "We don't want you no more as long as it was under the first pool. Everybody could shout." Under the second pool, oh, there's great revival everywhere. But when the third pull began to come, the sun begin to call for the ripening of the grain. And the grain begin to declare its independence from the rest of the of the plant. Amen. Because it had the original life. It's not just going to produce a tassel. It won't just produce a stock, but it'll produce everything that was in the original seed all the way back to the word of God. Oh, I thank God tonight for that original word. For that original seed, my Amen. I I I I I don't want to get too spread out, but I'll just throw something to you. Amen. How do you know the difference between Cain and Abel? Brother man said it was that original seed. See, it was the that was the difference. They were both worshippers. They both went to an altar. They were twins out of the same womb. And even even said, "Cain was a man from the Lord." Do you see what the church will do? It'll hybridize and bring forth a child and call it of God, but it'll never be able to meet the sacrifice and it'll always be intellectual and it will always persecute the original seed. Hallelujah. And I'm glad tonight to know that there is a difference between the original seed and the hybridization of people taking the message or taking the Bible, putting it together, and it always persecutes. My goodness. I I stand here today and I I was listening to the prophet today and he said this. He said, "You show me one place in the Bible that the intellectuals ever spoke for God." He said, "They always fought God. They were always against God." He said, "And that's the very ones that put him on the cross." Amen. And spirits don't die. And the very ones that are crucifying the message of the hour is intellectuals in this age hybridizing the word of God. Amen. Through reformations and ideas of man. Oh, but God sent a prophet for an original seed, for original church, for an original bride. There's only one way. It's through that original word. Thank you, Lord. It's the full word of God and it can never come to them because they were not prophets. Looking at the bride and asking it why it don't believe like the Lutherans is like the seed looking at the stalk. Why aren't you like us? Well, it's because we have seen an advancement in the word. We we believe the reformation. And you'd be surprised at how some of the Lutheran or the Presbyterians believe in justification just like you do and maybe do a better job in saying it sometimes because it's all they got. Say it real strong. They really do. They're real strong on that point. But it's funny is because even the Lutheran and the Presbyterians that came out under that reformation, do you know they they actually exalt St. Augustine of Hippo? They actually exalt him. They think he's a great hero among them. But see, it was under reformation. Yeah. Because when a prophet come along, we found out different, didn't we? Watch this. Brother Bam said, "The last days, it'll have to be a prophet that'll take up these mysteries to bring it back." Now, people ask, "Why do we need a prophet?" See, the mysteries has to be a prophet because it was only known to the prophets. It has to be. See what I mean? He can't be a reformer. It's got to be a prophet. Because it's got to be somebody that's gifted and set there that catches that word. See, the reformers know there was something wrong. Luther knowed that. He knew the bread wasn't the body. And so he preached just shall live by faith. That was his message. And when John Wesley come along, he saw the sanctification. So he preached it. That was his message. The Pentecostals brought in the message of the Holy Ghost and so forth. But in the last days, in the last age, the messenger is to not start any reformation, but he is to take all the mysteries that reformers left off and gather them and saw them out to the people. The ministry of William Brham, the third pull, is to take all these things and saw them out for the church. That's right. As gifted as he was, as much vindication as he had, as much healing and visions that he gave the church was only vindications that he would be able to have a voice that would follow the sign. That's why brother Brandham said anybody that tries to have this type of ministry, if they go right on down the regular course of teaching, it doesn't come from God. because he's showing you if God's doing this, it's because he's going to do something. He's going to say something. How many of you ever heard the message, the voice behind the sign or the voice of the sign? Now, they call it a voice of the sign, but what that really means is there was a sign and there's a message follows it. And if you believe the sign, believe the message. If if it's a true sign, it has a true message. And I say it was true. Very true. Amen. And he's to reveal the truth of it. See, now watch. That's why that they could smoke a pipe, do what they were doing. Amen. And treat. Now, now, Brother Bam does a tremendous job here separating a prophet from a reformer. Yeah. He does a tremendous job. And he's doing it for you and I. Now, when we go back on these tapes and things, he's helping us understand, amen, that men can be spiritual and men can have gifts, but there's a difference in a reformer and a prophet. Now, watch this because I just done some studying. Brother Bram says it here in the first seal. He said when Martin Luther made the proclamation that all Jews ought to be run off and their buildings burnt down because they were antichrist. Martin Luther made that stealth uh statement himself in writing. Hitler just fulfilled what Martin Luther said. Why? Because he was a reformer, not a prophet. Now I I just went back and Dr. Google. He's he's got a ton of uh uh information for you and and you you actually can read books and sermons written by Martin Luther and and and and some of the uh some of the very works that he has. One on this is the Jews and their liies. That that's a publish that's a publishing of his the Jews and their lives. And the book that he published it in on the front page is a big pig. Yeah, he's saying something cuz the Jews are don't like the pork, you know, and he has a big pig. And Martin Luther, not being a prophet, but his his 65,000 words on the Jews and their lies, Amen, was actually published and reprinted five times within his lifetime, written in 1453 years after his death. It is believed that Luther was influenced, Amen. in these and uh he was a uh published uh let me just keep going here. He man um I'm trying to look for the exact wording on this. Luther and the Jews in their blindness wanted nothing to do with faith and justification of faith. So because they wouldn't accept his message. Now what he says here is their lies. He said the Jews are a base whoring people. That is no people of God. Their boast their lineage their circumcision and their law must be accounted as filth. their synagogue is a defiled bride as an incorruptible and an evil Argues that their synagogues and their schools should be set on fire, their prayer books should be destroyed, their rabbis forbidden to preach, their homes raised, their property and money confiscated, and they should be shown no mercy or kindness, afforded no legal protection. these poisonous, envied worms should be drafted into forced labor, expelled for all time. He also is advocating for their murder by writing these words, "We are at fault in not slaying them." Because he was a reformer, not a prophet. You see, a man can preach kind of true. And God blessed the truth that Martin Luther preached, but we are not Lutheran because he was a reformer. He was not a prophet. Do you see there's a huge difference in a prophet and a reformer? Amen. Morris Galilo asked Brother Brandham and said, "Is these Jews Antichrist?" Brother Brandham, "Is the Jew the Antichrist?" I said, "Mors, and you a Jew?" He said, "The greatest god-haters there is, brother Bam Morris." He said, "Tell me in the scripture, where the Antichrist come out of Jerusalem?" The Antichrist come out of Rome, not out of Palestine. He said, "See." He said, "Well, look, they're God haters." He said, "Yes, but didn't God say he blinded their eyes that we might be able to see?" Amen. Now, watch, Brother Bam is saying he's a He said, "Watch now. He was a reformer, not a prophet. My prophet blesses Israel. And whosoever blesses him is blessed. And whosoever curses him and cursed. How can a prophet stand and deny what another prophet said and remain in harmony. Amen. But I'll tell you what it is. The Roman Catholic Church done such a good job of saying the antichrist spirit was something besides themselves that people began to look at the Jews as the very antichrist. And a reformer like Martin Luther didn't have the eyesight to look into the word of God and come out with the answer. Amen. But we've had a prophet in this generation, a revealer of divine truth that has set the thing in order. Look what he says in Isaiah 44. How could you disagree with Isaiah when he said, "Remember, oh Jacob and Israel, for thou art my servant. I have formed thee. Thou art my servant, oh Israel. Thou shalt not be forgotten of me. Hallelujah. If that was just one scripture, but let's go to the other one. In Isaiah 14:49 and 14, but Zion said, Lord, thou hast forsaken me, and my Lord hath forgotten me. He said, "Can a woman forget her suckling child that she could have no compassion on the son of her womb? Yay, they may forget, but yet I will not forget thee. Behold, thou art graven thee upon the palms of my hands, and my walls are continually before me. God can never forget Israel. Amen. Watch what he says in the book of Romans. Paul straightens it out. Said, "I would not, brethren, that you should not be ignorant of this mystery." Brother Bam, when he speaks of this, Amen. in the in the fifth seal, he goes, "Mistry." And he just he just clears this. You watch Brother Bandom when he wants to catch something, he'll clear his throats about three times. Amen. This mystery. What's he doing? He's telling you it's a mystery. This is why it was hid from the reformers, but a prophet, lest you should be wise in your own conceits that blindness is happened to Israel until the fullness of the Gentiles come in. And so all Israel shall be saved. My, don't that make you feel good tonight? All Israel shall be saved. Amen. Now, somebody said, "Brother Wayne, how in the world could all of Israel be saved?" Not all of Israel is Israel, but there is an elected in Israel that shall be saved. And God can never forget them. How could he forget them? Amen. He took him as his firstborn son. He would not forget him. That's what he told Moses. I have remembered my promise 400 years and God had not I tell you what brother Brandham said. He said Moses had forgotten and the burden of it had got so bad on Moses that Moses had forgotten and lost interest in God's people. He said but God was still interested. He said in the pillar of fire come to remind the prophet I have not forgotten my people. I'm going to deliver them and I'll send you to do it. Amen. That same God, he may have been silent for 2,000 years, but anybody ought to look up tonight and know, Amen. The same time, Malachi 4, 7th angel, this man, William Brandham, come into the earth, and an angel begin to meet him. At the same time, Israel was becoming a nation again because God hath not forgotten Israel. My goodness. Amen. Watch what he says. Israel shall shall be saved. it is written shall come out of Zion deliver and shall turn away the ungodliness of Jacob for this is my covenant unto them will I take away their sins and concerning the gospel and concerning the gospel Paul's gospel God's gospel concerning the gospel they are enemies for your sakes but as touching the election oh God hey when you talk about the gospel. They're an enemy for the gospel. But if you want to talk about election, if you want to talk about election, God has never forgot Israel. God can't forget Israel. Amen. Said, "Preacher, what's what's wrong with you?" I'll tell you the difference in a reformer and a prophet. That reformer Luther could call them every dirty name. He could curse them. He could say they needed killing. But when God's prophet come along, he stood there and he said, "Oh, Morse, they're not the Antichrist." because of the gospel. Amen. They are an enemy, but they were only blinded for your sake that you and I as a gentile might receive the glorious gospel of Jesus Christ. Had Israel received their Messiah, you and I would have never had an opportunity. Oh, but according to the Bible, he would hear the prayer of the destitute and he would restore the tabernacle of David. I will call out of them a people for my name's sake. Us Gentiles, idlebearing, mon polytheistic believing. Amen. Had no opportunity. A bunch of heathens. But God rich mercy blinded his own child and opened the door to you and I. Thank you, Jesus. My what a beautiful revelation. What a beautiful revelation. Thank you. You said, "Brother Wayne, is that real real scripture?" Oh, yes. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. They said to them Jews when they were coming back, now I'm going go back to the prophet for a moment. He said, they said to them Jews when they were coming back into their homeland. He said, "Are you coming back here to die?" They said, "No, sir. We're coming back to see our Messiah." Oh, God. Oh, Lord. Yeah. We're coming back to see our Messiah. Hallelujah. Do you know the greatest sign to the gentile world is Israel? Brother said, "You want to know what time it is? Look at Israel." Do you know the Bible said in the book of Hosea that he would gather her again in her lands and then he would revive her and she would live before him again. They're already gathered. But Israel's not saved in progress like the Gentiles. The Bible said they're saved in an in a day. A nation saved in a day. Rome destroyed in an hour. The age of the quick work. Things are getting quicker and quicker and quicker and quicker. Come on, church. Amen. I want you to realize there don't have to be another opening of the book. Throughout the gentile ages, the gospel was distorted and preached every which way through the Catholic doctrines and teachings. And they messed everything up. But God, rich in mercy, sent a seventh angel and unsolved the mystery. And when this book goes back to Israel, this book is already solved out. It don't have to have restoration. You remember the other day we were in Ruth. How many remembers that we were in Ruth the other day and we were talking about how Ruth and Naomi come back. the fig tree portfol. And there the gentile is returning with Ruth and Ruth is in her marriage season. Come on. The redemption of Israel and the marriage of Ruth is happening at the same time under the testimony of Boaz. I have redeemed them. Here comes a prophet with an open book. A testimony. I have redeemed them. Marriage is taking place. Naomi is coming back in her homeland. Amen. And all of a sudden, the scripture tells us that Boaz marries Ruth and they produce a child. They produce a baby. My Amen. I remember years ago, brother Biscll broke the revelation on this and he said, "My" He said, "There Naomi is an elder woman. No children. Her breast is dried up. There's no life in her to feed a child. But when Naomi has her young baby, she takes it to her mother Naomi. And Naomi is refreshed. And the Bible says she is able to nurse the child because it's refreshed her. Oh, church of the living God. This message will revive Israel. It's It's the same child. It's the same message. It's not a different message. Amen. People people get all messed up in Revelations 11 because the Bible said when the seventh angel begins to sound. Revelations 11:15 it said the seventh angel sound and the Bible said the kingdoms of the world shall become the kingdoms of our God. And they think well there's got to be some other ministry of brother Bannon whatever. Listen. No, no, no. He's already saw out the message. But the seventh angel's message goes into Israel. Amen. And when it does, it brings on the millennium. Yeah, listen. The pillar of fire is bringing on the millennium. He has come and he will not leave this earth until Israel has been restored. He's going to leave this Gentiles. He's going to pull away from them. He's already doing it. You see it happening. Preacher, I tell you, you're coming back to die. No, we're coming back to see our Messiah. Amen. Returning to see our Messiah, brother Ma'am. See, he he takes it right then and he goes right on. He says, "There it is. Them Jews." Amen. Them Jews are returning to their land. Now, Brother Bam's a biblical prophet. And he said, "Now, I'm not a student and have big words like these other men." Yeah. He said, "So I have to use the Old Testament as a shadow and he said, "If we can see the shadow, we know what's coming." So a prophet reaches into the story of Joseph. And he goes back there and he picks up Joseph and said, "Look how Joseph in the beginning, he's going to be the leader, right? He sees the vision and the dream he would be leading his brethren." And he tells them the vision and is a rejected king. Because the brethren don't want to submit to him. So they jump on him, beat him up, throw him in a pit. Sounds like he'll die in the pit. But he ain't going to die in the pit. You know why he can't die in the pit? Because he's Joseph. He's going to save the whole tribe. Amen. All of Israel will be saved by his going in that pit. I love it. I love how scripture says the little things. It says when they're walking away, they're talking about killing him. Remember? And when they're talking about killing, one of the brethren says, "Just don't take his life." That's the same thing they said to Job back there. God said to the devil, "Do anything you want, just don't take his life." Remember that. Don't take his life. So, he's coming out of the pit. No matter what it looks like, the visions, he's coming out of the pit. And when he comes out of the pit, they sell him. They put him at and I I won't preach the whole story of Joseph, but just so you see, it looks real bad at times, but yet look, the whole time he's on his way to something. He's on his way to a throne. When when he finally gets there, I'm I'm not going to preach on Joseph because I ain't got the time. when when Joseph finally gets to the throne and he becomes over the famine that's in the land and he becomes just like a Pharaoh and and and and next to Pharaoh is only when he's different from Pharaoh because he's Joseph and they give him a wife while he's in Egypt. Yeah. So, here is a Jewish leader, the king among them, rejected, and in his rejection, why they think he's dead, they don't even know he's alive, but yet he has taken a gentile wife. Do Do you see? They put the blood on his garment and gave the bloody garment to the father and said he was dead, but he wasn't dead. He was alive. Amen. And he was alive in another country where he had become the Lord of the Gentiles. Our Jesus Christ, who they say is dead. The Jews right now, he's dead. But he's not dead. He's alive. And he's ruling on the throne of God. Amen. And they don't even know it. But our Lord Jesus, who has become the husband to a gentile bride, Yeah. Watch. Amen. Begins to have children and he's fellowshipping down there. But he can't forget he has family. He can't forget Israel. He knows Benjamin is still alive. I don't have time to preach on all these points, but I'll say this. Brother Van said, "When that Benjamin returns, that's that new Jew." Amen. Benjamin, he said them others was down through the ages. But that Benjamin when he comes, he said his hand should be turned to those little ones, Benjamin is on the scene. Amen. Now, now watch when whenever that the when they come down to Joseph to get food, remember he speaks in the Egyptian language and hides himself, he disguises he's he's dealing with them, but he's hidden from them. And and he tells them, "Go get Benjamin and come back." And and when they come back, when Benjamin returns, he takes them in a private place. And I love how scriptures are placed. And the Bible says he was in a room with just them. Brother Brandham picks this up and says, "What's happening is before he reveals himself to his brothers, he puts his wife in the palace." Yeah. right now. Now, if you know the story, folks, now I love stories because if you you get the young people here and you tell them a good story and you our Sunday school teachers, God God bless them for their labors and their work. Uh, Sister Mary, you're a superstar over at the Lawson Home. Eevee tells me that's the nicest person. Sister Mary's the best person in the world. Now, Dee, I'm gonna tell your age. She was one of my Sunday school teachers when I was a kid. Yeah. And I might not remember much more honestly for years from 9 year to 21 than my Sunday school classes. But what I what they did was they taught us stories, Levi. And in those stories are subjects and characters. And they're so simple that even kids can catch them. Yeah. But in the story of Joseph, the wife is not in the palace when he reveals himself to his brethren. So watch, brother Bam so simply puts it, the bride is not on the scene while he reveals himself to his brethren. Now, what does this tell us? Because the scriptures are telling us that Jacob's trouble or the time of the revealing of Jesus to the Jews happens in Daniel's 70th week, which is the tribulation time, right? So, the bride is not in tribulation. Watch a prophet nail it down. The Jew is not Antichrist and the bride is not in tribulation. What's he telling that what's he telling that denominational church? You have no right to place the Jew. You have no right to place the bride. You have no right to place the antichrist. But it'll take a prophet to do it. And when a prophet places you, that is called adoption. Hallelujah. It's an adopted church. It's a position church. We have been put in this word. We know who we are. We know what we're here for. We know where we're going. We know what tomorrow. Because this is not a reformer. It's a prophet. Hallelujah. I am not ashamed to call William Brandham a prophet. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm not ashamed of the message or the messenger. That's right. Amen. What is it? Amen. There's two things being revealed here. Israel is not the antichrist and the bride does not go into the tribulation. Brother Bam said, "Why would she go in the tribulation? She is totally absolutely sinless before God." How was she sinless? It was by the blood. And if we walk in the light as he is in the light, then we have fellowship with him. What is it? As the word is unfolded, it reveals the mystery of God and places the church under the blood. My that's how that's how that Israel could crucify Christ and still have a place in election because they crucified him before the Holy Ghost came. Is that right? He said, "Do it to me and it shall be forgiven you." But when the Holy Ghost comes and you do it, then it shall never be forgiven you. He was showing you that God had hid them under the ignorance of their attitudes. They had blinded them that you and I might receive them. Amen. That you and I could receive the gospel of Christ. That we might come in under election. What is it? Amen. Watch Brother Bam says it. see Joseph and he shows that gentile wife first seal now he said Joseph left Joseph rose up he said oh my that's it and Joseph rejected by his brother and given a gentile wife Pharaoh give him a gentile wife have gentile half Jew symbols Jacob when he began to bless them he took the blessing from Ephraim and put Manasseh on the other side and crossed his hands and he put the blessing on the younger instead of the elder. And the prophet said, "See there through the cross the blessing come on the Gentiles, bypass the Jews." But God never forgot the Jews. Don't get mad at the Jews. Thank God. Think of the Brother B said he blinded his own people. Thank you, Jesus. That you and I. Thank you, Lord. That you and I might have an opportunity. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. It was a It's not that important. It's so important to God that it would blind his own children that you could see this message. Thank you, Jesus. It's so important to God that he would make his Israel firstborn son wait. Oh, hallelujah. Until this bride was ready for rapture. Thank you, Lord. I was just I was just reading here today, just kind of carried away in here listening to Brother Bam. He's in the second seal and he says it's got to be straightened out. We've all presumed at it. It's been through the church ages, but the hour has come when God speaks. The hour's come when God speaks. Well, if you're listening to the seals and you listen to the first seal, then you listen to the second seal, you'll hear something in that statement. But the hour has come when God speaks. Remember he said, "You that's wondered what those thunders were," he said, "Go back and read in John 12 and see what it says." Jesus said, "My soul is troubled. For the hour has come that the Son of Man must be glorified." And Brother Brham said, "There it was the hour, amen, that he was going to go to the cross." There was an hour. He said, "But what about the hour when the bride is to be glorified? What about the hour?" Amen. What about the hour we're living? when God begins to speak and begins to declare the difference between Israel and the bride, begins to lay it together. Now, I'm going to repeat this for some of you that wasn't here. Brother Bam said, "The thunder is a clapping noise. A thunder is the voice of God." Now, I'm going I want I want to say this real slow because I don't want you to leave this this room. If you're here in this room, I don't want you to ever be confused about this subject again. Yeah. I'd like this to be the end of confusion on this point. The voice is a thunder. Brother Bam said, "John knew it was the voice of God." Amen. Brother Bam says it like this, and this is so powerful. We found what the thunder means. We know it. The thunder was the voice of God when the seal opened. When the seal opened, see it was a thunder because it was a white horse, a bow, no arrows. It was a symbol. So it was a thunder. Though God spoke, it was a thunder. It was hid. But when a prophet speaks, it's not a thunder. It's a voice. It's not a confusion. It's a reality. It's not him saying it could be maybe, perhaps. So, it could be this. No, it's him saying this is that. Amen. The white horse is that, the bow is that, the seal is that because this is not the hour of confusion. It is the hour of revelation. Come on, church. You know, Brother Bam said every one of these seals, it had a beast said, "Come and see." And brother Bam said those beasts were anointings. And you could only operate under the anointing of your age. He said that first one that come was a lion. He said then there come a calf and then there come the man. He said but the last one is an eagle. Watch. And you don't know what the others are until the eagle comes along. And the eagle comes just before tribulation because he's going to reveal the antichrist so the bride can escape the tribulation. This message has come to give you an escape from denomination, the antichrist, from tribulation, from the lust of this world. The message is your escape. And I saw a door opened up into the heavens that said, "Come unto me." Amen. What is it? It's God's word opening, telling you, "Come out of the tradition. Come out of the idea. Come out of the reformation. Come into the divine revelation of the word of God." That'll carry you on eagle's wings into the presence of God where the devil lost and the power of God is real. Election is true. Realities are strong. This is not a reformation. This is the revelation of the word of God. I'm not guessing I'm bride. I know by the word I'm bride. Glory, brother Mike. Throughout the ages they guessed. Maybe I hope so. Think so. Maybe so. But this message has revealed the mystery. Brother man said called your name. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Glory. This word. He is not the author of confusion. It's clarity and revelation. Yes. Not laying at night pulling your hair trying to decide what's right. It's relaxing and saying, "God, this prophet told me the truth." Come on, church. The truth will make you free. Hallelujah. Free to be raptured. Free to be delivered. Free to move out into the presence of God. It's the truth that does it. It sure is. Listen, brother said it. He said, "Look now." He said if you are hearing these things he said listen I want you to know Satan marks his people by unbelief and seals he teaches this he said he marks them by unbelief. Now what does that mean? He says, "When they hear the truth of it and they had more pleasure in unrighteousness, wow, than in the truth, he said, just like the Old Testament, he said when the Jubilee sounded, it was a call to return to freedom." Yes. He said, "But if they had fell in love with their masters, if they loved what they were in, he said they had a choice." And remember, they would all their ear and they would put an earring at them to mark them. They've heard it and turned it down. And the prophet of God said that's what Satan will do when unbelief starts over you. He said he'll nail you to the wall and deafen your ear that you will never be able to hear it that way again. When it sounds in your heart, that's the truth. It don't matter if you can explain it. It don't matter that you can tie all of it together. You listen. Some people said to me, "Brother Wayne, I can't put it all together like you can." Well, you know, maybe God called me for this part. Yes, that's right. But he called you for that part and your part is the believing part. It's saying God, that's the truth part. Come on, folks. You can't tell me Hattie Wright knew everything about everything that was going on in Brother Bam's ministry. But she knew it was the truth. And when she said that's nothing but the truth, Brother Bam, she opened up another dimension. And we might not understand everything we hear or everything we read, but we know it's the truth. It's the truth by the grace of God. And the prophet of God said God seals his believers. He seals them with a Holy Ghost, with a Holy Ghost and power. My, when I think about it tonight, it's a truth that God has brought us into. Won't you stand to your feet with us tonight? The truth, that's what sets us free. Amen. The truth. Amen. Right. That's what gives us liberation. Amen. You can live your whole life thinking the Jews is the Antichrist, but five minutes under a prophet and it'll clear up. Hallelujah. Yes. You know why? Because God sent him to clear it up. Yes. Amen. That's right. And he said it's simple. But Ray, so guys like us could get it. Yeah. Simple. He just said it simple. The Jews, not the Antichrist. The Antichrist comes out of Rome, not Palestine. The Antichrist is religious. It's not communist. And it begins its first ride on an anti-word horse. Lying. That's right. False teaching. That's how it slips in. But the truth, the truth will unveil it. Yeah. It'll unseal it and let you see it. Yes, sir. Thank you, Jesus. The truth. Truth will give you deliverance. Thank you, Jesus. Truth. The truth will let you know who you are. The real The real truth. And see, Sister Esther, don't matter how you get up in the morning, whether you feel bad or good, you you're still Esther, right? Yeah. But the more sure that you are, the less confusion you have. Yeah. But you ever start wondering if your name's Esther and who's your dad and is your mom and is this my family and this? Then confusion starts. But but the more you're sure who you are, who your parents are, what your foundations are, the more clear clarity you have on yourself as an individual. Will you let that start happening to you in the spiritual Because see, Satan tries to take your identity on this perhaps. Oh, oh, well, you had that failure. You said that. You You thought that, you felt that. Yeah, but we're talking about identity. See, it's different, right? Yeah. We're talking about identity. Who are you? But if you carry the name of a Christian, then you ought to act like a Christian. That's right. Truth. Amen. To act like a Christian. See, it's the truth. It's the truth that'll set you free. See, Revelations contained under the seals. Powerful stuff under there. little simple things but under clarity. See, this is the hour, right? This is the hour. I had it laying here. I don't want to read it all, but I I have it laying here. This is the hour. And brother Bam said, "See, when he separates this tribulation, this foolish virgin, this Jew, this bride," he said, "See, remember, he went over, he went over there and he had him a plane ticket and he said, "I'm going to go I'm going to go preach to the Jews." He said, "They'll receive the sign of Messiah." And he said, "The Lord called me over behind the hanger and said, "The time is not yet." Yeah. The time is not yet. The ministry, he didn't say what you got won't do it. He just said it's not time yet. And when brother Bram said that, he said, but see, he comes back and preaches the seals to the bride. And then he says, see, this is the great hour. Yes, sir. Yeah. to tell the bride how to prepare for translation faith. See, I look folks, I thank God for a prophet, [Music] sir. Look, look, I'm and and I'm I'm a Boy Scout, so I'm I'm gonna pre predate this with this. I'm a Boy Scout. I I was one badge from Life Scout, which is next to Eagle. So, I was way up in the Boy Scouts. And you know what? Scouts are always prepared. I got a generator. You know, I got gener. So, I'm not being I'm not being like like you got a family, you know. I got a freezer. We can we could go a week without going to the grocery store, maybe too. But I'm not preparing for tribulation. Come on now. Amen. I'm not preparing to stay here. [Applause] Because this message teaches you translation faith. It's teaching you how to let go of the world. It's teaching you how to release yourself out of this world in this leadya and rise up in his favor. Hallelujah. Oh, I thank God for it tonight. Thank you, Jesus. I wonder if we could just raise our hands, say, "Thank you, Lord, for truth. Thank you for truth, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you for a message, Lord. Thank you, heavenly father. We give you praise for it tonight. Oh, hallelujah. We thank you for it, Father. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. I just thank God he opened my eyes. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. I thank God he did it. Amen. You made a way. Thank you, Jesus. when our backs were against the wall and it looked like it was over. You make [Music] you savior. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And we're standing here only because you made the way. Oh, you made a way. [Music] When our backs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over, you made a way. And we're standing here only because you made the way. You move mountains. You cause walls to fall. perform miracles. There is nothing that's impossible. [Music] And we're standing here only because you made the way. You move mountains. You move mountains. [Music] You call [Music] with your power. [Music] Performing miracles. There is nothing that's impossible. [Music] And we're standing here only because you made a way. Oh, you made a way. Yes, you made a way [Music] when our backs were against the wall. And it looked as if it was you. [Music] Way and we're standing here only because you made the west singing. You move mountains. You move mountains. You cause walls to fall with your power. [Music] There is nothing [Music] that's impossible. [Music] And we're standing here because you came away. [Music]
