################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-16 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Moving From Symbol To Reality' - (Sun 3302025) - Wayne Lawson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-16
Title:   Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Moving From Symbol To Reality' - (Sun 3/30/2025)
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iu0ghNgeiNQ
========================================

One day when heaven was filled with his praisees, one day when sin was as black as could be, Jesus came forth to be born of a virgin, dwelt among men. My example is here. The word became flesh and the light shined among us. His glory revealed. Living he loved me. Dying he saved me. Mary carried my sin far away. Oh rising justify one day. [Music] Oh glorious day. Oh, glorious day. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Oh, one day they led him up Calary's mountain. One day they nailed him. [Applause] [Music] suffering anguish, despised and rejected, bearing our sins. My redeemer is here. The hand that heal nations, stretch the tree, took the nails for me. Oh living love that stands for the way he comes very he car [Music] [Applause] justified forever. One day he's coming. Oh, glorious day. Glorious day. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. This is our verse. Oh, one day the grave could conceal him no longer. One day the stone rolled away from the door. Then he arose over death he had conered. Now is ascended. My lord ever more. Oh death could not hold him. The grave could not keep it. Rising again. Living dying he carried my sins far away. Christ he justified freely forever. One day he's coming. Oh glory living he love me. Living he loved me. Dying he saved me. He carried my sins far away. Rising Jesus freely forever. One day he's coming. Oh glorious day. Oh glorious day. Glorious. Glorious day. Glorious. Glorious day. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. What a what a powerful powerful atmosphere this morning. Amen. In his presence. And it's certainly good to be in the house of God. Amen. And to Amen. And as we bow our hearts, Father, we come into this meeting today, Lord. And Father, we know that the highest order of worship is your word. And Lord, you commanded us that we must worship in spirit and in truth. And I ask you today that your mercy would just come upon your people, Lord, as you would bless them. I ask the spirit of wisdom and revelation, Lord, that it would move upon this church today. I ask you to lead us, Father, in your word that you may bring healing, Lord, and deliverance to those in have need of. We ask you for life, Lord, to be exhibited, Lord, in this sanctuary this morning. That Lord, not only would we preach truth, Lord, but may your great spirit vindicate that word, Lord, that may you bring the spirit of revelation behind it. We ask you now, Lord, as we enter in your word that you would lead us, Father, in Jesus name we pray. Amen. And amen. And God bless you. If you have your Bibles today, I'd like to turn to the book of Revelations, the sixth chapter. We have been speaking uh on the opening of the word. Amen. And uh from Revelation chapter 6, I would like to read two verses of scripture. Of course, we have maybe several scriptures to go through today, but uh these would be the place that I would like to start. Revelation 6 and verse one and verse two. And I saw when the lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard as it were the noise of a thunder. Now, one of the four beasts saying, "Come and see." Now, those four beasts are talked about in Revelations the 4th chapter and also in the book of Ezekiel. We know that's a lion, an ox, a man, and an eagle. So, this was the lion that said to him, "Come and see." And I saw, I like that. And I saw, and behold, a white horse, and he that had sat on him had a bow, and a crown was given unto him, and he went forth conquering and to conquer. Amen. May the Lord bless his word this morning. You could be seated. If I could, I want to continue on this the opening of the word, but I would like to speak to you about revelations that are contained under the seals. Revelations contained under the seals. Now, I'm positive as I stand here this morning to you, as positive as I stand here that we know the truth concerning that scripture. Amen. This is uh beyond guesswork. It's beyond uh projected ideas and and this person says this and this person says this. But I believe that we have arrived at a very beautiful time. Uh we appreciate that song very much. Amen. We've arrived at a very beautiful time and we know it's the time but uh of Satan's Eden, but it's also the time of the bride. Amen. And I I'll say that uh we find that this season that we're living in is a season when these things are to be made known and the truth concerning uh the symbols of the Bible is to be open. We find this here in in Revelation chapter 6. We find uh brother Brandon will say it like this. We find the lamb with the book now. And now in the sixth chapter we read. So uh we we we find that the lamb has the book now. Of course, we were just a previous chapter in Revelations, the fifth chapter, and you're seeing, Amen, that there was one there, amen, that had a book, and a book couldn't be looked upon, couldn't be touched. Amen. It was it was held in the hands, and it caused John to weep because nobody was worthy that they could open that book. And and there was an elder among them that said, "Wait a minute. There is one that's worthy. It's the lion, the tribe of Judah." Amen. And when John turned to look, he didn't see a lion, but rather he saw the lamb. Amen. And the lamb was able to take the book. And now starting in the sixth chapter, it begins with the lamb has the book in his hand. That's the way it begins. And then and then when John begins to see it, amen, he sees a symbol go forth. But that's all he writes about is the symbol of it. But the prophet will say this, "I'm as positive as I'm standing here tonight that it came army. I'm not prone, amen, to be a just to be a fanatic." he tells us, but he's positive that he has the revelation concerning what was behind this seal. Now, the seven seal book is a a book uh that is now being released from the lamb. I love how brother Bam keeps pointing back at this in the seal book, and he keeps saying the same point over and over. This sealed book has now been released. This sealed book has now been opened. This sealed book and these things have been sealed. But now I'm positive that I have the revelation on of what it was. Now we never know this before because it was sealed with seven seals. On the back of the book is sealed with seven seals. Now of course in the breach it has told us amen that there was to be a season of course when this title deed that was in the hands of the one upon the throne that it was to be taken. And we found that that was the book in Revelations 5. But we also seen in Revelations 10 that the book would be open. So, Revelations the 6th chapter begins uh with a a lamb speaking to John. Of course, when we're reading this now and we're saying that we're reading this openly, we're we're by um how could I say this? We're automatically saying that we're dealing with Revelations the 10th chapter because in Revelations 10, when the mighty angel comes out of heaven, he comes out of heaven with an open book. So, we realize you can't be speaking about what is in the book till the book is opened up. Now, I'm just simple this way, but you can't talk about, Amen, what is sealed until it's unsealed other than just probing at something. But when the Holy Spirit opens that up, then you're able then to talk about it with shortity and with a positive. And and the prophet will say it like this. We're found out now, of course, that it took that kinsman redeemer to take that book. So this morning we realize that a kinsman showed up on our behalf and we're living in the season of the redemption claims. Now you know, amen, uh from previous teachings, of course, amen, that there is a time that when when Christ came upon the cross and he gave his blood, he gave his life that he might be able to pay the payment of the bride, he might pay the payment of the world. Remember, he went up on the mountain with the devil and the devil tempted him and said, "I'll give it to you." And the Lord said, "No, I won't receive it from you." Because he knew he had to pay a payment for the sins of the world. So, he took it by the cross. That way, that Satan couldn't come back and say, "Well, they owe me this or they owe me this or there there's no leans or no debts upon it because he wouldn't let Satan give it to him." Rather, he paid the payment for it because he was our kinsman redeemer, which we just went through. I'm rehearsing in your mind now. We just went through the book of Ruth, remember? And we found that Boaz had to step forward and make a action, a testimony that Ruth and Naomi are my kin, folks. And when he begin to redeem Naomi, he immediately got Ruth in the bargain. Amen. And the same is it in the last days that God's intention is to redeem Israel. Is that right? Amen. God's intention is to redeem Israel. Amen. But in redeeming Israel, he first takes the gentile bride. And by taking the bride, then he opens the channel, amen, for the redemption, amen, of Israel. Now, now the lamb, the kinsman redeemer had two works. He had to buy the church, but then he comes to claim the church. So this is not a time that when he's going to die on cross no more. It's not a time he's going to make any more payments. He He already paid for the car. He's just coming to pick it up. Amen. He's already bought the the people. He's just coming to make his claim of what he's already paid for. So, he doesn't have to have uh any arguments with the devil. He just produces the papers that it's already been paid for. Amen. In other words, your names were recorded before the foundations of the world. And the payment was made upon the names in that book. So all he has to do in this age is produce the book with those names and those names that qualify you for the resurrection. I'm so glad this morning, amen, that God qualified us in the resurrection. If you're looking for types, you'll find it in the book of Jeremiah when he sells off his property unto his uncle's son knowing there would be a time of redemption coming. There is a purchase and then there's a claim. And we are at the claiming work. Amen. Yeah, we are at the claiming work. Amen. The claiming work of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Is the portion of the second coming that is hidden from the world. Yes, sir. Now, it's promised to be a secret, isn't it? Didn't the Bible say that it would be a secret? Amen. And and we find then this is actually hidden from the world. Most people will never know this taking place. They'll only see tribulation and they'll say, "I thought there was going to be a rapture." But they missed the rapture because they missed the revelation of the son of man. Now this known to us as the claiming work is also known to us as the opening of seven seals or the third pull of William Brandham's ministry. Now we we seen the first pull and the world saw the sign of the hand. What a powerful ministry. And they saw the Messiah sign of him reading the hearts of the people. And people said all over the world, that's exactly the ministry of Jesus Christ in the last days. Exactly it. But it wasn't just a first and a second pull. But Amen. But we found out under the 10th ministry, there would be a third pull to the ministry. It would not be the sign of the hand. It would not be the reading of the heart, but it would be the revelations of this word spoken to us by God's way of doing it. How how many knows God's way of giving revelation to the church. If if you're new and you don't know that, it's the book of Amos, the third chapter. And the Bible said, "Surely the Lord our God will do nothing until first he reveals it unto his servants, the prophets." This is not a newspaper. This is not a history book. This is a book of prophecies that were written by prophecies. Amen. By prophets themselves and can only be interpreted. Somebody said it's God's book, but it was written by the hand of a man. And it's a funny thing to me that we take a a book that was written by God through the hand of a man. Amen. And then we don't want to identify the man that was actually uh wrote. We said, "Well, it's the Bible." But it was the book of Moses. And then it was the writings of Paul. It was the writings of James and John. And men in those seasons had no problems understanding that God used men for those things. But yet some reason in our generation, we think God somehow changed. But let me let me me say this from the Bible. There is one thing that never changes and that is God. God never changes. Amen. His word never changes and the way God does things never changes. All the way back to the book of Deuteronomy. I can read it to you in Deuteronomy 18. The Bible tells us this clearly. It says that God spoke and fear come upon the congregation and they said,"Lord, don't never speak to us this way again." And Moses came unto them and said, "The Lord has heard your prayer and the Lord our God shall raise up a prophet likened unto me." And we seen that prophecy fulfilled in our Lord Jesus Christ, who was the God of the prophets. Is that right? But the Bible predicts to us that in the last days that that same Jesus would be made alive among the church of the living God. In Acts the 3rd chapter, it says that all things must be restored before Jesus could return to the earth. Does it not say it? Does it not say in Luke 17 that the son of man is to be revealed? Does it not say to us in Malachi 4 that the faith should be restored to us like it was in the early church? And it would take the ministry of Jesus Christ to do it. Well, I say to you today, we now have by divine vindication, the same ministry that was on the earth then is on the earth now. He is alive. May I say, I have been to the tomb. He's not there. I have been there. He's not there. I say this, he is alive. And just as real this morning as he was when they put him in the grave, my Jesus is not dead. He is living. He's not in a tomb. He's not, come on now. He's not in a crib in Bethlehem. Neither. Neither is he on a cross. Amen. In Jerusalem, but he's alive this morning. And that body is sitting in heaven. But the spirit that was in that body is right here in the church of the living God. Yet a little while. And the world see me no more, but she shall see me. For I will be with you. Amen. Even in you, even in you until the end of the age. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He is alive. Amen. Amen. Denomination is a dead core. Amen. Trying to cage our Jesus Christ. But he's still alive. My He's still alive. Hallelujah. People don't want to hear about what he does today. They want to hear about what he done in history. Man is always thanking God for what he did in history and what he will do in the future. But they always miss what he's doing right now. I pray God don't let us miss your word in our age. You said, "Preacher, what are you saying?" I'm saying the third pull of William Brandham's ministry is the current fulfillment of scripture in our day. It's the claiming work of Jesus Christ upon your life and upon my life. We are not claimed. And by by God's grace, we're so glad for all of our Christian brothers. But the Baptist denomination don't claim this people. The Lutheran denomination can't claim these people because these people have been claimed by the truth of God's word. Amen. That has been put in this age. Do you see this is why the angel told brother Brandham in that tent vision, I'll meet you in there. Remember that? Yeah. I'll meet you in there. This will be the third pull. Where's he going to meet you? In that third pull. He said, I will meet you in there. In Sabino, he said, this is the third pull. Yeah. In California, he said, "This will be. I'll meet you in there." In Sabino Canyon, he said, "This is the third pool." So, we're moving from will be to this is. Now, that third pull is the place where God is going to meet. Do you know that the first pull was a healing, the second pull was a prophecy. The third pull is the opening of the word. And what is the third pull? The opening of the word. Isn't that beautiful? Amen. What is it? The third pull is the opening of them seven seals. That's to reveal the truth that's written in the Bible. So when you say third pull, you can just say opening of the word. You can say the revealing of the seals or you can say the claiming work of Jesus Christ. Do you see? It's the opening of the word. It's the tent vision. It's the third pull. It's the claiming work. It's the place he will meet with his bride. Now, I say the Bible tells us that he that has wisdom. And I'll say this, the third pull is here. Amen. It is the opening of the word manifested to us many ways. Amen. Did anybody think of that? Those seven angels being Amen. them being that they were bringing a prophet back to preach those seals. I love how Brother Bam said it when he went up into that consolation of angels. He said, "The one to me, the seventh, seemed more than any of them." He was standing there. Remember that first bunch of little birds? It was that first pull and them second flew eastward and that was the second bunch. Bigger and brighter like doves. That was eastward. See, first pull and second pull, but the next was angels. My I I love how he says it. He says, "Watch. I was standing there and I was looking this way towards the west and they come and pick me up and there I went plum out of my knowing and one of them coming the one that looked so strange to me but to the left where I entered the consolation counting from the left right it would be the seventh angel coming across remember them seven messages I love how he says it in the seventh seal see it's the last angel's message very notable I remember he had his head he's got his head back and his great sharp wings and he flew flew right to me. He flew right to me. That is this seventh seal. It is a notable thing. He flew right to me. The word coming to the prophet. Now, I'm repeating that from weeks back. You remember the word coming to a prophet. That is the seventh seal. It is a notable thing. Now, now that one that flew right to him, watch this. In Revelations the 6th chapter, you're reading here where he's saying that the lamb opened the book and now brother Random is setting in his own study. He's saying just as sure as I'm sitting here, I have the revelation now because he flew right to him to bring him the revelation. Brother Ben said, "My revelation of this is that Christ and the Holy Spirit is the selfsame person." Well, isn't that powerful? Amen. Now, how could he be talking to someone different than the one that's revealing it? Is you say, "Well, it was the lamb, but it was Christ." Because it's the same person. Now, it becomes real evident in this next moment here. He says, "Because, see, here he is. We know he was the lamb. He's standing there with a book in his hand. And there goes the white horse rider." He said, "So we know it couldn't be Christ." Because here he is with his book in his hand and there goes the white horse rider. He said, "See, it definitely is not Christ." Now, you're going to read a lot of books and you're going to maybe talk to a lot of people that's got a lot of things to say about this and they're going to say, "Well, it was this and it was this and this." But yet, amen, we recognize that even even brother Brandham taught this was Christ up till in the 1960s. But under the opening of the seals, there's a dispensational change where now, amen, a prophet, amen, has been handed the book by the lamb. Can I just explain that what that means? The the the the denominations, the schools, the teachers have had the book in their hand for all these years, and they've been telling the people what it means, but for some reason, they can't tie the loose ends of scripture. See, they can't make it. Now, somebody said, "What does that mean?" There's a lot of loose ends in scripture because of different denominations. But let me just say it to you like this. The Bible said that you should go to the world and be baptized in the name of the father, son, and holy ghost. Right? But then you go to Acts chapter 2 and it says you should be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Which is it? You see, it's a loose end that's laying out there. And without someone to bring the revelation together, how would we know what to do? Now, that's a real simple one, right? But you see, if you come to Revelation 6 and you have a white horse rider, there's many that says it's Christ and some says it's uh other things and some says it's this. But something has got to bring that to vindication because the church has been prophesied that they would have the original faith of the book of Acts. Now, how are you going to have to have perfect faith if you don't know what you're talking about? If if you say, "Well, some say it's this and some say it's that." Do you see how un under the shakiness of the ground that you're standing on. But when you can say, "I'm positive sure." What's it doing? It's bringing a settlement, a relaxing. Come on, church. We ought not be up late at night wondering about water baptism. We ought to be able to lay down knowing that the baptism we have is the same one God gave. Now, it's the same thing whether it come to the seals or the thunders or at predestination or the Godhead or any of these other matters. Amen. If we bring it back to one voice, it settles the church. Now, I I'll say this. There's a there's a great plan that God has. Amen. And when each one of these ages, if you're a Bible reader, the seven ages deal with seven stars, seven angels. And each one of them represented an angel to a church. Amen. And those were the churches of Asia, which we find making it into the world under the gentile dispensation between the two comingings of Christ. Now, we found out this is for sure. Amen. That each one of these angels brought great disturbances in their times. And here's the plan of it. The seal opens, a trumpet sounds, a war begins. Somebody said, "War, well, can you think about when Martin Luther stood up to the whole Catholic church?" Can you imagine? Amen. A man of their own rank studied underneath them. Amen. They raised him. They fed him. Amen. and he comes out from within them and rebukes their teachings in his 95 thesis and goes before the world saying that the just shall live by faith. Now that's a big thing. You know why he said that, don't you? Because they didn't believe in faith alone. The Roman church believed in the merits of your works. Amen. In other words, you get sanctified before you get justified. So, Amen. It's kind of like you you do a bunch of works and then somehow you work out enough that you can come to a faith where you can be justified. But Amen. But Martin Luther caught the revelation of what Paul was saying in Romans the fifth chapter when he said the just shall live by faith. Amen. It it's it's in the Bible. But the denominational thought of the Roman church had destroyed the revelation of what was in the Bible already. But Luther came out screaming, "The just shall live by faith." Amen. And they challenged him in every which direction, but he said, "Here, I'll stand." Amen. If I got to die, I'll die. But it's the truth anyhow. Now, the problem was not that he was fighting the Roman church, but where Martin Luther's real problem was was the fanatics that got in with him. And they made Martin Luther look like a nut. Amen. It was a fanaticism behind the true teaching. Now, I ain't got to say a whole lot about the Pentecostal church, do I? It ain't the baptism of the spirit ain't got the problem. It's the fanatics that took a hold of it. Got people out eating grass in the yards and hanging upside down on poles and it it's not the baptism of the spirit. It's when men took a hold of it. That's right. And took it into fanaticism and put a bad name on it. You don't think it wasn't the devil that did that? to make people fear it. You don't think that same devil don't move among the message of the hour to make William Brandham sing like some kind of a nut and way off somewhere? And sure, the same fanaticism moves, but it's the devil. Some of the greatest disgrace that's on the message of the hour comes from within people that call themselves believers. God gathering up in down there in Jeffersonville waiting on Easter for Brother Bam to raise up and the whole world watching. What? What nonsense? Make it seem like that William Brandon believed it. William Brandham never believed that junk. William Brandham never taught somebody to worship him or somebody to follow after him. Matter of fact, he said, "I never come to start a church. I never come to get a following. I come to point you to Jesus Christ." Amen. And I say that I want to do the same thing this morning. Amen. The name of Jesus is above all names. But what name are you talking about? Hallelujah. It's the fanaticism that follows it. Amen. And I'll say this. Amen. The prophet of God will teach us this. He'll teach us. Amen. That according to the scriptures, it's a great plan. And every one of them messengers that came, they took a contrary doctrine to their ages. Martin Luther did it in the reformation. John Wesley did it with sanctification. Isuza Street did it with the Holy Ghost. Amen. And we find that it was a good plan until it come to that seventh one. But the seventh angel was going to be more than a reformer. He was going to be a prophet. Amen. Hey, glory to God. Amen. Well, we don't believe in prophets. A long prophets were under John. Finish reading the scripture. After that's the kingdom of God, and we press into it. That's why it says in Hebrews chapter 1, Amen. that God spoke unto us through various times through prophets. But in these last days, through his son. Amen. We're not just talking about a prophet. We're talking about the God of the prophets, getting into the church. And the Bible said the the spirit of Jesus Christ is a spirit of prophecy. What do you mean there's no more prophets? Why does it say in Ephesians 4, Amen, that God has teachers and pastors and apostles and That's right. No, you can't. No. Come on. You can't say that. Didn't Jesus say, "I send unto you prophets and you slay them." Well, we're talking about the Bible now, aren't we? And see, see, Amen. Now, somebody said, "Well, we don't believe." Well, you you and who? That's right. That's right. Sure ain't you and Paul. It ain't you and Moses. It ain't you and Jesus. It's you and some group of men somewhere. Yeah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, do you see something had to tie it together? Now, there's a there's a very solid point that comes out from under this revelation of the seal and and I think it's one of the most exceptional revelations that we can be positive sure of and I think the most important one to the church in general. The church, the bride is two different things. Yes, sir. Yes. And the bride does not go through tribulation. Brother, there is not a more exceptional revelation in this entire Bible to me than the idea that this bride don't go through tribulation. Now, to be clear about this, there is a church that goes through tribulation. Amen. And that's the reason people try to put the whole gentile bride into tribulation cuz you can read scriptures that makes it seem as though you do. But if you take a moment and as Paul said, rightly divide the word, then you could see simply that it's an exaltation of the blood of Jesus Christ rather than a group of people because somebody's believing that Jesus completely and perfectly cleanses us from sin. I tell you, there's no greater there's no greater thing than you could realize is to see that the bride of Christ does not go into tribulation. I can't understand how someone would put her in tribulation. Amen. If the church has to be judged and they've judged themselves and have accepted the blood, can God judge a man that's perfectly and totally sinless? You say there's no such a person? He says every born again believer true believer is perfectly, absolutely sinless before God. He's not trusting in his works. It's in the blood of Jesus that his confession has dropped into. How can you make a man? The Bible said, "He that is born of God doeth not commit sin." That's first John chapter 3, right? Somebody said, "Well, I'll tell you, Brother Brandham, you're wrong on that." Because the Bible said, "A man that says he has no sin's a liar." But the same writer in the next verses said that he that is born of God doeth not yet commit sin because the seed remainth in him. So when we were born according to Paul in the book of Ephesians he said we are like having the nature of the children of wrath. He didn't say we have the seed of the nature of wrath because we have a gene seed of God in us that when the blood comes upon us we become perfectly sinless before almighty God. Well, I tell you, if you're looking for a place to shout, that's a place that you can shout. There's a seed in me that has accepted the blood of Jesus that I am perfectly and totally sinless before God. How can you make a man a sinner when the bleach of the blood is between him and God? It would scatter sin till there's nothing left of it. How can the pure blood of Christ ever let sin pass? It cannot. Amen. You cannot get sin through this blood. Now, now look, if it's the blood of what some teacher's talking about, well, okay, but the blood Paul's talking about is more powerful than that blood. There's a blood that is more powerful than what religion can produce. There is a blood more powerful than an ox or a goat or a calf or a Pharisee or a doctrine. There is the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ which comes from the virgin birth. It's the blood of God. And because he is God, it's the blood of God. And it can completely strip us from every sin. I'll tell you, there ain't no other way to get out of this outside the blood of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Here's a man. I I love how Brother Bam does it. He never points at a church. He's pointing at Christ. You can't join it. You can't become a member of it. You got to be born into it. And if you're going to be born, you got to be born by the water, by the blood, and by the spirit. I remember years ago speaking with a fellow. He said, "Don't only talk what the Bible talks and don't talk what the Bible ain't taught." And he said, "The water baptism will save you." I said, "Really?" I said, "Well, I didn't know that. I thought that's what we did to show a conscience." He said, "No." He said, "The Bible said that the water saved Noah, and so so will it you." And he read me the scripture. Being a young Christian, man, he had me all messed up. I didn't know what to say to that one. Well, the Bible says that if you ever want to read it, it's the book of Peter. Said, "Noah was saved by water, and so are you." And I was reading, I thought, "What the world?" But you know what? A few days later, I was reading the book of First John. And the Bible said, "A man comes by water, blood, and spirit. There are three witnesses that bear record." Remember, three on the earth bear record one with the other, but three in heaven are one. The three in heaven that are ones, the father, son, and holy ghost. The one on the earth that agree with one is water, blood, and spirit. And the Bible says, oh, I love it. He says, "And Jesus, not by water only." And Jesus, not by water only, but by the spirit. Amen. That's right. Now, there's three that agree in one. Water, blood, and spirit. But he that hath the son hath life. Amen. My my goodness. Do you see what we we see is an unsealing of these things concerning the election of the church, the bride of Christ that don't go through tribulation. Right? See, we we we we are not going through tribulation. Tribulation is something that is a purging or purifying. It's one of the three-fold purposes of the sixth seal, right? 144,000 are purged. Foolish virgin are purged. Amen. and and we find, amen, that the earth is purged. So there's three purgings, but in the sixth seal, one of the greatest revelations you'll find, brother Matt, the best revelation in the sixth seal is the bride's not in it. You you can really look it over. You find a lot of good things, but what you don't find is better than what you do find. Cuz the bride's not in it. Amen. The bride don't go through tribulation because she's purged in the blood of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Can we just say it real open to you? We don't believe in purgatory. That's right. Preach. Somebody said, "Well, you got to be dead to be a saint." Paul said to the saints which are in Ephesus. He wasn't talking to dead people. He's talking living people. Saints are people that have been baptized with the Holy Ghost. Oh, glory to God. See, the purging's over. Now you say, "Why would you tell a message group that?" Because we don't believe in purgatory. If God forgave you, brother Chris, you're forgave. Amen. This don't take six years and six months. And oh my goodness, in three years, if you live it perfect now, then we'll be able to justify you. That's not the gospel. No, it's not. The real gospel is you were cleansed by the blood 2,000 years ago. Hallelujah. And as a gospel preacher, I'm here to announce to you that the blood paid the price. And by faith, you say that's the truth. And your faith in the blood is what takes away sin. [Applause] We do not believe in purgatory. We believe in the gospel. Yes. The gospel that saves a man. Amen. That that puts a bride in a rapture. Now, can we take scripture just a little bit here? Second Thessalonians, let's read the second chapter, the first verse, and uh down to the 12th. We'll just take just a moment here. I think it's a powerful thing. Now, we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him. Oh my goodness. I don't have time for all that one. by our gathering together unto him. Y'all know what that is, right? Until Shiloh. But let the gathering be unto him. That's why the shout tells us it's a gathering. The message calls you to him. Not to a denomination or a church, but to him. And watch this. He said, "Then let no man deceive you by any means, for that day shall not come except there come a falling away first and the man of sin be revealed the son of predition." Now there was some people of course I think they they were they were saying that things would already finished and that we were looking into the millennium even in Paul's day. But he's saying to them very quickly, "The day shall not come except a falling away first and the man of sin be revealed." Do you realize that the falling away is an apostasy? According to Jesus in Matthew 24 said there will be false Christ with an S. There'll be many Christ. They won't come and say, "I'm Jesus, but they're anointed, but their teaching is false." So, they become a false Christ. False anointed teachers bringing an apostasy upon the earth. And that apostasy gets so bad until the Bible tells us they literally will worship the devil believing the worshiping God. And that man of sin shall be revealed the son of predition who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God. Let me just walk through it real quickly here. All that is called God. You might want to know this later. He exalts himself above what is called God. What is called God? The word. John 1, right? In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. What's the word? It's God. So I if to help you, it's this is the vindicated word. That's right. Satan opposes and exalts himself above the vindicated word of your day. That's how he's worshiped. See, he got a better idea than God's pattern, God's prophet. He's got his own word. Do you see? He siteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God. Remember ye not when I was with you, I told you these things, and now ye know what withholdeth that he might be revealed in his time. How many knows what time that is? In his time. The man of sin will be revealed in his time. First seal, brother Bram says, that's the opening of the seal. That's when he will be revealed. There is two revealings of this of this man of sin. Now there's two revealings. The bride church will get a revealing under the opening of the word. The world will get a revealing when the man of sin takes power. Yeah. And when the man of sin takes power, the world will say, "I thought there was going to be a rapture." What are we doing in the middle of tribulation? And then they will see the man of sin is the head of all denomination. It's the pope. They won't see that right now. You can't tell them that right now. But to you that had the spirit of wisdom the man of sin is already revealed. You already know who it is. It's not a surprise to you at all. Because the mystery of iniquity doeth work only he who now let will let until he be taken out of the way. Now, what are we talking about? We're talking about the bride don't go into the tribulation. See, now watch the scripture. He will let. Now, I love this has always been a favorite part of mine. Only he who now letth, who's that? He, God, lets. In other words, the man of sin is already at work. The mystery of iniquity is working. And started to work the moment Paul began the gospel. The man of sin began back then. But he will only let God will let this continue until he be taken out of the way. There's two he here. This is a powerful thing. There's two he here. One he is God. The other he is the church. Yeah. Now it's odd that he would use he concerning the church, but she has now been recognized as him. Yeah. See, under the revelation, she is him. There has literally been a marriage in Revelations 19. And the bride has been joined with him so much that the prophet would say in Christ the mystery, they're not two units now. They're now the same unit. You can't see God separate from his church. Because God is manifesting himself so much in the bride that he would say it's his return into the earth. Hallelujah. The seven seal brings him to the earth. Amen. Amen. Well, glory to God. It's called the bride coming of Christ. That's right. She becomes him so much that Paul says until she be taken out of the way, let's just put it out there very clearly. She is what's holding up the tribulation. Period. Amen. As long as she's here, the tribulation can't take place. No different than the moon holds the tides of the ocean in her banks. So does this bride hold Satan and all of his wrath. We hold it back. Amen. You may not think you're powerful, but let me tell you something this morning. This is the most powerful force on the face of the earth because we are we are the bride, the queen of heaven. Church, come on. The prophet said we're kin to him. How we kin? He said by the spirit we have become the blood. You might not want to realize that, but the mercy seat is in the heart of these believers today. Look at when brother Bram saw it, brother Daryl, he saw a ring of blood around the earth. Is that right? Amen. Let me tell you, where's this bride at? She ain't just in Ohio. She ain't just in Arkansas or Tennessee or Louisiana or Oklahoma. Amen. She's in Africa and India and over in Japan. There is a ring of blood all the way around this earth. And as long as there's a bride on this earth, the tribulation can't set in. Oh, but church of the living God, one of these mornings, God is going to raise this bride off of the earth and the tidal waves of hell is going to smash into her. But it can't do it as long as you're here. I tell you, sometime or another you have to turn and tell that devil, you ain't as powerful as you think you are. Amen. Sister Terra, a mother has got a lot more power than the devil. A real Christian believer can turn the tides on the devil. He can tell it that's far enough. That's far enough. You know how long the devil's going to push you until you say that's far enough. And when you turn around and say, "Satan, that's as far as you're coming." He has to stop right where you draw the line. Let me tell you, it's a bloodline the church can draw and it can tell the devil, you can't cross. I'm in the Bible. At the Red Sea, there was a pillar of fire came down and separated them from the enemy. The enemy was in darkness and Israel was in light because God moved out in front of them and went behind them. And I'll tell you this, if you're talking about the bride, he's in front of you. He's behind you. He's east, west, south, north. He's all around this bride. Amen. I tell you, friends. Amen. The power of this believing church, the authority that she has. Amen. See, the the man of sin is already at work. Can can I just say real carefully what you're dealing with is you're dealing with the work that Satan started in the beginning. He finishes all the way to the tribulation. Right? If you look at it in the Bible, I give you just a real small portion of it and then we'll move on. But if you're looking at it in the Bible, the book of Chronicles tells us, you remember when Ahab got killed and he they they they was up there and there was 400 prophets telling Ahab, "Go into battle." But Elijah had prophesied he'd die. But those prophets had a better idea and said, "No, no, go on into the battle. You'll be all right." And he was a little he was a little unsure. And you know what that was, don't you? Is that was the inner man. Now, the outer man does okay with intellectual learning, but it don't answer the soul. So, he said, "Well, ain't that ain't there one man? Ain't there one more that hears from God?" Josh wasn't settled on that. Ain't there one more? And they said, "Well, there's another one, but he hates us. He's always prophesying against our our denominations. You know, he's always always hitting our religion." And he said, "Well, go get him then. He ain't on the payroll. He might tell us the truth. You you know you can't hardly hire somebody to tell you the truth now. No people climb a tree tell you a lie quicker than they stand on ground tell you the truth because it's unpopular. Sure. But Micah come out of there and remember what he said. He said, "Well, Ahab going into the battle." And Ahab said, "No, no, you ain't being straight with me." I'm gonna paraphrase what he did. He said, "You ain't being straight with me." He said, "Well, let me tell you what I really see then. I see a conference going on in the heavens, and I see that they're discussing the Elijah's prophecy against you, Ahab, and they're saying, "Who's going to fulfill it?" And I see a lying spirit come up out of hell. Yeah. And say, "Send me." And I see God telling that lying spirit, "Go get in them prophets." Yeah. And you will prevail. So, a lion spirit got into them to prevail. Now watch. Amen. When that lying spirit got in there, they were already prophesying before Micah ever walked up. See, the iniquity was already at work. The only thing that Micah did was revealed what really was happening. These denominations were lying years before William Brandham come. So when he comes late into the game, right before the tribulation, there's a bride saying, "Isn't there somebody with truth?" Amen. And but but the world is good with the hired preachers. They're good with the false prophets. That's that's all good. But the Bible said they would be good with it because somebody's going to fulfill the scriptures. And but watch what happens. But God sends truth. And this message has been sent truth. Even in the middle when the when the iniquity is already working, watch what happens. He says, "Even him who is coming after working of Satan with all power, signs, and lying wonders and with deceased them that perish because they received not the love of truth." Because they didn't love truth. They heard it, but it didn't move them. They heard it, but it didn't touch them. Amen. They heard the truth, but Ahab went right on into the battle anyhow. He went right on into the Armageddon, didn't he? That's right. For this cause, so God send the strong delusion that they should believe a lie. Brother Bam said, make it the lie, the same one that was told to Eve, that they might be damned upon who believe not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness. Now, that's how you know it's not you. They had pleasure in unrighteousness, and they were damned by the lie that believed. You know what the Bible said? a strong delusion. That's that's an effective error. That's what that means. Effective error. In other words, the error a strong delusion is they take 90% truth or 95% truth and they twist the truth a little bit and it becomes an effective error. Brother man said the greatest lie ever told was 99% true. Amen. The devil can tell it 99% true. True. How do you know? Amen. is the difference. It is the word. See, the falling away, the apostasy is what opens up a place for the man of sin to become ex expounded. Amen. And become fully a a man of sin. Now, his time of revealing is under the first seal. That's why the Bible said he will be destroyed with the brightness of his coming. The word of the Lord will reveal Satan in his coming. In the brightness of the fulfilling of the word, it'll show truth to the church. In Isaiah 60 and:1, it's prophesied that you should arise and shine. For thy light has come, and the glory of the Lord has risen upon thee. Darkness is covering the earth, and gross darkness the people, but the Lord shall arise upon thee, and the glory shall be seen upon thee. It says in Revelations 18 that there was an angel that will come down and light the whole earth with glory. In Zechariah 14, it said in the evening time there shall be light. This light is the destruction of Satan's plans. Amen. It exposes the darkness of Satan. Amen. And brings the word of truth which oh my which effectively destroys error. Do you do you see what he does when he rides that white horse in Revelations 19? Amen. The opposing element is the vindicated word and a sword is coming out of his mouth. The sharpest thing in the world is truth. It'll cut the enemy right out. It'll cut the enemy out of your life, out of your heart. Now, watch what he's doing. The prophet takes 2 Thessalonians to prove to the church there's a difference between church and bride. And as long as the bride is here, the tribulation can't take place. Matthew 25:es 1 to4 tells us of five foolish and five wise virgins. Again, showing you a church and a bride. We can see it in John 5 and verse 24. The Bible says that he that believeth upon me shall not come into condemnation, but has already passed into eternal life. Not through the judgment, but through the word of God that has brought your souls clean. Amen. Are we together? Are we okay? Now, let's watch this in Revelation 6. Let's just turn right back to it. And when I saw the lamb opened one of these seals, I heard and it was the noise of a thunder. My goodness. Amen. Amen. What a discussion starts on that point. The noise of a thunder. Brother Ram said, "It's got a significance. It's got a meaning because nothing happens without it. It's a thunder. It's a roar." What was that thunder? Wow. What was that thunder? Now, I'm gonna give you the short answer and then we'll look at it. How many wants the short answer? The thunder is the voice of God. Simple. Now, now all this that we're fishing to look into simply spells out the thunder is the voice of God. That's the short answer. Now, watch what he's saying. Now, Brother Brandham immediately says, if you've wondered what it was, he said, let's go to John the 12th chapter and begin to read. Let's do it. John 12 and verse 23. There's nothing like the word of God, is there? On a Sunday morning. Amen. Hallelujah. John 12 and 23. And Jesus answered and said, "The hour is come that the Son of Man should be glorified. Verily I say unto you, except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone, but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit." Now, this is an answer to the to the Gentiles wanting to see Jesus. This is how he answers them. And brother Bam said, 'Really, what it is, he's telling them, you're going to have to die from all your traditions to see me because I'm already here. Amen. See, it's got to die and bring forth much fruit, but he that loveth his life shall lose it, and he that hateth his life shall keep it unto eternal life. And if a man serve me, let him follow me, and where I am, there also shall my servant be. And if any man serve me, him will my father honor. For now is my soul troubled. And what shall I say? Father, save me from this hour. But for this cause I came unto this hour. Father glorify thy name. And then there came a voice. Somebody say voice. There came a voice from heaven saying, I have both glorified it. And we'll glorify it again. The people therefore that stood by heard it and said it thundered. When God spoke from heaven, it was a voice. When the people heard it, it was a thunder. When God gave the revelation of the seal, it was a voice, but John heard a thunder. Look at what he says here. He says it very clearly. Now, it's so beautifully written in scripture. The steeple stood by and heard it that it thundered and others said, an angel spake to him and Jesus answered and said, this voice, there it is. This voice. Now, you say it was a thunder. Jesus said, this voice. Jesus didn't call it a thunder. The people called it a thunder. He called it a voice. This voice came not because of me but for your sakes. Then in John 12, brother Bam said what it was. He said that was the end of his ministry and the son of man was going to be glorified. He said, "What about an hour that has come for the bride when she is to be glorified? She's to be taken off of the earth." If it thunders back there for the cross and the pain of the debts of the church, what kind of thunder will it be when God gets ready to take this bride up? My goodness, I'll tell you, the hour has come. The time shall be no more. Amen. Isn't it beautiful? If you thought about it for a moment this morning, the hour has come. The hour has come, but this is not the hour of the corporal body of our Lord. This is not the hour of Paul and Peter and James and John and of the early church. This is your hour. Amen. This is the hour of the bride of Christ. The word has become flesh. The alpha has become the omega. My goodness. To think this morning these these statements that that has took a lifetime to absorb to just be able to say them. Now they're simple statements to you. The thunder is a voice. Do you know how many years that had to be rendered out to that become that simple? Do you know? Amen. Where the alpha has become the omega. You're hearing it as a statement. But there has been lives that has been spent to understand the real meaning of that. The alpha has become the omega. In other words, we're not looking for the bride to come. She's on the earth now. The hour has come. The hour is not coming. It's not on its way. The hour is come. I tell you what, if you only knew your hour, if you knew your day of visitation, you could shake loose. Amen. You could shake loose from the lies of the devil and all these things he's trying to place on the church. And someday we'll have revival. Someday things will be better. Listen, these things are wonderful this morning. If we could only break out of our human realm and take from us the scales of traditions that the devil has placed upon us, we are living in the greatest season that any human being has ever lived. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The alpha has become the omega. Amen. If you really were this important, if you really were this important, wouldn't your name be in the Bible? People tell me that if it was really that important, wouldn't the name be in the Bible? It is. Amen. That's right. It is. It's written. See, it was written in symbol. See, when God spoke it, it thundered. And there's a symbol that represents something laid in the Bible. But when you begin to preach it, Brother Bam said, "The mystery, this book holds our names." And the unfolding of this mystery begins to call us. That's why, amen, that he could look upon us and see the thundering of the voices of the lives that lived down through the Bible. And brother Bam said, "Every one of them represented something that had to do with this bride." Listen, every story is in effect this morning. Your name was written there when he talked about Ruth and Boaz. You're the Rof that was in the story. Your name is written when Esther come running in to the throne. You're the Esther of the age. You're the Tamar. You're the Mary. You're the bride of Christ that was down through the ages that was sitting there. I say this morning. Amen. Your name was written in here. Amen. And there is nothing once you get your eyes open that can stop you. Amen. Glory. Like the little colored girl that brother Brandon run into and she said, "I I'm looking for my grandpa, but if I could find the healer, I'd find my own grandpa. These eyes would be able to see." And I say this morning, amen, that once we found the word of God, amen, we can read the Bible for ourselves. We don't have to read it through some teacher or some apostle or some bishop. I say my eyes have come open. I can see the pride in this book. I can see it was written before the foundations of the world. Well, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Said, brother Wayne, what what in the world are you getting at? I'm saying when that white horse rode, Amen. and that thunder struck back. Amen. The prophet of God said, "What about the hour for this bride? What about the hour when this when these thunders are supposed to produce faith for rapture?" That's what he said. It's supposed to produce faith for this hour. I'm going to skip about 10 pages here right quick for y'all time. What happens when it moves from reality or from symbol to reality? Right? Every mystery with God starts in his mind. How many knows that? It starts in the mind of God. But when he reveals the first f of it, it shows up as a symbol. In the mind of God, the white horse rider always was that. But when John caught it, he caught a symbol, wrote it in scripture, and it was waiting on a prophet to reveal it. When the prophet reveals it, if he's not able to catch the original mind of God concerning it, how do we know it's the truth? But what is it? It comes because when it opens, it opens in reality form. So it thunders out of a life. It it speaks out of the actual reality. See, the white horse is something. But when it's living, it is the reality of what originally was thought. So the white horse might represent something, but whatever it was when it happened is the true interpretation of it. That's right. See, because first it's a a thought and then it becomes a symbol and then it becomes reality. You are living in the moment when the symbol becomes reality. Now I'll just read you a few direct statements and we're going to move on. When it thundered, remember a loud clapping noise of a thunder is a voice of God. First seal, the voice is a thunder. First seal, paragraph 173. And a thunder went off. John knew it was the voice of God. Who's John? Bride knew it was the voice of God. First seal, paragraph 263. We found what the thunder means perfectly. We know that. Amen. The thunder was the voice of God when the seal opened. Now you said, "Preacher, why? Why? Why are you labor here?" Because brother Bram said that thunder was what brought translation faith. He said that thunder is what brings the new name of the Lord to the church. Yeah. Now, if you're too if you're too scared to talk about the thunders, you're never going to find faith and you're never going to know his name. People say, "Well, I'll tell you, I know Jesus and him crucified and they're talking about something from 2,000 years ago and they're standing today and I don't make fun of nobody, but I've heard people pray and brother A, you've heard it and and they're trying to because they know we believe the message." When they start praying, they go, "Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus." like we don't believe in the name Jesus. It's almost embarrassing. It's like, well, I actually know him. Amen. It's kind of like somebody say, you know, they they they make sure, brother Ericen. Brother Ericson. Well, I call him Brother Ray. I call him Brother Ericen for respect, but but I know him. It's kind of a personal relationship. I'm not talking about somebody that that I don't know. Now, now I I'm going to I'm going to say this. Brother Brandham says it very clearly that when there's an overcoming, there's a change of names. And he goes through Abraham and Sarah and Saul and Paul and Peter and Simon. And he keeps laying it out. He said, "And when Jesus was on the earth, he was a redeemer." He was a redeemer. That's true. Yes. But when he conquered death, hell, and overcame them, he ascended on high and received a new name. That's the reason they holler the way they do and don't get nothing. Yeah, it will be revealed in the thunders. And you say, "Preacher, amen." You But go back to the Bible on the mountain with Elijah and he's up there with them and they're cutting themselves and they're calling on the name of the Lord, but they call him Baal. Their interpretation of God and they're cutting themselves and they're screaming and Elijah's going, "Is he on vacation?" And brother Bam says they're hollering but they're not getting nothing. He said the if you read your Bible, you'll see this is true. Matthew 25 said they don't get no oil. And they're out here hollering the name of Jesus, but they're not getting anything out of it because the word holds the name of Jesus Christ. Oh my goodness. Somebody said, "Well, how many different ways could you say Jesus?" Well, the Baptist say Jesus and mean one thing, and the Lutheran say Jesus and mean something else. And the Pentecostals said Jesus, and they mean something else. But when we speak Jesus, the name that we speak is the God of this Bible. He's not the second person of the Godhead. Come on, church. He's not some some sideline Aaron boy. He is the God of Abraham. He is the God of the Bible. He's a everpresent merciful God and has revealed himself into this age. He's not a God that was. He's a God that is. He's the same right now that he's ever been. And this message has come to reveal. Amen. To reveal his name. Now, I'm not trying to get you off in some crazy something. Let me just give you a simple thing and move on because I don't have time to teach these things. You you question, you come to me. But watch. The Bible says you can only worship God in the place he puts his name. There's a lot of gates, but you can only worship in the gate where he puts his name. Now, you can worship all you want to, but it's not accepted. And Jesus said, "In vain do you worship me, teaching for doctrine the commandments of men." Do you see what he's saying to you? My name is not in their commandments. My name is in my word and it will only be worshiped in the gate that I have prepared. Why did William Brandham hear the voice of that angel say, "I will meet you in there." What's the meeting place where he puts his name? Amen. Where's he going to meet this bride? in the same place he met that prophet where the word is being interpreted. Look what he says. Brother Larry, I'm sure you've went over these quotes wonderfully. And brother Bam said, "The manifestation of the name." He said, "Oh, that's the word interpreted is a manifestation of the name." Where you going to meet him? Where he's interpreting his word. Not was, not will be, is. Amen. That's where he will meet you. That's the name of the Lord. That's why David could come out on the on that great and mighty battle and he could say, "You come to me with armor and spear, but I'm coming to you in the name of the Lord." And under the anointing of a prophet, he knew the true name of the Lord. And he knew his God was greater than any Philistine and any Goliath. And when William Brandham took this message, he went onto the field as a David against the Goliaths of the age, saying, "God don't heal no more. God don't save no more. God don't give the Holy Ghost no more. God don't see visions no more. God don't do this. And he said, "I don't know what God you're talking about, but the God of Elijah is to be restored in the last day. He's still alive." His name remains to be hell shi elohim. He's every redemptive name of the Bible. He is not a second person. He is God. He is almighty God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. His name is in the word. That's right. Oh my goodness. Now, there's a real reason to settle on this point because in the second verse, and I'm not going to be too much longer. In the second verse of Revelation 6, you will see that when this rider comes out, he's riding a white horse and he ain't got a name. And brother Bam said, "There we see again." See, he's riding a white horse, but it ain't Christ. Christ comes out of the heavens of heavens on a white horse. And here, this guy comes out on a white horse. But when Jesus comes on the white horse, he has a name written. How many knows what the name is? The word of God. He has a name written upon his vesture. The word of God. The vindicated word of God. And watch this. But that one don't have a name. White horse rider with no name. Impersonation Christianity. Brother Bram says, "Watch this now." Oh, Lord. And he receives a crown. Pull it back up. Second verse. Watch it. Just the just the simple statements of Revelation more than proving it throughout the Bible. Just simple statements. Now, it takes a long time to make it simple. It takes you three or four hours to make it complicated, but it takes 10 or 12 or 15 hours of study to make it simple. He knows what I'm saying. What was that angel met brother Bam? That constellation. You could spend weeks, months, years before you can finally say, "Well, it was Christ." Oh, Lord. See how simple that was? Yes. And I sat and beheld a white horse impersonator. no name. And he that sat upon him had a bow and he was crowned was given unto him and a crown was given unto him. Your brother said, "Here it is. It's an antichrist spirit with false teaching." And he began and Paul, this white horse of John is the is the wolves that Paul talks about. And they started in with false doctrines and teachings. And it was just slightly off. Yeah. Just an error. That's all it was. It was an error. And they went forth writing on an error. And brother Bram says, if you want to see it in the Bible now, you can see it in the book of of of Revelations. And it was called the deeds of the nickelans. Right. But brother Bram said, but he kept riding that same thing until they got to Na. And that's when they got him a pope. And he said, "Now they could crown it." He said, "They couldn't crown a spirit, but they could crown a pope." He said, "So they rode that false teaching until it hit Na. And when pagan Rome turned into papome, they crowned themselves a ruler." And the pope became the crowned one. The writer is the devil the whole time. But his ministry goes from false teaching until it gets into a pope and then it becomes crowned. Amen. Can you imagine this? The deeds of the nickelans become the doctrine of Balum and they can't crown it until it gets into a man. Now watch this because you're seeing this now come forth upon them. But the revelation that brother Brandham is striking so hard is this is not Christ. The whole world will worship the image of the beast. Yep. Yeah. It's true. The mystery of iniquity is already at work. That's right. But when a prophet comes along, he shines a light and says, "There he starts his ride right out of Pentecost." Just as soon as the church starts, here he comes in false doctrine. And the prophet points him out and says he's going to ride there and change horses here and change horses here. And he's going all the way to the tribulation. He has a he has say his brother said, "Watch it now." And now this is this is amazing to me because this has been locked up in the in the in the book now for 6,000 years. this is blocked up that God don't has never gave this to nobody. Yeah. Nobody's ever saw this until the 1960s when the seals was open and then the revelation becomes out and for the first time now somebody's going to see what God was saying and he says it's a white horse. It's an antichrist spirit and it'll be crowned in na it's got a bow but he ain't got any arrows. God's great revelation to the church is the devil is a liar. That's right. Oh, I tell you, brother, if that would strike you this morning, that old lying devil would lose his power in your life. He would lose power of depression and anxiety. Listen, I know there's a God here this morning. He's not a bluff. And I'm not a bluff, but the devil is a bluff. [Applause] Huh? I know I normally don't preach so long, but I got to take a few more minutes. JP, I know you'll see the meaning. You can't crown no spirit. So, they took a a pope and put him up there. But he's a bluff. He's an impostor. He don't speak for God. Do you see that denomination don't speak for God? My goodness. Amen. What was it that doctrine of the nickelans? Come on. And what did they do? I I love how Brother Bram says this. He said, "What did that nicicolein ask for?" Now, nickel is a Greek word. Y'all know what it stands for? Nicoly. Brother Bram said it means conquering the leoty. So, you have one holy man and you got a people that is subject to that man. So, you know, I mean, we could just take all of your Oh, God. I better shut up. Well, it's not the time on that one. I better just let that go. Is that wisdom? I'm getting older. Wait till I get drunker. I'll say it anyhow. You know that that nickelan. Now, there's people who are not nickelans but get a nickelan spirit. Y'all know that, right? Yeah. And one thing I can spot from a long ways off. Now, brother Bam says it like this. He said, 'What did they ask for? He asked them to get away from that bunch of people that shouts and claps their hands that looks disgraceful like they did on Pentecost. See, they act like drunk men, staggering in the spirit and things. They didn't want none of that stuff. They didn't want none of that stuff. Now watch the nickel was trying to conquer conquer the ley. Tell you how. Listen, I there there's there's there's there's something I hate is people try to dictate worship. They tell us to shout and then they tell us to not shout. Well, what's it in your business? If I feel like shouting, I shout. If I don't, I won't. Why is everybody so tied up whether we shout or don't shout? Come on. The Bible's full of people shouting and full of people quiet. Sometimes there's reverence and sometimes shouting. The point is the spirit must dictate. The Holy Spirit dictates, not man dictating it. God dictates. The prophet of God said, "But the lion was what rose up against it." The line, you say, "Well, the line, yes, that was the force that rose up against the white horse rider. It combed the devil with a lion spirit." What was the lion? It was the boldness of the preaching of the gospel. In other words, Paul would preach it anyhow. No matter how much the the ideas and the swaying of spirits, he had a boldness about him where he would preach the word of God. Amen. What was he doing? He was showing the people, Amen, that the nickelan spirit wouldn't get what it wanted. Brother Bam said it. He said the nickel and what they did, he said the the church, he said, was like a bunch of poor people, bunch of slaves. He said, and they all got in and got the Holy Ghost. He said, "So they couldn't afford nice buildings." Now you you'll you'll see what I'm talking about here. He said, "So they got little places of worship." And he said they wasn't they wasn't nice places. This what they could afford and they would go in a bunch of poor people and slaves and these Gentiles and they would pray and the spirit would come and it would move among them and they would roll and shout and get drunk in the spirit and rejoice and preach the gospel and heal the sick and raise the dead, speak in tongues. All these things were going on among them and brother B said but the masters of the slaves got to hearing it and wanted some of it. Yeah. He said so they got to coming down in those little churches. He said but they didn't they didn't really feel welcome and he said people start got ashamed of that kind of worship because the higher ups started coming in. Wow. He said, "The next thing you know, they started trying to get business companions to come to church with them. And they see see well we want the mayor to come, but if the mayor's going to come, brother Wayne, please don't y'all get don't get a shout meeting going. The mayor's going to be here. Please don't get people weeping and and shouting and screaming and dancing. They're going to think we're mad. The the mayor's coming. The sheriff, the governor, the president. Listen, I don't care if the president comes." Amen. We'll say, "God bless you, brother." and then we're going to have a meeting anyhow. Come on, church. Amen. If somebody's too good to worship Jesus Christ, they're just too good for their own good. Amen. What we really need is an oldfashioned Holy Ghost baptism that'll make people humble themselves before God. And remember, we ain't nothing but dirt. But he's the almighty God. And we'll worship him in his presence. I believe today, I believe it. I believe we won't give the devil what he wants. We won't give the nickel what he wants. We're going to worship God and the dictates of our heart because Satan is absolutely a bluff. Brother, Satan is a bluff. Let me I I don't have time to preach it, but I want to tell you this. Satan's a bluff. And Jesus spoiled him at Calvary. You believe that? Do you believe that Jesus actually took everything the devil had at Calvary? He so stripped the devil at Calvary that he didn't just leave it on the earth. He went to hell and he spoiled hell. He went to hell and took every bit of the weaponry he has. He took the keys of death, hell and the grave, rose up on the third day in a conquering church and gave the Holy Ghost. That's right. Said, "Preacher, why you say that?" I say he's so spooled hell to when the devil started riding his horse, Jesus already took his arrows. Jesus took the arrows away from that devil. And he don't have no arrows to shoot this morning. He made him powerless. Thank you, Jesus. He ain't nothing but a bluff. That's right. Let me tell you what a prophet of God said. He ain't nothing but a bluff. He's a dark shadow. That's all he was to a prophet. Wow. That's right. That's all he was to a prophet. Brother Carrie, you've heard it a hundred times on tape. Brother Mama starts speaking to a certain spirit and he said, "Oh." He said, "There it is." And he said, "You can y'all see that?" Like we could see it, you know. Can y'all see that? He said that dark spirit's calling to that spirit and that spirit's calling to that spirit and they were giving themselves away. Amen. But all he called it was a dark shadow. [Music] And then in just one moment of light, it disappeared. Glory. He comes there and he's got two women sitting on the front row and he says to one sister to the other, he said, 'You sitting there, you got a hay fever. He said, 'In the name of Jesus, you're healed. He said, "Oh, by the way, the lady sitting next to you has got hay fever." He said, "Lay your hands upon her and begin to pray." And brother said, "Oh, there it is. I see something white and it's shoving something dark out of the lady. There it goes." Amen. What is it? Amen. Satan is a bluff. He's just a shadow. He has no power over this church. He has no power over what I preach or don't preach, what I shout or don't shout. Devil has no power. He's nothing but a bluff. You say, "You're awful because I know where I'm standing. I'm standing on thus saith the Lord. Satan is a bluff." Let me tell you where he really gets you is because he's the bluff. But Sister Lily, he tells us we're the bluff. Oh, you're just putting on, you know, that singing and shouting and that standing and clapping. You're just putting on a show. No, brother. There's nothing showy about what I'm doing. Amen. You The funny thing is the bluff calls me a bluff. The liar calls me a liar. Amen. The deceiver calls me a deceiver. When I say the Bible has pulled the shirt off of the devil and told every one of you, he ain't nothing but a devil. But if you want to talk about me, I was a son of God before the world began. You want to talk about me, my name is in the Lamb's Book of Life. You want to talk about me? I'm a son of God bought by the blood of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. He ain't nothing but a lie. I don't know where Zoe's at right now, but I'll tell you, he ain't nothing but a liar. That's all he is. He ain't nothing but a dark shadow of a bluff. And I call his bluff in the name of Jesus Christ. I rebuke the devil this morning that would try to come in and say he has power. He has power. He ain't got any power. My God has the power. Hallelujah. I know what he's up to. I know what he's He's a Goliath and he's so big and he tried to push you in a corner, Sister Laura, because But listen, you don't have to go in no corner. You got the name of the Lord. Amen. You ain't got to go in no corner. You got the name of the Lord. Amen. So, preacher, what are you talking about? I'm talking about something in the message where the prophet of God said that a man had a dream and a and a little spirit stepped in the room with him and he was a little scared so he backed up and the devil got bigger. He went from a white horse to a red, didn't he? And he backed up and he went from a red horse to a black one and went from a black one to a pale one. And that old boy just kept backing up until he come all the way to a corner. Oh Lord. And he couldn't go no he's at the end time. He can't go no further. What are you going to do? How you going to get out of this? How's it going to happen? I tell you what what the prophet said. He said the fell looked around and he didn't have any weapons, but there was a Bible laying there. And he picked up that Bible. Well, I tell you the only weapon I got this morning is the Bible. It's the revelation of the word of God. But he took that Bible and said, "Boo devil." And the devil got a little smaller. And he said, "Boo devil." And the devil got a little smaller. And I say this morning, it's time to remember how to tell the devil, "Boo! Boo devil! Boo devil!" We don't have to back up. We don't have to take second place. We don't have to ask the devil if we can shout or we can praise or we can rejoice. We are the children of the most high God that have stood under the opening of this word. And I am positive sure. Yes, sir. Go, brother. The devil is an impersonating bluff. Yes, he is. That's a liar without any arrows. But you're the children of God that's from the beginning and will not go into tribulation. Stand to your feet with me this morning. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise your name. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to your name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Peace above. Hallelujah. Glory to your name, God. He's a liar. Glory to your name, Father. He's liar. Hallelujah. He's told lies, brother. He's told, "Oh, Mary, Martha will never get out of that bed." He's a liar. Amen. Nothing but a liar. He's a liar. That's right. Bethany will never get better. Liar. Amen. Cuz we're not looking forward to get better. She's already better. That's right. Yes. Hallelujah. What was what was that? What was that opposing spirit? It was a lion. Nothing but blood. God, I pray the lion spirit returned to the church from knowing who they are. Knowing exactly who they are. And when seven thunders had uttered the voice, it was a line that roared. Truth has come. Hallelujah. Silence was upon the earth. Why was it so silent? Brother Brand said, "Cuz the king was speaking." That thunder was a voice, but not just any voice. It was the voice of the creator. The lion hath roared. And out in the jungle when the lion roars, the elephants and the monkeys and every creature just goes quiet. That's right. That's what happened. See, all of you had your name in the book. It's kind of like a It's kind of like a real rich uncle dying. You don't know. And they said there's going to be a a reading of the wheel. And everybody comes. I'm going to get the house. I'm going to get the car. I'm going to get people that don't even know him. I'm going to get this and I'm going to get this and Isn't it odd to hear so many churches say of their inheritance and what they are and who they are. Oh Lord, and everybody's talking, everybody's speaking when the authority comes out. And so now we're going to now have the reading of the will of our Lord Jesus Christ written before the foundation of the world opened under seven seals. It's the third pull of my ministry. And here is the inheritance that's in the book. And he begins to speak the names. Hallelujah. You're talking about a quiet crowd. Oh, you're quiet until you hear your name. Amen. That's right. I got the car. I got the mansion. You Well, I think I got the mansion. But see, you ain't moving into nothing. Till you get the title with your name. That's right, Zach. They can accept the offer, but till the title's in your name, you ain't going to build nothing in there or replace the floors or nothing else. But when it's yours, your name's on it. You got faith to move in. You got faith to get in the car and drive off this morning. You don't have to look in the mirror and see if the troopers are going to pull you over. Brother Ray, somebody gave me a very nice Cadillac. But till the title was in my name, I wasn't driving that baby. Cuz they pull me over and go, "Boy, you ain't got money for this car. Where'd you get it?" But if I had my title and I got my name. That's right. I ain't worried about no troopers. They walk up to the car, well, ain't this nice cuz it's mine. And I tell you this morning, God gave it to you. It's not a bluff. It's the truth. Amen. It's the truth. But Ben, you got something. So I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Hallelujah. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Hallelu. And I know it's not much. I'm nothing else fit for a king [Applause] except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] All my words fall short. I've got nothing new. How could I express all my gratitude? [Music] I could sing these songs as I often do. Every song must end [Music] and you never do. [Applause] Oh, so I'll throw up my hands, praise you again and again. [Music] is all that I have is a hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much. I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart sing. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] I've got one response. I've got just one move. With my arms stretched wide. Oh, I will worship you. I've got one. I've got one. [Music] I've got [Music] my heart. [Music] Oh, I will worship you. So I'll throw up my hand. Praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a heart. [Music] Hallelujah. I know and I know it's not much [Applause] [Music] for our single [Applause] hallelujah. [Music] Oh, let's sing that again. I've got one response, dear. I've got one response. I've got just one word with my arms rich. I will worship. Oh, I'm going to worship you. So I'll throw. So I'll throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is [Applause] and I know it's not much of nothing else for me [Music] except for a heart single. Hallelujah. [Music] Come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. Cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, come on my soul. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Get up and praise the Lord. Come on my soul. Come on my soul. Don't you get shy. Lift up your soul cuz you got to side of the sun. Give up and praise the Lord. Come on. Yes. Come on my soul. Don't you [Applause] [Music] inside of those came up and praise the Lord. [Music] So I'll throw up my hands and praise you again. Is all is all that I have. Yes, Lord. Yeah. Heat. [Music] I know [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] for a heart single. Oh hallelujah. Oh, so I'll throw a malle. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] All my words fall short. Thank you, Jesus. I've got nothing new. [Music] How could I express all my gratitude? I could sing. I could sing. Oh, sing it saints. As I often do. As I often do. Every day. And you never do. I could sing these songs. I could sing these songs [Music] as I often do. But every song must end. Oh, and you never knew. So I'll throw up my hands and praise you again. Oh, cuz all that I have is [Music] and I know it's not much else for a king except for a I singlelujah. [Music]
