################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-14 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘A Revival Of The Real You - Ephesians Pt 41’ - (Sun 842024) - Wayne Lawson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-14
Title:   Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘A Revival Of The Real You - Ephesians Pt 41’ - (Sun 8/4/2024)
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2cUystsEoE
========================================

If we could this morning, let's just stand and we're going to uh ask the Lord and just if we bow our hearts together. Amen. We'll come together for just a moment here in prayer. Amen. I'm I'm trying to gather myself so I can speak. I'm sorry. I just about don't have any breath. The anointing up here and Amen. So, let's just pray. Father, we ask you for your mercy, Lord, that your strength would just come here, Lord, upon every heart and every life as we feel that great sweeping presence of you as you move through the building. Lord, the mortal body almost don't know what to do. And Lord, one of these mornings you're going to give us a new body where we can sit around your throne, Lord, in fellowship under the atmosphere throughout eternity. Father, now this morning as we come together to to look into your word, I pray, Lord, that you would quicken our minds, you would quicken our understandings, Lord, that you would give us mercy and peace in our heart. And I just ask you now that you would take this word, that you would speak to the need of your people. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. And amen. If you have your Bibles, I'd like to go into the scripture in the book of Ephesians, the sixth chapter. And I'm going to read here uh from the sixth verse and the 17th verse. Sixth verse and seven uh six and 17. I'm just going to read the one scripture and let you be seated. and take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the spirit which is the word of God. You may be seated this morning. I want to uh speak from here again if you were with us Thursday night. Uh we took from here from Ephesians 6 for the dividing of the soul and the spirit. And we were looking uh at this uh from this area because the word of God of course the word is the sword of the spirit. And of course Hebrews the 4:12 uh Hebrews 4:12 said that it is a discerner between the thought and the intent and between the spirit and the soul which teaches us that there then is a difference between the spirit and the soul. And then if you can begin to understand the difference between the two, it takes you into another level of faith or another realm of faith and brings you into this. Now I I would like to take this for an a context thought if I would just for a title. I want to speak to you on a revival of the real you. A revival of the real you. Now, brother Brandon was saying things that are to be that this old tabernacle here, this body is like an old coat that you wear that you once wear. Now, but inside of there, it see you are inside there. So, it's like a wearing a coat, but the coat ain't you. You're on the inside there. So, this human body is like a coat that you wear. And he said, "See, it's not you. You are on the inside of that body. You, the spirit of God, is on the inside of that body. Do you hear how he identified you? You, the spirit of God, are on the inside of that body. See, your body, see, your real self is on the inside of this old cult that you call like William Brandom or Susie Jones or whoever it is. See, it's on the inside of that. Now, now the people, they've seen you, but all they've seen is this. And what what what you was, your real you is on the inside of that. Amen. But the old code itself is just bore the image. So the real you is on the inside of that. So here here's from the message of the inside man, 1953. If you haven't heard it, you'd love to hear it. Amen. The inside man. And brother said, "Do you ever think inside of your body is another man? There's another man inside the body. It's the spirit man. Amen. Now, uh just a couple of these quotes you heard Thursday. And the prophet of God will say, "See, the out the scientific part of a man, the see, the taste, the feel, the smell, the hear is only to contact this earthly home." But it's the inside man, which is the spirit that contacts God. Amen. That's the part that contacts God. Now, this is the inside man. See, if that inside man is of God, it is the spirit of God. If the inside man is of God, it's the spirit of God that's inside the man. Amen. Here it is. Brother Ram tells us this. He tells us about Apostle Paul when he was in the shipwreck and he was warming his fire, hands over the fire, and the serpent reached out and bit him. Now, that bit the man. The serpent bit the man. It bit the outside man. But brother Bram said, "But inside of him, every little cell of blood is alive." And there you all, he said, "They were charged full of the Holy Ghost." Certainly. Amen. That's how they walked on water. That's how they done great miracles because they were perfectly in harmony with God. See the very Holy Spirit that made the heavens and the earth had so charged this man with power. He says till death, amen, the thing of the serpent wouldn't even go into his body because he was full of the spirit the same as he was full of blood. That that is a refrigerator quote. He was as full of spirit as he was full of blood. Amen. And every every part of him was charged with that Holy Ghost. Brother Bam tells us the secret that he was ordained to be somewhere so the serpent couldn't kill him because Paul was supposed to go somewhere. So God had a purpose for his life. And God has a purpose for your life. How many knows things are to be what brother Ram said your purpose is? He says your purpose is your duty is to express God to this nation. That you're supposed to express the gene of God to this nation. That is your purpose. Now the of course that this man now is going to feed on psychology and he he will feed on something intellectual but the inside man he feeds on the word of God. He feeds on the word of God. Amen. And that's where the real great fight is tonight. Amen. Or this morning for us is is that man of course. Amen. God took his heart, but the devil took his mind. And he looks at things with his eye through his human things, but the heart is on the inside. And God gave eyes to that heart that they might be able to see. Now, we're living in a blind age. We're living in a blind leodya. Amen. But God on the inside of a believer, there's a door in your heart called the door of sight. And when God gets in that door, he opens the door of sight that you might be able to see. Amen. So that's exactly why the Bible says that you should pray that your that you have the anointing of your eyes that you might be able to see. That it takes anointing to see. Amen. Because it's the inside. Now, when the Holy Spirit begins to fall, it falls on all flesh. According to Joel chapter 2, that God would pour out his spirit on all flesh. But not all flesh is saved, but the spirit pours out on all flesh. And some people get the rain and they get it right on their flesh. And that's as deep as it goes. And some people go a little deeper even into gifts and things and it falls into their spirit, which is the second realm. But there's a third realm of man called the soul. Amen. And if the spirit ever gets down in that soul, that's where the real germ lays is in the soul of man. And if that gene, amen, is inside of you that come from God and you get that spirit in that third realm, there's an eternal life that is quickened on the inside of that believer. Brother Bam said the physical will contact the physical and the spiritual will contact the spiritual, but inside of that you got a soul and that soul is a gene that come from God. That's pretty powerful, brother Isaiah. That's pretty powerful. Amen. If you got a gene that come from God, it's no different than your heavenly father giving you a gene than your earthly father giving you a gene. Then out of that gene comes a life. And out of that life comes character and virtue and potential and ability. And it matters what seedline you are concerning what kind of character or what kind of virtue is there. Listen, you're not going to add amen uh dove feathers to a crow. Amen. You you can't stick them in. You can stick them in, but they won't last. Amen. And and but it's got to grow. And so is it with the seed gene of life. It has the potential of God on the inside of that seed. And if you put the life on the seed, it begins to manifest every virtue that is in God. You don't have to work it up or pump it up. You got to just let it grow. Amen. And it'll grow because it's in there. It comes from the soul. and things are to be. Brother Bram says it this. He said, "If you don't line up with the word, there's something wrong." You see, then your real father ain't God. Because the real start is in your soul. Amen. And before there was even a spirit, there is your soul. And if that soul didn't come from God, then it's not a germ of God to begin with. And you're deceived. You're just in a patch of weeds bearing the world's records. Amen. Now, he's being pretty straight here. Amen. If you can't if if the word don't mean nothing to you. He's saying the soul didn't come from God because a soul that come from God has the life of God on the inside of it. Doesn't mean that you're perfect or you're free from mistakes, but it means there's a desire in you to do the will of God in this generation. Now, because that real start is in your soul. Now, I I I tell you there the the significance of that. I cannot overemphasize that the start is in the soul. That's why brother Brandham said the Holy Ghost is a gift. He says but it's a temporal gift. But the real gift is that soul. It's that gene that come from God. Do you see if it come from God it can't be lost. Amen. That's why the Bible said that there should come in the last days Christ and false Christ that would deceive the very elected if it were possible. Other words, everybody could get under the anointing, but there's going to be some people with a gene seed of life inside of them. You you can no more deceive them than you could deceive God because the very life in them. In other words, they're not acting like Christians. They are Christians. They're not acting like message believers. They are message believers. They're they're not acting like children of God. They are the children of God. Amen. It's not an impersonation. It is a reality. Amen. That's where the real start comes from. Now, if you're watching and when their eyes were open, Brother Bam talks about the little woman at the well. He loves this. He loves this story. He tells it so many times. Amen. He tells the woman at the well. You know why he tells it, don't you? Because it represents his own ministry because the Messiah sign that was given to the woman at the well was given to a woman because it would be given to the church in the end time. See Jesus said, "A wicked and adulterous generation shall seek after a sign, but there will be no sign given except the sign of Jonas." Remember the sign of the resurrection. The sign of the resurrection would be that when Jesus did the same things in our generation that he did in that generation, but because he was the Messiah, he was only going to people who were looking for him. So the Samaritan was looking for him, the Jew was looking for him, the Gentile was not expecting a Messiah. They were idle packing heathens. They had no prophecies of a Messiah coming. But the Samaritan understood that the Messiah was coming and the Jew understood the Sam the Messiah was coming. So he gave his sign to the Jew and the Samaritan. But because there was no Gentiles to give it to, he took a woman who was a Samaritan. Amen. Who was a harlot representing what the church would be when God found them in the end time. And when he walked up to the whale, he looked right down. And brother Bam said it like this. That little arrogant, ill-fed woman, probably poor kid had been turned out in the street. He said, "But right down in her heart, she was predestinated. It was a predestinated seed laying there." See, she was a seed to start with. Before she was an arrogant little girl in the street, she was a seed to start with before her life. Amen. A a prostitution. She was a seed to start with. Amen. And you can't put enough trouble on that seed. Amen. To cover up what God can't redeem it out of the m. It really doesn't matter where he finds that seed. It's his seed and it belongs to him and he can get it out because he belong is still God. Look at what he done. Look how he found her. Brother Bam said that little seed was laying in there. Amen. Skip to the bottom of the paragraph. But this little woman, her life was all marred up. See that outward person? The life was all marred up. But down in there, there was a little bit of light way down in there was a seed waiting. And as sure as a light can strike a seed, it's germatized and it's going to live. And identification, brother Bam says something about her. He says, "The word found her." I love that. Don't you? In the beginning was the word, and the word was with God, and the word became flesh, and the word flesh found her. And when the word found her, he was sharper and quicker than any two-edged sword, and discerning of the thought and the intent of the heart. He pierced past the darkness of prostitution. He pierced past the darkness of her of her religious upbringing. Come on, church. Amen. Religion had left her in a mess. The Pharisees had left her in a mess. And she was as done with religion as I'm done with religion. I don't know about you, all but I don't want religion. I want Jesus. I want the power of the Holy Ghost to come down in the church with revival and reality. Do you see what it was? The word found her. And when the word found her, look at the condition she was in. But it's sharp and powerful and it's piercing and it's dividing of the spirit in the soul. Her spirit was a prostitute. That was the spirit. But the gene seed that was on the inside of her belong to God. Brother Ram says it like that. She was one of those thoughts of God that was manifested. She was one of those thoughts of God. Somebody say it. Thoughts of God. Thoughts of God. She was one of those thoughts of God that was manifested. And brother Ba in later in identification he said and there were others and there were others that had them thoughts in God's mind. He said like Peter and Nathaniel and all of those that was in God's thinking but as soon as that light flashed they recognized it. Hallelujah. You know what he said? You know what brother Ram went on to say? He said you didn't have to go down and get them and bring them up to an altar. You didn't have to go and drag them to the things of God. He said because there was a seed in them and a moment the light went over them, they was ready to follow the word of God. And I believe this morning there's something on the inside of a believer. Amen. You don't have to pump them up and make them do it. You don't have to talk them into it. Amen. Just let the Holy Spirit start going over that seed and something on the inside will break out of them and they begin to follow God. You see it? She was an actual type of the bride. Amen. She was a type of the bride. She was a woman, a harlot, and she had a seed, and the Messiah sign came to her. Took 2,000 years for that type to mature. And brother Random uses this more than any other thing that he does concerning his ministry over and over and over and over and over and over again because watch, he's reflecting somebody from the scripture. And brother Bam never stood there and said, "Now I'm going to do what Paul did." He didn't do that. But he said, "Has this been done since Jesus was on the earth?" And after 2,000 years, the Messiah sign was done. And there was a woman. So if there was a Messa sign, we know where that fits. That was Brother Brandham. But where does the woman fit? Somebody's life right here this morning reflects the character of that woman that said amen to that word and it quickened the seed that was on the inside of her. That's right. It was. Now, Brother Bam says it like that. That's why in the rapture, Brother Bam could come along and say she's justified. Now, she never done it in the first place. Now, there should be a whole sermon preached on in the first place, but I but to save time, I'll just say this. The first place was in God. But before he was God, because God's an object of worship, right? But Elohim is a self-existent one. And that's where you were. You were in Elohim before there was any physical manifestation. You were a part of his thinking of this end time and you were in him then. That's why brother Bam said, "See then the bride is justified." Now, now there's a big difference in justified and forgiven. Big difference. Brother Bam said, "Forgiven means you did it and then I forgave you for it." He said, "But justified means that you never did it." Actually never did it. In other words, if I came to you and I said to you, "Hey, I forgive you for being out last night drinking, driving around in the car, and you said, "But brother Wayne, I wasn't out last night drinking, driving in the car." Amen. Now, I can't forgive you because, Amen, you didn't do it, then you're just not you're justified. In other words, you never did it in the first place. Now, the word justified means just. And I I it's a play on words, but just if I'd never done it. Just if I'd never done it. So justified takes a new meaning. It's not justified for you. It's just if I never did it. Amen. And that justification, Brother Bam says, she never done it in the first place. say here's the word prophet and he's looking at you but he's not looking at you here he's looking at the inner man and he's identifying the inner man came from eternity the gene seed on the inside of you he is saying it never did it to begin with the real start is the soul the soul didn't start in your body it began in God and it's come and deposited in a body but you were a seed to begin with When you were a little bitty baby coming from this earth into the earth, God had a seed in you already. Come on, church. Don't tell me that you had the power to go into a bar when you was born. You had the power to tell a lie. Amen. To cheat, to commit adultery. In this first birth, everything when you were born in the earth, everything that would ever cause you to sin was in you right then. Then you got to believe like you got to believe that the Bible says that there was a seed in you also as a son or daughter of a God that when you came up to an altar, you were born with a power to do that. And no matter how many years you spent in the world, that seed was there when God put you on this earth. And this word has come to redeem that which God had already had in his earth. Amen. Now it's the first place. Therefore, being marred, he said, "But now be being married to the virtuous son of God, never sinned, she was for ordained." Now, usually I put this in the end of my notes and I never get to it. So, I'm going to start with it this morning. It's in the end of 14 different notes I've had throughout this Ephesians series, and I never get to it. We're just going to start with it. If we run out of time, glory to God. She was for ordained. See, she was trapped and now she heard the truth and came forth. The blood cleansed her. What happened? She heard the truth. She heard the real truth. Amen. She heard the truth for the first time in her life. And it took the word to identify her as a thought of God. Nothing else can do it, folks. Nobody else can identify you. But this message has identified this bride not as a Pentecostal, not as a Lutheran, not as a Baptist, but as the bride, the literal out reign part of Almighty God. She never sinned in the first place. I love it. Things that are to be. Brother Bam said the word of God bleeding to wash the bride. She stands perfect, virgin, unadulterated. She never sinned in the first place. She was trapped into it. Now, when I'm reading this, I'm not talking about your human body. There's two of you. And I'm talking about that germ that come from God that has taken over this human body. And this human body is saying you're human, but the other part is saying you're deity. And we have focused so long on the human part that the deity part has been suppressed and oppressed. Amen. And it never gets its way. Well, I think it's time to turn loose of the deity part and you tell this human part, I'm taking over this body. Hallelujah. Now, I I believe that it's high time that the word of God is bled that it might release you. You You say, "Well, somebody, Brother Brandon said, here it is. You was trapped into it." Do you want to deal with the human side? You were trapped. You were trapped into it. Now, let's go in the visible union. The bride's powerful sermon. Brother Bam said, "You're standing completely justified. You never sinned at the first place. God don't even know nothing." Yeah. You're sitting there trying to discuss this with God and God don't know what you're talking about. That's the truth. Amen. God don't know what you're talking about. Brother Brandon said, "God don't even know nothing. It's in the sea of forgetfulness. Now, y'all know, Brother Bram uh told about it. Uh brother, brother Tim Prit and I talked it over one time. The lady actually was in his church, came through a prayer line down in Louisiana. She was a smoker. Came through the prayer line and brother Bam was telling, "Confess your sins before you get here." And there was some people come in front of her. And Brother Bam called him out smoking and said, "You need to repent of that smoking then God will heal you." And this girl sitting back here grazed a Methodist. She got scared. She said, "Well, I didn't know it was that big a deal." But she got she got under conviction and she didn't want her mama knowing. She didn't want the whole church knowing. So, she got to repentance. And when she got in front of Brother Bram, he never called her out. Now, that happened, I think, a couple different times. And somebody asked Brother Brandham about it. And brother Bram simply said, "Look, that if God don't see it, how could it profit?" See, when it's put under the blood, that is God's created way to destroy sin. Otherwise, you would have to live with the accumulation of your sin your whole life. That's an Old Testament law. The the blood of the Old Testament pushed it and pushed it and pushed it and pushed it and it accumulated. But that day on Calvary, there was a sacrifice made. That one drop of the blood of Jesus Christ eradicated every sin that was ever committed from Adam all the way to the end of the world. Not just the not just sin that was, Amen, but sin that was going to happen. God's blood is so powerful. He has already destroyed sin you ain't even committed yet. He's already destroyed sicknesses that ain't even come up in your body yet. Because by his stripes, you are healed. By the blood, you are saved. Do you see the power of that blood this morning? Amen. Now, I know it's in the sea of forgetfulness. Now, here's the thing. You never did it. That's a prophet. Now, you were accused of it by the accuser, but really, I love how he says that. Get real. Yeah, but really now you're accused of it. Get real, man. Are you hearing the prophet? You're accused of it. But really, from the beginning, you were predestinated to be a son and daughter of God. And you're standing here washed and your old book of divorcement is put away. And it's dead and absolutely out of existence in the mind of God. Hallelujah. Well, glory be to God. He said, you're accused of it, but really you're really a predestinated son to begin with. Now, here, brother B say it like this. You were deceived into it by your first marriage. And it's no fault of your own. But by your natural birth, you come after Eve who committed adultery. And that's the reason you was born an adulteress. You were a sinner to begin with. That's right. You was deceived into it, but it ain't your fault. You never did it because that little germ that was in you was to be you before the foundation of the world. Now, if if we could we don't have time to get in deep in doctrine this morning in this area, but y'all know if you if Adam hadn't failed, you would have been spoken word children in the in the garden, right? There would have never been no sin in the first place. Because you were in that the real you was in that lamb's book of life that would have come out in that garden under the manifested word. You would have been a part of that word that would have come out in perfection. Amen. But because of the failure of Eve, you came into the earth in a perverted birth with spiritual amnesia. Amen. And therefore, brother Ram is saying it's not your own fault. You were born here, but really there's a germ that was in you was to be you. the real you before the foundation of the world. Now Jesus himself and the redeemer. Brother Ram said, "What did he redeem?" He redeemed your soul from hell. That's what he is. He's a redeemer of the soul. Jesus is a redeemer. He redeems by process. 1964 future home. Brother Bandham tears apart the idea there's two souls. Of course, some people don't read all the message. They read one part of it and they run off with something and then they cause a lot of confusion. Usually it's excuse for sin. Usually usually uh the mis the mishandling of the word is done to make a hole that some man wants to fulfill some perversion just to be honest. Amen. And they then therefore by doing this amen they they they uh make two different souls. Now, now if you want to understand the redemption of the soul and understand how there's an old soul and a new soul, you've got to go to future home and you look at the earth itself. And brother Bam said, "Watch, there's three different earths. There's an old world, there's a present world, and there's a world to come, but it's all the same earth." And the soul is just one soul, but it's now a redeemed soul. And that redeemed so is through a process that God came down through justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost and redeemed you. Now that redemption of you is the real you. Is that right? To show you. Now, Brother Brown, the message identification is powerful. Paragraph 77, he said to show you it's the ones that he thought of his thoughts is the Christian of today. How many Christians I got in here today? His thought is the Christian today. Do you see? You were actually his thoughts before the world began. See, man was born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come to the earth speaking lies, and there is nothing in him at all. See, but if he was God's thought when he come to the world, he's God's thought to the beginning to display an attribute. Do you follow me? Then Jesus came to break the clouds back so that an attribute could display itself. He is God's expressed word. Nothing else could be manifesting. Other characters had already fallen. See, Jesus came to redeem. Now, now, uh, this is very, uh, I would need to really slow down to get this area, but y'all's quick, so I'll just say it fast. But Jesus was a redeemer, right? He was a redeemer. But Job said, "My redeemer lives." So the life is the redeemer. See, now there's no life in the Bible that could redeem fallen man. See, every thought that fell from heaven would have had to go unfulfilled except that the life of God could get into the thought and then resurrect the thought. Now, that life had no way to get to man unless it come through Calvary and was released as a spirit upon man. So, the so the Holy Spirit redeems the fallen thought of God and makes you a Christian today. So, there it is. Brother Bam says, "See, anything is to bring it back. It's God's thought." See that that thing, that little you, that little me. No one the world could take our place. See, it was God's thought. Now Jesus says this in John 17 and5. He said, "Father, glorify me with the glory I have before the world was." The glory before the world was. Brother Ram said, "Then Jesus was the only man that had pre-incarnate knowledge." It's odd to me that William Brandham then comes along and he starts talking about in the beginning God and then he said now before that. So whatever knowledge it was that wrote the Bible and had existence before the Bible has spoke to us in this generation through an Elijah prophet to make known and identify what it was even before and what it was in the Bible and what it is now. Do you see what he's doing? He's showing you an identification in God. He's identifying you in the Bible. And now he's identifying you today. What's he doing? He's bringing a perfect faith that we were chosen in God before the foundations of the world. Brother Brandon brings us this in in questions and answers in 1953. And he said, "The first man he made was in his image." Returning back to the image to our first created image. When God created me, William Brandham, I was before the foundation of the world. He made my being, my spirit. I wasn't conscious as far as I know of. He says, "But I don't believe you're getting it." But Jesus told the disciples that he knew them before the foundation of the world. And Paul said that he chose us before the foundation of the world. Therefore, some part of me, Arman Neville, all of the rest of you here that is in Christ was there before the world began. Yeah. And this is my analysis of this. I think the people today are possessed with the spirit or the spirit, a part of the angelic spirits which rotated off of God and never fell in the beginning and resisted the lie of the devil in heaven. Then when that great theophony be to spin in heaven, brother Bam said off of that rotated spirits and he said those spirits have anointed people in this generation that they wouldn't believe the lie of the devil in this. That's why the Bible could say that in the end time there will be false Christ. You won't deceive the elected [Applause] because somebody's character will reflect that scripture because they were there in the beginning. They were there when Jesus prophesied and now they're sitting right here this morning. This is not just an abstract bride. You're not just a bride of his imagination. This bride is a reality of the fulfillment of the thought of almighty God. Listen, this is a real bride. She's a true bride. There's been churches and churches and brides and brides, but there's got to come one that is the fulfillment of the vision. We're not here just to talk about it. You are that. Hallelujah. What is it? Now, Brother Bram has some powerful things to say. You would think he was educated in the idea. He said when his program was laid out, the whole thing, you were recognized in the program because you got eternal life. Now, that word eternal means it never did begin and neither can it end. How many's got eternal life? Now, come on, raise it up high. Let's get some faith. That life never began. Now, I know you think it started on someday. That's not true. That life never began because it's eternal. Neither can it end. That's why we don't believe in pre-existence of souls. You're not pre-existent. You're eternal. You're you're you're a part of God. Do you see? and you you you're a part of his attribute. Now, when brother Bam says this, he says, "See, it came in. You're an attribute of God's thinking before the world was ever created." Now, that's the only way you can have eternal life. And that life he was thinking of you is in you now. Amen. That life that was before the world, that was thinking of you is in you now. My goodness. That that life that was thinking of you is in you now. See, there's no way to separate that. What is it? Brother Ram said, "Is Elohim materializing?" It's just Elohim materializing. What is it? That life has already come into the church. Brother Brandham says it like this. He said, "A real believer, no matter what they are, they're thoroughly satisfied. They're thoroughly convinced because the life that is in them has already become Christ." The life that is in you has already become Christ. Now if you take that quote and Amen it comes and go wait Jesus. Amen. Let me ask you where's he at today? You want to talk about the bride coming of Christ. Amen. Open up your eyes folks. Has she been so long with you that you have not known who she was? Listen. Jesus was with Peter and he was on a wood boat and brother Bam said it was made of common wood and the creator of the wood slept in the boat and he was asleep. He said but here we are. He said made of Texas mud and Indiana mud and Ohio mud and the same one that was in that boat is in this boat. It's the same life. Hallelujah. The same life and the life that is in you has become Christ. Amen. That's why you can look at her and say she is him because it's the same life. Now here's the thing. There has never come a message that could reflect the exact character of Jesus to identify himself on the earth. Now now um brother Brandon will say it very clearly in adoption. He said you're actually never able to have the right kind of faith until positionally you know right? Do you see faith is not just a a quickening, it's a positioning, right? Because look, let's get real, okay? You you when you get married, let's just put it that way. When you get married and you're living with one another and you got the marriage certificate and you had the wedding video and you got rings and you share a home together, does that mean every day is going to be the best day? But your position, you got to know that that's your position. And the bride is married in this age. It's the marriage of the lamb. That's your position. And you know, really, you have a you have a checkbook. This is checkbook time. You see what it is? Now, you'll never really have the right kind of faith until positionally you know that. Now, here's the here's the thought. As brother B will say this, it's pretty amazing how he does say it. He says, "Down there in Kentucky." And he said, "We lived in a a log house." He said, "On clapboard shingles and things." And he said, "There was a mirror at our home." He said, "But it was just a mirror piece of it tacked up on a tree and there was a little wash bench out there and it was a pitcher pump." And he said, "Dad would pump it, wash his hands, and look in the mirror." And he said, "I seen mama stand out there and try to comb her hair because there was no mirror in the house." Now, now how many ever uh when you was a kid, how many ever found a little piece of mirror? You just found a little piece of it, you know, and you tack it up on a tree or you put it up on a little piece and you know, you have a hard time reflecting more than just a portion, right? Yeah. You know, and usually usually they're foggy or dirty or half broke and you know, you know, and it don't do a real good job of reflecting the whole image. And brother Ram said that that there was a little boy. He said he was raised in a home much like ours. And one day he went down to his grandma's. Y'all y'all remember the story? And and they were a little better off down there and they went down to the town and he said upstairs there they had a a mirror that was on the back side of the door. And he said he stood there and the little lab was lonesome. He's looking around and he said he happened to look at that door that had been closed. He said, "But then somebody must have opened it and he saw the back of that door and he saw a mirror on it." Now, now this prophet is not just telling a story, folks. He's telling you that up to the opening of the word, there's just been a little mirror tacked on the wall that we could get glimpses of what that real bride looks like. But when that door opens up, there is a Has anybody ever seen one of them fulllength mirrors? We got one of them in our bedroom. I I skipped past that thing. But it reflects the full image to you. You can literally there's there's mirrors that can tell you what you look like. There's mirrors that can tell you exactly who you are, exactly what you're looking like. And the message of the hour is not a partial look at the bride. It's not just a little piece or a little glimpse or a little part, but it's a real face to face complete view of what she looks like from the body of the feet all the way to the head. I'll tell you this, the prophet of God said that great mirror this morning is his word. And we ought to be able to identify ourselves, he says, with something we're going to speak about. Now, we were talking about in the Bible study on Friday. It was it was I used it kind of as a as a humor, but but it's really true. Amen. Most of you's got mirrors in your house and and you know, they're they're usually personal. They're forever. You know, you usually got a mirror for you, you know, and we were laughing about it. I was talking about brother Seth and I know he's a nicel looking guy but I said Seth when did you ever get up in the morning and go look in the mirror and just look for a minute and go there stands a Messiah. Can you Can you just see him stand in the mirror looking? Mariah, come here. You got to see this guy. That's a Messiah standing looking right here. Brother Isaiah, you surely ain't never done that. But see, the reason he don't do that is because in that mirror is a human, a human man looking and he sees all the imperfections and he sees all the troubles of the years. He sees all the problems and they're all collected in the image that he's looking at. It identifies all the years and the struggles and the problems and the issues and it's all looking back at him right there in that mirror. Amen. But there's another mirror. Come on, church. There's another mirror called the word of God. And there's something about it when you start looking in this one that you'll holler for somebody to come here and see what the prophet said about me. Come here. Look. Here's the Messiah right here. Here it is. I was in him before the foundation of the world. Chrisa, come and look. It's a Messiah. Do you see church of the living God? Amen. There is a reflection out of the mirror this morning of the real you. That mirror at home is not the real you. It's just bearing what's on the inside. But on the inside of you is royalty. You are looking at the queen of heaven. You are looking at God's attributes. You are looking at the reason and the purpose of his being. Everything that God is is in this church. Everything, every bit of his reputation. All that was in God was poured into his son. And all that was in Christ has been poured into this bride. Now, I know we've sat here this morning. We look at the Bible. And but for the first time, we can see ourselves across the pages of the Bible. We're not just a one scripture church. We're not just a one one little creed or one little doctrine or one little piece. We we have not taken one little area of the message and seed it down and said this is all there is to it brother. It's an open book. It's a whole book. And the Bible said to eat the whole lamb and don't eat it soden with water and don't water the thing down but put some fire under it and roast it and make it tasty. I believe it this morning. Do you see what it is? Amen. That that when the when the Bible starts opening up, Brother B said it become a new book. Right. Right? It become a new mirror. Let's just put it that way. And brother Brandon says it like this. He said, "See, every parable in the Bible and every type in the Bible is made manifest right before us. The same God in the pillar of fire that wrote it, he came and make it manifest." Now watch him in Christ revealed in his own word and evening lights has come on and every parable everywhere we go nature Bible he said whatever it was Daniel kings of those days everybody every form every move every place positionally shows the hour we're living in this entire Bible speaks of this moment in Christ the mystery of God revealed brother Brandon said he had a goal in his mind and he said it's put in every type that's in the Bible. The seventh seal when it opened up, we found out it was in every type that was in scripture because the seventh seal is Christ. It is life and it's coming to the church. Do you see the third pull is not something for somebody else. It's not just something for brother Brandham. The third pull, we are a part of that by predestination. That is our part of that word. Life is coming in. So when you start reading the Bible, do you see what the message does? It redeems your life and it lets you look in the scripture when that life was represented as David. When that same life that's in you was represented in scripture, you can see yourself as David one morning. You know, you you fight your Goliath, but but that's not your only type. That's only a portion of your character. But you can see another character in Shanggar when you pick up your oxod and you go to weapon and you can see another portion of your character when you see Samson pick up the jawbone or when you see Gideon coming under the inspiration and destroying his enemy. You can see other parts of your body other than just that one part. Come on Tamar, can't you see yourself when you were in desperation? That part of you is a life that was causing Tamar to do what she done. And you don't know it, but that was in God's mind. When Tamar was preserving the seedline of Judah, she was becoming a part of the coming of the Lord. Look, that life was descending to earth, wasn't it? And it was coming right through Judah's line. So Tamar had to do her part. Come on, Rahab. You had to do your part. And I can show you in the Bible who you are in the Bible. I can show you Rahab. And I can show you the part she played. And it only mirrors the life that you live. And here you can identify yourself with it. What was it? They was a part of the descension. He descended through 42 generations. That's right. Go read them. It's 41 actually. But the 42nd generation was yet to come. In Isaiah 53, from the cross he cried, "And who shall declare his generation? There shall be forth a seed, and a generation shall be counted as the seed." And who is that seed this morning? But the royal seed of Abraham who then can look back in scripture and show their identification in every type that's in the Bible. You are Sarah and your Abraham. You're David, Amen, and your Samson. See, you see, every one of those types are reflecting because it was a life that was in them that caused them to do what they were doing. Amen. I tell you, there was a time when Paul was here and Paul said in first Corinthians, he said, "We look in a mirror dimly, but one day face to face. One day, we're going to know as we are known." That's the life that knew us is going to be revealed. And when this thing begins to open, we begin to see him face to face. and we are changed into the same image. So something has been molding you throughout your life. Some some life has molded the character of your human life. But this life that comes from Christ will mold you into the character of Christ. See, there's a real you. There's a real church. Somebody said, "Which is the real church?" I'll tell you what a prophet said. He said, "Even Satan knows that God is immutable in his ways. And even Satan can assuredly know the church at Pentecost with the power of God is Mark 16 in action. And the true church that Jesus claims as his own. Mark 16 in action is the true church Jesus claims as his own. Now Christ in this true church will be a continuation of the book of Acts. Christ in this true church will be a continuation of the book of Acts. And in this bride greater works will be done. Yeah. This bride will be greater works will be earned. And listen, here is where the weakest Christian can stand. This is where I take my stand. That revelation is the greatest prevailing power that is known to man. Revelation is a prevailing power. And brother Brandham says it is the thing that gives you authority over the devil. Revelation is what causes you to understand who you are. It identifies you. But that revelation cannot come from just a school like a teacher putting two scriptures together. Brother Random said it'll take supernatural instruction for the church to understand who they are by scripture. There's nobody can take you through this Bible and show you yourself except the life that wrote the Bible gets inside of you and then you can see the mirror and understand my life is his life and is I'm just as much a part of that word as he is a part of that word. There is nothing of such prevailing power as the power of revelation. Brother Bam said one of these days now I I know I don't know about you all but rapture is my goal. Rapture is my goal. So the revelation I really desire is the one that raptures you. That's the one that really goes. And a lot of people has that out in the distance. But brother Bam didn't put it in the distance. In the rapture book, he said, look, he said she's waiting for that revelation. And a couple of verses later, a couple of pages later, he begins to say that 1 Thessalonians 4 is a revelation of a three-fold purpose of God. And the shout is a message. The voice is when the bride begins to believe it. And the trumpet is the changing of the body. The revelation of the rapture is it comes in a progression of three-fold. And it begins with the word. And when the word takes preeminence in your life, it molds the character of Jesus Christ. That's why brother Brandham said the new birth is a revelation. Glory to God. It's a revelation. And it gives you authority that God has revealed to you this great mystery. That's your new birth. Amen. Oh, if the church only knew its position. It will one day. And the rapture is going to go when it knows what it is. Hallelujah. You say, "Preacher, I want a rapture revelation." Your position in Christ is the revelation of the rapture in this last day. We are not just a Leodysian church. We have been positioned in 1 Thessalonians 4. There has been a change from a death cycle to a rapture cycle. And the church is on their way to a change of the body. Do you see what it is? What happened? What happened to Adam and Eve? Disbelieve the word and they fail. But God has sent a message to speak another word. And it's a word of incorruptibility that will resurrect the church and will change them in the moment in the twinkle of an eye if the church only knew its position. And let me ask you this. How are you going to identify yourself in this word without this life? The life that was in him from the beginning. That's why I took so much time to tell you the life in you is the thought he had then. And that thought has been reflected through every scripture that's ever been written. You can go to every type and find Christ. So, brother Bram said Jesus was the fulfillment of the Old Testament. But this bride is a fulfillment of the New Testament. You have the interpretation of that word. You see what it is? It's not identified us in a morg. It didn't identify us as a dead church. It identified us as the living manifestation of the word of the living God. Come on, church. This bride will not fail. She can't fail because she's the word to begin with. My goodness, when you think of it. Now, true identification. We know that Jesus was the Messiah. We know he was the son of God. We know he was the bridegroom. He was God's tabernacle. God said so. He said so at the River Jordan and he said so on Mount Transfiguration, but where it really spoke was in a tomb on a Sunday morning. But where it really spoke was in a tomb on a Sunday morning. And brother Bram said there his cold body laid dead in that tomb. It laid there dead in that tomb. But it wasn't to that life came back in that body that it was identified as God. You see, it wasn't the death that identified him as the resurrected one. It wasn't the death that identified him as Isaiah, but it was the resurrection that identified him. And when the life come into the body, that was God saying, "This is my body." And then that body was reflected throughout the scriptures down through the ages. Do you see? Then the life. Brother Bam said his body was not held in the grave. It was resurre recognized with him in resurrection the same as he is now. Listen. Which means this the word which he is has beun to realize. The word went from Luther and Wesley and began to raise in power and begin to move and then it moved a little more. But now it's coming up to identification. Woo. Glory. It's coming up to identification. Do you see what he's saying? When the bride knows who she is, that's when the rapture is going to go. When you get your position, when you know who you are by the word, that's when the rapture will go. And brother Bam says it's coming up time now to identification. See, watch. To the life in the body. True identification is the life in the body. That's what it is. As brother Ram says it like that, the life in the body is a vindication. The rapture is at hand. There's nothing else to happen. See, just the harvest. That's just the harvest then. See, see, watch what's watch what's watch Jesus uh watch God quit his creation. What what in the Garden of Eden? Why did he quit creating? He quit creating because he reached perfection, right? Why does the farmer harvest the field? Because the seed has reached back to seed again. Life has moved to its fullness to identify what the plan is. And why would God continue the church age when life is now coming up to identification that this is the bride that was in his mind before the world began? And who could tell you that unless it was the life that thought of you, that came to you. Come on, church. This message is more than just a bunch of teaching. It is the return of the pillar of fire which you were a part of to begin with has come here to redeem you and identify you and say this is my people. I can't call you church no more. I'm going to have to call you bride. And when the bride recognizes mama that's me, then she's going to go. You do you you you see the correlation when she starts recognizing and seeing. I know some of this is real elementary to you, but you forgive me for my elementary thoughts, but I'll say this. But up there in those stars, you were recognized in that pyramid. You were recognized in this scripture. You're recognized in the message. You're recognized. You just have to recognize that's you. Somebody's in the pyramid. Somebody's in the stars. Somebody's in the pillar of fire. Mama, that's me that's in there. I know they've talked about it. Amen. But there is a real you. There's a real you. And it's reflected in the scripture. Now you say, "Preacher, why in the world is it so important to see me?" Because if you know who you are, you know what belongs to you. Watch Abraham walking out in the out out in the promised land. And when he meets Melazdc out there, he's just separated from Lot and his brethren. And he gets out there and he's not got anything over him. And the Lord looks at him and says, "Hey, look to the north and you look to the south and you look to the east, you look to the west and everything you see belongs to you." and the church of the living God. If you get all of the unbelief beat off of you and you get all of the traditional ideas beat off of you, everywhere you look in the Bible, you can say, "That's me. That's me, mama. That's me. That belongs to me. Joy belongs to me. Peace belongs to me. The Holy Ghost belongs to me. Life belongs to me." You see, but I just heard Brother Bam on tape this morning. He's discerning person after person. He said, "That ought to beat the dross of unbelief off of you." I said, "It did, Brother Random. I believe you. It beat the dross of unbelief off of my eyes." And I I'm not just reading a couple pages. I'm seeing eternal thoughts manifested in the age where we're living in. Every promise in this book is ours. No man come unto the father except by me. See, you got to come through that life to be recognized as a part. In John 6:44, Jesus tells the truth. That's why Brother Bam says he would get on election and he get on it real strong. Well, I guess I picked up his habit. Election and election real strong. Now, there might be brothers that feel more qualified to beat the church into position, but that ain't me. I read where the prophet of God said that Israel was put in their nation by persecution, but the church would be put in its position by the power of God. So I say open up the channels and let the power of God come until we find our position in that word. Brother, you don't have to. Brother Ma said it in the spring of the year. You never seen angels with with uh uh with ladders up and down the road on the on the oak trees. You never seen a bunch of angels. God ain't got a ain't got a lift pick a leaf picking uh policy that comes in the spring of the year to get the old last year's leaves off. But Ram said they nobody has to do that. He said they may hang on there all winter, but when the new life starts coming, he said when the new life starts coming, it just pushes off the old and it brings on the new. Brother, let the new life get in that inner man and it'll push off the old habits. It'll push off the old ideas. It'll push them off. We don't have to compromise. We don't have to beat somebody into form. Just get life in them and watch the life begin to bring changes. That's right. Amen. Because these people were ordained to believe. There are three classes of people. And I really believe these are genuine believers. I say that because somebody who had their names written in the Lamb's book of life was before the foundation of the world. I happen to believe I was on that book. You say, "How do you know you're on that book?" Well, how'd Peter know it? How did Peter know to reflect his self in that book? How did he get from from a ignorant fisherman to recognizing he was in that book? Brother Bram said, "I'll tell you how he did it." He said, "When that messiah sign strike over that seed," he said he knew his name was in the book because the light struck the seed. That's exactly what happened that woman to whale. That's exactly what happened to people throughout the nation. And that's exactly what happened to me. Do you see what it is? You identify yourself as having your name in that lamb's book. Brother Bam said God never came. Knoweth it not. He said he never came to redeem the devil's children. He came to redeem his own. That's what it was. He come to redeem his own. His own children. Now, as sure as there's a natural seed, there's a spiritual gene seed. And in that gene seed, brother Bram said that gene is in us and we were sons and daughters of God to begin with. When God called you, he had already for ordained you. For when God called, Romans 8:29 and 30, to the to them that he called, he's already justified. And them that he justified, he's already glorified. I love how Brother Brown reads it and says, "Let the devil have all the temper tantrum he wants to have. They're already glorified. Not in this body. But in the presence of God, now I know some people maybe don't agree with this, but I'm preaching and I know brother Ray believes it and I believe it, so we're going to preach it anyhow. But you know in Matthew 18 chapter that Jesus said that all children die goes to heaven. And he said the reason being is their angels behold the father's face. And when he picked that up, Brother Brandham was asked about that question. And brother Brandham said, "That's the offenes. That's your angelic body." Amen. Not that you're an angel. We're talking about celestial. And he said that body is in the presence of the father. No wonder he could say you're already glorified. Somebody said, "Well, you don't even have a theophony." Really? Brother Ram said, "When you recognize this message is eagle food, you heard from it." That's right. Well, I don't know about you, but I heard from my theophony and my I didn't just hear it. I heard a call from it. And that call come right out of this message. That that that was the very thing that Brother Brandham said was that was that theophony standing there. That's why he could therefore say they're already glorified. Now, Brother Brandham actually seeing those bodies within 20 ft of his bedroom. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know how long this building is, but it's a lot longer than any 20 ft. So, I'd say a person sitting in the middle of this building strikes a very good chance of being within the reach of the theophades that's beyond the curtain of time. Come on, church. It's not a million miles away. It's just in a dimension that's a little faster than this one. And the prophet of God is telling us, one of these days, we're going to speed up. Oh, that's why this anointing that came not an ox anointing. It's not landbound and slow. It's an eagle anointing. And they catch the revelation. Amen. It's a quickening in the end time. It's a spirit of God that comes upon the church. It's the real you. Now, now I'm going to say this. Amen. Uh uh a revival. Uh brother Seth Button, where have you brother? That's a that's a good quote you sent me this week. Amen. On revival. I think you come out of recognizing your presence. Topeka. If you hadn't heard the Topeka series, go listen to the Topeka series. It's amazing. Son of Man's all through there. But in that, Brother Brham describes what a real revival is. Now, what a real one is. And he said, really, he says what a real reviving is, a real revival is not an adding. It's not an adding. He said what that is is it's a cleaning up of what you got. It's a it's a it's a refreshing of what you got. Now, I I know the church is growing, and I appreciate the Lord for letting it grow, but I don't want just see the church grow. I want to see predestinated seed. That's why we're not backing off of the message. We're not going to We're not going to water the message down to incorporate all the world. Come on, church. We're going to preach the message and bring the genuine seed and feed the word of God. This is the theophony calling back. We're not interested in building the biggest church. We're interested in preaching the message of the hour to the elected. We're going to leave here one of these mornings. Are you reading the news? Israel's in a great mess. It may be in the morning. This bride may be finding her position this morning. The last one might be sitting here hearing me preach this morning. Then why could I preach a Baptist sermon? Or why could I preach a Lutheran sermon worried about somebody's feelings getting hurt? Brother, you can't hurt the bride's feelings with this message. You can't hurt the bride's feelings with this message. They're not scared of the name William Brandham. They're not scared of the Holy Ghost. They're not scared of shouting and rejoicing and praising because they were there when the Bible said Job shouted. [Applause] Somebody's shouting right here this morning. Somebody said, "Well, that's just too far." are. But here's the problem is, Brother Bam said, "Last one's going to come in somewhere. It might not be a churchwide revival. It might not be a world revival. It may be one person. One person." When God went to Lazarus in the tomb, it was one man coming out, which represents this bride's revival. It may be one person at a time. It may be in one person and not another, but he called Lazarus by name. And so has this message called you by name brother. What was it when that revival began? It was a hearing of the name. Brother Bam said this book holds the mystery and the unfolding of it. Now the mystery of this book is calling names. The opening of the word, the opening of the door put a mirror before the church. Told you who you was. Called your name. Said come on to your rewards. What is it? Amen. the same one that woke up Gerus's daughter with not a general resurrection, but he said, "The woman sleepeth. She don't she didn't die. She sleeps." And brother Bam said, "What was it?" Her name was on the lamb's book. And there might have been many maidens that morning that had went to sleep or died. He said, "But not that one." And when he went down to the house, he proved, Brother said, he proved his word was right. when he spoke her name and she come alive. He said but he proved something else too. He said he also proved that he was all knowing. He had fornowledge and he knew her name before he called her. And God knew your you see this message has fornowledge. It knew about you before you got here. You don't think brother Ram was just preaching to the people in the 60s, do you? Amen. He was calling it an infant bride church in the 60s. You see what it is? He proved he was God and he proved what he knew was there. Now it looks dark for revival and I understand there's a lot of darkness in the world we're living in and it looks dark. But it's no darker than it was the night that the disciples were on the sea. And brother Bram said a devil got on every wave and said, "I'll sink this ship." The problem with that ship is Jesus wasn't on it. Oh, but brother Bram said, oh, he said, there it is. But when all the hope was gone for revival, they saw him walking on that sea. They saw him walking on that sea. How many knows what that actually represents? Now, when brother Bram says it, brother, Brother Bam says one place. He says, "Brother Bam, are you saying the spirit of God will be on the church?" And brother B said, "Yes." He said, "That's exactly what the book of Isaiah says. the government shall be on their shoulders. And then he goes over to the book of Daniel, the 12th chapter, and he opens it. And Daniel said he's seen times and times in a half a time. And then the book would be opened. And he said there was a man in the water standing there with a wide on. And brother Bram said, "There it was. It was the Holy Ghost on the water." He said, "What did the water represent in Revelation 17? It was the people." Yeah. So when you see the Holy Ghost on the people, it will be a sign of the end time. When Jesus come walking on the water, brother Bram said it represented the resurrection ministry of Christ would come to the people on the water. In other words, it would come through the people. And the people when they when they when they when they were without hope when it was dark when they were only worried about survival he said here he come walking and if that hasn't happened again and if that hasn't happened again he said but the people are afraid of it. Now watch the only hope to survive and the people are afraid of it. the only way to get into the revival that people are afraid of. And the prophet of God goes on to say this. He says, "See, but here he says what it is." He said, "When when that little boy died back there in the scripture and he said the the woman sent after Elijah, he g she gave a she gave a stick to her servant said go get go run or Elijah did actually told his servant said go run laid the stick on the boy and he said don't you stop for nothing." And brother Ram said that's the same way with our commission. That's the way miracles are done is that we go without stopping for soup suppers. You bunkle games, worldly events. And then he says what you have to do is you got to lay aside all of those things of the world. He said we're stopping too much. He says and then we're cuz watch what listen what he's doing. He's laying out what's stopping the church. She's saying, "You've been commissioned to go do this, but you you stop for games. You stop for card parties. You stop for denominations." And then he stops and throws it in here. He says, "And then we're stopping because if we're afraid, we're going to get too fanatical." Isn't that something? Brother Bam throws being afraid of the moving of the spirit right in with bunko games and card parties. We're afraid we're going to get too fanatical. And brother Bam said, "I'm more scared of the person that's afraid of it than I am the person that's the fanatic." I'm more afraid of the person that's afraid of the Holy Ghost than I am the Holy Ghost getting out of line. Now, somebody said, "Well, Brother Wayne, hey man, I've just been in some meetings and they just get so rough." Well, I'll tell you what, brother Ram says. He said, "Somebody said today, I've seen Pentecostals kick the seats over in the floor." Yeah. And break up the furniture. Yeah. And he said, "Had they got anything?" And brother Bam said, "Oh, yeah." He says, "They had the Holy Ghost." He said, "Yes, sir." He says, "Well, we Baptist have it, too." He said, "If you did, you got it after you believed. When you believed, they believed. You get it when you believed." But Acts 19 says, "Have you received it since you believed?" And he said, 'I can stand a little wildfire and a kicking over the furniture before I could set it in an old church so cold the spiritual thermometer goes below zero. Brother Bam said, "I'd rather you kick the pews over." That's turn the heat off. Amen. Now, now what's he talking about? See, Brother Bam says, "But what's really happening is people's only painting a fire to the church." He said, "That's what these Baptists are doing." Thank God we're not Baptist this morning. He said, "That's what the Baptist is doing." Amen. He says, "There," He says, "what good does a freezing man do with a beautiful picture as a great fire, but it burnt 2,000 years ago?" How you going to warn by that? It'd be like me coming up here and putting a big old backdrop of a nice pretty fire with a bunch of people. And you can even put the twel apostles around the fire warming their hands. But how you going to get warm by that? That's 2,000 years ago. Now, church, these meetings that Brother Brandham had were 50s and 60s, and some of you heard about the revivals of the 80s, and you've heard about the '90s. This is 2024. How you going to re how you going to warm this new generation by the fires that happened 50 years ago? We can tell them how God came and how God did and what God did. But I say what we ought to do is we ought to build a fire just like the one that saved me and just like the one that saved you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I don't want to paint no fire. I want to build one. I want to build a fire that's so hot it'll burn out every disease. It'll burn out every sin. It'll burn out every formalism. I say build a fire and throw some gasoline on it while you're busy and let the Holy Ghost flames begin to burn across the church of the living God. I tell you what, brother Bam says it like this. He says, "See, we don't need this in the millennium. We're not going to need this in the millennium. We need it right now. We don't need a miracle in the millennium. We'll have a glorified body in the millennium. We don't need a praise service in the millennium. We need it right now. We need these old bodies that are arguing with the inner man. These old clumps of clay that are formal and they're tired and they're weary and they're upset. We need them to get under the submission of the inner man until they begin to worship God and the fear leaves and the trouble leaves. That the power of God can sweep through the church like never before. I say every generation has a chance. I say every young person ought to know what it's like. Brother Dallas, I don't believe we ought to have to take our kids to no dance before they can dance. I don't believe our children ought to have to learn how to dance under rock and roll parties down at the bar. I think they ought to be a Holy Ghost moving in the church where the victory songs can be sang where we can clap our hands and move under the spirit of God and not feel bad about it tomorrow. Well, somebody help me this morning. I don't believe we're ought to have to feel bad tomorrow because we worship God today. I'm I I'm serious. I don't believe that these young people ought to have to drink whiskey to experience being drunk. I know what a prophet said. He said, "We ought to get so drunk that we forget our names." Brother, that's pretty drunk. We ought to get so drunk in the spirit till we forget what our name is and remember who we really are. Remember we really are the children of God. We really are the presence of God in the age we're living in. My goodness, to think of it today, somebody said, "Well, I tell you what, brother Wayne, you know, it's just that old it's just that old wildfire." Well, brother said, "I'd rather have a fire. It's popping and you have to throw coals back in it is not have one at all. If you're cold and this is a cold age, this is a dark time and the only hope is to get the life in you that's in that fire and that fire created you. It can identify you. It's a painted fire. Brother man said, he said, "Now, what good would it do to feed a canary and keep it in a cage?" Amen. Let me ask you, what good would it do for me to preach the greatest message that's ever hit the planet. Astronaut fuel that would break every barrier. It'll tear down every power. It'll destroy every unbelief. It'll put a gust of wind under the wings of the church. It'll bring inspiration and powers and fellowship of truth. Amen. What good is it to preach a message like the message we have been given? Amen. And not let the church enjoy it. Come on, church. What good would it do to feed them the word and then tell them they can't be sons and daughters of God with freedom? Well, I tell you what, if they can be sons of God in heaven, I think they ought to be here. And if they're daughters of God in heaven, they ought to be here. And if they shouted in heaven, they ought to be able to shout here. If they had joy in heaven, I say have joy in here. And there ain't no devil going to take my joy. I ain't going to allow it, brother. No, sorry. Too late. Somebody said, "Well, I can't believe our pastor is acting like that." Hey, look. If I can't do this and be a pastor, I don't need to be a pastor then. If if David if David as a king could dance before the Lord in front of his whole country, I believe a pastor ought to be able to dance in the spirit and say, "God is my creator and God filled me with the Holy Ghost." Yes, he did. And I'm not ashamed. I'm not ashamed to worship him. I'm not ashamed to give voice to him. I'm not ashamed of the power of God. I say, "Bring it on." I say, young people, bring it on. Bringing the fire. Bring the fire of God. We're going in a camp meeting. It won't be like our Thursday night services. It may be a little more fiery than normal, but I say that true word tabernacle fan the flames of the Holy Ghost. [Applause] Brother Wayne, I was in a fanatical meeting one time and I tell you what, I'm just going to pull back a little bit. Okay, you pull back. Brother Bram taught us how to do that. He said, "Me and my brother working through the woods one day and he said, "We found no turtle." And he said he pulled his head back in his shell, right? He said, "You know what?" He said, "I'll get his head out of there." And he said he went over and got him a switch. And he said he beat that shell. He said that head never came out. He said, "I know how to do it. I'll baptize him." He took him over and put him in the water and brother goes. He floated right to the bottom and bubbles started coming up. But he never come out. He said, "Oh, but brother, when we got him out of that water," he said, "I got the trick." He said they went over and built him a fire and they set that turtle right on top of the fire. Brother, that got him moving. And I tell you what you do. You build a fire hot enough and it'll move you. You get a fire burning hot enough and it'll move. And I say God has sent us a fire. We don't have to start one. We got one. All we got to do is enjoy the flames. There's people sitting in here got the same experience that they got on the day of Pentecost. There are people sitting here at the same pillar of light that came on the day of Pentecost is in them right here this morning. I'll tell you what, I've been identified. I've been identified. I've been identified. You You said, "Preacher, what are you really talking about?" I'm an American. Nobody got no problem with that, do you? [Applause] Europe's history ain't much better, brother. But brother Bram said if you're an American, right, he said you were with George Worston when he crossed the Delaware. You were there when that happened. If if you were an American, you were with a blank when he when he just decided there won't be no more slavery. You were there when they rang the liberty bell to break and give liberty from Britain and they pledged their allegiance and they pledged their their their fortunes and they decided to be in America. And there was America forged and it's had it shame and it's had its glory. But if you're an American, you identify with all of it. And brother Ben said, "If that be true about our natural heritage, what about the seed that's on the inside of you? That if you're a Christian, you were there when Job was shouting for joy. If you're a Christian, you're there when God put Adam in the Garden of Eden. If you're a Christian, you've come down the Nile and the basket with Moses." Amen. If you're a real Christian, amen, you stood there at the banks of the Red Sea with Miriam when she's played her tambourine and she rejoiced. Amen. Come on, girls. You know, you know what I'm saying? If you're a Christian, you was there. You said, "I never danced in the spirit." Yeah, you did. You did there on the banks of that Jordan or that Red Sea. If you're a Christian, you were there. You were there when the pillar of fire came down and rolled out the commandments. You were there. You were there when they crossed the Jordan and they marched down the walls of Jericho. You were there when these things happened. You was always in there in every type. You was there. But you think you were less there when John baptized Jesus and a pillar of fire come out of the heavens and got into him. You think you were less there when he cried from the cross? My God. My God. Father forbid them. They don't know what they do. Brother said you were there. He said you were there in him and you paid for your sins in him and you paid for your debts in him and you died in him. But brother, three days later, he come out of the tomb and we rose with him on that Easter morning. We rose from the dead out of that out of that grave. And I was there. And I was there when he came out of the grave. And I was there when 120. Somebody said, "Well, brother Wayne, how do you know that you would have been there?" Cuz I'm here now. I know I'd have been there cuz I'm here. Brother Brandon said, "That's the way you do it. Look at the character you are now, and you'll know what you would have been. Woo! I was there. Oh, yeah. I don't remember how many thesis Martin Luther tacked up. How many was that? I say it wrong every time. 90 something. Huh? 95. 95 of them. I was there for all 95. And I was there when that man had something on the inside of him that says, "I will not bow to this system. I don't regret what I have said and I will not bow to the system that says I can't say it. I was there. That's right. I was there when when the Holy Ghost fell up there. Oh yeah. But brother, do you see that's where most people quit. Their identification stops right there with a partial image of the church that the tongues come on the day of Pentecost there in Isuza ina 1906 when the spirit of God begin to fall. And that's where a lot of people start identifying the world over in the charismatic realms. That's as far as God went as far as they could concern. But brother, in 1933, there was a light come down out of that Jordan over that Ohio River just like it did the Jordan. Amen. And that star that come down and brightened our trail. I was there. Somebody said, "Well, it didn't happen." It did happen. I was there when it happened. I was there when it happened. I saw it with my own eyes. Now, you think I'm crazy, don't you? Well, let me tell you, I am not in the feet of the church. I looked in the mirror. I'm not in the shoulders of this church. I'm not even in the mouth of this church. I went into the eye of the church. And Malachi 4 gave us eyes. And we got eyes to see what happened in 1933. And I got eyes. I could see what happened when God visited that man in 1947 in a pillar of fire. It turned into a bean just like it did with Joshua. at the walls of Jericho. Do you see what it is? I I was there. And some people now try to say these things didn't happen. But I was there. Do you see when that when that cloud appeared out there on Mount Sunset, Brother said, "It's our Lord up there." What was it? It was headship. All he thought about you and me was being revealed in that headship which became this message. I was there. But brother, I didn't stop in 1963. And I didn't stop in the Easter of 1965 when they put our prophet in the ground. But I was there when these little churches started forming all over the country and men of God begin to bust and and plane out and make trails and it roads for the teaching of this word. I was there. Amen. 40 years ago when Ray Ericson founded this church of True Word Tabernacle. I was there. But brother, I wasn't just there then. I'm here this morning to confess that the same God, the same God that done that is doing this and this generation has a chance at the revival. How do I know I was there? And I'm right here this morning. Stand to your feet with me this morning. Hallelujah. And I'm right here this morning. We got a chance at this revival. Well, ain't I stand in the prayer line with you when God blessed you? And I wasn't only there when that happened. I've stood in the blessing. See, if you were there, you're here. If you were there, you're here. Somebody say, "Well, there ain't no such a thing as a theophony. Then why am I here? Because I was there. This man wasn't there, but that inner man was there. He was there. Do you know you were too? There was a time I didn't know that. But when that great light, the one I was a part of, came and began to open the scriptures, I begin to see myself in that scripture. That's when I realized I was there. I can see my reactions. Literally, I can see some of my own reactions reflected in some of those men. You know, you you you're sitting there shaking your head. You know exactly what I'm talking about. You go, "My goodness, that's exactly what happened to me." Because the same life that's in you was right in that then, right? To build you a mirror. That way, you're not identified by a church. You're not identified by a teaching, right? You're identified by Christ. I am a Christian. And in the truest sense of the word, Levi You are a Christian because the spirit of Christ runs through us. Do you love him this morning? Amen. Brother Ben, you got [Music] something. I am redeemed. I've been bought with Christ. Jesus who has changed my whole life. If anybody ask you, oh just who I am, just tell them I am redeemed. Yes, I am redeemed. [Music] with the Jesus. Oh, I see my life. I [Applause] [Music] am [Applause] redeemed. I am redeemed. [Music] Jesus has changed my whole life. Oh, if anybody asks you just who I am, tell them I am redeemed. Oh, let the redeemed of the Lord say so. Oh, yes, I am redeemed. I've been born with the My Jesus has changed my whole life. Yes, you just who I am. [Music]
