################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-04 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Pressing The Battle - Ephesians Pt 38’ - (Thurs 7182024) - Wayne Lawson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-04
Title:   Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Pressing The Battle - Ephesians Pt 38’ - (Thurs 7/18/2024)
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bl4SG2a-qbI
========================================

[Music] Till the storm passes over, till the thunder sounds no more. Till the clouds fall forever from the sky. [Music] Heat. Heat. In the dark of the midnight have I hit my face. While the storms how about me and there's no hiding place in the crash of the thunder. Precious Lord my God, keep me safe. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] I keep me safe till the stor passes by. Many times Satan whispered, "There is no use to try. There's no end of sorrow. There's no hope in the valley. But I [Music] know with [Music] meat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Keep me safe. Oh, till the stor passes by. Let's stand. Sing that verse again. Often times, will Satan whisper? He'll say there's no use to try. For there's no end of sorrow. There's no hope in the mountain. But I know yes I know. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, heat, [Music] heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Keep me safe till the storm pass is by glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Aren't you glad there's a place? Amen. Where he can put you till the storm passes by. It's a powerful thing to know. Amen. That a storm comes to pass by. You know, it don't stay long, does it? You know, you can see the darkness of those clouds and they rise up and in that moment it looked like maybe they'd be there forever. But if you just hold on a little while, amen. The cloud moves back and the sun shines and God's grace is have made evident among us. And Amen. Amen. And we want to if we could just go to the Lord in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, our hearts are bowed before you tonight. Lord, I know there are great and many needs among us, but Lord Jesus, you're a God that meets the needs of your people. Father, your name is called Jehovah Gyra, that you are the provider. As we bow our hearts before you, we thank you for this awesome presence that is here, Lord. We thank you for this group of people that love you and praise you, Lord. And we're just asking you now that you would step on the scene in the way of the word. And may you bless this congregation that's gathered this evening to them, Lord, that can't be here tonight. We ask that you'd just go into the rooms where they are, Lord, and may you bless them. And Father, we ask for your mercy upon us now as we speak. We make known before all men that we are weak vessels, Lord. We have nothing within ourselves to help anyone. But Lord Jesus, we ask you that you would take what you have given. And Father, that you would help us tonight, Lord, against this enemy. we pray in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. And God bless you. Amen. If you have your Bibles, I'd like to go into the book of Ephesians, the 6th chapter. Amen. And I want to read here Ephesians 6 11 down to 17. Amen. U Ephesians 6 and verse 11. Put on the whole armor of God that you might be able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities and powers, right? And against the rulers of darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places, will fortake unto you the whole armor of God. Second time, take unto you the whole armor of God. That you may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all to stand. Stand therefore, having your loins gird about you with truth. In other words, if you get dressed upright, you can stand having your loins girded with truth and having on the breastplate of righteousness and having your feet shaw with the preparation of the gospel of peace and above all taking the shield of faith whereby you are able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked. Now, all this has been defensive up to this time. All right. Take the helmet of the salvation, but then watch the offensive come. And the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God. We ask the Lord to bless his words. You could be seated. Tonight, I want to take from this a context tonight. If I would take a title, I want to speak to you from a from a little quote brother Brandham quoted on press the battle. Press the battle. 1 Timothy 6, Paul said, "Fight the good fight of faith, and lay hold on eternal life, where unto thou also called and has professed a good profession before many witnesses." In second Timothy 4, he said, "I have fought a good fight. I have finished my course. I have kept the faith." Keeping the faith is considered a fight. Yeah. In Hebrews chapter 10 and verse 32, he said, "But call to remembrance the former days in which you were illuminated. Ye endured a great fight of afflictions." So Paul is addressing the church much as soldiers that is in a battle. Brother Bram said, "Sometimes the gospel leans its way. Maybe one place you're a runner, another place you're a soldier, but it's teaching you using things that we know to understand how to press the battle. If you're a warrior, you're pressing the battle. If you're in a race, you're enduring to the end. Amen. So, you're pressing that battle. And I I love how Brother Brandham says things. Amen. It's good to have Troy home tonight. Amen. Amen. It's I love how God says things uh through the prophet hearing him. Amen. Brother Brandham speaking. He says, "I asking for your support as we gather together and we put our hearts and our soldiers sold shoulders together to press uh the battle on." See, for God is with us. And then who could be against us? That great morning star is over us. The banner of Christ, we're bound to conquer. He said, "So there's sickness here tonight and sin and people who are oppressed of the devil." He said, "But we are his soldiers of the cross. Let us press the battle now as we pray and study the word." I like that. Don't you? Pressing the battle. Praying and studying the word. Amen. In the rejected king, brother Bam says it like this. He says, "See, I believe if the Lord is willing, I want to press the battle harder than I ever have before." Isn't that something? Amen. Brother Bam was getting toward the end of his life and he was ready to fight harder then than he was in the earlier part of his life. Amen. In Rejected King, Brother Bam says it here. He says, you remember uh he went beyond the curtain of time and had the immortal come and speak with him. And brother Bam said that one visit there has made me a different man. He said I can never never ever be the same brother Brandham I was. Whether the planes are rocking or the lightning is flashing, whether the spy has a gun on me, whatever it is, it doesn't matter. I'm going to press the battle. By the grace of God, I preach this gospel to every creature, persuading them to believe in that land over yonder. Amen. Beyond the curtain of time, Brother Bam says this. He said, "I was laying there and I heard a voice saying, you are just starting. Press the battle. Keep pressing the battle. Amen. As I lay there pondering those words, I imagined that I heard a voice again and it said, "Press the battle. Keep going. Keep going." See? Amen. Still, I'm believing. I thought that possibly I had spoken the words myself and I placed my lips between my teeth and held them over my mouth. He said, "My hand over my mouth." And then a voice said it again, "Just keep pressing the battle." If you only knew what is at the end of the road, it seemed to hear that words, keep pressing the battle. Isn't that amazing that if you could hear what is being spoken from the immortal realm tonight, amen, it would be saying, "Press the battle." See, those beyond the curtain of time are not dealing with the oppositions you're dealing with. They're not limited by the senses you're limited by. They're not limited by the sight that you're limited by. Amen. So they're telling you from another dimension with greater vision, with greater awareness, with reality of who you are. And they're saying to you, "Press the battle." Amen. Because they know that you're more than able to conquer this battle if you'll only not get discouraged. If you'll not put your head down in the middle of this battle and start to give up on yourself, I tell you, press the battle. You were built for the battle. You're anointed for the battle. You're dressed for the battle. Amen. We have been put in this age for this battle. It's the battle of the greatest battle that's ever been fought. And God has chose you and placed you into this age that you might be able to stand in this wicked age. Brother Bam said, "So when we're leaving this battle tonight, leaving this building and the contest," he said, "let us go to our different places and our homes and that we might meet outside and meet the world." He said, "But not let us go as we have in former times." He said, "Let us go out of this building tonight in the power of the resurrection. Let us go in the name of Jesus Christ. Let us lift our banners high. Let us put faith in the word of God. Let us handle a two-edged sword." Amen. With a shield in the form armor of God on. We're going to meet this enemy because we're getting stronger and we're getting more powerful than we have every other day. When the enemy comes in like a flood, the spirit of God will raise a standard against that enemy. When I sake of it tonight, if the enemy is coming against us as hard as he is, I say the presence of God must be greater than it has ever been. This is the age that we're living in that we're getting stronger and we must press the battle. Brother Ram said, "I'm coming to the end of my ministry, the end of these mysteries." He said, "But listen, I'm looking for a strength to come into the church now, a rapturing strength to meet a force that the rapture will take place." He says, "Let's meet 63 with a challenge." When I say this, let's meet 2024 with a challenge. Let's meet our coming days with a challenge. I want to make you all aware of something. This assembly is about to hold a youth meeting. And there's going to be young people coming from every which direction. Amen. To come here and have Amen. fire burning bush experiences. They're they're coming. Amen. And let me tell you, the devil has put a target on you. He's put a target on our families. He's put a target on our church. But I want to make you aware. Press the Bible. Don't you give up. Don't you get disillusional. Don't you let it take your vision. Don't you let it get your attention. Do not be confused what this is about. God's going to use this assembly like he's never used it before. And the enemy is coming to stop it. But I got a word for you, Satan. You'll not stop it. You'll never stop the church of the living God. Amen. We have been armed for the age. We have been anointed for the battle. Our eyes is open. And we know what you're up to. Amen. And we are here tonight to meet the challenge. Somebody said, "Well, Brother Wayne, I tell you what. You know, it seems like your daughter's in trouble. Let me tell you what Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego said. We will not bow to these devils of this world. We will not take back one thing we've had to say. We are going to press the battle. I don't have one thing to take back about breaking the hold of the devil. I say tonight, pick up your sword, soldier of the cross, and fight like you've never fought before. Amen. If God be with us, who can be against us? The power of God is a reality. Yes, sir. So, Brother Wayne, I'm looking for something. I'm looking for something that'll help us in this battle. Can I say to you tonight, you will not get a better weapon. There's no weaponry coming. The armory is not going to set up and hand out better weapons for the battle. You already have been given the greatest weapon that has ever been given to mankind. There has never been another group of people more prepared or more uh how can I say it? More supplied for the battle than this group. Tonight the books have been opened. The revelation has come to the age. You have been given the revelation of from the Garden of Eden all the way to the end. You have been given this. Amen. That you might be able to look at the devil tonight and you know every tactic. He's already been exposed. The light has come on him. You'll not deceive her by denomination. She knows what denomination is. You'll not deceive this pride. Amen. With your ideas and amen theology. She has seen the exposure of it. I'll say this tonight. You're not going to receive a better weapon than the word of God. The only thing for us to do is pick up our weapon and press the battle. Amen. I believe the infinite God who knew all things. Now, now I don't have a lot of time to prove this to you, but I believe he knows all things. Don't you? Don't you think he knows the end from the beginning? Don't you think he knows every gnat that'll that'll be alive? Every brother said the tattle of the net. Every time every Jesus said he knew every hair on your head. He knows every sparrow by name. He put every star in the heaven. Listen, there's a lot of hair in this age. Amen. There's a lot of people on the earth and he knows every hair. He knows every head. He knows every move. He Amen. There is nothing caught by surprise. He is an all- knowing God. Don't you think he knew we would be here in the type of battle we're in tonight? And he gave us a weapon knowing what we were facing. He knew exactly what we would need to get through the times that we are living. God was the one that chose the word and God's the one that gave us the word. We don't need to improve the word. We need to take it with both hands and whack the devil with it. We do not need to improve the message of the hour to get more power. We need to believe it works. Pick it up and beat back against that devil. Brother Bam said it like this. Just whack that devil. And if he don't move, whack him again. And if he don't move, whack him again. And if he don't move, whack him again. And if you just keep whacking after a little while, that devil's going to move out of your way. Yes, sir. I believe it tonight. Amen. No matter how many things Satan ever gets, how much his army gets, or anything, it'll never take the place of God's word. And Amen. And the enemy knows as long as you stay with that word, he will never be able to touch you. [Music] That's right. In Revelations the 12th chapter when you read it in the 11th verse it said and they overcame him by the blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony. Now that's not the word of Luther. That's not the word of Wesley but the word of their testimony. What is the testimony of the bride? Amen. It is the spirit of prophecy that's coming the bride. Her testimony is the testimony of Jesus Christ. Her testimony is not justification. Her testimony is not sanctification or even just the baptism of the spirit. Her testimony is the token life of Jesus Christ. She don't just speak the name of Jesus. She has the life behind the name. That's what makes the devils tremble. Church, it ain't how loud we shout. It's the life that's in the revelation. Amen. But I'll tell you what, if you get the life, it makes you want to feel good about it. Amen. But it's the life that's behind it is what makes it powerful. It's the life behind the name. Amen. Now, I don't know if you're a Bible reader upon Revelations 12, but sometimes read it and see if it don't say there was war in heaven and Michael and his angels fought and they threw out the devil. Now, what the Bible said is the Satan prevailed not. I love that. And Satan prevailed not and he was cast out of the heavens. We're talking about angelic battles happening in the heaven. But when it comes to the 11th verse, it said they overcame him. Is that angels that overcame him? But the Bible said, "And they overcame him." They are the bride or the overcomer of Revelations 3 when the Bible said, "And they overcame shared with the throne of God." What was it? They had the word of their testimony. By the message of the hour is how you will overcome. The revelation that God has sent by this message is your overcoming revelation. If you just say what a prophet said, listen, the profession of this age is not to come up with a new remedy or new mystery. It's to say what a prophet said. It is powerful what a prophet said. It cast out demons back in the days of the 60s and the 50s because he exposed the devil. That same message will expose the devil in this age. But these people of Revelation 12:11 is powerful, brothers, because they fought like people who didn't care to lose their life. I tell you, you never fought anybody until you fought somebody wasn't scared of you. When I was a kid, we done a little share of fighting. I was a a little bitty fell. I didn't like to fight at all. Amen. But there was people that just Amen. they were just going to fight. Wasn't nothing you could do about it. Amen. But when you decide there's going to you're going to have to fight. Well, then you might as well fight. If you don't have a choice but fight, you might as well fight. Don't fight as one to lose. Don't fight as one just to stay in the fight, but fight as one who's going to win the fight. Now, the only way to win the fight is you have to lose the fear of who you're fighting. You got to lose the fear of what you're fighting. I remember specifically fighting guys when I was 4' 10 in tall and they'd be 6'2 and amen about 220 lbs. And and when I was in my right mind, I wouldn't fight. When I was in my right, I wouldn't fight. But let them push me far enough. Just keep pushing. When you push me far enough, then if I fight, I fight to win. I don't fight just to get through the fight. And you just keep pushing and keep pushing and keep pushing. Amen. But after a while, I I would just tell them, "Hey, if we're going to fight, then let's fight." But let me tell you, Amen. When that old temper kicks in, when that old temper kicks in, you're 6' tall and bulletproof, even if you're 4 foot 10. Amen. And weigh 110 lbs. Because it makes you invincible. That's the devil's way of energizing a person to get into a battle is a temper. But God has another way of energizing a person into the battle. He don't give you a temper. He gives you an anointing with a revelation. And he says, "Look, I know the devil looks big and I know that he looks great and I know look like he's going to destroy everything, but if enough anointing gets on you and the spirit of God drops on you, listen, you'll tackle whatever devil is in front of you. You let a devil get on your baby and you just might be a mother, but you'll pray and pray until an anointing comes and then you'll attack that enemy because you love not your life unto death. You love not your life unto death. In other words, Amen. If you got a man that has a reputation or a reason to not fight, Amen. You can fight with that guy. Maybe you could win, but if you take a guy don't care to die, come on. You got a guy that's got basically like a death wish. He just don't care that he he just barrels in. This bride has already given their life. They've already given their life. They've already give everything up. So they don't they're not looking to preserve themselves. They've already died. So they run right into the battle. And they love not their lives unto death. Sister Barb, they were right. They fight like somebody that don't care. Hard to deal with. I think it's something, brother uh brother Ray there and Peter, it said the devil is like a roaring lion. He's seeking whom he may devour. You know what I think it's powerful? Like a roaring lion. I like that. Don't you? Like a roar. He's not a roaring lion. He's like a roaring line. You know in Christ the mystery, brother Bam said, "We now have the answer to the devil's questions." How many knows he said that? We have the answer to the devil's questions. And when he said that, he said, "That's why Satan is howling the way he is now." Well, the like a roar is a howl. And then the devil's all howling about the message. He's howling. He's going around like like a like a roaring line. Like he's going to devour somebody. You know what it's built for? It's built for fear. It's like a It's like a pressure or a fear like it's going to come on you. You know, I probably shouldn't tell about my childhood, but I'll let you I'll let you just imagine this, but I can remember a few times in my life. Amen. With a I can't I can't We're online, but Amen. I can remember. Amen. I can remember, Brother Ray. Amen. You ever hear that term here kitty kitty kitty? And you got a little something hid behind you. Here kitty kitty kitty. Well, listen. Let me tell you something about that roaring lion tonight. I think it's time that the bride of Christ kind of look at him with her sword tucked behind their back and say, "Here, kitty kitty kitty. You just get up close enough. I can get you." That's all you need to get on up here a little closer because I got something for you. Listen to me. We are not afraid of this devil. We do not fear the enemy that has come upon us. I say here, kitty kitty. Amen. Take the sword of the spirit of God and cut the head of that devil off of you. Don't you back up. Don't you get discouraged. Don't you let fear get into your life. You're healed tonight by the anointing of God. Brother Dallas. Amen. I know that devil's attacked you in the last couple weeks, but it's time to pick up your sword and say, "Here, kitty kitty." You say, "You making fun of the devil." You bet I am. My Lord stripped him and left him without clothes, left him without weapons. He spoiled principalities and powers. And when he left hell, he was weaponless in hell. And in case you think he had weapons all the way down the end time, Amen. A prophet comes along and opens the seals and said, "What's the white horse mean?" Nothing more than he's a devil and he's a bluff. Oh yeah, he's a bluff. You said, "Well, brother Wayne, what time is it?" Brother Bam said, "The great hour of charge is at hand." The great hour of charge is at hand. Soldier with armors gleaming, colors streaming. Faith and doubt is setting itself away in this tabernacle. Doubt on one side, faith on another side. Stand at your post of duty. Hallelujah. Our captain, the morning star, leads on and he never goes back. He never don't know the word retreat. He don't have to retreat. Hallelujah. He don't have to retreat tonight. Our Lord don't have to retreat tonight. He is the captain of the host, the God we serve. Amen, brother Kyle. He don't have to back up. He don't have to walk away. He is the captain. He is the creator. He is the God of all creation. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The greatest battle is ever fought is going on right now between life and death. Between sickness and health, between faith and doubt, between liberty and bondage, the battle is on. Shine your spear, soldiers. Polish up your arm. God is getting his soldiers ready. God is anointing his army. God is anointing his army. Brother Logan, no retreat. Come on. No retreat. Come on. No reserves. No regrets. I love this tonight to think of we're not going to give the devil any quarter. We're not going to give the devil a quarter. We're We're not going to give him a place to get out of the way. We're not going to give the devil a place to hang around and hide in a certain place. The Bible said when they cross the Jordan River, he said, "Go and and establish the whole land. Don't leave places unoccupied. Don't leave little bush places around for the enemy and the beast to hide in. I say tonight, you tear down every stronghold that the devil has built in your life. Listen, the anointing is upon the church in this hour. Reach up and pull down the strongholds of your life. This is the hour to do it. This is the season to do it. This is the anointing to do it. Listen, God, Satan don't have to have your whole life. He don't have to have it all. just needs a part of it. That's right. Ain't it? He just needs a part of it. He don't have to have everything. Amen. It's just like It's just like you you can push somebody far enough and they just finally they push back, right? Amen. You You know what I'm talking about, brother Alex. You You come up in your life and somebody push on you, push on you, push on. Well, at some point you go to pushing back. Amen. And and why do you do that? Because you're not a coward, right? You're you're not somebody that's just uh you're not just going to lay down let some devil in your family or let it come in your house or let it may maybe somebody showed up and they say hey you know hey uh uh this is my house I said no it's my house actually they said well I'm going to eat you food and I'm going to drink your coffee said no you're not going to eat my food and drink my coffee and he might be nice for a little while but you let it persistently keep on and a little while brother's going to say look fella enough is enough okay amen and something will cause them to begin. A fellow that wants to be pacifist, a fellow that don't want to fight, a fellow that would rather let things go. There is a point where they cannot let it go. And the church of the living God has come to a place in this hour that the devil is pressing. He's pressing every direction. And there is a bride said, "No, I won't let it go no further." Satan, I'm going to call you out. Isn't that powerful? When the Holy Spirit gets to that place in life, now what is it? It's a battle cry. It's a battle cry of the believer that God has no retreat. There is no retreat in God. Go forward. The doctor says it's cancer. Go forward. If he says it's TB, go forward. Amen. I just just was visiting Brother Andy yesterday. Brother Ray was there as well. Went in talked to him a little while and he had some he had some pneumonia and had some infection. They done a scan and found a lesion on his liver. And I was in there and I could see somebody had told him more than likely that that cancer had spread. They got a fancy word they use. It's a I can't even say the word, but but but it spreads a little bit. And he said he said, "I got a lesion on my liver. It looks like that it's metastasized." That's the word that it's metastasized. And you could see the in his spirit. You could see. And we got to talking and he said, "But I've got this other infection." And I said, "Well, Brother Andy, if you got infection in the rest of your body, why don't we just believe that's just an infection on that liver? Why don't we just believe right now that that's all that is?" Amen. He said, "Brother Wayne, I believe that." Well, today they text and they said, "Well, I tell you, he had the biopsy and it wasn't nothing but a but a but an infection on the liver." Now, I don't know what it was when they first saw it. Amen. But God has given us mercy. that brother end it. If it's cancer, press the Bible. If it's TV, press the Bible. If it's depression, press the Bible. We're not going to back up. We're not going to stand by. It's time to charge the enemy before us. This is the hour that we're living. There is no place to retire. There is no place to retreat. There is no way to get out of the battle. Yes, sir. There's no way to get out of the battle. You're in the battle whether you want to be or not. If you're a Christian, you're in a battle. Said, "Preacher, what are you going to say?" I said, "Moses got behind a rock and prayed until he got marching orders." And he come out from behind that rock and he said it said to me, "Speak the rock. Speak to these children. Don't cry. Go forward. Speak the word and go forward. Amen. Do you see what it is tonight? You see the marching orders? Press the battle. Don't back off. No matter what stage of the battle you're in, if you backed up and said, "I'm afraid of divine healing. I'm afraid of this or other. I'm afraid of the baptism of the Holy Ghost." Speak the word and go forward. No retreat. Don't you come back. There's nothing to come back to. All right. Yeah. Hallelujah. Nothing to come back to is like Pharaoh's army. What was Moses going to do? Run back to Pharaoh. Are you hearing me? There's nothing behind you. There's nothing to back up to. There's no retreat to go to. It's either It's either go forward or die. Well, I'll tell you this. If I'm going to die, I'm going to die fighting. If I'm going to die, I'm going to die with a sword in my hand. And there'll be a bloody demon laying at the feet. Amen. I'll tell you this tonight. We did not come here to be defeated. We did not come into this earth, amen, to be a lukewarm, washed down, saw so Christian. We are sons and we are daughters of God which have been anointed for this age to face the battle which we are facing. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, brother Wayne, I ain't got nothing to fee him with. Jesus defeated him every way with the word of God. Brother Brandham said, "What you are to do is stand toe-to-toe with that devil." I say this, you ought to fight like somebody invincible. Yes. In southern terms, just go off on that devil. People see people that study martial arts. I don't know. Did you study with Brother Craig? I thought you did. Brother Craig and studied martial art and boxing. I thought you guys all studied together. And people that study martial arts, they have defensive mechanisms and everything for other people that have martial arts. But you let them meet a crazy street fighter and he just goes off on them. That's not in the book. That's not in the plan. We don't have defense for that. We don't have defense for for insane fighting. We supposed to fight a certain way. And you're supposed to be a gentleman. A gentleman. I don't understand that fair fight. I don't get it. There's nothing fair about a fight. Come on. There's nothing fair about it. Pick up a rock and throw it. Pick up a sword and get at it. Amen. Whatever you got to do to win, win. [Applause] You say, "Well, that's street fighting." Well, that's scrapping. That's scrapping. That's what the bride is. Scrappers. That's right. No formal training. Come on. Spit and slobber and stomp and holler. But devils move. [Applause] But devils move. Jibberj and talk in tongues and cry out loud and snot flying and slinging. But devils get out of the way because we're the children of God. Anointed and led by the spirit of God for the age that we're living in. Yes, sir. Amen. Now remember Christ in the true church is a continuation of the book of acts but the book of revelation shows how the antichrist would come into the church and defile it making lukewarm formal and powerless. It exposes Satan and it reveals his works. Attempted destruction of God's people and discrediting God's word. I like that. Don't you? Attempted destruction. My the English language that's powerful. Satan attempted destruction of God's people and discrediting of God's word right down to the time he's cast into the lake of fire. He fights it. He cannot stand it. He knows that if these people get a true revelation of the true church and what she is and what she stands for, she can do the greater works. Amen. That's just the part I want to read to you. She will be Somebody say it louder. She will be Well, can I ask you when's this going to happen? Right now. Who's it going to happen to? I believe this is the time. And I believe we are the people. I believe the people of invincibility have come upon the scene. We are not invincible because we're smart. We are not invincible because we're intelligent. We're invincible because God made us invincible. His word has fortified us. His word has come into our lives and has stood up us upon our feet. An invincible army. Well, with my limited language, I had to borrow the dictionary and I went beyond I went beyond I went beyond this fella just local. I went to Oxford. Come on. Just Webster. Yeah. Oxford. went to Oxford language. Invulnerable. Yeah. Indestructible. Yeah. Unconquerable. Yeah. Unbeatable. I love the English language. Indomitable. Yes. Unassalable. Yeah. Unyielding. Unflinching. Unbending. Unshakable. impregnable, secure, and safe. You won't dominate her. You won't impregnate her. You'll never impregnate this bride of man's seed. Amen. The devil will never break into her doors. You'll never find a way in. She shut off every gate, brother. Amen. She's got the 10 gates sealed off. And there's a soul in there with the word of God. It's indestructible, incorruptible. It's invincible. It's the word of God which will stand forever. The prophet of God said, "This bride will never fail." The first day he fell by disbelieving the word. He said, "But this bride won't fall because she is the word." That's right. You're not just believing something. You are something. You're not just believing the word. You are the word. Come on. You read it. There'll be a bribe without spot or wrinkle. Well, you're not reading it tonight. You are that. Yes. Amen. Now, it's not just because, amen, of how powerful you are. It's because of the word of God which dwelleth in you richly. In Isaiah 54:17, my Bible says that no weapon, somebody say no weapon, no weapon is formed against thee shall prosper. Now, that is the word of God. That's not a that's not an almanac, right? That's not a dictionary. That is the eternal, everlasting, undefiable, indestructible, incorruptible word of God. It said no weapon, brother. That's a big statement cuz there's been a lot of weapons. But you're dealing with a God that knows the end from the beginning. He knew when the stone age come. He knew when the bronze age come. He knew when the atomics came. He knew when every weapon ever formed of man was formed. And he looked at them all and he said, "No weapon. Nothing the devil has, nothing that he did have, or nothing that he's going to make will work on this bride to prosper. No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper. You said, "Preacher, what are you doing?" We asked the kitty, said, "Come on, kitty. We got a little something for you." No weapon. I I don't care what he says or what he thinks. No weapon. Somebody say it. No weapon. I know that Satan is devising weapons right now against your home. But Brother Kyle, no weapon, Brother Rodney, no weapon. Brother Isaac, no weapon, no weapon formed against thee shall prosper. Amen. I know the enemy has a great arsenal. I know he has depression. Oh, that's one of his that's one of his elite machines. Depression. I say no weapon. Amen. Oh, I'll pull anxiety out and I'll blow your family. No weapon. Amen. You said, "Well, I tell you what, if that don't get you, we'll bring fear in." Well, I say no weapon. No weapon, brother Randy. No weapon. No neurotics. No anxiety. No demon of depression. It's form that can prosper against the bride of Christ. This is not just a sermon. It's my heart. I want you to hear me. There is no weapon. There is nothing the devil's got. There's nothing the devil can say. There is nothing that he has that shall prosper against thee. He cannot prosper. Because the Bible said he can't prosper. You said, "Well, brother Wayne, that's a big thing. No weapon." It's a very inclusive statement, isn't it? Amen. No weapon. Can I say it? No instrument of war. All right. No sword, no spear, no instrument of persecution or torture that is made shall prosper. I think about this. No depression. I just want to say that three or four times. No depression. No depression. No depression. I don't care how heavy it gets. It's a demon. It's a bluff. We got his answer. We know how to break the hold of it. Yes, sir. I tell you, I wish I wished I had a cigarette lighter. I guess I call it a fire starter. I don't like that cigarette lighter. I don't like to say it like that. What's a good word to call it? Huh? A fire starter. Yeah, a fire stick. I wish I had one of them. I could get the strongest guy in this building to put me in a headlock. I'll get out of it in a minute. Just crank that baby up on his arm. He'll let go. And this bride has a fire that'll make the devil turn loose. It'll make the devil turn loose, brother. Our God is a consuming fire. And if you just turn loose on that devil, he'll turn loose of you. He'll never hold her. No. No disease will hold her. No anxiety will hold. No sickness will hold. No oppression will hold, no fear will hold. And this is the big one. No discouragement. I think of the weaponry that Satan has in his armament. I would say the greatest one he has is discouragement. I want to think honestly from my heart to yours the weapon that he has a best choice because he has quietened the greatest of soldiers. He has took the most powerful of people and discouraged their heart that they might not fight in the battle. Amen. I tell you what, Satan has discouragement. Amen. He tries to say, "It's too hard. It's too difficult. It'll never help. It'll never change." God's preaching, "It'll never help. I won't never make it. It'll never be enough. I might as well just quit." Well, that's what he wants you to do. I might as well just quit. I tell you what, I don't think people like to hear me sing. I'm just going to quit singing. Well, if id have did that with preaching, I'd quit a long time ago. There's plenty of people didn't like to hear me preach. They don't have to come. But I'm going to preach anyhow because I was called of God. Amen. Encourage yourself in the Lord. Say, Satan, I'm not singing for you. I'm not testifying for you. I'm not preaching for you. And if you don't like it, you don't have to listen. Discouragement. Oh, prayer don't work. Oh, I've prayed and I prayed. It just don't work. Lying, devil. I was reading the other day and Brother Brand was talking about people coming back to the Lord and he was at the end of a service and he said right here some of these people coming tonight. He said, "There's a mother's prayer setting in glory tonight." He said that she never saw it when she was alive. But tonight, God is fulfilling it cuz he kept that prayer. He never lost that prayer. You see that? God don't just throw away your prayer. Many times, brother Ben will call somebody out. He say, "I see you've been praying. I see you in a prayer line and you were here and this happened and this happened." Amen. And they're standing there discouraged because they didn't think anything happened. But a prophet knew there were. He could tell them they were in prayer lines. He could tell him what happened because God sees you. He sees your prayer. Listen, God sees what you do. Can Can I preach to you? It was an angel that went to Cornelius's house. And remember what he said to Cornelius. He says, "Thine arms and thy prayers have reached unto heaven up in heaven." They knew that Peter gave offerings unto the Lord up in heaven. Or Cornelius. See, it mattered. Maybe maybe Cornelius said, "Well, this don't matter. We've done this for years and it really don't matter. And the angel stands there and says, "Hey, your prayers and your arms have reached under heaven." You see, discouragement comes and it's one of the greatest weapons that Satan has. Amen. And when you can get discouraged, that's when things you you listen, I don't have time to go back in the scripture, but when they were building the walls, amen, of the of the temple, the second temple, remember that? And they were working and the Bible said they become discouraged because of much rubble. You know what I'm You know what? They've been already working in that rubble a long time. But all of a sudden the rubble was on their nerves. You know why it was on their nerves? Because of their because of their attitude. The problem was the same as it's always been. But when you get discouraged, all of a sudden problems that you've been dealing with for years seem to be mountains in front of you. Amen. It seems unobtainable. It seems like it will never change. It can never happen. But Satan's just trying to discourage you to lay down your weapon because God is going to use you to fight. You don't know when God's about to use you for something powerful. You don't know when God is going to use you to testify and bring somebody to the Lord or encourage somebody in a powerful way. I was standing in Norway one time speaking to a guy. He was a heavy metal guy. This just come on my heart. He was a heavy metal guy. He actually was a was a rock star. Big guy over in Norway. I mean big rock star. Come to the message. got saved. He started raising a family. Had a young daughter and and I was there preaching their family camp and had met his daughter, kind of knew her a little bit and had been there two or three years in a row. And one day he come up to me and was talking to me and he had got real discouraged. Amen. There was some there was some problems that had come up in the church and he had took a critical spirit towards the pastor. And when he took that critical spirit, everything started piling up on him. He started keeping a record of every wrong and every he thought every wrong judgment. And I'm not preaching for myself, but I'll say something to you. Don't never judge somebody making decisions until you know the whole story. Okay? Cuz as a pastor, brother Ray will tell you this. There's a lot of times you can't tell the whole story. You can't tell the other side of why you're making a choice. So just if you really really really got to know, then maybe you ask somebody. But this guy got so loaded up with things in about two years. And he was standing there and he was about ready to leave the church, ready to leave the message. He was just tore all the pieces and discouraged and he was standing there talking to me, man. He was just unloading. It was just a darkness about him. And while we were talking, I kind of looked over and all of a sudden his daughter walks up to the side. And when his daughter walked up, I saw something. Amen. And when she turned around and walked away, I said, "Brother, listen to him. Let me tell you a secret." I said, "That devil, he's a snake. and a rattlesnake, it's rattlers on the tail, but you don't have to watch the tail. You better watch the head. And I said, "What's happening is what you're discouraged with, this criticism that's on you is the rattle of the tail of that serpent. He's got your attention away from his mouth and he's biting your daughter." He said, "Brother Wayne, you think so?" I said, "I'm telling you in the name of the Lord, go talk to her and tell and you'll find out that the devil's about to steal your daughter out from under you while you got your attention on somebody else's problem. And when your daughter ain't in church no more and she's out there in the world and all these things, what difference will all of that matter then? What difference will it matter then? who sat where and what the carpet was there and what the [Applause] Yeah, man. I've seen families where boys move or girls move halfway across the country and come to a church and parents are safe and they got their little family around them and then they start nitpicking the church and next thing you know they start feeding that into their family and they don't know that they got a son-in-law that might want to go somewhere else and they don't know they got a daughter-in-law that might be ready to pack up and go somewhere else. That devil starts doing you that way, he's going to bite something you love. I tell you what you do. You tell that devil, I'm going to put my head on your my foot on your head. I'm not going to listen to your lies. That was free. I don't know who that's for. But I'll say this to you that he's always trying to get your attention away from the battle. Yeah. And while your head is turned, he's trying to take something from you. Now, watch this. Amen. Now, the reason it says no weapon, put that back up there. No weapon. No weapon. Now, why no weapon? Why is it no weapon formed against thee shall prosper? How is it that God could say no weapon? If you look at the verses above it, it explains it. He said, "Because I have created the smith that bloweth the coals and fire and bringeth forth the instruments of work, and I have created the waster to destroy." In other words, God created the man that's going to build the weapon. God created the fire that's going to form the weapon. God is supreme control over the whole thing. And the God that's in control tells you there is no weapon. Now, can I say it like this? You have an iron dome about you. You've got an iron dome. And natural Israel, this is natural Israel speaking now. Amen. Natural Israel has an iron dome. It don't matter what missile has shot at her. Amen. Look, look. Now, because of that Iron Dome and the fierce wrath of Israel, there's a lot of missiles never get off the ground. There's a lot of little fellas sitting over there with a missile that would love to bomb Jerusalem, but they look at that and they look at that and they go, "No, it's okay." They put their little they put their gun away because they fear the wrath that will come upon them. But the people that get the nerve to do it and shoot it, Amen. There's an Iron Dome that shoots the missiles before they ever land. Can you imagine being an enemy and I'll send a hundred of them at one time and watch them in the air and they're just leaving as they fly in the air because see, amen, that there's somebody that developed the weapons that are being shot. So they can they can develop a defense against the weapons that are shot because they formed the first weapon. They know how to defend you against the second weapon. But those missile defense systems every now and then will let something get through. But the defense system of this bride, amen, is a defense system of the word of God and it will protect you. It will secure you. It will make you invincible. [Applause] Amen. In other words, God has created the whole thing as a manufacturer. He says that they shall not prosper. Now watch this. Because they shall not prosper. That word is an interesting word right there. It shall not have prosperity. Meaning that it might be permitted for a time to appear. Amen. That it might persecutors and oppressors have done. But there will not be a final and complete success. So when it says no weapon against thee shall prosper, doesn't mean there's no battles coming. But it means there will be no final success of whatever the devil throws at the church. I love that. Don't you? Whatever he's got, there will be no final success of it to come. It will not prosper. Now, now you say, "Preacher, Amen. Uh, can I just explain to you? There is battles in wars." That's right. And somebody can win a battle, but it doesn't mean they prospered in the war. Yeah. So there might be battles in your life where you think, well, I've lost that battle. I've like listen, you may have lost a battle, but the weapon that is formed will never prosper. It will never complete its destination of destroying the bride church. Listen, this is the idea of it. Amen. Now, can can I just bring it to uh common terms? There's two halves in some ball games. You know, you take a take a football game, there's two halves in it. And there's a lot of times that people lose the first half, but it don't mean the game's over. They like going the dugout down, you know. There was a there was a there was a Can I tell a story? There was a there was a football game played one time with animals, you know, and there was uh giraffes and there was uh elephants and there was uh there was all kinds of animals and they were playing football and they were passing and they were going off and and and the side that had the the elephant and they had a giraffe and a reeba and they had a little group there, man, they was losing pretty bad. But they were just one guy short the whole time. just one guy wasn't on the field the whole time and they went in halftime and they were down pretty bad and when they come out after halftime there was a millipede that had been that's not farfetched you know there was a millipede ain't them millipedes the guy's got all them feet there was a millipede come out and somebody threw the ball and that millipede he caught the ball and he went running and man he could just take a leap and he could step on the head and step on the head and step a touchdown down and he'd run and he'd take a step, take a step, take a step, touchdown. They'd throw the ball and he'd take step, step, step, intercept, touchdown. Was it a little while until they just stomped that other team and at the end of the game they won the game, somebody come up and they said, "My goodness, first half of that looked like y'all were going to completely lose." But then that millipede showed up and somebody said, "Where was that millipede the whole time?" He said he was in the locker room. Said, "What was he doing?" and he said he was putting on his shoes. Well, I don't know. Maybe there's a situation in your life where it looks like that you have lost. I say put on your shoes. Put put your shoes on and pick your sword up and go to fighting. Said, "Preacher, what are you talking about? Slaves don't have shoes, but sons has got shoes." Amen. Amen. The sons of God wear shoes. The shoes of the preparation of the gospel. Amen. There's some Bible to it, folks. Peter was laying back there in the inner prison and the light of the Lord came in there. It looked like Peter had been defeated. But the spirit of the Lord knocked him on the side, said, "Wake up from what you're doing." And the chains begin to fall off of him. And he said, "Put your shoes on. You're going to leave this place." Let me tell you something tonight. You may be in a place of discouragement. You could be in a place of anxiety or depression. Put your shoes on. We're coming out of it. We're going to walk right out of it. We're going to walk out of the situation with the shoes of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Oh yeah. If you read above Isaiah 54:17, just read above it and it'll say, the Lord will say to him, it was a little wrath for a moment. I love the way the scripture says it, a little wrath. And then it'll say, but with great mercies. And then it'll say, but for a moment, and then it'll say with every We should read it, shouldn't we? You want to take a moment and read it? Isaiah 54. Read read back up there and read how he says it because it's real powerful. If you're a scripture, if you love your scriptures, look how he says that in Isaiah 54. Go to the seventh verse and watch him. He said, "For a small moment I have forsaken thee, but with great mercies I will gather thee." I love that. Don't you? In other words, amen. My attitude toward is you is love. I got mad at you last five minutes. I know nobody. I know nobody in here has ever got upset at their spouse and say, "I'm going to." None of y'all ever done that. I know you never You never got a little bit disturbed and said something you really didn't mean. You never had a brother or sister that you got upset at and said something that really wasn't your true attitude toward the person for a small moment. I have forsaken thee, but with great mercies I will gather thee. Watch this. In a little wrath I have hid my face from thee. For a moment, but with everlasting kindness will I have mercy. In other words, for a moment I was upset. For a moment I hid my face. For a moment you thought you were going to be destroyed. But right below it, he says, "No weapons shall prosper." In other words, you might be going through something that looks like you're going to be defeated. But it was just for a moment. It's just a moment. It happens for a moment. It is not your destination. Come on. It is not your dwelling place. Listen. Hey, man. I I tell you, the devil, he's stupid. You know, I studying today, brother Ben seen it. My computer literally has had took a mind of its own. I never seen anything like it. It started changing screens and going up and down and this and this and cursor and I was sitting there riding read reading Bibles and stuff and all of a sudden a a scripture flashed up on the right side and started blinking and it was out of the book of Job. And I had never tied together Isaiah 54 with Job. See, but for a moment, but for just a little while, just a little while. Job for a reason, for a situation. You're going through something, but there's a turning point in that situation. There's a there's a time where it looks like that Job was going to be destroyed, but then it turned and he got everything he lost back double because the enemy couldn't prosper against him. You know why he couldn't prosper? Because God wouldn't let him take his life. That's right. See, see the game would go long enough for the change to come. He wouldn't let him take his life. I was just hearing the other day, I don't know, sometimes I read I read the Bible. I listen to the Bible. Just listen. And I was listening to the story of Joseph and I heard something on it that really piqu my interest is when they took Joseph and the Bible said they got angry at him. Now, you know, there's a lot there, but they got angry at Joseph. Can I just say why they got angry at him? They got angry at him because God blessed him. That was the only, you know, but but Joseph didn't help anything. He told these dreams how he was going to lead, you know, and and they didn't like that at all. And he started telling these dreams what God was doing. And they decided, we'll rid ourselves of this man. Yeah. And they threw him in the pit. But the dream, the direction happened before the experience in the pit. But when they threw him in the pit, the intent of them was to destroy him, to get them out of their sight. But when they threw him in, hey man, there was one of the brothers said, "Don't take his life." I thought that's odd. Over there in Job, you can try him, but don't take his life. Over here in Joseph, you can put him through the trial, but don't take his life. Amen. And he heard that in the pit that he was in. Listen, let me tell you something. But God was going to get him out of the pit. But God was going to get him out of the pit. Can I say to you tonight, I don't know what picture is, but God's going to get you out of the pit. Amen. God's going to It's just for a moment, but there's a vision of your victory and it's already out in front of you. You're a Joseph tonight. I'll tell you why. No weapon against you can prosper. I'll tell you why. Because you are the son of prosperity. Because the word of God has said all things, somebody say all things work together for the good of them that are called of God. I am a son of prosperity. The devil will never prosper against me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I tell you what you can do. You can start shouting right now. You're going to prosper. The devil's going to come, but you're going to prosper. You can get in a pit, but God's going to get you out. I'm glad tonight to know he's got an arm that's not short and he's got an ear that's not heavy. Amen. Somebody sitting here tonight said, "Brother Wayne, what are you saying?" I'm saying it's a temporary. It's a moment. It's temporary. No weapon's going to prosper. I don't care how dark it looks. You're coming out of the pit cuz you're going to go to the throne. You're going to come out of the darkness cuz you're going to the light. I tell you, the Bible says it. You know, it says it in Corinthians. Paul says it. He said, "But these moments of affliction, these temporary things workketh but for a moment." And they're not to be compared with the eternal glory that God has for you. It's just for a moment. If it lasts for 5 days, it's just a moment. If it lasts for 10 miles, it's just a moment. You're going to come out of it, sir. Yes, sir. I believe it. said, "Preacher, well, I'll tell you what I'm talking about." In Proverbs, it says it. He said, "Listen," he said, he said, "the night comes." He says, "But listen, sorrow. It only endureth for the night." Right? Darkness will not prosper. It will not get its desire to shut out your world into darkness. It won't It won't happen. Uhhuh. Because joy is coming in the morning. Yes, sir. And one time I studied the scripture and I got to thinking about this like you have a house, you know, and let's just say you got one guest bed and you and you know you go and I don't know how else to say it, but maybe I don't we isn't we got any nancies in here? No. But no nies. I don't think we got any nies. Negative Nies coming to stay the night with you. If your name's Nancy, I'm sorry. Negative. Nancy's coming to stay the night with you and you know she's coming, but before she can get there, you just got one bed. You make good arrangements with somebody else to show up the next day. So, you have a pre-arranged appointment that when negativity shows up to stay the night, you can tell it. and say, "Hey, you can stay tonight, but I got joy coming in the morning. You can hang around a little while, but you can't take residence. You might stay the night, but joy is coming in the morning. It only endureth for a night." Listen, I want you to lift up your head. It only stays for a night, but joy, it cometh in the morning. I tell you, you know, Brother Ram said it. He said back in the days of those slaves, he said in that emancipation proclamation, he said, "Oh," he said they'd climb high on the mountain at the at the daylight. Remember that? He climb high on the mountain for the sun to rise. Remember that? Yeah. And he said a strong would climb up where they could see the light, right? Where they could climb above the fields. They could climb above everything. get up in a high place that they could see the first rays of the morning. Of course, he's talking about the message, but let me talk about your situation. Let me say that I I've been on the mountain today. I've been up there up on that mountain and I see the light coming. I see the light breaking. There's a light coming. You said, "Preacher, what are you saying?" Amen. The Bible said, "Watchmen, what are the night?" He said, "The night cometh, but the morning cometh also. Oh, I know the night cometh, but the morning it cometh also. And our musicians come tonight. No weapon. Amen. No weapon. Won't you think about what the enemy is fighting with you tonight? No weapon. Hallelujah. No weapon shall prosper. Said, "Preacher, what are you doing?" I'm putting on my shoes. You ever been late for the fight? You've been hanging out in the locker room. Put your shoes on. There's a battle on. Christian soldiers, press the battle. Amen. Poster duties. Draw your swords. [Music] The enemy comes like a flood, but the spirit of God, it raises a standard. Maybe you've been noticing some unusual battles in your life. I tell you what it's about. You got camp coming. Camp's coming. Let me let me tell you something. You remember you remember that old that old song where somebody preached a famous sermon years ago. It's Friday, Sunday's coming. What you what you have to do is you have to see what's behind things. You see what Satan's up to trying to disturb, testing every corner. Well, it just comes for a night with joy. Just a moment. Just a little wrath. I hid my face for a moment. Don't be discouraged. That's good. Don't be discouraged. It was a moment, but my covenant with you is everlasting. Thank you, Jesus. His anger endureth. If you read that again, it actually separates it again in the scripture in Proverbs, the joy cometh in the morning. A little, and he said, but his life, his favor is life. So, a little, but there's something coming behind it. It's a joy. It's a success. Satan going to prosper. The word of God is against him. Sister Rachel, get up in the morning. Put your feet on the ground. Say, "Here, kitty kitty." So, brother Wayne, you making fun of the devil? I am. I am. He ain't nothing but a bluff. Jesus whipped him at Calvary. He ain't scared of me. But he's scared of the one I represent. Won't you stand to your feet with me tonight? Press. Press the battle. Amen. Press the battle tonight. Let's just bow our hearts. Almighty God, we've come to you tonight in this service and Father, we have read in your word and we have encouraged ourselves hearing the prophecy of these scriptures. Lord, we put our shoes on tonight. Lord, we got a sword in our hand. Your children have gathered for the battle, Lord, and they're ready to press. Some of them have needs tonight in their bodies, in their homes, and their families. And Lord Jesus, I pray tonight, Father, as they pull their sword. Lord, may they lead tonight with blood on their sword. May the enemy suffer tonight from the belief and the faith that drops into their heart. He's lied to some of them and told them that what has come has come to stay. But it ain't come to stay. It's just for a moment. Father, I thank you tonight and I ask you to bless this congregation. May you strengthen them, encourage them, Lord. Give them strength for the battle. Father, I pray in the name of Jesus. You know, [Music] David went down into that valley and he cut the head of that Goliath off with his own sword. Do you know the Bible said that he drugged the head of Goliath back to the city of Jerusalem? and he hung it up on a pole. Yeah. Cuz he wanted everybody to know the head of Goliath was hanging. Me and Timothy Puit used to used to laugh. He'd send me a text every now and go and he'll say, "Skull drag that devil." What that means is get the get get it get your Goliath by the head, right? And drag him somewhere, right? and put him up on a pole and say, "This is the thing that haunted me, but it won't haunt me no more." Come on. I know Satan, but Darren, Satan creates perfect traps. He creates perfect storms. That's exactly what happened with Pharaoh and the children of Israel. It was a perfect trap. Mountains on both sides, sea in front, enemy behind. Perfectly trapped. But who was trapped? [Music] Who was trapped? Was it the believer or was it the devil? God led them into that place to destroy their enemy. And it may look like you're surrounded. It may look like there's no way out, but God has designed this to get that enemy in that place. [Applause] Yes sir. Yes sir. The children of the living God. Go ahead. Brother man weapon may be for money but it won't [Music] prosper won't prevail. The God I serve knows only how to triumph. My God will never f Oh my God will never f I'm going to see a victory. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. [Music]
