################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-01 - Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Breaking The Hold Of The Devil - Ephesians Pt 37’ - (Thurs 7112024) - Wayne Lawson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-01
Title:   Bro. Wayne Lawson - ‘Breaking The Hold Of The Devil - Ephesians Pt 37’ - (Thurs 7/11/2024)
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  True Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sAjXtJuU-Jk
========================================

[Music] Kings and kingdoms shall all pass as the way. But there's something about all day. Master, [Music] Savior Jesus. Let all afterward the rain. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] [Music] They'll all play. Oh, there's something. Oh, there's something powerful. There's something wonderful. Oh, we love you tonight, Lord. Let's just lift our hands. Oh Lord Jesus, we love you tonight. We thank you for your mighty and wonderful presence, Lord. Father, knowing that you have conquered the atmospheres that you might come into the midst of your children, Lord. Father, you have put underfoot demonic powers that you might be able to fellowship with us, oh God. I welcome you tonight in the midst of your children. Lord, as with our hands lifted, as a great sign of surrender to you, Lord, whom we welcome in this place, Lord, we so thank you for your abiding presence, Lord. We know that you have not just come in the room, Lord, just to be here, but you have come to receive worship, Lord. And we worship you, oh God. We worship you as the creator of the heavens and the earth. We are your children, Lord. And we worship you as our savior and our lord and our great healer and our great deliverer. We have found you to be the counselor. We have found you to be the God, the answer to every need of our hearts. Oh Lord, we speak your name tonight. Lord, we love you and we praise you. We ask you to come, Lord, and may you take the word tonight. May you speak to the need of your children, oh God. May you be praised in this place. May you take the first seat, Lord. May you have honor and glory bestowed upon thee, oh Lord. Father, we ask it in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. What a blessing. Amen. To come to the house of God on a Thursday night in such a powerful presence. Amen. How many can feel and sense the presence of the living God? Amen. We thank God, amen, that there's such a place, amen, that you can just come to steal away in his presence and his mercy. And we want to thank you for your attendance here tonight. And I I I know there's many that can't come. And I just want to say God bless them. And we pray that maybe tonight they would be able to uh view on the line. We pray the Holy Spirit to be there ministering in those places wherever his word is heard. Amen. And Amen. Tonight, if you would, while you're standing, let's go into the scripture here for a moment. I have some things upon our heart. The book of Ephesians, the sixth chapter. I want to read the 12th verse here. Ephesians chapter 6. I want to read the 12th verse. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. We ask the Lord to bless his word. You may be seated tonight. I want to speak to you for the next little bit here. You know, we've been on an Ephesians and series for a while. Uh but I want to speak to you here tonight from this section of scripture. And if I would take a context tonight, a title for this, I'd like to talk to you about breaking the hold of the devil. Breaking the hold of the devil. Now, I think it's important that we have viewed uh from the scripture we have saw. Amen. that this is a great and a spiritual battle. And I think we each one could testify to the reality of that tonight that it's a great and it's a spiritual battle. Now the prophet teaches us that in this scripture it says we wrestle not against flesh and blood but against principalities and powers and rulers of darkness of this world and spiritual in high places. And this is why that brother Brandham teaches the ascension is such a powerful part of the scripture. He's probably the most under preached part of scripture is the ascension of the Lord Jesus Christ because he teaches us that earth actually belongs to the devil. From this scripture, brother Bram says earth belonged to the devil and through the fall the earth was given to the devil and every kingdom of the world is governed by the devil. We have to we hate to think that but it's the Bible. That's the reason we have wars and shootings and fighting and trouble is because the kingdoms of this world is the kingdoms of the devil. And the Bible said so in the great millennium to come. The Bible said, "Rejoice all ye heavens and all the holy prophets of the earth. For the kingdoms of this earth have become the kingdoms of our Lord. And he shall rule and reign forever. Now they will become. We'll have no more war then when he comes. No more sickness, no more troubles." Notice this. There's so little spoken of the ascension, but it's one of the greatest days when he ascended. How many remember teaching on the ascension of Christ? Amen. It's the day of the garden of Eden that sin was committed. All the heavens was shut off from mankind. And Satan then became the prince of the power of the air. And remember it says, "Why thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer? Thou no man could see into glory. No man could understand because the power is just above it. Heaven means atmosphere and all these powers were shut off because of sin. So the prophet teaches us that's how Satan come into the power of the heavenlies. That's how he took control of the atmospheres was through the fall of Satan through the fall of sin. But our Lord Jesus of course after death, burial and resurrection took an ascension. And the prophet says and he broke through every veil. Amen. to conquer every power that he might be able to open a way for the children of God to get into a heavenly atmosphere. And of course, Ephesians starts begins with Amen. And we are seated in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Now, in putting on the whole armor, Brother Brandham teaches us this that we're not wrestling then against natural or scientific things. We're wrestling against spiritual powers. Right? So tonight, you're wrestling against spiritual powers. And it's amazing because Brother Bam takes it to the natural wrestler and he says, "You know, wrestlers, they make a a practice on breaking towe holds and things." And if you ever watched any wrestling or you know anything about wrestling or just ever fought as a kid, somebody get you in a real hold. And if you haven't trained to know how to break the hold, they can get you in a hold till you submit. And that's all that that's all there is to the fight. But the prophet says, "See, but these men doing knowing they rrestle, they they train themselves how to break the holds that are put upon them." He says, "See, like tow holds and things." He said, "But could you imagine?" Now, I thought this was funny. Could you imagine a rrestler come out now with his fingernails polished and his trunks on? He said, "With gold beads around it, he says, maybe look like a pretty good rrestler, but it would be all the intellectual." He says, see, but if he hadn't got a hidden strength there now, that when an enemy gets a hold on him, then he can just pull him on uh uh pull him out of it. You see, his intellectual beads and everything won't make any difference. See, when he gets in the grip of the enemy, it won't make any difference or the intellectual. He said, "So our intellectual means nothing unless there's a hidden power of the spirit there to break the hold of the devil." See, there's got to be a power to break the hold of the devil. See, but we are in a wrestling match, but we're wrestling not with fine dressed intellectual psychology. We're wrestling with the power and the promises of God, which can break any hold of the devil at any time. I love that. Don't you? If you're looking to break the hold of the devil tonight, you're going to have to have the power of God to break the hold of the devil. Jesus is our Lord and he proved it when he was Emmanuel, God himself in the flesh. When he met Satan, he showed us how that Satan could be defeated by the word. Every time he would come to him, he'd just say, "It's written." Oh, I'd like to take time here on some note I got. He says how many times that he broke Satan's power with it is written. showing that the fortified person behind the word of God can scream out, "It's written, turn loose." I like that. Don't you? It's written, Satan. Turn loose. Amen. A person that's fortified in that word knows that we're It's written. You're standing on the word of God. If you abide in me, my word abide in you. That's right. See, amen. You can tell Satan, "Turn loose." It's written in the word of God. And and he'll have to let go of you. I I think it's a powerful thing tonight. If you're going to wrestle with the devil, you're going to have to know the power it is that breaks the hold that he has on you. Amen. And and and we find that in the scripture that when you begin to fight in this battle that it was Paul that told us that we needed to take the sword of the spirit of God. And and there isn't but one spe one sword of the spirit of God. And that's the word of God. It's the only thing he uses to break the power of the devil. It is the sword of the spirit. You see, what we find is that God is the one that would influence a believer uh to pick up the sword and fight back against the devil. See, Satan is constantly telling people that you're in the hold of the devil and there's nothing could be done. You're in a you're in a position that is nothing could be done for your case. There's no hope. You've been in this situation for years and it's just a reoccurring thing and you've tried everything you believe. Amen. And that would only be the devil to anoint you to unbelief. But the anointing of God would anoint you to believe that the word of God could defeat Satan anywhere, any place, anytime, under any condition. It would anoint you to pick your sword up and fight back. I'll tell you tonight, I do not believe that we are in a situation to surrender our faith. Amen. I'll say this. Amen. Amen. I might get bombarded and that's fine. But I will not surrender my faith in this revealed word to defeat Satan anywhere, any place, any time. Amen. I will not surrender my faith and I will live in a in in an existence that's not bound by five senses where I have to obey what I think, feel, smell, hear. Amen. But I have a soul and that soul believes the word of God. And with that soul and that word, I can break the hold of Satan anywhere, any place, any time because we will not surrender. This fight is not over. We will not give up our arms. We will not lay down and walk away. Amen. We are warriors in the spirit of God. Can I say this tonight? I I believe we were born for this season. I believe we were built for this season. And I don't I don't believe we just stumbled into this time, but I believe God has anointed you and ordained you and trained you for such a season and a time as this. Amen. I tell you what a prophet of God said. He said, "You're his victory." He said, "You are his victory." In other words, I got one that's going to break the hold of Satan. He will not be able to hold on to them. Now, yeah, I'd say you. Amen. You cannot be here as a spiritual being and not be influenced by one of these dimensions. The prophet of God said, "Whether you're a sinner or a saint, you're getting influenced from one of the realms." Amen. You cannot be here and be not influenced by one side or the other. You're influenced, Amen, either from God or you're influenced from the devil. Brother Ram actually went so far to say if you're influenced by the Lord, he said your celestial body is on that side. Amen. And I say this, amen. If you're influenced of God, Amen. then God can deal with you. And do you know God deals with you with angels? I know people don't hardly believe in angels. And I know there's been a lot of fanaticism around angels, but I'll say this very clearly. Amen. In the midst of all the fanaticism, angelic association is real. Angelic association is real. I know the devil has went be has took that into the world and the world is making movies and they're making all kinds of things and they're trying their best, amen, to devalue what God has done. But God has given angelic association to believers in this age. Amen. Matter of fact, anointing them and the Bible calls them ministering spirits. Amen. Brother Bam says they speak to the people's hearts as a messenger or a ministering spirit sent from the presence of God. In the message of influence, Brother Bam said it's the Holy Ghost that leads the church. That's true. But ministering spirits are sent from God as special gifts. Amen. And and it shall not it shall be as I have was told me. Brother Bam says, "God always had ministering spirits. I believe in them." That's right. I believe in ministering spirits sent from the presence of God. The Holy Spirit ministers lead the church. He says guardian angels that watch over us. Amen. And y'all know guardian angels are real, right? If you find it in the scriptures in the book of Matthew, the 18th chapter, their angels do always behold the face of my father which is in heaven. Amen. Uh now, brother Bam is associating your theophony with angelic association. Y'all know that, right? Amen. He's He's associating a guardian angel with your theophony. Amen. I I that's what brother Brandham taught. I don't know. Some people don't seem to believe that anymore, but Amen. That's just what he said. Amen. It's just the truth. Amen. So, angelic association, in other words, Amen. that there is ministering spirits. And the angel of God, Amen. See, has no more to do with me than it the angel is has to do with you. And if you don't believe in angels as ministering spirits, then you don't believe the Bible. Just take a few moments. Now, Brother Bam said, "The New Church had more angels ministering than the Old Testament did." That's right. He said, "Listen," he said, "the Holy Ghost is over all." That's the body. It's true. But there's also ministering spirits that are sent from the presence of God. And we know Mary and all of those seen angels. And we know the new church seen angels. Is that right? People said, "Well, have they seen angels?" Many of you seen angels. You just didn't recognize what it was. Brother Bam said, "Angels has been ministering spirits to the church all through the apostolic age. They had ministering spirits that went to the apostles and disciples." That's right. But most always it appeared to them in the form of a light. Amen. It mostly appeared to them in the form of a light. Most of them didn't see a man. They saw a light. But it was a ministering spirit. It was the angel of the Lord. Amen. Of course. Amen. God anoints his servants. Now, in the greatest battle ever fought, you can take a paragraph or two from paragraph 162. And brother Ben begins to talk about the anointing of his spirit upon his angels, upon his men. And he says, "Now, if you want to see it in the Bible, turn over to Hebrews chapter 4." Amen. Uh uh chapter uh the first chapter in the 14th verse. He said that Hebrews says that these are ministering spirits sent from the from the presence of God. Amen. To the heirs of the salvation. Amen. Isn't it amazing that the angels in the Bible now I'm not going to preach on angology. I just want to mention this. But angels in the Bible never appeared until Abraham's seed come into the Bible. How many knows that it angels never appeared to anyone until Abraham and the first one it appeared to was Abraham's uh uh uh concubine Hagar. It was about the seed of Abraham. And that's why ministering spirits appear because we are heirs of the salvation of God. Because you're an heir. That's why ministering spirits appear. Can I say this very clearly? Ministering spirits do not appear to you for natural things. They do not appear to you for carnal reasons. But if ministering spirits are anointing the church, it's for supernatural reasons. That's right. Remember, they appeared to Mary. She was about to have a baby without knowing a man. He appeared to Samson. He was about to take over, Amen, the Philistine kingdom. Amen. They appeared unto many up through the ages as great supernatural anointings were visit him like Gideon when he was going to destroy, Amen. the whole the whole the whole bunch of the confusion. And he was just going to do it with a few hundred men. Ministering spirits sent from the presence of God. See angels anointed to bring you the word of God. Amen. to cause you to believe the word of God. Now, I know sometimes you I've got a lot here, so I'll run quickly, but I'll say this. Sometimes when you're sitting in a service and some people say, "Well, amen. I maybe you maybe you really didn't feel anything like you're thinking emotional, but something settled in your heart and and you really said, "Man, I believe that's the truth." Do you know that's the presence of angelic association? Do you know that settled thing that settles in your heart that says that's the truth? That's angelic association. That's God anointing to you what you're hearing is the truth. Is that right? It's God revealing to you. See what it is? It's causing the word to be anointed. How many's ever had a revelation in church? You sitting there and the power of God is coming and amen. We've shook and we've spoken in tongues and we've shouted, we've enjoyed and those are blessings of God that come and I I do that a lot. So, I'm not speaking against that and please never do from this pull pit cuz we believe of that around here. Amen. But there are times you're sitting in the service and it's just a preaching of the word opens up a channel of revelation to you and all of a sudden it's just like a preacher said something and a door opened and you just step into that door and it feels like it's just you and him for a few minutes and and all of a sudden the word is coming so powerful. What is it? It's revelation and it's opening the door of opportunity. It's opening the door of deliverance. It's opened the door of healing because real revelation is what defeats the devil. That's what really defeats the devil is revelation. Revelation is powerful, church. When you get a revelation of the word that is true, it's the most powerful force on the earth is revelation. And revelation, see, but Satan would get to the carnal mind if he could. But the prophet of God says it like this. He says, "See, now here's the thing." He says, "No wonder the carnal mind doesn't know it because it's Satan in that carnal mind." But Satan is exposed and he does not want himself exposed. Now, what happens is whenever revelation comes, it exposes the devil. You know, I I I when I was a kid, now I'm going to fess up right here, but when I was a kid, I played some cards with some old boys, and they was some pretty big bluffs that like to play cards, you know. Amen. But the worst thing that could happen to somebody bluffing is you find out they ain't got nothing. As long as you don't know what they're holding, they can run a big bluff. And usually bluffers will bet more than somebody that don't have. I won't preach to you about betting tonight, but but but but it but it exposes something. It it exposes, you know, it's like somebody running around, they act like they're great big and then all of a sudden something is exposed about them that that takes the air right out of them. See? Amen. And the devil likes to play like he's big. He likes to really put it on like he's big. He likes to really brag it out like he's a really big guy. Amen. But the devil ain't nothing but a bluff. Amen. And this word of God will expose that devil and let you know he ain't nothing but a bluff. He has no He has no He has no power. He has no power. He has no ability. It was taken from him at the cross. And the prophet of God said, "That's why he hates those two books of the Bible real bad." Amen. The prophet of God said, "See, he attacks them." Now, watch what he does. Have you ever noticed how Satan hates two books of this Bible more than others? And through liberal theologians and pseudocientists, he's always attacking that book of Genesis and that book of Revelation. So, it's the devil attacking through education. Watch. You send a kid to school and the first thing they attack is creative power. and they could and they want to send your kid back as if God didn't create the earth or as if if it really did if Noah didn't really build an ark and save and amen they try to go through all kinds of ideas and all that what is it pseudo scientist attacking amen the scripture because the book of Genesis tells you the beginning of the devil look if you can know the beginning of something and you can know the end of something then you lose your fear of what you're dealing with Satan we know where you come from we know where God cursed you. We know when God threw you out of heavens. And I can read in the back of this book what's going to happen to you in the end. And he hates this book of Revelation. But it says that he is cast into the lake of fire. Amen. After he's bound up for a thousand years. So we're going to put him in chains and then for a thousand years he'll be powerless on the millennium. But at the end of that a white throne judgment. Amen. I don't know about you, but I want to be there. I want to stand on the banks of that burning lake and watch God cast that devil in the lake of fire and every hurt and every mean and evil thing that he's ever done to God's people. Amen. There's a payday coming at the end of the road. That's all right, devil. You throw all you got at us right now. But one day, amen, we're going to throw you in that lake of fire and our God will annihilate you and everything about you. Amen. You're going to be finished. But there's a bride setting here that is eternal as God is eternal. And we'll sit in eternity throughout eternity and talk about the glory and the power of our risen God. Our worship is not cheap. We might go through some things, but we will worship throughout eternity because he's our God. And we know that devil and who he is and where he come from. That's right. He hates it. And he attacks these two books. That's right. Because it tells his origin, how he's been, his destruction, and the way he attacks. He hates to be exposed. Because these books exposes what he is. Isn't that something? Now, Jesus told Satan, "You have no part and I have no part in you." The devil would like to prove that different, but he cannot. He does all he can to destroy confidence in the word. That's his tactic. Destroy confidence in the word. But when the church disbelieves Satan and believes the spirit revelation of the word, the gates of hell will never prevail against her. Now, brother Bam said, "Let me bring it into my own ministry if you don't mind." You know, the gift in my life is supernatural and a gift whereby the Holy Spirit is able to discern diseases and the thoughts of men's heart and other hidden things that only God could know and then reveal to me. And I wished I could stand I wished you could stand with me and see the faces of people when Satan knows he's going to be exposed. Now, it isn't the people that I'm talking about. It's Satan that's got a hold in their lives through sin and indifference and disease. But you should see their faces when Satan knows he's going to be exposed. The most peculiar changes come over people's countenances because Satan is afraid. He knows that the spirit of God is about to let the people know of his works. That's why he hates these meetings so much. I guarantee he don't like these meetings. I guarantee he don't like these meetings that pull the covers off of him. When names are called and diseases are revealed, Satan hates it. What is it? It's not mind reading. It's not telepathy. It's not witchcraft. It's a revelation of the Holy Spirit. Amen. Now, of course, they'll call it everything to keep you from saying it's God. Amen. But it really is God. Now, here's the thing is that when God reveals it by the Holy Ghost, Amen. Do y'all know there's not going to be another Calvary, right? But this time, Satan is defeated just like he was at Calvary, but it's by revelation. That's why that the ministry of William Brham takes us back to the power of Calvary because it unfolds the mystery and exposes the demon for what he is and puts the revelation back in the church and breaks the hold that Satan has on the people by his unbelief. Amen. Now watch this. Brother Bam says, "Listen now. Satan is trying to hold these people and the only way he could do it is by unbelief." And I condemn unbelief. Satan, you've lost the battle. You're exposed. Come out of this people. Now watch Brother Brandham. He only his ministry was a ministry in the realm of spirit. Brother Bam's ministry was not a a ministry in the realm of intellectual. He wasn't he he it wasn't it wasn't in the educated. It wasn't in the society. Y'all all heard brother Bam talk about how when he stood one day waiting on a a building for his crowd to come in cuz another man was speaking and he said I stood there and waited and he said and when that man's crowd come out of the building he said it was high society and well-dressed and everything was wonderful and well well just great people educated and the highest part of a society. He said but then here come my people. He said, "Lame and blot and crippled and insane and sick." And he said, "Everything come in to my to my meetings." Now, somebody said something one time. They said, "Well, it seemed like we got a lot of a lot of bad cases around the message of the hour, you know, and they were kind of throwing off on it." And we were sitting at a table and they were kind of throwing off on message people. Well, I I have to be honest. It kind of bothers me when somebody starts making fun of message people cuz I uh I'm one of them, you know. Amen. And and and and brother Menow Fzen was sitting there and brother Menow said something and he probably don't want me quoting him, but I'm going to quote him. But but he said he said something very powerful. He said to the brother, he said, "Listen, I know what you're saying." He said, "But listen, this message gives hope to everybody." Amen. Now in education, an intellectual church can only give hope to somebody in education and intellect. But the message of the hour offers hope that no longer h no longer how long the devil's had a hold on you. This message offers hope that you can break the power of it. No, no matter what kind of no matter what kind of family you were born to, this message offers hope. I don't care if your daddy was a drunk and your mama was a Harley. This message offers hope. It offers hope to your life. It It offers hope to your homes. It opens offers hope into your life because this message has a power in it that that can break the hold that the devil has on you. Listen, if it's a genetic hold, there's a power in this message to break the genetic curses that are carried down through your life. There's a power in this message and a break temper and stubbornness and pride and it's captured your whole family, but you don't have to carry it. There's a God here to expose and it come from the pits of hell and you can walk out of this building tonight free. You can walk out of here with no hold upon you tonight because this message brings hope. Nobody is outside of the power of hope with this message. It can bring hope. It can bring life because it operates in the realm of the spirit. See, brother Bam says when it comes time for God to use me, he takes me somewhere I don't know nothing about. And when I'm coming back, I lose sight of places and times. But that's where it speaks to me. There's a land beyond the river they call the sweet forever and a place where here on earth we can rise into a spirit realm. There's a place where we can go. I I love how brother Bam says it. I wish tonight that everyone would try to understand closely the angel of the Lord and his great mission and his work here on the earth. Now, we know he's here, but what his commission and what is the work that he had on the earth? His work here on the earth was to restore the faith of the children of God that they could return back to the power that God had gave us at the at the day of Pentecost. Actually, the power of the true sons. Now, we bring them to Pentecost, but I I just have to say this from my heart. I believe that message will take you further than that. I think it'll take you to Pentecost and beyond. I believe it'll take you all the way back to the Garden of Eden when God fellowshipped with his children in the garden of Eden. Now that work, the working of his spirit. Brother Bannam says my work was in the realm. Now you you doctor, you can tell me about your body, about the anatomy, but my work is in the realm of the spirit. Right. That's where I live. A big part of my life is in another dimension that the world doesn't know anything about. Now, I don't try to explain it. He said there's no reason to try. You can't. In demonology, Brother Brandham says it like this that of course Christians are influenced by one or the other. Now, these these influences of course are coming from one side of the other. Now, the devil has his prophets and God has his. Do you see what I mean? Stop to separate it. Listen to prophet. Stop to separate it. God has prophets and Satan has prophets. Don't just accept it all as spiritual. Stop and separate it. The word of God will separate it. that's quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword. It'll separate the fallacy from the truth. It'll leave a man standing right in truth. You see what it is? Get in. Now, now, now man today, he cannot break into that realm and get a righteous man. Now, Brother Bam's talking, I'm sorry. He's talking about going into that realm where where Samuel uh was called out by Saul. He said, of course, in that day that Saul could call him out in that realm of the spirit, he said, but today you can't break into that spirit and call a righteous man out of there. He said, because the blood of Christ done away with paradise. So, so that righteous man ain't there anymore to call out like they did in the days of Saul. See, but there is two spirits on the earth and they're influencing the people. Now, Brother Bam says, "Now, he gave me a gift and I can submit myself into a certain realm of that spirit that God can open to you." Now, it's a realm of the spirit. See, now watch what Brother Brandham says. He takes it to our Lord where Jesus said, "I do not the works, but my father doeth the works in me." He says, "See, no flesh glories in the sight of God. It's all in the realm of the spirit." See now, now I read something last week and I want to reread it to you. I want to just barrel down on it just for a moment. How can I overcome? It means to recognize the devil in every one of his tricks. Now remember, Ephesians 6 says it to withstand the devil and the ws of the devil. Is that right? To catch him in every trick. Now, now there's a there's a there's a powerful thing you have to stop and separate because the Bible says that the trials of the righteous are like pure gold. So, some of the trials or some of the situations that you face are trials that God has sent your way. That's right. It's not the ws of the devil. It's God bringing you to a place that you might be able to be molded into the image of God. some of the things we face. You know, I I know sometimes we say, "Well, you know, this is all the devil." Well, sometimes it's not. Sometimes the Holy Spirit is allowing things that it might help us to perfect our character. Amen. Do you see? But you've got to recognize to overcome means to recognize the source of this. Recognize the devil in every one of his tricks. A lot of people say that there is no devil. It's just a thought. But don't you believe that the devil is real. He's as real as you or anybody else. The devil is real. And you must recognize him real. Now watch. At the same time, you've got to recognize him as a devil. And he's against you. But to overcome. Somebody say to overcome. You might recognize that God is greater and mightier than he is. That's the one that's in you has already overcome him. By his grace, you are more than a match for him. There's real overcoming. See, you can break any holds on you by recognizing the devil's got a chokeold on me, but there's somebody in me greater than the one that's holding me. And I got a way to break the power that he's got on me. I'm not imagining the devil's choking me. Amen. He really is trying to choke me. But there's somebody in me that's greater than the one trying to hold me. Now watch what brother Brandham is saying. Now look now he says there's no condemnation to them which are in Christ that not what I after the spirit after the flesh but after the spirit. And then you realize that you've overcome. You know what he is as a devil. Now you can't say I got sickness but I don't believe it's sickness. Now this is a real this is a real spot right here that we we should take a moment. It is a sickness. Don't go around and try to say, you know, I I I' I've met people and they say, "Well, the doubters try and tell me I got cancer. I ain't got cancer." Well, Brother Bam don't say that. He says, "Go ahead and admit you got cancer." Go ahead. That's right. He says you got cancer, but you don't believe it is a cancer, but it is a cancer. But remember, greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world. This is not mind over matter. You're not imagining that you don't have cancer. You really got cancer. But there's a God that is greater than cancer. See, greater is he. You're not imagining that you're tempted. You're not imagining that you really are tempted. You're tempted in your body. You're tempted in this world. But greater is he that's in you that's in the temptation of your body. You You see what it is? You got to You got to quit imagining that it's not real. It is real. It really is. It's a real sickness. And if you don't do something, it'll kill you. Are you hearing me? Now, watch this. You must realize the Holy Spirit is in you. Has already overcome this thing. Well, Brother Wayne, I tell you what, I can deal with that. Well, let's let's go let's go a step further. How many ready to go a step further? He said, "And Elijah," he said, "now bless this man. Lay hands upon him." He said, "And ask that this nervous disorder leave him." Now listen, I'm asking Jesus name. Nervousness is the hardest thing there is to fight. Worse than cancer. Worse than cancer. Isn't it amazing? Amen. That if you tell somebody what's nerves causing it, they want to act like you think there's nothing wrong with them or you just think, well, they're just, you know, they're just making something up. No, you've got to admit that nervousness is worse than cancer. Come on, church. Now, I I I put a lot of study in this. I know where I'm standing. Nervousness is worse than cancer. And brother said, the reason is because you can't hardly mental balance yourself. you can't get your mind running right. So when you get nervous, you can't catch your balance. It's like a a person that they they just don't know where Amen. to go or what to do. It's almost like a man that's been punched from every corner and he don't know what to do, where to turn, where to go. Oh, it's going to it's going to get me. I I don't know where to go. I don't I don't know where to run. You've got to admit that it's a devil. That is real. Greater is he that is in you than is he that's in the nervousness that's trying to choke off your life. Satan will kill you if you let him. He'll take all the joy out of your experience. He'll take the joy out of your family. He'll take the joy out of coming to church. He'll take the joy out of having children. Nervousness will wreck you, but you've got to admit it's a devil. And then you got to pick up your sword and fight back. I tell you, get up and fight back. Tell that devil tonight, I'm going to break your hold in this meeting. I'm going to warn you. This is not a sermon. This is a ministering angel speaking to you. Pick up your sword and fight back. Break that devil's hold over your life. Don't just don't just lay there. It's real. It's real. Let me let me let me go into something deep here that the prophet said. Now I just said that his his ministering was in the realm of spirit. It was not like a doctor. It was in the realm of revelation which exposes the devil. You see, brother Bam said, "You believe me to be a servant?" You do. That's the reason I asked you that. He told me if you get the people to believe and be sincere. He said, "I don't know anything about you. Nothing about you. But I couldn't heal you if I had to. Nothing that I could do to heal you nor even know what's wrong with you. I'm not a doctor. I have to examine and I'd have to examine you to find out what was wrong and maybe then I couldn't do it. I love this. He said, 'I could put you under X-rays, but the spirit of God is the master X-ray and he's here and he knows all these things and he looks back down through the cycle of time. Do you believe that? Now, between you and I stands a dark object. There's a patient in front of him. And he said, "Now I'm gonna put you under an X-ray machine. That is the Lord Jesus, the master X-ray. And I see between you and I, there's a dark object. There's a floating cloud moving. And I know who it is. And I know what it does to people." You're bothered with a nervous condition. It's a middle nervousness. It's upset. And you think sometimes that you're going to lose your mind. Isn't that right? I'm not reading your mind. Now it has moved from you. Your faith without prayer has made you whole. Now watch this. Here's a man standing under an X-ray machine. But as a prophet exposes it, it loses its power without prayer. the the exposition, the revelation of the devil when God revealed what was causing the problem. Amen. He showed how small it was in the presence of that kind of God. And the man was healed without prayer, but by faith. Now watch, Brother Bradom, I I won't read all the forefronts of these, but I'm going to read a few right in the middle of these. There's another one standing there. He said, "You feel like something's standing near and I see what's wrong with you. It's a nervous condition. It's a mental nervousness to tell you how you feel now." Oh, God. He's not just going to tell you what's wrong with you. He's about to tell you how you feel. When this comes on you, this is how you feel. He says you feel like you're going to lose your mind. You're upset, aren't you? Everything goes wrong, it works on you. And the worst time, it's in the evening. Now, this prophet is telling you how you feel. He's telling you how you feel about everything. And then he's telling you even when it turns in the evening, you start feeling worse. He says sometimes you just sit in a chair. You're doing something when you pray to Oh, you're washing some dishes when you're praying. Here's a here's a prophet who's completely exposing. He didn't say to the person, "Brother Samuel, you got to think of this. He didn't say to the person, you you this is just in your head, sister. You you need to just get a you need to get a grip. This is just look look. this is just in you. You're just This is all in your head. You need to man up. He didn't say that. He said what's happening is a nervous spirit's getting on you and in your mind you think you're losing your mind. Everything bothers you and it gets worse as it gets in the evening. Now watch the prophet detail this thing. Angel of the Lord, brother Bam says it again. You're worrying about something. You're bothered. You're upset. Now, this is to a patient. He says, "You're real nervous, aren't you? Kind of a mental nervous, and it's causing you to have all kinds of funny feelings." Isn't that true? It mainly works on you in the afternoon, long late in the evening when you get tired and run down. That has caused the trouble. See, what's caused the trouble? It's a nerve condition. Now watch him detail this. He's he's laying it out. You know what's uh amazing, brother Aiden? When I was putting these together, I actually had to go back and keep rereading because I thought I had the same quote. I I I kept thinking, I've got the same quote again and again, but I didn't. It was the same spirit in different places. He was so detailing to the individual that spirit that the characteristics of that spirit again he he would tell it over here in Alberta and he would tell it down there in Jeffersonville and then he would tell it over here because that spirit wherever it was it acted the same. Now Sister Lily sitting over there as a doctor and some of you are sitting here and you know this. Amen. That you start looking for characteristics in the natural. You look for characteristics of sickness and you don't care, amen, what country they're from or what place they're from or anything else because sicknesses have characteristics and demons have characteristics and the spiritual characteristic of this nervousness. Watch the prophet says it here. Look, it's a mental nervousness. The woman asked, "Should I believe when I feel like I'm dying?" Wow. Now, this woman believed she was dying. But when she began to talk to brother Bham, she said, "Should I even believe when I feel like I'm about to die?" Brother Bham said, "You believe regardless of anything. Don't matter if you feel like you're dying. Don't matter if you feel like you're about to lose your mind. You don't surrender your faith. Don't surrender your faith. It's the only thing that can break the hold of the devil. Do not surrender your faith, church. You must believe regardless. You never go to feeling. You go to your faith. Amen. There you are, sister. The lacking of it is, sister, I want to tell you, you It's a mental disturbance all the time. But you must keep saying, "Thank you, Lord, for my healing. Thank you, Lord, for my healing. I feel like I'd lose my mind, but thank you, Lord, for my healing. The devil said I'm going to die, but thank you, Lord, for my healing. Amen. The devil said they're going to carry me to a looney bin, but thank you, Lord, for my healing. Let me tell you what, I believe you can praise your way to a brand new mind, to a brand new life, to a brand new joy. The word of God can break the hold. He can break the hold that the devil's got on your life. What am I talking tonight? I'm talking about a serious trouble. This ain't something to play games with. This is a serious trouble. Look at what Brother Bam said. The next lady come, he said, "Here's a woman in serious trouble. The woman's got a mental nervousness. Isn't that right? Your worst trouble is in the late of the evening." Isn't it amazing? almost every one of those quotes. Those who are in late in the evening could do y'all catch something here. This is an evening message. And when is this neurotic spirit attack the age? It attack the church age in the evening of the age. It attacks the woman in the evening of the day and it attacks you sister in the evening of your life. Do you see it? It's an evening time distraction. It's an evening time spirit. But in the evening time, there shall be light. There'll be something that'll break the towhold that the devil places on your life. That's right. Amen. Long about the evening. Watch what he says. Long towards night, you get a little gloomy and worried and you get so weak that you could hardly stand up. Now, I want you to watch this. Amen. She's She's got plenty to eat. Everything's good around her life. No real reason. And she's wondering why in the evening am I so weak that I have to sit down. I can't hardly stand up. I've had people tell me, "By the way, I can't even get out of the bed and the doctors can't find anything wrong with me." Listen, you are sadly mistaken to not think that neurotics and nervousness of mind can't put you in a bed. [Applause] Listen, you can get so nervous. Now, I'm talking from experience, folks. You can get nervous enough that you can't get out of your bed. You can get nervous enough that you can't remember what your name is. You can't think about what tomorrow is. What am I doing? I'm identifying something to you. Get weak. You can't hardly stand up. You have to sit down. Is that right? Now watch him detail it and then ask the patient, "Is that is that right? Is that's what's happening to you? You're just all tore up now. What is it, lady? It's nothing to hurt you. It's a premature change of life. This woman's premature change of life, menopause, it's a gloomy shadow and it's nothing but a lie of the devil. Can you believe a lie could cause that kind of trouble in your body? Can you believe a lie could cause that kind of affliction to a human body where they got to sit down and they get weary and tired and they can't stand it. Listen, I know people say, "Well, brother Wayne, you've lost your mind." No. Amen. You're spirit first. And if you go back to the Garden of Eden, it was one lie that through mankind into mortal beings. All death, all sickness, everything come from one lie. And when Satan begins to lie to you and you begin to just say, "Well, it's just my feelings or it's just some little thing or it's just the way I feel or it's now watch what he's saying. You're worried about something." Testimony. Another one. You're worried about something. You're all bothered and you're upset. It's a nervousness for one thing. You're real nervous, aren't you? Of a mental nervousness. Now watch him separating. Yeah. It's a mental nervousness. See, it's kind of causing you to have funny feelings. Isn't that true? Mainly, it works on you in the afternoon. Amen. Along about the time you get tired and run down, do you now believe? Here's a woman really in serious trouble. She's got a minister nervousness. Isn't that right, lady? Your worst trouble is late in the evening, long towards the night, gloomy and worried, and you get real weak. Oh my. Our hope is in God. 1956. You're suffering with a nervous condition. Isn't that right? It's a mental nervousness. Isn't that right? And it's caused you great trouble. You get real weak. Now you said, "What are you doing?" I'm showing you that the characteristics of a nervous spirit causes weakness in the body. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. It'll cause somebody to lay down and not know how to get up. Listen now. Amen. You're suffering with a nervous condition and mental nervousness. It's caused you great trouble. You get real weak, don't you? But you do quite a bit of praying to try to get over this. Listen to Prophet detailing this now. You were disappointed recently. You were disappointed in the meeting last night. I'd made another altar call. You had a prayer card last night and didn't get one tonight. Isn't that right? Then raise your to your feet. Jesus Christ has healed you where you're sitting. Greater than Solomon. You're suffering with an extreme nervous condition. You got a mental nervousness. And your worst time is in the evening. You get real weak and set down again and again and again and again. You hate to see the sun go down. It makes streaks in the skies. And I can see you hide your face from it. And Satan's been telling you, you're going to lose your mind. He's a liar. Glory. Here's a prophet. He's a liar. I tell you, somebody say it. You're a liar, devil. Amen. You see what it is? Amen. There it is, brother man. I'm detailing this spirit. Let's go again. Amen. You're bothered with a nervous trouble. It's a mental nervousness. You get real weak. You suffer with spells, especially late in the afternoon. Even Satan has told you you're going to lose your mind. But it's a lie. You're going to be well. Hallelujah. Let's go. Jehovah Gyra. You're a Christian, aren't you? He says, "Listen now. Here's a picture. You're a Christian, aren't you? You're here for me to pray for you. You have an extreme nervous case that causes you to have dizzy spells." That's true. Of course, you were healed when that struck you. See, you're you're here to see me because you're having dizzy spells. I'll tell you what's wrong with you. You got an extreme nervous condition. And the woman hearing the prophet believed him. He said, "When it struck you, you were healed." He never laid his hand on her. What did he do? He exposed the devil. Her faith broke the hold. It's just a nervous spirit. Do you see what it did? It broke it. Brother Bam said she was healed when it struck her. Now watch a prophet now. He's going to he's going to really tear this thing up. You think you got everything wrong with you. Talking to a woman now. You got heart trouble, but that heart trouble is caused from indigestion. Yeah, you have it worse when you lay down after eating. Your whole trouble is nervousness. It's a mental nervousness, too. See, I see you're holding your head and walking around and sometimes you think you've lost your mind. Dizzy, heart trouble, stomach trouble, I'm weak, I'm tired. It's nervousness. Yeah. Put a light on it. It's worse than cancer. Now watch this. Do you believe me with all your heart? You're a very nervous person. Not nervous in shaking and jumping, but you're nervous with a mental nervousness because you're a deep thinker. Yeah. Now watch. Now watch, Brother Brandham. In one place he says you had menopause. In one place, he actually says, "Lady, you've been healed of menopause, but you've been left with this nervousness." Another one is getting early menopause and she's nervous. Another one, when you when you read it, she fell in a whale as a kid and it did something and later in her life she become nervous. One of them got bit by a dog and become nervous. But this one is nervous because they're a deep thinker. It's just the way you're built. You're a deep thinker. you you think things out before they get there. Now, watch what he's going to tell you. It's because you're a deep thinker. You're always taking other people's troubles. You're crossing bridges before you get to them. That's the old expression. It's your nature. It's your makeup. What your trouble is, you got stomach trouble. And that's exactly what's caused it. It's ulcerated stomach caused from a nervous condition. And it causes a souring and a belching, right? It causes a little floaty feeling and a smothering when you lay down. You have thought you have heart trouble sometimes, but it isn't your heart trouble. It's gas going through a tube up to your heart. Hallelujah. Thank God for a prophet. There ain't a doctor in the world could tell us this. But a prophet of God has stood on the platform has unveiled the thing and said it's a devil. Oh hallelujah. You're suffering with an extreme nervous condition. You got so nervous until it's bothered your heart. You're having a heart trouble. It's fluttering and jumping and you can't sleep. I see you get up nights and you're trying to get your breath. That's true. Listen to what he's telling you. Amen. Heart trouble. It's a flattering. It's a smothering. You can't sleep. You have to in the evening sit down. It's a floaty feeling. Funny feelings come over you. It's You say, "Preacher, what are you doing? I'm killing a devil. I'm going to break the hold of that devil." And people say, "Well, are you targeting somebody? A devil. This is not a flesh and blood experience. This is a war, a spiritual warfare. Come on, church. The prophet of God said, he said it like this. He walked into a congregation. You know what brother said? He walks into a congregation. He said, "Somehow that spirit of nervousness has took over the whole congregation." He literally saw the whole congregation in the hold of a nervous spirit. You know what he done? He said, "Satan, I adjure thee by the living God. turn them loose. Hallelujah. It'll break the hold. When you see what's wrong, it'll break the hold. When you believe the word, it'll break the hold. Hallelujah. You're suffering with it. Now watch. Everything is wrong with you. You think you think you have heart trouble. There's heart there's heart trouble caused from indigestion. You have it worse when you lay down after eating. Your whole trouble is nervousness. It's a mental nervousness. I see you're holding your head and you're walking around. You think you've lost your mind, but it isn't that way. Jesus Christ heals you. Go on your road rejoicing. My goodness. See, it's a gloomy feeling. Brother Bram says it. Now, here here's the thing, folks. I'm not out of quotes. You're suffering with a stomach trouble, aren't you? It's a peptic condition caused from a deep thinking. You see, it's a mental nervousness. You're not shaky nervous, but you get to thinking deep. Listen, lady, you're suffering with extreme nervousness condition. That's your trouble. But what you think it is is something in your stomach. It's giving you gas on your stomach. That nerves that's doing that and you have something wrong with your neck and your shoulders. You go to church, you're a Christian now. Now watch what he's doing. He's letting you know you think it's one thing, but it ain't what you think it is. It's something alltogether different. Look at what he's trying to do. He says you're you're a woman suffering of nervous conditions. He said and you've been prayed for. You want to be prayed for. It's a condition in middle nervousness of thinking a strange thoughts come. Strange thoughts come to you. Can you imagine that you're suffering with nervousness over stuff that didn't even come from you? Can you can you I mean I've dealt with a lot of situations in my last years as an evangelist. I travel for years and and I've known congregations all over the world and and got phone calls of every which kind and I've dealt with people and they say to me, "Brother Wayne, I'm having these awful thoughts that you ever I I'm not guilty. I I ain't done nothing wrong, but I feel so condemned by the thought that I had even." Amen. And and you know what's happened is the devil will put a thought in your mind and then you'll weary over that thought that you ain't even done and it'll make you a nervous wreck. Break the hold of the devil. Break this hold tonight and say, "Satan, amen. You have fought, but I have defeated you. You have come to this church, but you have come to die. I will not live another day with you in a chokeold over my life." What is it? It's the power of God. It's a reality. Nervousness. Nervousness. What's the prophet of God? If thou can't believe, I'm expecting something to happen. I just believe it will. I prayed all day for a great breakthrough tonight. If you suffer with nervous trouble, Amen. He said, "Lady, you sitting there, you just got healed." What's he talking about? He's talking about that it's a lie. It's a lie. Now, here's it is Satan. I love how Brother Bam says things. Let me just show you what he says here. This lady suffers with Now he's dealing with somebody. This lady suffers with. No, there's a dozen of you in here with this. This woman is suffering with mental nervousness. She's real nervous and upset. Raise your hand if that's the truth. How many in here has that kind of nervousness raised to your feet? Let me just challenge this congregation here tonight. Amen. I have prayed all day that God would break the hold of this nervous spirit. If that spirit of nervousness has been plaguing your life, won't you stand to your feet right now and say, "I defy you, Satan, in the name of Jesus Christ. I defy the power of that spirit upon my life. Satan, you're a loser. You lost the battle. Satan, you're a loser. Satan, my Lord has defeated you, you're a loser. Let our musicians come. Satan, you're a loser. It's a lie. It's a lie. You're not going to lose your mind. You're going to praise God and you're going to get a healing. You're going to break that thing. Some of you, it's a physical problem caused it. Some of you, it's a neurotics by thinking too much. It don't matter why it come. You got a reason to break it. Isn't it odd that God chose an evening service? An evening service when that devil usually bugs you the most. The Holy Spirit is here to say, "Satan, you have lied and you're losing your power over this tonight. Satan, we break your home. We refuse you the rights. It's my joy, Shelby. It's your joy. It's your rights. It's a right to a sound mind. It's a right. You got You got a right to believe God. You got a right to joy. Listen, sister. You got a right to raise your children without fear. I know Satan's doing his best, but God has sent a message. It's a message of power and a message of anointing, and it's real. And it's right here in this building tonight. So, I'll tell you what, brother Wayne, you think I must be a horrible sinner to be suffering with something like this. No, I don't think that at all. I don't fake that at all. William Brandham, Amen, in the end of his life went to a doctor and they were looking for heart trouble because he was going up a hill and he said, "I kept having these spells and I wondered what was going on." He said, "And I went and they was going to tell me I had heart trouble." He said, "And the angel of the Lord came to me and he said, don't you let them tell you that's heart trouble." You remember what he said? And then he saw a vision. How many remembers the vision? If you ain't heard the vision, go listen to Wings of Snow White Dove. And he saw a vision and he said, "When I was a little boy, there was a little squirrel jumped at my mouth." And he said, "And I tried to get it, but it jumped down in my mouth and went to tear in my belly." You remember that? And it went to tear in my belly. And all through his life, he had stomach issues. All he always had them. And they said, "Well, what's matter with you, Brother Brandham? You got what they call the blues." They said, "Ever so many years." Remember, brother Random left the field. Why did he leave the field, folks? A nervous breakdown. Your prophet had a nervous breakdown and had to leave the field because he was under depression and tried to take his own life at times. He was God's prophet to this age. And in the evening when nervousness was going to attack this bride greater than ever, God put a prophet in the middle of it. and he whipped that devil all over the platform. He himself was an erotic sir. I know what I'm talking about. But when that angel appeared to him in his old age that that that squirrel jumped at his mouth and said when he did, he said he I shut my mouth and he he missed this time. And he said a voice spoke to me and said, "Your enemy is dead. It's only 6 in long." Let me tell you something tonight. Your enemy is dead. If you can believe what I'm saying, your enemy is dead. You don't have to walk away from this building tonight with that neuronics in your life. You can, hey, you got a right tonight to say to that devil, devil, you died. [Music] You know what you can do? You can write down this night. Take this date. Take this date. Write it down in your calendar. Drive a steak. Say where you were setting when this happened. and you tell that devil, you're a liar and you have died. You missed my mouth this time and when I leave this building, my mouth is going to be full of the word of God. A dove has come by on a Thursday evening in the month of July in 2024, and it has fed me the words of faith, and I'm going to leave this building tonight saying, "I am healed by the blood of Jesus Christ. I am healed. I am healed. Oh, I am healed. Hallelujah. I'm healed. Praise God. I am healed. I think we sang it, don't we? Sickness, you can't stay no longer. Yeah. You can't stay no longer. Sickness can't stay no longer. Listen. Nervousness, you can't stay no longer. Come on, somebody. Evict the devil. Break the hold. You can't stay no longer. Amen. Satan, I hate to I hate to tell you the news tonight, but I got to break it to you. You're out of a place to live. That's right. You're out of a mind to abuse. You're out of a person to destroy because my Jesus came by on a Thursday night and I am free. And Satan, you have died in this building tonight. I break your arm, Satan. That's right. That's right. I know some of them things come from your childhood and raised up and you still wondering if God has really forgave you or not. One of these women standing here, Brother Brandon pointed them out and said, "Sister, really what's wrong with you is you think you've crossed the line. You think your sin's going to keep you out of being forgiven and you got a neurotics on you from that unbelief and Satan's torturing you, but the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses you. Why don't you just let God forgive you? Come on, church. Let God forgive you. Put it away from you tonight. Hallelujah. Put it away from your table. Put it away from your mind. Put it away from your speech. I know what's wrong. Hallelujah. [Music]
