################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-04-06 - The Inside Teacher     |  Pastor Katumba James Hannington   |   04.06.2024 - Katumba James Hannington - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2024-04-06
Title:   The Inside Teacher     |  Pastor Katumba James Hannington   |   04.06.2024
Speaker: Katumba James Hannington
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFfpCfz3TFE
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] God bless you saints. You're most welcome in the house of God. As we open up the song service, let's sing that song which says we are crown. When the battle is over, we shall weigh our crown. We shall weigh a crown. We shall weigh a crown. And when the battle is over, we shall weigh a crown in the new [Music] Jules. We are ground. We are ground. They are bright and shining crown. And when the battle is over, we shall wear a crown in the new J. When the battle is over, and when the battle is over, we shall weigh our [Music] ground. We shall weigh our ground. Yes, we shall weigh our ground. And when the party is over, we shall weigh our ground in the new [Music] jail. We are crown. We are crown. [Music] We are bright and shiny ground. And when the battle is over, we shall weigh our crown in the new Jim. We are crown. We are We are [Music] grown. We are bright and shining ground. When the battle is over, when the battle is over, we shall weigh our ground in the new [Music] Juan. We are ground. We are ground. [Music] We are crown. We are bright and shiny crown and win the battles when the battles over. We shall wear a ground in a new jar. [Music] Let us bow our heads as we pray. Loving Jesus Christ this evening Lord we see your children Lord glad father because they have a hope Lord that after this life Lord there is a crown for them not only a crown Lord but there is eternal life Lord Jesus. I pray Lord God as they sing Father with boldness Lord as they sing Lord Jesus with Father their hearts Mary Lord may you come Lord Jesus and refill them Lord that Lord Jesus Christ they may never be the same Lord I pray Lord God if you are here Lord Jesus and if you baptize us with yourself Lord we shall present Father our bodies as holy sacrifices Lord Jesus Christ and Lord God. I pray for those Lord who are coming Lord Jesus to be partakers of this heavenly Lord Jesus Christ gathering. Lord I pray Lord Jesus may you guide them on the way Lord and fasten Lord Jesus their footsteps Lord. I pray father for the minister Lord who is ready to talk to the purchase of the blood Lord God use him Lord God and open his vocal Lord that he may speak father Lord Jesus clear words Lord to the extent Lord than even the weak is going to be modified Lord I pray Lord Jesus Christ come and take control Lord and let father your will be done Lord as it is in heaven Lord Lord Jesus we love you Lord and we appreciate appreciate you. In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, Lord, we pray. Amen. Let us get on our feet and we sing that song. Onward Christian soldiers. onward Christian solders maring as to with the cross of Jesus going on before Christ the royal master leads against the fl forward into battles seers Onward, onward, Christian solders maring us to home with the cross of Jesus going on before like a mighty armen of the church of God. Brothers we are treading where the saints have thrown. We are not divided. All one body we one in hope and do one in charity onward. priest and solders maring past us to all in the cross of Jesus going on before crowns and thrones may perish. Kingdoms rise and wear, but the judge of Jesus constant will remain. Gates of hell can never judge the church prevail. We have Christ our own promise which can never fail. onwards. Christian solders maring us to war with the cross of Jesus going on before and the side of triumphant Satan all stand free on the Christian solders onto victory. Glory hell's foundation quiver and a shout of praise brothers lift your voicees loud your earthly rise onward we son of [Music] mag with the cross of Jesus us going on before on what many people join our happy throne blend with voices in that triumph song glory loud in horner and to Christ our king with through On this agees made an angel sing onward Christian solders maring us to war with the cross of Jesus. Onward Christians onward Christian soldiers marching to war with the cross of Jesus. Oh, one Christian solders maring us to war with the ghost of Jesus going on. Crowns and thrones, crowns and thrones may perish. Kingdoms rise and win. And the charge of Jesus constant will remain. Gates of hell can never. We have Christ our own promise which [Music] can which can never fail onward on one Christian [Music] solders with the cross of Jesus going on like a mighty army like a mighty army. army moves the church of God. Brothers we are trained where the saints have tr we are not divided all one body we one in hope and doctrine one in charity one prison so just magic to with the cross of Jesus going on behold. Amen. We are soldiers and soldiers of the cross. Amen. Brother Joshua can help us with the [Music] projector. Amen. We are soldiers. Let us sing and say as we journey through this land, we we keep on singing as we go. [Music] Amen. That is song number eight. If you have a song book, as I journey through the land, singing as I go, pointing source to Calvary, to the crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul. From [Music] without, but my Lord leads me on. Through him I must win. Oh, I want to see [Music] him. They are to sing forever. of his saving grace. All the sweets of glory. Let me lift my voice scales. Oh, at last ever to rejoice when in service. Oh my God. Dark may be the night, but I'll cling more close to him. He will give me life. Satan snares may veg my soul. Turn my thoughts aside, but my Lord goes ahead. It's whatever be. Oh, I want to see and look on his face there and to sing forever. Oh my saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me leave my voice and home at last ever till when we in the valley when it far is low towards the mountain high and behold my savior leading in the fire with a hand or stretch to The [Music] valley guiding me. I can see as I own. Oh, I want to see him and may I sing [Music] forever. Oh my saving grace. All that sweets of glory let me lift my voice all passing all my glass ever to rejoice when before me be rise from the mighty deep. Then my Lord directs my path. He does me and he leads me gently on through this valley. He's a real friend to me. Oh hallelujah. Oh, I want to see and know they sing forever, forever saving grace. Oh glory. Let me lift my voice careless. I know my glasses are during when all I look to the mountain high. And behold my savior there leading in a fight with a tender hand I'll stretch towards the valley guiding me I can see as I own. Oh, I want to see and look upon his face. They are to sing forever for his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice on my glass ever. My God is good. My God is good. My God is good. Is so good. My God is good. My God is Hallelujah. My God is good. My God is good. He's so good, too. Hallelujah. He set me free. He set me free. He set me free. So good, too. Hallelujah. Let's praise his name. Let's praise his name. Let's praise his name. He's so good. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Yes, Lord. Yes, [Music] Lord. Lord, Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Yes. [Music] I greet in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ and we thank God for the opportunity to come back here today. Let us ourselves and pray. Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, we thank you Lord for this evening for your love, grace and mercy. that you've never us to come into your presence and we've come with different situations. But Lord, you know how to help every one of us. We pray may bless us dear Lord. Make yourself known unto us and deliver us from all captivity of Satan that indeed we be able to serve you and worship you. free. Remember sister Lord Lord commit her into your hands. We pray that you may completely touch her father in the name of Jesus. We also pray for brother George in such special heavenly also remember others in different places different situations that your grace may come to help them out and bless us all. May you speak to our hearts, heavenly father such as sick and weaken our fill us with your spirit in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Let us go to John chapter 14. We're reading from we're reading verse 26 only. So the Bible says, "But the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things and bring all things to your remeance, whatsoever I have said unto you. of his word. So I want to continue with our subject on the Holy Ghost. Today we want focus on the Holy Ghost as the inside teacher. Our subject is the inside teacher. I want to get right into this age bookage 143 143. Now when God is silent, we had better be silent. But where he has spoken, we had better speak to and say what he has already said. He told us the evidence or what would happen after being baptized with the Holy Ghost was that we would have the teacher come and teach us all truth. But that teacher was an inside teacher, not an outside teacher. If the spirit wasn't inside, you wouldn't hear the truth and receive it by revelation. If you had it every moment of the day, that was the sign of the indwelling spirit in the days of Paul. Those who were filled with the Holy Ghost had the word received it and lived by it. Those who did not have the spirit had it only as can men put a wrong interpretation on it and went into sin in every age and every age is the age of the Holy Ghost for the true believer. I say in every age the evidence was the same. Those who had the spirit, the teacher, they had the word. And that spirit in them took the word and taught it or revealed it to them. And they were of the group that had the messenger. and his message and took it and lived it. Praise the name of our Lord. So that's what brother Brham is telling us in the seven church ages. I believe in the course of the study we shall take some service on the evidence of the Holy Spirit. But then here is telling us The proof that somebody has the spirit of God is to receive the message of your day and then you live the life of that message like when you read in in Revelations chapter 2, you know, every end of the church church message He would say, "He that has an ear, let him hear what the spirit says to the churches." So then it has to be the Holy Spirit within us that gives us the ability to hear what the message is for our day. So now brother Brham says that those being baptized with the Holy Ghost, they would have the teacher come and that teacher is the Holy Spirit himself who comes as an inside teacher. So then he gives you the ability to receive the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Even sometimes when you are doing a mistake, when you have the spirit of God in you and then you are corrected, you receive that correction in good faith. You know, you don't take it that you know they are criticizing me against me. Like many times, brother would talk to the Pentecostal people and says, "If you really have the spirit of God, you will know that as a woman to cut off your hair is wrong." Because that's what the spirit says. If you really have the spirit of God, you would know as a woman, it's wrong for you to be a preacher. or if you have the spirit of God, you know that to live like the world is wrong because the Holy Spirit in our lives will not like those things. The spirit is grieved by the things contrary to the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. telling them you can if you hear the word and then you obey the word then they will know that maybe you have the spirit of God but if you hear the word and dislike the word and you reject the word that shows there's no spirit of God in you so that's what he's telling us here that the proof that one has the spirit of God is for you to receive the word of God. The message of the day and then you live the life of that message. Praise the name of our Lord. And you see that would prove that the spirit of God dwells in us. Praise the name of our Lord. Now let us go back to John 14:26. So the Bible says, "But the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he will teach you all things and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you." So now the Holy Spirit teaches us all things. In other words, he comes and reveals to us the message of the hour that God has given to us because it is the spirit that uses the messenger. And when the messenger comes with the message, then the Holy Spirit in you will lead you to the message the messenger has given unto us. Praise the name of our Lord. And you know if you look at the church ages, each age had its portion and that was the word that was quickened in that time. Praise the name of our Lord. But now we are living at the end time. So all the fullness of the word has already been given to us. Praise the name of our Lord. We have more than what other ages had. The fullness of God has come down. And it is a time where Christ is uniting with the body. Praise the name of our Lord. Come and take us into the rapture. So we need to be certain that we have the spirit of God living within us. Praise the name of our Lord. Spirit being real in our lives, taking over our decision making. Praise the name of our Lord. That's one thing we should always be certain. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message here him says remember the Holy Spirit will [Music] tutor the children by the direction of the book of the father. That is the word. God will raise his church by the word and the Holy Spirit will teach the church the word notism. Soism, not the rules of the church, but the power of the word of the living God. The Holy Spirit will give that to the church. Did not our blessed Lord say, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God. That is the thing the Holy Spirit will teach. Praise the name of our Lord. So the Holy Spirit all the time will teach us the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord and the Holy Spirit is the one who speaks to us the word of God. And when we obey the word of God, he gives us the ability to live the life of that very word. Praise the name of our Lord. So now for us to be taught of the spirit, we must have a yearning for the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, the Bible says, "I shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God." So you must have a desire in your heart. Lord, I need to hear more of your word. And the more you desire the word of God, the more the Holy Spirit brings the word of God like here in Matthew chapter 5. Let us go and pick up that scripture. Praise the name of our Lord. Matthew chapter 5. And then we read in let us speak verse six he says blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness for they shall be filled. So he says you are blessed if you hunger and thirst after righteousness. Praise the name of our Lord. When you have a desire to know more of God, he says you shall be filled. In other words, you are going to be fed. You are going to be given that you are desiring for. And so the Holy Spirit creates a yearning in our heart that we desire to hear more of God. We desire to know more of God. There's a scenario in the book of Acts chapter 13. Acts chapter 13 and then verse 44. The Bible says, "And the next Sabbath, the next Sabbath day, came almost the whole city together to hear the word of God. But when the Jews saw the multitudes, they were filled with envy and spoke against those things which were spoken by Paul, contradicting and blaming. [Music] Then Paul and Barabas waxed bold and said, "It was necessary that the word of God should first have been spoken to you. But seeing you put it from you and judge yourselves and worthy of everlasting life, law, we turn to the Gentiles. For so has the Lord commanded us, saying, I have set thee to be a light of the Gentiles, that thou should be for salvation unto the ends of the earth. And when the Gentiles heard this, they were glad and glorified the word of the Lord. And as many as were ordained to eternal life believed. And the word of the Lord was published throughout all the region. Praise the name of our Lord. Now you see they went to this city. Praise the name of our Lord. And then they started preaching. But then the Jews, you know, that was in Antioch, they opposed the things Paul was preaching. And then Paul says, "Now you Jews, you've counted yourself and worth of eternal life." So we are turning to the Gentiles because this is what the Lord has told us that we take the gospel to the Gentiles. Now when the Gentiles heard this, the Bible says they were glad and then the Bible says they glorified the word of God and as many of them were ordained to eternal life, they believed the word. In other words, there was a fasting in them which was created. until they would desire to hear more of the word of God. So the Holy Spirit became an inside teacher in them and the more they desire to hear the word of God, the more they were taught by the Holy Spirit. And when they are taught by the Holy Spirit, then the Holy Spirit would give them the ability to leave their idols, to leave their sins and turn unto God. And it should also be the same thing with us. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, there was a place also in the scriptures here Praise the name of our Lord. It talks about the people of Belair. And the Bible says they did well. They searched the scriptures to see if these things be so. They desire to know more of God. Praise the name of our Lord. In Acts chapter 17 and then verse 10, and the brethren immediately sent away Paul and Silas by night una who coming thither went into the synagogue of the Jews. These were more noble than those in Thessalonica in that they received the word with all readiness of mind and search the scriptures daily whether those things were so. Therefore, many of them believed also of honorable women, which were Greeks, and of men, not a few. Praise the name of our Lord. The Bible says they searched the word daily. They went back home and they picked their Bibles all their scrolls and started studying these things. And these things so that should also be the same thing with us. Praise the name of our Lord because the Bible says, "Blessed are they that read and hear and do the things written in the prophecy." So there is a blessing, you get further into the spirit of God. Like now when Christ revealed himself to Saul when he was still soul, he took three days praying and fasting. When Anas came and prayed for him, he went to Arabia for 3 years and then he started reading this Old Testament before he met Christ. He couldn't have an understanding of the things. He was following the knowledge of theological schools and seminaries. And that is also the same thing in those denominations. They can tell you the scripture, but they don't know how to apply that scripture like maybe you in scripture quiz. What is the shortest verse in the Bible? Bible Jesus wept. John chapter is it 11 or 12 or 13? This and this. Mhm. What is the longest verse in the Bible? And then you are able to quote that. Which book in the Bible has many chapters? Psalms. Which chapter is the longest in the Bible? Psalms 119. You can be able to pick up those things, but they don't give you life because you have not been taught of the spirit. When the spirit teaches you, it gives you understanding of the scriptures. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, they came and asking Jesus Christ. There were some Pharisees and Sadducees. They came and tempted him and then they told him there was a man who married a wife. Unfortunately, he died because in the Old Testament there was wife inheritance. And so when the first son, the first husband died, the brother took over. Even the second, the third up to the seventh until the seventh took the same wife. Then they were asking Jesus Christ in the resurrection. Whose wife is it going to be understanding? There's a religion which says when you go to heaven, you have four women. Marriages of earth. Praise the name of So gets consolation. I've been disappointed here in this marriage. Maybe they are have better. No. Jesus told them you don't understand the scriptures. Because they had no revelation of the word of God. And then Jesus started telling them about the scriptures and told them those who will be counted worthy of the next life. They will be like angels because angels don't marry and are not given in marriage. And then you find some people taking this doctrine of you know that demons catch women and we rape women and then somebody says there's a female demon and a male demon. That's not scripture. But somebody can believe that like I think about 15 years or 20 years in they were saying that you know they were catching women. But until they found it was men not demons. But people can have those kind of spirits like some of these novels of Emanuel and others and then somebody believes those kind of things. Ah they can turn into this. They can turn into this and disappear. Why don't they disappear when death has come? Praise the name of our Lord. But people have different kind of funny understanding. So Jesus was telling them, you don't know the scriptures and you don't understand the power of God. And that's what is in the denomination. They can read for you the scripture, but they lack the revelation of the scriptures. When they go to the water baptism, They say me, I'm doing the way the Lord Jesus Christ said do. Jesus said, "Baptize in the name of the father, the son, and the holy ghost." And then they go with that. The book is still sealed to them. The seals are not broken before them. They don't know the scriptures and they don't understand the power of God. So now when the Holy Spirit comes because the Bible says when he the spirit of truth is come he will guide us into all truth. In other words he reveals to us the word of God. Let us go to John 16:12. He says, "I have yet many things to say unto you, but you cannot bear them now." John 16:12. Spirit of truth is come. He will guide you into all truth. For he shall not speak of himself, but whatever he shall hear, that shall he speak, and will show you things to come. Praise the name of the Lord. So we need the spirit of God to have a clear understanding of the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. We need that spirit to come and teach us that we can be able to know the things of God. And that's what the Bible says in 1 Corinthians chapter 2. Praise the name of our Lord. 1 Corinthians chapter 2 and then verse 12 it says Now we have received not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God, that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God. So now the Holy Spirit shows us the things that God has given to us, reveals them to us, manifest them to us. Then he says, "Which things we also speak not in what with man's wisdom teaches, but the Holy Spirit teaches comparing spiritual things with spiritual. Praise the name of our Lord. The spiritual things are told to us by the Holy Spirit. It helps us to do the will of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Even if you had a spiritual dream, bring it under the word. The dream I'm having, does it match with the word of God? The vision that I have, does it match with the word of God? The decision that I'm making, does it match with the word of God? The desires that I have, does it match with the word of God? back to the word and then you check using the word because the Holy Spirit teaches us the word of God. The Holy Spirit will not teach us away from the word of God because he is meant to guide us into all truth. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to have the Holy Spirit in our lives. as an inside teacher and when you have the spirit of God that is your protection. Praise the name of our Lord. When a false teacher comes or something which doesn't match with the word, the spirit will tell you inside this thing is not right. Or you may even not know exactly what the word of God says. But somehow the spirit of God will be sensitive and will hold you to be. What is this thing here? Praise the name of our Lord because he's an inside teacher. He's given to us to be guided to lead us to show us things to come. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to see that the spirit of God dwells within us. Then we continue in 1 Corinthians chapter 12 chapter 2 and then verse 15. That's verse 14. But the natural man receives not the things of the spirit of God. For they are foolishness unto him. Neither can he know them because they are spiritually discerned. [Music] But he that is spiritual judges all things. Yet he himself is judged of no man. For who has known the mind of the Lord that he has instructed him? We have the mind of Christ. Amen. Amen. So he says we have the mind of God. How do we have the mind of God? By having the spirit of God living in us. Because the spirit of God, the Bible says searches all things, even the deep things of God. He knows the will of God. So the Holy Spirit will always reveal to you the will of God. You know what is the will of God concerning what I'm going through? What is the will of God concerning the decisions I'm going to make? So the spirit of God takes charge over your life or even in your daily affairs. every day, your footsteps, the people you associate with, where you spend most of your time, the spirit of God takes interest in all those small details. Praise the name of our Lord. He cares in every situation. What decision am I making? What thoughts am I having? Where am I spending most of my time? Praise the name of our Lord. So, we need to allow the spirit of God to take charge over our lives. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go and read in John 1 John chapter 2:4. The Bible says, "Let that let that therefore abide in you, which you have heard from the beginning, if that which you have heard from the beginning shall remain in you, ye also shall continue in the Son and in the Father." 1 John 2:4. Praise the name of our Lord. He says that which you've heard from the beginning and if you continue in you should be in the son and in the father and this is the promise that he has promised us even eternal life. These things have I written unto you concerning them that seduce you. But the anointing which you have received of him abideth in you, and you need not that any man teach you, but as the same anointing teaches you all things. and is truth and is no lie. Even as I have taught you, you shall abide in him. [Music] Praise the name of our Lord. says that as he has taught us how the Holy Spirit keeps on teaching us, he says we need to abide in what we are taught. And how do you abide in the word by doing the word what the word tells you to do? Praise the name of our Lord. That's how you abide in it. Like the scripture we're sharing, I believe it was in the morning. in John chapter 8 and then verse 30. As he spoke these words, many believed on him. John chapter 8 verse 30. Then he says to those Jews which believed on him, if you continue in my word, then you are my disciples indeed. And you shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free. Praise the name of our Lord. You have believed. Continue in the word. And when you continue in the word, it changes you. You know him in the power of his resurrection. So your life is transformed and then you are set free from any form of bondage. Now the devil in the beginning was in the truth but he never abode in the truth. John 8:44. You are of your father the devil and the lust of your father you will do. He was a murderer from the beginning and abode not in the truth. When he speaks a lie, he speaks of his own. For he is a liar and the father of it. Verse 44. Now that's the devil. He had the truth, but he left the truth. He didn't dwell in the truth. He didn't get transformed by the truth. And now this is where the spirit comes in that we may continue with all the truth. The spirit keeps on teaching us, guiding us, directing us. Praise the name of our Lord and the time you leave the leadership of the Holy [Music] Spirit, then you are on your own. Praise the name of our Lord. But we need to allow the spirit of God to take charge in our lives every day. Being led of the Holy Spirit, being taught of the Holy Spirit, taking your time, reading your Bible, reading your message book. Brother Brandham says, "The Holy Spirit feeds on the word of God." So you need to see that you are feeding on the word and then the spirit keeps on revealing to those things you read and you know as you read them you find that there is a time of need. You'll need the word that you have read. Praise the name of our Lord. You'll need it at a particular instance. you know, which can come at any time. Maybe the devil has planned something, but then the Holy Ghost gives you a warning ahead of time, you know, whereby you get in desperation for something, you pray over it. You know there's some danger that is coming. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to see that we allow the Holy Spirit to take charge over our lives at our places of work at our homes in our communities where we live and wherever we are. We allow the spirit of God to lead us in everything. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message here it says and when the Holy Spirit teaches unadulterated holiness before the Lord. When the Holy Spirit teaches unadulterated holiness, how do you think the Holy Spirit feels to bring the word before the father that we are selfish? We are not concerned. We stay home on prayer meeting nights. We stay home in prayer meeting nights. We watch old religious programs and censored with dirty jokes and everything and then calling ourselves the church of the living God. What do you think he thinks tonight? Praise the name of our Lord. So it depends on what is inside of you. Praise the name of the Lord. You know like we in service and somebody feels comfort to attend a certain program. Then how will the Holy Spirit teach you? Praise the name of our Lord. You are staying away from class, you know. So, how are you going to pass the exams or the trials that are coming? Because the trials keep on coming. And you know, sometimes some things just happen and you don't know how it has started. If the Holy Spirit has been building in you, you'll be able to face those challenges and be able to overcome every one of them. Praise the name of our Lord because the spirit of God has taken time preparing you for that hour. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to see that we take time Wait on the Lord. Read our message books. Read the word of God. And as you receive it, take time and meditate upon the word. Take time and testify about the word you've heard. Talk to your colleagues. Talk to your neighbors. Talk to your family members. Tell them about the goodness of God. Tell them what the Lord has done in your life. And then you say the Lord will also work out in their lives and bring transformation to them. Praise the name of our Lord. Now, in the message, the mark of the beast, notice, except a man be born again, he can no wise enter into the kingdom. That's right. You must come, no matter how religious you are, what you all do, that has nothing to do that makes you pretty good citizen. but not a citizen of the kingdom. Maybe of this kingdom here. But the kingdom of God is within you. You are born in the kingdom. The kingdom of God is the Holy Spirit. You belong to that kingdom. That's the reason women don't bo their hair. They don't wear shorts. That's the reason men don't smoke cigarettes and things like that. They are from above. Their spirit teaches them righteousness. holiness. They don't swear. They don't use bad language and things like that. They are born from above. They are different. They are from the citizens above. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to have the inside teacher in us. That is the Holy Spirit. guiding us in every step. Praise the name of our Lord. And you know as you accepted the Lord Jesus as your personal savior, allow him to be your Lord and Savior. It takes lulership. You know your mind, your heart, your desire, you whatever you go, praise the name of our Lord. Fully surrender to the Lord Jesus Christ. And then you see how the Holy Spirit will keep on leading you, you directing you and bringing you to higher levels than you have ever been to. Praise the name of our Lord. We just need to learn how to surrender to the Holy Spirit and say, "Lord, lead me. Lord, guide me. Lord, direct me." Praise the name of the Lord. And you know to live a life that the Holy Ghost is comfortable with you. You know the Bible says, "Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed unto the day of your redemption in Ephesians 4:30." And then in verse 31, let all bitterness and wrath and anger and clamor and evil speaking be put away from you with all malice. Praise the name of the Lord because these are the things that grieve the Holy Spirit. In other words, they make the Holy Spirit timid or shy away. So the Holy Spirit becomes silent. Brother Brham says he goes away. and waits for you to make amends with God. So you find you're doing things by yourself, you know, like when people start abusing one another and then you like those dirty jokes and things like that, you can't say you can pray at that time. Now you find everything is just hard because there's some spirit you've eaten on. The Holy Spirit has been grieved and yet the Bible says that the Holy Spirit helps our infirmities such as our hearts. But now you have grieved the Holy Spirit. You are now with a wrong company. So you find even the joy of your salvation is taken away. Praise the name of our Lord. So we should not grieve the Holy Spirit. Get away all bitterness. Get away all wrath. Get away all anger. and then clamor. And then he says, "And be kind one to another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake has forgiven you." Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go to Luke 12 and verse 11. The Bible says, "And when they bring you unto the synagogues, and unto magistrates and powers, take ye no thought how or what thing you shall answer, or what you shall say. For the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what you ought to say. Praise the name of the Lord. Now he said when you are put before those councils or you are challenged where you are living or you are working allow the Holy Spirit to give you the right words to respond. Praise the name of our Lord. Now, that does not only apply when you are being asked a question or challenged. That does not only apply. What happens is this. The Holy Spirit takes over your life. He rules your life. So in whatever challenge you face in life whether before cancels whether before maybe you know home or place of work or wherever or you are put in a situation you don't know what to do. The Bible is saying that same hour the Holy Spirit will show you what to do, will tell you what to do or will speak to you what to speak. If they ask you the question, the Holy Ghost will give you the answer. If you are tempted, the Holy Ghost will give you the ability to overcome that temptation. Praise the name of our Lord. That's how the Holy Ghost works in our lives. And you know like when you read in the brother Brandham testifying several times you know when that mad [Music] cow he didn't have the gun. He had crossed into the fence where the cow was. He wouldn't go back. We don't want to go forward. The car was coming right away. Then the Holy Spirit just came down and then made him come as if nothing is happening. Then he talked to the cow. I'm sorry I've come in your place, but I have this reason of going passing through here. Please come down and sit there. That's the Holy Spirit coming at the time of need to make you do the right thing at that time. If it is a question, he will give you the right answer. If it is a challenge, he will make you do the right action. Praise the name of our Lord. when the Holy Spirit told him that there is a trap set for you and then people came in the church and were doing things which are not appropriate a man and a woman. Then the spirit told him speak what you will and he looked at those people and he said I forgive them. That was the Holy Spirit coming down to make you do the right thing. Praise the name of our Lord. And that's how we should be able to bring the third pole into full operation. When we yield to the Holy Spirit in the challenge of stress, you know, in our lives and say Lord, I stop this. Praise the name of our Lord. Because he says if you speak to this mountain be moved it shall be moved. And then the spirit was telling brother Brham that if a man's life is so consecrated you know until God can use him he'll be able to speak those things to existence. So it is no more you that liveth but it is Christ in you living his own life. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to grow to that stature. Until the Bible says the fruit of the spirit. But where does the spirit bear his fruit? In us. So you manifest the life of the Holy Spirit. Love, love of God. But where is the love of God expressed inside of you expressing it to others? The joy of the Lord is expressed in us. you. In other words, the Holy Spirit has taken over all your life until it is no longer you living but is Christ himself living. Praise the name of our Lord. This is what we should always design our life. Christ live inside of me. Take over my life. Direct me. Guide me. Let me have the mind of God himself. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us allow the Holy Spirit to be our inside teacher. And you know we've read brother Brennham says the Holy Spirit is our tutor. The Holy Spirit is our tutor. And the tutor takes you through practical lessons. It's not theories theory theory according to this practical they take you into the field. Praise the name of our Lord. If you're learning how to drive, you're not good to you're not good enough when you're still driving in the field. Good learning is when you're driving on the road because that's where you're going to pract from. So the Holy Spirit also takes us in practicals real things, real life situation. What exactly happens? Maybe a bad neighbor rises up against you to prove what fruit is inside of you or a bad boss rises up against you. a bad subordinate rises up against you. Just to prove whether you have the spirit of God, praise the name of the Lord. So we need to allow the Holy Spirit to teach us. We need to yield the Holy Spirit that he continuously guides us. Praise the name of our Lord. Then he says he brings all these things to our remembrance, guiding us, teaching us, showing us things to come and bringing them to our remembrance. Praise the name of our Lord. How we need to have more of the Holy Spirit in our lives and that should always be our desire. Lord, fill me with your spirit. May the spirit of Christ live in every one of us. Amen. Amen. May God bless you. Amen. Let us stand up and sing that song 136. They were in the upper chamber. Praise the name of the Lord. They were in an upper chamber. They were all with one accord. When the Holy Ghost [Music] descended as was promised by our God, oh Lord, send upon. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. You can go every send power now. Oh Lord, send the power. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send a power just now and baptize everyone. Yes, this power from heaven descended with a sound of rushing wind. GS of fire came down upon them. As the Lord say he will sing. Send the power now. Oh Lord [Music] say hallelujah. Oh Lord send a power just now. Oh Lord send the power just now and baptize everyone. Yes. This all time power was there to our fathers who were true. is a proise you and we all may have it. Send the power now Lord. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, send the power just now. [Music] Oh Lord, send power just now and baptize everyone. Amen. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, it's the promise of God. Praise the name of our Lord. So, you shouldn't be scared or afraid. I don't know if I have it or what. Just have faith in the promise of God. Amen. Let us sing that Psalm 151. I'm so glad I'm one of them. Praise the name of our Lord. There are people almost everywhere whose hearts were all a flame with a fire that fell at Pentecost which cleansed and made them clean. It is burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can see I'm one of the Oh, one of the Oh, hallelujah. One of thee. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of one of I'm so glad I can sing one of his People may not love me also find his power. Oh, I'm so glad that I can confess I'm one of the I'm one of the one of the hallelujah. Oh, I'm so glad I can see [Music] what Hallelujah. of I'm so glad that I can see one of the gathering up praise in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost and powerful service came. Now what he did for them that day he will do for you the same. I'm so glad that I can see I'm one of them. Are you one of them? I'm one of Hallelujah. I'm one. Hallelujah. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee. One of thee. I one of thee. I'm one of thee. I'm so glad that I can say come one oy now come my brother sing this blessing that will cleanse your heart from sing that will start the joy bells ringing and will keep the so lovely mightest Now within my house, glory to his name. I'm so glad I can't sing. I'm one of thee. Are you one of them? One of Oh, hallelujah. I'm one of thee. I'm so glad that I can sing. I'm one of them. One of him. Oh, I'm one of [Music] them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Are you one of the one of [Music] them? I'm one of them. Oh, thank you, Lord. I'm so glad that I can sing. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Jesus is the river, the river of [Music] life from whom I drink and then I live. Jesus is the reindeer, the river of life from whom I drink and then I live. [Music] Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. [Music] Halleluah. Halleluah. [Music] Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. Oh sunny day. Oh sun day. Oh sun day. Oh sun day. [Music] when [Music] I go. [Music] Oh no. Hallelujah. [Music] Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. [Music] Halleluah. You can now speak to the Lord. Father, how we thank thee. Father, your word of all praise. Lord, your word of all worship. Lord, your name is holy. Father, your name is wonderful. Lord, how we thank thee, heavenly father, for the fountain of life, Lord, for the river of life that flows down our lives, oh God. filling us heavenly father with your spirit. Changing our natures completely, oh God, delivering us from all powers of darkness. Oh God, how we worship you, Lord. How we adore heavenly father that you came down to our levels Lord. You came down to our lives heavenly father to wash us Lord to deliver us Lord God. Reveal yourself to us oh God to manifest yourself of God and change us oh God. We thank the heavenly father. We glorify your holy name. We magnify holy name. You are worthy of all praise. Lord, you are worthy of all worship. Oh God. Hallowed be thy name. Thank you for the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Lord, thank you for changing our lives. Oh God. Thank for being an inside teacher of God to come down to our levels of God to deliver us from every bondage. to deliver us from every evil God to change us heavenly father and to make us live the life of Jesus Christ. Oh God of our salvation, how great you are, Father, how wonderful you are, Lord. We call upon your name. We look on your heavenly father. We depend upon you heavenly father. Oh most precious father, work in our lives father to deliver us Lord to redeem us Lord to manifest yourself as oh God. Show us the path that we have to take the path of truth and righteousness for your holy name. Oh God, your name is great. Lord, your name is wonderful. Heavenly Father, oh blessed be that name. Fill every one of us with your Holy Spirit that we may no longer be living ourselves but Christ himself living in us. No longer we, no longer I, but Christ living in me. Lord, how we need you, heavenly father. Oh God, be such an insight teacher in our life, teaching us your word, showing us the path we have to take. For God, we need you, heavenly father. We worship you, heavenly father. We adore your holy name. [Music] [Music] [Music] change us heavenly father. Continue revealing yourself to us, oh God. Showing us the path of truth that righteousness that Lord we may live the life of Christ. How we need you heavenly father. How we worship you heavenly father. How we adore you Lord Jesus because you are the same God yesterday and forever Lord. We love you heavenly father. Wash us in the blood of Jesus Christ. Fill us with your spirit Lord. Fill us with your love heavenly father and help us to live the life of God. The life of truth and righteousness. No longer ourselves leading heavenly father but lord you leading us. How we need you heavenly father. Oh, we glorify your holy name. Come down to our rescue heavenly father and set us through heavenly father from all bondage Lord from all evil Lord from all evil desires Lord from all the things of the world from all the things that come our way oh God to stumble us Lord Jesus to draw us away from following you. We need you heavenly father and we call upon your name. Lead us heavenly father. May the spirit be so real in our lives. Father that oh God all our thoughts the thoughts of the spirit. All our words the words of the spirit. All our actions action of the holy spirit. That lord all the time oh god your presence may ever be in our lives. Leading us dear god guiding us dear lord revealing yourself to us dear God manifesting yourself dear God and showing us the path that we have to take the path of truth and righteousness for your name's sake. Oh God, how we need you, heavenly father. How we worship you, heavenly father. And how we glorify your name. You've been so gracious to us, Lord. You've been so kind unto us. Oh God, and we thank thee, Father. We bless you, Lord. We worship you, Lord, oh God of our salvation. We remember our brethren, Lord, who are sick and afflicted. Lord, may you touch Brother George, heavenly father. May you heal him, Lord, and make him whole in the name of Jesus Christ. Touch Brother George, Lord. Deliver him and heal him Lord. Touch brother George my God. Deliver him and heal him heavenly father. Touch sister Harriet Lord God. Deliver and set her free in the name of Jesus Christ. And help everyone Lord God. Remember Sister Trist is of the land that your grace may reach to help her Lord in the challenges over there and grinders desires. Oh Lord help all your children Lord. Help even the children were in school. Father Lord we lift them with your hands for your protection Lord for your mercies upon them from all negative influences and from all powers of darkness. Oh God we pray for them. May you provide for all their requirements and all their school feast needs and everything. Help our brothers and sisters who are looking for places of work that you open doors for them to get places of work in the name of Jesus Christ. and grant heavenly father to meet the needs of all your children. Oh God, whatever need it may be. Lord, that you told us whatever we desire, let us ask and we shall receive. We pray may grant all the hearts desire of all your children Lord. How we thank thee father and how we glorify holy name and how we magnify you Lord. You are great Lord. You are awesome Lord. We commit ourselves into your hands. Even the life that we live Lord we commit it in your hands asking for your grace upon us asking for your mercies upon us asking for the victory that comes from above lead us heavenly father even Lord as we've come the end of this service we pray that heavenly father as you brought us here graciously even lead us as we travel back home lead every one of us back home safely father and watch over us through this night and if they be tomorrow we pray again may lead us bless those missionary meetings tomorrow. Anoint all the ministers going to minister and use them in such special way that you may speak to your children. May your will and purpose be done and emps that we live in and the challenges that we face that Lord may give us more grace to overcome and live upright and ever seeking your face and depending upon you. We love you father. We thank you father. Help every one of us dear Lord Jesus for we have need of you even much more than before. Blessed be thy name. Guide us Lord. Direct us Lord and bless us together. We thank thee father. We worship your name. We glorify holy name. You worth of all praise and worth of all honor. Blessed be thy name Lord Jesus forever more. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray and ask this. Amen. Thank you Jesus. Amen. God bless you so much. We've come to the end of this service. On Saturday we shall have only one service but I want to remind you about 22nd of this month to be a Sunday we hosting brother Andreas and would call upon your support. Praise the name of our lord. Your contributions for these meetings are necessary. So we are going to host a number of people around. So we just need to see that we pull up our sock to support those meetings ahead of us. So God bless you so much. Let us sing one song. Pastor Mon, you're very much welcome. Thank you for being with us. Let us sing that song as we go out. 192 There is honey in the rock. Amen. Oh my brother, do you know the Savior? Oh, is wondrous, kind, and true. He's the rock of your salvation. There is honey in the rock for you. There is honey. There is in the rock my brother, my sister. There is honey in the rock for you. Leave your sins for the blood to cover. There is honey in the road for you. Have you tasted the Lord is gracious? Blow your wall in the well that's new. Have you drunk from the living fountain? There is honey in the road for all there is honey. [Music] My brother, my sister, there is an in for you. Lay your sin for the plan to cover. There is money in there for [Music] you the [Music] father. What will thou have me to do? [Music] Never fear he will surely answer. There is honey in the road for all there is honey in the my brother my sister. There is honey in the wrong for you. Leave your sins for the blood to [Music] cover. There is honey in the road for you. and go out to the streets and by way to the men of you. [Music] And to every falling brother there is honey in the rall. Oh there is honey. [Music] My sister in the room for you. Lay your se [Music] for amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
