################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-30 - Prayer Service     |       Pastor Katumba James    |       30.07.2025 - Katumba James - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-30
Title:   Prayer Service     |       Pastor Katumba James    |       30.07.2025
Speaker: Katumba James
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qNTgtI30lss
========================================

burden and I will give you rest. And here father we've come presenting ourselves lord with so many lord with so many burdens heavenly father there's nothing good that we bring unto you father but lord to present ourselves unto you lord as you commanded us father oh god of our salvation we call upon you this evening father in the midst of many troubles in the midst of many afflictions in the midst of many challenges es that we go through and only you Lord who can help us in each and everything and how we are thankful father that we have found a resting place right before Christ where our anchor holds Lord where our hope is Father where our expections are Father as we've come before you heavenly father it's our desire heavenly father that we may open up all our hearts unto you father whatever is in us Father, whatever heaviness we have, whatever ladeness we have, help us to release it before you heavenly father. And help us likewise to have faith, Lord, when we ask you all the desires that we have that Father, we may believe that we receive each and every one of them. Bless this prayer meeting. Heavenly Father, bless our hearts here, Lord. Manifest yourself to us. Reveal yourself to us. and show us the path we have to take, the path of truth and righteousness. For your holy name's sake, oh God, we commit the whole service into your hands, Father, the praise, the worship, Lord, and Father, the exaltation of your word, and likewise the prayers we're bringing unto you. We pray you may hear, Lord, and answer us, Father, according to your will and purpose. deliver every one of us that is bound and in any form of captivity or sickness or any kind of thing that's troubling. Lord, you may set everyone free for the glory and honor of your holy name. We look on we depend upon you. Remember also our brothers and sisters who are not able to be part of us here physically. We lift them all into and praying that your grace may reach unto them. Heavenly Father, help them in the time of need that they go through. Father, be merciful, Father, and help everyone for the glory and honor of your name. We earnestly call upon your name when they look on you, Father, that your will may be done in all. Receive all the glory, Lord Jesus. Receive all the honor, Father. In the name of Jesus Christ, we do grant peace. Amen. Let us sing that song. We are floating down the stream of time. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let us sing that song. I don't know if you can get me a better mic. This one is fluctuating. We are floating down the stream of time. We have no longest [Music] day. Then let us for we are not left alone. The lifebo soon is coming to gather the Jew. Oh then cheer my brother [Music] shall meet upon the golden shore where prays and where strangers here we are seeking a city to come. The lifebo soon is come to gather the Sometimes the devil tempts me and says it's all in vain to try to live a priest and walk in Jesus name. And then we hear the master. I'll lend you a helping hand. And oh only trust I'll guide you to that land. Oh then cheer. Our trials will soon be over. Our love we shall meet shall meet upon the golden shore. We are pilgrims and we are strangers. We are seeking a city to come. The lifebo soon is come to gather the jewels all. her life. But soon is coming. By eyes of faith I see as she will through the world to rescue you and me and land us safely in the boat with friends we love. So there are get ready Christ the cup all look she's almost hallelujah then cheer my loved ones we shall meet upon the golden shore we are praying names and we are strangers. We are seeking a city to come. The lifebo soon is come to gather the jewels on now the time to get on board while she's passing by. But if you stand way too long, you shall forever die. The fair is paid for one and all th you come. for get on board the life of then cheer then cheer my brother cheer our love our loved ones we shall meet shine upon the golden shore we are pilgrims and we are strength Jersey. We are seeking a city to come. The life soon is come to gather the Jew will then cheer then cheer my brother. Our trials will soon be all that [Music] upon the golden shore. We are pilgrims and we are strangers. We are seeking a city to come. The lightboard soon is come to gather the Jewels home. Amen. Praise the name of our Lord. What a great expectation we have that the lifeboat is soon coming. Praise the name of our Lord. That's why we have to sing that we are pilgrims and we are strangers. Amen. Whatever we are going through is just for a short season and soon it will be done. Amen. Psalm 174. pilgrim and strangers waiting for the lifeboat which is soon coming. Amen. I am a pilgrim man, a strangeanger, [Applause] wondering through this world of sin. on my way to that fair city. When the saints go maring, oh when the saints are wind, oh when the saints go maring, go maring in. When the saints go maring, Lord, I want to be that number when the saints go maring. Oh, all I know I'll see my savior. [Applause] If my life is free from sin, [Music] heaven's doors will open for me. When the saints go maring, go maring in. Oh, when the s go maring in. [Music] Oh, [Music] go maring. [Music] Lord, I want to be that number when the sense go maring. When we gather around the throne and against Santa Claus within I'll be shouting oh glor re glory oh when the saints go maring Oh, when the s go maring in. Oh, when the saints [Music] go maring in. Lord, I want to be that number when the saints go maring. [Music] I am waiting waiting for the chariot to swing Lord out stepping on the clouds. our ride to heaven when the saints go maring. Oh the s song go maring in. Go in the sing maring. Lord I want to be that number [Music] when the saints go maring. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. I just want to sing this song that can put us into the mood of the rapture. Praise the name of our Lord. When the saints go maring in and then the Bible tells us that right now we are in Zion, heavenly Zion. Praise the name of our Lord. Just imagine marching into Zion. So we sing song 15. Amen. We shall sing this song and I think we can worship the Lord. You speak to the Lord. Then after praying to the Lord, we read the scripture. Then again we sing. Then we pray. We just spend this evening just worshiping and praying to the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. Come with love the Lord and let our joys be known. Join in a song with sweet accord. Join in a song with sweet and throne [Music] and thound a throne. Halleluah. We are maring to Zion. Beautiful, beautiful Zion. We are maring upward to Zion, the beautiful city of God. [Music] Let dawn ring fs to sing who never knew our god but children of the heavenly king but children of the heavenly king may be There joys abroad may speak their joys abroad. We are maring. We are maring to Zion. [Music] Beautiful. Beautiful Zion. We are maring upward to Zion. Lion, the beautiful city of God. The hill of Zion nails a th [Music] before we reach the heavenly fields. Before we reach the heaven reveals, oh wo the golden street. Oh the golden spring we are maring. We are maring to Zion. Beautiful. Beautiful Zion. [Applause] We are maring upward to Zion, the beautiful city of God. [Music] Then let up songs abound and every tear be dry. We are maring through [Music] ground. We are maring through ground to fair [Music] [Applause] world on high to fair world on high. We are maring we are maring to Zion. Beautiful. Beautiful Zion. [Music] We are maring upward to Zion, the beautiful city of God. We are maring. We are maring to Zion. Beautiful. Beautiful Zion, we are marching upward to the beautiful city of God. Amen. Let us sing that song. We shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise as we get to pray each of us just to thank God for who he has made you to be. You know many times we are used to Lord give me this, Lord give me this, Lord give me this. But you also need to thank God for the goodness he has put in your life. Praise the name of our Lord. You thank him, you glorify him, you know worship him. Amen. [Music] In the resurrection morning when the trump of God shall sound, we shall rise. Halleluah. We shall rise. Then the saints will come rejoicing and no tears will ever be found. We shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. Amen. Oh, we shall rise. Halleluah. We shall rise. Amen. We shall rise. Hallelujah. In the resurrection morning when death prisons bars are broken. We shall rise. Halleluah. We shall rise in the resurrection morning. What a meeting it will be. We shall rise. Halleluah. We shall rise. When our fathers and our mothers and our loved ones we shall sing, we shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. Amen. We shall rise. Halleluah. We shall rise. Amen. We shall rise. Halleluah. In the resurrection morning when this prison buzz abroad. We shall rise. Halleluah. We shall arise in the resurrection morning. Blessed thought it to you to me. We shall rise. Halleluah. We shall rise. I'll see my blessed Savior who freely died. We shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. Amen. We shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. Amen. We shall rise. Hallelujah. In the resurrection morning. When the springs are broke. We shall rise. Halleluah. We shall rise in the resurrection morning. We shall meet him in the air. We shall rise. Halleluah. We shall rise and be carried up to glory to our home so bright and fair. We shall rise. Halleluah. We shall rise. Amen. Oh, we shall rise. Halleluah. We shall rise. Amen. We shall rise hallelujah in the resurrection morning. When this prison buzz abroad, we shall rise. Halleluah. We shall rise. His Lord is Lord. Amen. He has risen from the dead and is Lord. Every knee shall bow down. Every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is love. Yeah. Moore [Music] come. [Music] Yes. So come Alo is so crystal [Music] meant. [Music] Yes. [Music] Each of us can speak to the Lord. Father, how we are thankful. Thank you, Lord. How we worship you, Lord. How we glorify your holy name. That you have saved us, Father. You have washed us in the blood of Jesus Christ. You've delivered us, Father, from all evil, from all sin, from all trespasses, Lord, from all wickedness, Lord. How we are so thankful, Father, for this great salvation that you have done in our lives, Father, that Lord, we are your children, Lord. Oh, blessed be thy holy name, Lord, forever more. How we are thankful Lord that we are not like the rest of the world. Oh God, blessed be thy name. How you came to save our souls. How you came to deliver us Lord from all evil, from all bondage, from all ps of darkness. We are thankful, Father, for redeeming us, oh God. The redeeming grace of God, the great salvation of God that has brought us this far. You've saved us, Lord. You've delivered us, Father, from the powers of darkness, Lord, from all the desires of the devil, Lord, that we no longer worship Satan. We are no longer agents of Satan. We are no longer tools and pawns of Satan. We are no longer into the hands of Satan. Lord, we are thankful, Father, for the great salvation that we have given you our lives. We've given you our souls. We've given you our human spirits. We've given you our bodies that Lord they may all be pleasing unto you as a living sacrifice that's acceptable unto you. And so that's why we've come this evening Lord to worship you Lord to glorify your holy name. Oh God we commit ourselves unto you father. We call upon the name of the lord even as you said in your word thats whosoever shall call upon the name of the lord shall be saved. And here we are, Father, to call upon your name, to glorify you, Lord, to magnify you, Lord, to honor thee, Father, to adore you, Lord, because you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. You change not heavenly father, you fail not, oh God, oh God of our salvation. How great you are, Lord. How wonderful you are, Lord. How we thank thee, Father, for saving us, for bringing us into your fold, to be called your children. You've made us to hear your voice. You've made us to follow you, Lord. And how you've told us in your word. We are the sheep of your pasture, Lord. And now you've come, Lord, that we may feed on your word. We may feed on your pasture, God. We may be encouraged, Lord. We may be strengthened, heavenly father. We do grow for you, Lord Jesus. We do magnify you Lord Jesus Christ. We do honor you heavenly father. We do worship you Lord. Your name is wonderful Lord. Your name is great heavenly father. Bless us all together Lord. Fill our hearts with your power of the Holy Ghost and change us completely. Father from all our natures of failure, from all our natures of sin, from all our natures to do evil, Lord, all evil desires that Lord you may change us. Lord you may transform us. So God and deliver every one of us and set every one of us free. That Lord we can serve you Lord with all our heart. We can serve you without fear of anything Lord and how you said in your word heavenly father redeeming us Lord delivering us Lord that we can live the life of Jesus Christ. We are thankful heavenly father for your goodness Lord for your mercies Lord for your love oh God for your care heavenly father and for the day that we live in Lord we worship you Lord Jesus Christ we glorify your holy name we magnify your holy name we thank thee father for the gift of life you've given unto us the healing in our midst Lord the joy of the Lord which is our strength the protection from above the provision you make for us every other day Lord that we are your children oh God that we can live by faith we can walk by faith we can do everything by faith oh God faith in you and only in you alone we are thankful heavenly father we worship you Lord Jesus we glorify you heavenly father we magnify you heavenly father we adore you heavenly father because you've redeemed us Lord you've saved us oh God and the great promises that you've spoken to us, heavenly father, of the sinks, Lord, you've purposeed in our time, the change of our bodies, Lord, the resurrection from the dead, the resurrection from the dust, oh God, how we are thankful, Father, that your name is great. Your name is wonderful, Lord. How we are thankful, Father, oh God, that we can be in the city Zion. Blessed be thy holy name. We are thankful unto you. We are grateful unto you for your goodness, for your greatness, Lord. That the day has come, heavenly father, for the change of our bodies, Lord, for the translation of the day. Oh, blessed be thy holy name. We are thankful, Father, that we are living at such a time when all these things have to come to pass. We are grateful, heavenly father. Blessed be thy holy name, Lord. Thank you for coming down to our levels. Thank you for revealing yourself to us. Thank you for manifesting yourself to us. Thank you, heavenly father, for setting us free from every evil, from every bondage. Oh God, how we are thankful unto you, Lord, for the new Jerusalem that you've put before us, Father, and how Abraham looked for that city whose builder and maker was God. And then he saw it far off, for God. And we are thankful, Father, that's right before us, oh God, to be in that city whose builder and maker is God. We are thankful heavenly father for such great promises for such wonderful things that father you've put before us Lord how we are thankful how we are grateful Lord how we honor the father and how we adore you Lord receive all the glory Lord Jesus Christ receive all the honor Lord may your name be magnified may your name be blessed Lord may your name be adored forever more because the name of the Lord is a strong and mighty tower and the righteous run into it and they are saved. So we've come running into your name, running into that fortress, running to that place of safety, place of security, place of protection and a place, heavenly father, where we find all that we have need of. We worship you, Lord Jesus Christ. We glorify your holy name. Wash us in the blood of Jesus Christ. Deliver us from all captivity, Lord, from everything that's unlike you, Lord. That Lord Jesus Christ, we can be like our Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God of our salvation, changed and transformed, delivered heavenly father and father, Lord Jesus Christ, filled with your Holy Spirit, filled with the life of Christ himself, Jesus alone living in us, Jesus alone manifesting himself in us. That's our desire, heavenly father. That's our prayer heavenly father that Lord we can be like Jesus Christ. We can depend on you. We can call upon your name. We can seek your face. Oh most precious father. You are great Lord. You are awesome Lord. You chain heavenly father. You f heavenly father be magnified Lord Jesus Christ. Be glorified, heavenly father, and lead us, Lord, and our preeminence, Lord Jesus, upon our lives, Father, and upon this prayer meeting, Lord, that you may direct, you may guide, you may speak to us, you may encourage us even as we speak to you, Lord. Father, may you hear all our prayers. May all our petitions Lord that you may answer everyone with such burdens Lord and such things of afflictions Lord that Lord you may hear to deliver the captives Lord to heal the sick heavenly father to fill your children with your spirit oh God to answer every prayer request in the name of Jesus Christ and to encourage every one of us that we may be strengthened we may be encouraged Lord we may be your heavenly father set free from any form of bondage any form of decept ception that Lord we can always seek your face. We can always call upon your name in the name of Jesus Christ. We pray Lord that you may be gracious and guide us and direct us and encourage us and strengthen us and bless us all together Lord. We honestly look on you Lord. Wely depend upon you Lord because your name is great. Your name is holy Lord. Your name is wonderful Lord. Heavenly Father you alone our hope. You alone our refuge Lord. You alone is what we seek. You alone is what we look on to. You alone heavenly father can help each and every one of us. As you know father each and every one of us in our weaknesses in our failures Lord in our needs. Heavenly father in our troubles Lord in our afflictions Lord in our hardships oh God and every challenge we went through. Oh God, you are more than able to deliver Lord, to revive us, Lord, to encourage us, Lord, to strengthen us, Father, and to lift us even higher on a higher ground than before. Oh, we thank thee, Father. We bless your holy name. We love you, heavenly father. We adore your name, because you are great, Lord. You are wonderful, Lord, and you change your heavenly father. Blessed be the name of the Lord Jesus forever more. Continue making yourself known unto us. Continue manifesting yourself to us. Oh God, continue showing us the path that we have to take the path of truth and righteousness. Lord, in continuous service you in continuous worship unto you and Lord adoration of the name of the Lord for you are great Lord. You are wonderful Lord. You chain not father, you fire not, oh God. Blessed be thy holy name. Revive us Lord Jesus. encourage each and every one of us. And lift us from all our failures. Take all doubts away. Take all fears away. Take all paths of darkness away. And wash us all in the blood of Jesus Christ. That each and every one of us may be healed. Each and every one of us may be encouraged. Each and every one of us, Father, oh God of our salvation, may live a higher form of life than we have ever done before. realizing your goodness, realizing your presence and rejoicing before you, rejoicing because we are the children of your fold in the name of Jesus Christ. Bless us, Father. Fill us Lord, guide us, Lord, direct us, Lord, encourage us, Lord, as we come to seek on your face, as we come waiting upon you and earnestly looking at you and calling upon the name of the Lord. Blessed be thy holy name, Lord, forever more. receive all the glory and all the honor father in the name of Jesus Christ we do pray and ask this. Amen. [Music] Amen. Let us sing one or two songs then we can go into a brief word of exaltation. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us sing that song. There is a name I love to hear. Praise the name of our Lord. Psalm number six. There is a name I love to him. I love to sing it. It sounds like music in my head. The sweetest name on earth. I love him. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus Christ. Because he first loved me. He tells me of a savior's love. Who died to set me free. He tells me of his precious blood. The sea's perfectly. I love him. Oh, how I how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus Christ. Because he first loved me. [Music] He tells me what my father has in store for every day. And though I trade a dark some path, he'll shine shine all the way. I love him. Oh, how I how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus Christ. Because he first loved me. He tells me of one whose loving heart can feel my deepest w. Oh in each sorrow bear as a part that none can bear a belong. I love him. Oh, how I how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus Christ. Because he loved me. [Music] Gal. [Music] Amen. Praise the name of our Lord. Before we go to the reading of the scripture, let us sing that song living by faith because we want to talk about faith, a prayer of faith. Song number 24. Amen. The songs have a lot of deep meaning. Praise the name of our Lord. And we just take them by all our heart. I care not to what the tomorrow may bring. If shadows or sunshine or rain, [Music] the Lord I know l over everything and all of my worry is living by faith [Music] in Jesus above. [Music] trusting, confounding [Music] in his great love. [Applause] [Music] from all I'm safe [Applause] [Music] in his sheltering arm. I'm living by faith and I feel no alone. Living by faith. Oh, living by faith [Music] in Jesus abound. [Music] Trusting confounding in his great love. [Music] from all I'm sick in his sheltering arm. I'm living by faith and I feel no alone. [Music] Though tempest may blow and the storm clouds arise, obscuring the brightness of life. I'm never alarmed at the over skies. The master looks on the sky. And therefore, I'm living by faith. [Music] In Jesus abound, trusting confounding [Music] in his great love [Music] from all I'm safe. [Music] in his shel. I'm living by faith and I feel no alone. I know that he'll safely will carry me through no matter what evil be. [Music] Why should I care though the tempest may blow if Jesus was close to my son? Oh, I'm living by faith. [Music] Shelter. [Music] I'm living by faith and I feel no alone. M our Lord will return to this awesome sweet day. Our travels will then all be over. The master so gently will lead us away beyond the blessed heaven nation. Living by faith. Jesus abound. Trusting or finding in his great love. [Music] From all I'm safe [Music] in this sheltering arm. I'm living by faith and I feel no alone. Amen. Living by faith. Praise the name of the Lord. Let us go to James chapter 5. We take something like 20 minutes or so. Praise the name of the Lord. James 5 and then verse 13 up to verse 15. The Bible says, "Is any among you afflicted? Let him pray. Is any merry? Let him sing psalms. Is any sick among you? Let him call for elders of the church, and let them pray over him, anointing him with the oil in the name of the Lord, and the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up, and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven. Amen. God speaking of his word, you may be seated. Praise the name of our Lord. So the Bible says the prayer of faith shall save the sick. Praise the name of our Lord. And you know prayer is a petition is a desire you know that you express to God. And prayer is of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Because we see that our Lord Jesus Christ prayed. The Bible when you read in the scriptures, Christ prayed several times and when you read through also the Old Testament, you really find people were praying, you know, oh Lord, there is this, oh Lord, there is this. They were praying and then the Lord would be concerned about their heart's desires. Like for example, when you read in the scriptures, it is actually Cain who first went to worship after the fall. Because the Bible says in the process of time, it came to pass that Cain offered an offering to the Lord. Of course, we know before the fall, every evening, God would come and meet Adam and Eve. But then there's a particular day God came and Adam and Eve were not in their position. And of course that was because of sin. And sometimes also what holds us back from speaking to God with boldness is sin because you are afraid. You know like a child who has made any mistake at home will always try to shy away from their parents will always try to hide. When you call them to come, they hide somewhere to pretend to be busy on something else because there's something wrong. But that is something which God has addressed by the blood of Jesus Christ. Is that if you know that there is something wrong in your life, apply the blood of Jesus Christ and tell him, Lord, there is this problem I have. I've done something wrong. Wash me. Restore me back. Praise the name of our Lord. That's why you see in the Lord's prayer when you are praying to the Lord, he said, "Forgive us our trespasses." So repentance is our daily life as children of God. The same thing as forgiveness. So you shouldn't allow your weakness or your sin to take you away from prayer. Praise the name of our Lord. So that when you come to pray, confess, say, Lord, I have a weakness here. I've done something wrong here. You know because if you don't confess then you will not have faith in God. But when you pray then you trust that the Lord hearth you when you pray. Praise the name of our Lord. You are believing that what you are talking to him who listen to you what you are saying. And that's what he says. Come unto me and let us reason together. And then he says even if your sins be as red as scarlet they shall be white like snow. That's the promise of God says come, come unto me. He has every solution for all our failures and weaknesses. Praise the name of our Lord. So he says the prayer of faith shall save the sick. And then he says, "Is there anybody afflicted? And if he's afflicted, let him do what? Pray." That's in James 5:3. He says, "Is there any is there among you afflicted? Let him pray. Now that word afflicted means you are troubled. Means there are some form of hardship you're going through. Sometimes the troubles may be because of your health. Sometimes the troubles may be because of your family. Sometimes the troubles may be because of your place of work. Sometimes your troubles may be because of the community that you live in. Sometimes the troubles may be because of different fears. Maybe you have had some negative information or some things which are not pleasant. It can bring all those afflictions. So then he said if you have any affliction what do you do? Pray. Praise the name of our Lord. And what a friend we have in Jesus. &gt;&gt; That you can tell him all your troubles. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. And you know it is very important for us as an individual. Praise the name of our Lord to always find time where you can sit down and then you just think about the Lord and then you speak to the Lord as an individual. Each of us at least has got that opportunity at our places where we stay. You know it may be maybe the whole day you've been too busy. You've been busy at place of work but at night maybe when other people are sleeping you can sit and just say Lord I want to speak to you. I want to make myself known unto you. And then you know you open up your heart to the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. Even when you are sleeping in a small room, you're too many people. Nobody will refuse you from sitting down. Of course, you may not start praying at the top of your voice, everybody to hear, you know that kind of thing. I believe it was in covid time when the president was challenging all saints natho and then asking them these people of nas they make a lot of noise for me as if god cannot hear them when they don't use those equipments we believe god can hear us when we pray silently praise the name of our lord like if you are sleeping in a room you are many and and you are sharing a bed maybe or mattress many people you're not going to wake up in the night and tell people I'm going to pray and then you shout at the top of your voice. I believe that's not really the best way. But you can pray silently. You know, you can wake up, maybe lean on the wall or kneel down and then you pray silent and say, "Lord, this is my burden." Like Hannah, Hannah went into the temple in 1 Samuel chapter one and then she the words were not heard. But then the priest saw that this woman is mad. Then also Elezah. Elezah when he was going to look for a wife for Isaac, the Bible says in Genesis chapter 24 that he prayed in his heart. He just knelt down because there were men around him we had gone with. But he knelt down and prayed in his heart and said Lord let it be that lady or that dam I'll tell give me a drink and he gives me drink then he will give the animals. Let that be the girl you have appointed in his heart. That's what he said. And he knelt down. This one never knew what he was talking about. But they knew he wanted a wife for Isaac. Then when he had finished praying in his heart, nobody had the words. God had the words. Then Rebecca comes. So we can also do the same thing at any time. Maybe you are traveling. You know, you're maybe seated in the tax. You can pretend as if you are sleeping and then you are praying. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord who refuse you from sleeping or pretending as if you are sleeping and then you are praying. So you can pray at any time in any place you can pray. Pray the name of our Lord. Some people when they are busy at their places of work busy they can excuse themselves that let me go to the washroom. But you are going there to do what? To silently pray. Praise the name of our Lord. So we can use opportunities everywhere to pray to God. Sometimes maybe they are putting you in a hard decision. Maybe you are in a meeting at some of these places of work and there's a decision for you to make. You can excuse yourself and have time of prayer. Those people may not allow you to pray in the before them but you can excuse yourself say Lord this is the challenge I have. What can I do? Which decision should I make? Which choice should I make? Praise the name of our Lord. You know there are those kind of thing and you know prayer builds a personal relationship with God. When you have confidence in God you know you'll say Lord but now I've heard this and sometimes prayer may not necessarily be that you're going to stay a long time praying or shouting a long time. It can be even two three words and say Lord I don't know what to do. Lord I'm stuck here. A good example was David. David was running away from Abselum and then the Bible says he was climbing the hill and Abselum had taken over the kingdom. Then one of the friends of David came and told him that Isopelos has connived has conspired with Absolum. What did David say? David said, "Oh God turned the wisdom of Isopel into foolishness." That was all. And then God brings another friend of David and God gives wisdom to David and tells him ah you go and stand with my son Abselum and tell him and know tell him that I'm with you so that you can defeat the council of Isopelos is how the Lord works out. So it may not be a long prayer. It's not about how long the prayer is, but it's about how you can bring it before the Lord with faith, believing that when I speak to the Lord, he will hear what I'm saying. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. So sometimes some challenges come, you don't have time to pray or sometime you don't have time to fast, but you just only mention one or two words to the Lord and say, "Lord, have mercy upon me." And then the Lord will have mercy upon you. Praise the name of our Lord. A good example is Jehoshaphat. When you go and reading that story of Jehoshaphat, Jehoshaphat a righteous king went and sat with Ahab. And then Ahab said, "Let us go and fight in Ramos Gilead." Jehoshaphat went and fought with Ahab. But Ahab was so cheeky that he refused to put on the robes of the king and told Jehoshaphat you put on a put on the garments of a king. So when they went to fight in you know Ramos Gillad the Syrians saw the king and they thought that was Ahab. So they come to kill the king and they were thinking that Joseph rather it was Ahab. When they reached him they saw it was not Ahab. But now when Jehoshaphat saw that they coming to kill him, he just cried to Lord, Lord have mercy upon me, he didn't have time to fast. He didn't have time to say, "Let me kneel down fast." There was no time. It was a first reaction. Lord have mercy upon me. And then the Bible says God had Jehoshaphat and he took our gospel from killing him. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. So any time you can pray to God in any kind of situation, you know, it can be maybe you are driving or you are in a taxi, you're in a motorcycle and there is an impending danger coming. What are you going to do? Would you say now there's not enough time to pray? You just cry out to the Lord there and then praise the name of our Lord. You know that's what the Bible says in Psalms 46 that the Lord is a very present help in trouble. So when trouble strikes like that, the Bible says God is already there. When the trouble is there, what do you do? Call upon him. Lord, there is this problem. Lord, there is this trouble. Lord, I'm being attacked. And then you see how the Lord can move all those things that are against you. So he says, if you are afflicted, you do what? You pray. Praise the name of our Lord. Learn to depend upon God. Learn to rely upon God in every situation that you go through in life. Whatever challenge it may be, it may be concerning your life, it may be concerning your place of work, it may be concerning where you live, it may be concerning your family, it may be concerning your desires. You know, there are some things you're trying to do and the enemy seems to fighting, blocking everything, fighting everything, hindering every move. So, what do you do? You just put it before the Lord in prayer. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. And when you pray, have faith in God because the Bible says that soever comes to God in Hebrews chapter 11 and then verse six it says, "But without faith it is impossible to please God. For who whosoever comes to God must believe that God is real and that God is the rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Diligently seek him. In other words, you are trusting in him. You are entirely depending upon him. You know, you are looking to God. My hope is not anywhere else. Lord, I'm only depending upon you. If you don't intervene in this, it is done. It is finished. Praise the name of our Lord. So you are diligently seeking him and then you have faith because you believe that the Lord can help you out of your situation. So you are not trusting anything else. You are just depending upon him. You know like that king Darius you know that night when Daniel was thrown in the lion is den he knew that the lions are very hungry. He knew that the lions Daniel is not enough for all those lions. But Darius was so diligent at night. He was so perseverant. He was desperate for Daniel. And then he was waiting on the Lord. And the Bible says there was no music in the palace. There was no singing. There was no dancing. There was no serving of alcohol. It was more of like a mournful frustration like Hannah, you know, Lord, deliver me from being barren. Lord, deliver me from this kind of condition. The same thing with any trouble you have. So, you present it to the Lord believing that the Lord will answer what you have need of. Praise the name of our Lord. And that's the way we approach God. You know, you just approach him and say, "Lord, this is the stress I'm living in. This is the condition I'm in. I've done all that I can do but I've reached my end. I've reached my limit. Praise the name of the Lord. And say, Lord, come and make a way. Come and open up. This is the heart's desire that I have. Praise the name of our Lord. Now, let us go to Mark chapter 11. Mark chapter 11 and then verse 22 the Bible says and Jesus answering says unto them have faith in God. For verily I say unto you, that whosoever shall say unto this mountain, be th removed, and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass, he shall have whatsoever he saith. Therefore, I say unto you, whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them and you shall have them. Praise the name of our Lord. He says, "Whatsoever things you desire, it doesn't limit us. Praise the name of our Lord. Your need may not be my need. Praise the name of our Lord. Your troubles may not be my troubles." So at any instance we can pray to the Lord. Your need may be Lord I need a job. But if I have a job that's not my need it's your need. Maybe my need at my job is Lord open more doors for me. Maybe I'm again doors may be too many. I say Lord the work is too much. You see that? So it keeps on changing. Sometime you say Lord I don't have even any rest at place. You know there are some places of work where you have too much work until they make you forget God. So now your need may be different. Lord I find there is a trick of Satan here. You know whereby you are getting a lot of money but spiritually you are becoming dead because also those kind of stressions. Whatever you have need of is there but the devil has bound you that you have no interest in the things of God. Then say Lord there is a trouble Satan is trying to do. There is a cancer attacking me. You know sometimes they need Lord I've got all these things but have no people who can keep them or protect them. You know there are different various needs that we go through in life. So he says whatsoever you desire when you pray believe that you receive them and you shall have them. He says, "Have faith in God." So whatever you pray, believe that you receive it. And then the Bible says, you shall have what you pray for. So when you pray, believe that God is going to give me this. Don't start testifying negatively. I don't know if I'll make it. I don't know if I'll pass. I don't know if I'll get it. You stop that kind of negative confession. like Jonah. Jonah when he was in the belly of the sheep of the fish, he said those that observe lying vanities forsake their mercies. And brother Brham says Jonah had a lot of symptoms. He was in the fish below the sea. There were so many symptoms, but he said, "I will look to the temple." Praise the name of our Lord. He didn't look at his condition. He looked at the promises of God. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. And brother Brham says that God when he met an old man like Abraham, he told him, I'm the blessed God. I'm the God with breasts. Then he said the breast of a mother, they give strength to the child. And brother Brham says that those blessed the promises of God or the breast or the milk are the promises of God which we look to. So here the Lord has told us whatsoever you desire it's a promise what is your desire and then he says ask and you shall receive seek and you shall find knock and the door shall be opened so let us not limit ourselves in prayer we have different needs we have different challenges we're going through whatever affliction we have let us make our requests known to the Lord Praise the name of our Lord. So may God bless you so much. I believe we can get time to pray and then we shall close. Let us sing a song here and each of us can get down to pray. Let me get a song here. Let us sing Psalm 38. I am thine, oh Lord. I have heard thy voice. Draw me nearer. Let us draw nearer to the Lord in our prayers. I am thine, oh Lord. I have heard thy voice and it told thy love to me. But I long to rise in the arms of faith and be closer. Draw to thee. [Music] Draw me near. near a blessed Lord to thy cross where thou has done. Draw me near [Music] a blessed Lord to thy preious bleeding sound. Oh, consecrate me now to thy servings, Lord, by the power of grace divine. Let my soul look up with a steadfast hope and my will be lost in thy draw me near Lord draw me near [Music] a blessing Lord to the cross. Where are those house down? Draw me near [Music] a blessing Lord to thy preious bleeding son. [Music] All the pure delight of a single [Music] that before thy throne I spend. [Music] When I kneel in prayer and with thee, my God, I commune as friend with friend. Draw me nearer. Draw me near. [Applause] near a blessing Lord to the cross where though I die. Draw me near a blessing Lord to thy precious bleeding sound. [Music] There are depths of love that I can not know till I cross the narrow sea. There are heights of joy that I may not reach till I resting. Peace with thee. Draw me nearer. Draw me near around near a blessed Lord to thy cross where thou has died. Draw me near a blessing Lord to thy preious bleeding sign. Each of us can speak to the Lord. Father, how we thank you, Father, that your love has drawn us nearer to you, Lord. Blessed be thy holy name, Lord, forever more. How we worship you, Lord. How we thank you, Father, for the privilege, Lord, that we can speak to you all that's in our hearts, Father, and how you desire, Lord, to know from us, Father. No wonder when you demanded job to tell your heavenly father what was in him. Lord, we are thankful father that we have the opportunity Lord to call upon your name. We have the opportunity Lord to mention Lord to bring our prayers unto you Lord to bring our petitions at you Lord to make our requests all made known unto you Lord. And now you say, "If we are afflicted, Lord, we pray unto you, Lord. A prayer of faith shall save the sick. A prayer of faith availth much. Lord, we are grateful, heavenly father, for your loving kindness, Lord, for the door you've opened for us and how we are taught by your prophet. It's an open check that whatever we desire, we just only sign our name and we receive it. Lord, may you increase our faith, heavenly father, in all our needs that we bring unto you. In all our nees that we bring unto you, that father, you may speedily give them to us, Lord, for God your mother, Lord, we lift all our burdens into your hands. We lift all our physical needs, Father. Oh God in one one another father there is a need heavenly father where your children need their own accommodation Lord and tired of renting Lord Father our mother never to open that door that each and everyone they can have their own houses they can have their own dwelling places as they wait upon you Lord. Father you are more than ever Lord. So we pray in the name of Jesus Christ that you may even open that door father. Lord we call upon your name even here in our midst. Father there is a need heavenly father for marriage. Heavenly father I pray in the name of Jesus Christ that Lord you may open that door Lord for the brother to get the right wife and for the sister to get the right husband in the name of Jesus Christ. For God your mother never heavenly father to answer everyone they need father and their need heavenly father to give birth to their own children. Lord we pray in the name of Jesus Christ that Lord you may open that need oh God and grant it Lord according the desire of your children Lord for you are more than ever heavenly father and now you have not limited us on what we should ask you but you've said Lord ask and we shall receive Lord and father Lord Jesus there's also need there heavenly father for a place of work Lord we pray heavenly father that you may open that door for that brother that sister that they have need of Lord that you may give them heavenly father that place of work according their heart's desire in the name of Jesus Christ we pray heavenly father that even Lord they need heavenly father even for those that have a place of work but they need a better salary lord we pray open that door in the name of Jesus Christ that they may receive promotion and likewise receive better reumulation and they always get better working terms in the name of Jesus Christ Lord your mother never heaven heavenly father even to answer that. So we present it at you father and then there are those heavenly father doing their own businesses lord doing their own father lord god enterprises lord doing their own activities of farming and or trading or any kind of company business father they desire that you may intervene in the situation that they are in Lord to increase their businesses Lord to increase their incomes father in the name of Jesus Christ we pray that lord you may intervene and answer the prayers of your children lord We pray even for those heavenly father their workplace oh God with many troubles Lord with many things the devil is holding back in the name of Jesus Christ. We pray that Lord you may open that heavenly father that whatever the devil is blocking may be blocking their payments may be blocking their business plans maybe blocking their progress that Lord may open it up in the name of Jesus Christ and the devil may let go may live in Jesus's name Lord that you may grant all your hearts deserve your children Lord and father they are heavenly father in many debts heavenly father that they can't help themselves Lord you are more than able to intervene even Lord Lord to solve all those debts heavenly father that force forth they may be cleared they may be paid in the name of Jesus Christ we pray may intervene in that situation Lord and make a heavenly father we call upon your name heavenly father interceding for one another heavenly father according to their afflictions Lord according to their troubles Lord according to their hardships oh God for God your mother never Lord even to come down and clear that to come down and make way for that even where there seems seems to be nowhere in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord we pray heavenly father with the number of needs heavenly father for good health lord under the afflictions of any form of sickness Lord we call upon your holy name that you may come and heal everyone from all their afflictions from all their diseases for God you are more than ever Lord you didn't limit us to pray you didn't limit us to ask what we have need of so we pray and call upon your name and as you said in your word by the stripes of Jesus Christ we were healed Lord so we pray for the healing of all your children. We pray for the healing heavenly father, Lord Jesus, in the name of Jesus Christ of a number of our brothers and sisters who are not able to come to church today, but held up in different afflictions, held up in different sicknesses, held up in different body weaknesses, that Lord, you may intervene and make them whole according to your divine will and purpose. Oh God, heal heavenly father all diseases, Lord, for you are more than ever, Lord God. So we call upon your name. You may intervene heavenly father to restore the good health of all your children and to make them whole according to divine will and purpose in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord we call upon the Lord lifting our sister Harriet into your hands. She may completely touch her father and how she always desires to be in the presence of God into fellowships on Sundays and Wednesdays and all the time when the church is open but how the devil holds her back in the name of Jesus Christ rebuke the evil and Satan that's holding her back in the name of Jesus Christ praying for your healing to touch reach her father even praying for brother George Emma John Lord lifting him with your hands father with all those continuous afflictions of the body Lord may you touch him and make him In the name of Jesus Christ that your grace may reach and touch him and make more whole in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Praying for our brother Ro heavenly father in a continuous state of father bad health. Lord we pray may reach out and make him whole and heal him of all kind of sicknesses and all afflictions that Lord may give him strength, joy and comfort Lord and restore him back to good health in the name of Jesus Christ. We also remember our brother George Lord lifting him into your hands praying that your grace may reach unto him father in that afflictions of cancer Lord that may completely make him whole and deliver him father restore his good health. Heavenly father you are the healer of all diseases Lord. So we call upon your name that father you may reach and make him whole and deliver him from all afflictions oh God from all things the devil is putting upon his health Lord that you may restore his health in the name of Jesus Christ and father you may give him grace to be in position to raise his family according to divine will and purpose in the name of Jesus Christ. We are praying father for our sister Mary Lord God and lifting her into your hands that you may deliver from all that cancer and make her whole in the name of Jesus Christ. Praying that your grace may come and touch her and make her whole in the name of Jesus Christ. We are praying heavenly father Lord Jesus Christ for sister lifting her into your hands that father you may touch her back and make her whole in the name of Jesus Christ and whatever affliction she's going through Lord you may touch her you may heal her Lord and resto back the good health in the name of Jesus Christ we're praying for brother Freddy M that also may touch him Lord and heal him of all that hypertension Lord and diabetes to make him whole and father health Lord in the name of Jesus Christ that you may also grant him a good old age in the name of Jesus Christ and good health Lord even in the services of the Lord. We lift our pastor into your hands and commit him into your hands. Praying that you may touch his body Lord and deliver him Lord Jesus Christ from affliction of diabetes and all kind of body weaknesses Lord that you may restore unto him his good health in the name of Jesus Christ and continually use him more for your services Lord according as you promised Lord committing his life endurance your grace and your mercies to renew his strength and to anoint him more for the work of the kingdom and for the services of the Lord. We are praying even heavenly father for his wife our sister Lord lifting her into your hands that father you may touch her back and touch her body and restore her father to make her in the name of Jesus Christ that lord you may grant her good health and strength even Lord for the services of the lord in the name of Jesus Christ we lift our sister heavenly father juria to jo into your hands lifting her into your hands praying that you may also touch her back and her body in the name of Jesus Christ that you may make her whole according to your divine will and purpose for God you more than ever. Heavenly Father, there's no affliction. Lord, you cannot reach. There's no affliction you cannot stretch your hand to to make all heavenly father and deliver and set free all those and affliction. Lord, we lift all our burdens, all our needs on your hands. How you say cast all your cares unto the Lord for you do care. Heavenly Father, we honestly look at you, Lord. We glorify holy name. We lift all our needs into us. You lift all those that are under an affliction, any torment, any sickness, any oh God fear in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord may you touch them. Lord may you heal them. Lord may you grant the hearts desire of all your children. How we want [Music] blessing [Music] us. Thank you. Heal us Lord. Make us Lord Lord. We look at your heavenly father and Lord we lift even the burdens of the needs of all your children. Even those who are at home or different areas who watching online or praying father we pray may grant their hearts desire. Answer their prayers Lord. Hear all the cry for your children Lord and answer us speedly. We are believing in you Lord. We are trusting in you Lord. even lifting or god those mission outreach meetings tomorrow your hands praying that you may be gracious Lord and bless your children anoint all the ministers who are moving out to minister that Lord you may touch them heal them Lord make them whole Lord that father your grace may be upon all your ministers your grace may be upon all your children for the glory and honor of your holy name how we thank thee father how we worship you Lord how we glorify your holy name how we back in your holy name. Use us all in the way that's pleasing unto you. Even to draw many souls into your fold as many as you've ordained to eternal life. We thank thee father. We glorify your holy name. And father we thank you for this service Lord. the grace you gave to us to come here Lord and Father even as we've come the end of this service we are praying father as you brought us safely Lord may you grant us traveling mercies each and every one of us that we may be in position to go back home and lead us all safely and again as we come back on Sunday may you speak to us may you reveal yourself to us may you manifest yourself to us we love you we thank you and we honor you Lord may the peace of God be with us to guide us and direct us for the glory and honor of your name. We thank and bless you Lord. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray and ask this. Amen. God bless you so much. We've come the end of the service. [Music] On Sunday, we have two services. We have even the Lord's supper. So, you come prepared. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us sing this song as we go out. Amen. I heard an old old story. How our savior came from glory. How he gave his life on Calvary to save a rich like me. I heard about his groaning of his precious blood at Then I repented of my sin and won the victory. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and bought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me and I knew him and all my love is due. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flower. I heard about his healing of his cleansing powering, how he made the lame to walk again and cause the blind to see. And then I cried, "Dear Jesus, come and heal my broken spirit." And somehow Jesus came and brought to me the victory. Oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and bought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me and I knew him and all my love is. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing cloud. I heard about a manion he has built for me in glory. And I heard about the streets of God beyond the crystal sea, about the angels singing. And now all redemption story. And some sweet day I'll sing up there the song of victory. Hallelujah. for victory in Jesus my savior forever. He bought me and bought me with his redee. [Music]
