################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-08-20 - 23-0820 Trophies of His Grace Pt-2  Bro Busobozi Talemwa  DVF Sunday Morning Service - Busobozi Talemwa.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-08-20
Title:   23-0820 Trophies of His Grace Pt-2 || Bro Busobozi Talemwa || DVF Sunday Morning Service
Speaker: Busobozi Talemwa
Church:  Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYvJwggckMA
========================================

And uh we're doing Romans chapter 3 vers 23. I was supposed to preach this on on on Wednesday but I didn't go through through it all. So I thought I should just uh with everybody here just go through this again. So we are speaking on trophies of his grace. Uh no boasting. Okay, it's not one word but if you want to make it one sentence that's all right. But in brackets you can say no boasting verses. We are beginning from verses 23 to 28. sixth chapter chapter 3 rather of Romans. Um vers 23. Are we all there? If you're there, say amen. Okay. Okay. We are going to read. Let us first pray. Loving Jesus, we ask your inspiration now as we go into your word. Let your spirit cover us. Fill us with your presence. And by the end of this service, we be sin. May you be sin and we disappear. Father Lord, I'm going to speak to your children, but I realize I'm not worthy, Lord. So come and take me out of the way and use these lips of mine to speak. Words of eternal life. Words which can change destiny. Words which can encourage them. Whatever it is that the enemy has desired to do in the people's life, bring us a deliverance by your word in Jesus name. Amen. For all have sinned and have come short of glor of the glory of God. Okay. being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus, whom God has set forth to be a prop a propitiation through faith in in his blood to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are passed through the forbearance of God. [Music] to declare I say at this time his righteousness that he might be just and a justifier of him which believeth in Jesus. So where is boasting then is excluded? By what law? Of works? Nay, but by the law of faith. Therefore, we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law. So we have a lot of students back from school in so God bless you all. I won't mention names because I might I might leave out someone and they might say that I do not recognize them. But uh [Music] nice to be with you today and um it's our visitors who are visiting us. I saw sister Kajumba. I think you've come with your friend. God bless you. You're welcome. Uh we have here no law but love, no book but the Bible, no membership but fellowship. The blood of Jesus Christ washes us from all sin. Uh I forgot your name. Your name I remember the words but it's difficult to mention. I will not try it. I'll mess it up. But you're welcome. God bless you. He's another student from the aviation college and uh he's been I think he's Are you from South Africa? Yes. uh he's been in some of our meetings there. So they came uh with uh sister favor this morning. So this morning I'd like to speak on the subject I've told you of but I've already spoken about this here in church in in the previous services. So I hope that today I will hit notes that I did not hit and we will see what the Lord has for you this morning. So just in case you are new here and you don't know how we take things. I don't I'm not a very long preacher but some what is sure to us some to some it is very long. You know, we usually speak for about an hour and a half or so, but usually I do 1 hour. I pray that you just stay put and uh let us um together be bound together and see what the Holy Spirit will speak to us. Try to avoid movement as much as possible. Amen. So, I'm speaking on trophies this morning. We we saw what a trophy is. A trophy is um we defined it as a could be a gift for a victory or success. And then we also defined it in then in the ancient times the Greece uh the Greeks and the Romans when they would go to attack an army, [Music] you know, and then that army was defeated. So, as a re as a show of their victory, [Music] they would set up the things the ruins from the war. Whatever those people gave up because they were worn, it could be swords, shields, spears. Today you can say guns or grenades and things, spoils of war and especially those that they were using to fight them with. weapons. So they would take those weapons and they would array them in a place and and in that place they would uh uh use those weapons as a show and a remembrance a memorial of their victory. Well, that over there is a cut. You don't know it. Let it not distract your attention to the word. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Brother Biscal was preaching one day in Canada and a cat came in the church. So walked through and then he told the people everybody started looking back. So he told them it's a cat and every one of them felt embarrassed that they left the word in preference for a cat. So the devil has a way of taking your attention from the word. But can we focus here church? So now you will take those memorials of victory over a defeated army and they would arrange it in a place and everybody would know that this army has defeated the other army. So those weapons would be called trophies. Trophies of victory. trophies that they have won that show that they have won the victory. Anybody that had such a trophy, it shows he's a victor. It shows he has he has won the battle. Praise the name of the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. And so we also notice that it could be a prize. Now, if we had two people here, I love demonstrating, but I will not demonstrate that to you. Picked up two people and we told them fight. The one who wins will get a gift of this man. Even a calm person, you will see them stretching themselves to fight. will hit you and you will beat him but after he has tried in order to get the trophy. So trophies are precious things but here when it comes to salvation there is one who fought the battle. So we spoke about the battle that we are fighting and this battle is not really ours. The battle we are fighting on earth, the battle of sin is started really in heaven. That's where Satan fought against God. Bible says Lucifer had his u his angels and also Michael had his angels and the the battle line was drawn. They started fighting and fold and fold. But that's Lucifer the dragon was defeated and he was cast down here on earth and all his angels today we call them demons and we call Lucifer Satan. But you know Jesus after winning that battle he did not have any trophy to show for it. So when he the devil came down, he thought he will come and destroy the creation of God. But you see, like I told you, God had a plan. God was looking for a trophy to show for his victory, whereby he can boast of grace, whereby he can boast of victory. Can I have more sound on my monitor? I just straight my voice. And so the devil came down in the garden and he defeated um he defeated Adam and Eve. And after they were defeated, the devil thought I have won. The victory. The devil for the first time sang a song. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today. I tell God today I have won the victory. Victory today dominion is mine. Power is mine. And when Jesus came down on earth, Jesus reminded the devil reminded Satans. The devil reminded Jesus. You remember you see all the earth and the fullness thereof. It is mine and I give it to whoever I desire. So bow down and worship him and I'll give it all to you. He knew he thought it was his. But the one he was speaking to was the one who had come to possess it back. And I say he possesses it back. He would be able to arrange trophies of his victory. But there's one thing he would use to possess back everything the devil stole. That thing is called grace. He came with one commodity called grace. Can you imagine God defeating the devil using grace? because the devil knew what God said in his word. The soul that sins [Music] that soul shall die. So the devil knew under no circumstance will God forgive Adam? Will God forgive Eve? Because they have sinned the way I sinned. when I was in heaven because I remember when I sinned and all my life Satan knew but his knowledge It sloped only, unmmerited favor, something you receive when you are not worthy of it. For Satan to think that God can take back Adam, it was impossible. But that is exactly what God had come to do. He had come to take back Adam on the basis of what Adam did. Right? Are you following me? He came to take back Adam because Adam was a good man. He came back to take Adam because Adam was very holy. Am I preaching to someone here? Was Adam a sinner? Had he fallen from God's grace? He had fallen from the first estate. There was nothing good on him. When God looked at him, everything in the written books was excluding him. As far as what he did, she was a sinner that that deserved death. But when God came down, he came to took back to take back Adam on the basis of God's grace. when Adam did not deserve it. And so God decided to take him back. And that was not all. After taking back Adam, of course, you cannot say he has taken back Adam and all his estate without defeating the enemy of Adam. I I'll take it a little bit slow here. This is where because this is the major point. Hear me now. Hear me. For Adam to come back in the good graces of God. He had to fight this battle of sin and overcome it. But the penalty of sin was death. And if you die a sinner, you are a sinner where you have gone. Death doesn't change a man. It only changes his dwelling place. So now if Adam was to die as a sinner, there was no more hope. It was done and the devil thought that is how it is going to be. So the devil knew Adam could never win this battle. So that's why the devil was so happy. He knew he had won. But when the devil thinks he has won, that is when God does come down. Let me tell you even in your life personally if you are a son of God if you're a daughter of God when the devil thinks he has won in your life that is the moment God is about to do something. Remember Samson? Remember this man here? What was his name? The Samson I believe it was Samson that moment when they had made him play sport for them. They had made him a display a trophy of the devil's victory and they were laughing all over the place. That is the moment where they had thought they have completely won him. God was fixing to do something. Why? Because the seed of God in a child of God does not die. Amen. You can do a lot of bad things in your flesh. The devil can use your mind to think evil things. And I tell you, if you're a seed jam of God, Amen. you can never completely perish away, you have to come out of the ground where the devil's buried you. I'm talking about the ground of sin. Amen. The tombs of sin, the tombs of immorality, the tombs of the desires of the flesh, the pride of life, and all that is in the world. The devil buried us there and he thought that we were completely defeated. But let me tell you what happens to a seed. When you plant a seed, a seed germinate. When the devil us know we were a seed and we cannot die to remain dead. When we die, We resurrect because we are sick. There is that seed jam of God in our soul. And the Bible says we cannot sin. Meaning we shall always believe when the word let me let me tell you this. When seed meets seed, the word of God is a seed. And in your soul there is also a seed. When seed meets seed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Because the seed comes in form of light and the seed in your soul needs the light and also the seed comes in form of the water. So the seed in your heart is both light and water. And now I can say the seed is shining on you. This word is shining on you when you were dead in your sin and your trespasses. Amen. He shined his great light and the devil could not hold you. Sin could not hold you. And some of you who are still in them, I am here as a servant of God give you a declaration. If you are a seed of God, you cannot be buried there for him. You have to come out. As long as you hear the right truth, the right word of the hour, it will quicken your soul and you will resurrect. Samson was almost gone. And at that moment when the devil thought he had won, God was fixing to do. God came down. You know, it only takes a seat to realize who they are. As long as Samson li down there, I was like, I'm defeated. Sincerely, last one. I think it will never go. It is very hard. It is very difficult. How can I even overcome it? I did not even go to church. I'm defeated. No, I'm a thief. And you think you are that? I'm a very bad person. I also know myself and I fear myself. How many of you fear yourselves? I fear myself. When I see my actions, I fear myself. I even wonder am I the one who has done it? When I feel the pastor preaching, I say my it is good pastor but me I fear myself. It seems these things cannot work on me. The pastor doesn't understand what he's saying. I know myself and I fear myself. That is how Samson works down there. But one morning when he rose up, he came to himself, he said, "No, I'm a son of God. I was born for a purpose. I'm here to defeat the Philistines. I'm here to cut off the heads of the Philistines. I'm here to defeat the devil. I am here for a purpose. I'm here to overcome lust. I'm here to overcome immorality. I'm here to overcome the pride of life. I am here to live as a son and as a daughter of God. I am not a trophy. I am not a trophy of the devil's victory. I am a trophy of God's victory. I am a trophy of grace. I don't deserve it. I know that this woman has taken me away from God. I I don't deserve the love of God that I know that is grace and I want to say it has come to my senses I am a trophy of God's grace the moment you come to that moment the devil thinks he has won the moment you know who you are that is the moment the devil will realize who is a champion hallelujah Amen. Amen. The devil will realize that Jesus Christ is a champion in your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I tell you what, we are we are we are trophies of his grace. Tell two people you are trophy of his grace. At that moment, oh listen, don't you worry about the excitement. If it doesn't happen, I can't preach. If the word doesn't do that, then I don't know what the word can do. If the word makes people run crazy, it's a proof it can make sinners get sick. Are you hearing me? Hallelujah. Amen. What makes us running crazy is not football. It is the word. What makes us run crazy is not football. It is the word. Hallelujah. We are trophies of his grace. I said we are trophies of his grace. Samson at that moment. He realized now I know who I am. And the devil is not going to play around with me. The devil is not going to make me feel I am what I know I am not. And at that moment, he called a little boy. He said, "Come on, little boy. Show me the pillars. I was born. He killed a filister. If I have to die, I am going to die right in my purpose. Paul said, "For me to live is Christ. To die is gain." If you're going to live, live for Jesus. If you're going to die, die for Jesus. Die for a right cause. Die for a right purpose. why you were born. And Samson at that moment he he went and pulled up the he got his hands on the on the Peters and he began pulling they began laughing at him or else they if they knew. If only they had known they would have taken him from those spirits. Hallelujah. If only the devil had known. he would have taken me away from the word. But now that the devil did not hinder me from hearing the word, he did the biggest mistake ever. The biggest mistake is for the devil to let you hear the word. Because when you hear the word, the word must accomplish. the purpose why it is sent. [Applause] That is the biggest mistake the devil has made to let you come here. Amen. That is the only mistake. That is why he fought so much that he don't come under the word. But even tonight, he has fought you not to come to church. But because you're here, he has allowed you to come. That is the mistake he has made. As long as you are here, you the word must bring forth that nature of Christ out. Samson began pulling. It may take a while, but it must happen. Hallelujah. Started pushing. pulling on that pillar and in a moment everything started breaking away. Where there is God where there is grace where there is God there must be a shaking. I will show you that in a moment. And so here the scripture clearly now tells us that God has justified us freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus. So the the devil thought we are going to fight him. He did not know that was not the design. You have to help me to preach this to you. It's like I'm walking on water right now. The anointing of the world that is upon me right now. Listen. Listen carefully. The devil thought that we are going to fight him. Have you ever thought about that scenario whereby your enemy thinks you're going to fight him? Especially these children who are bullied at school. And then your bully waits for you. And then he thinks you're going to fight him. And then you plan on a day. Let us meet here. Let us fight. And then on that day, you go to meet there and your enemy prepares. Your bully prepares. This one I'll just eat him with one finger and before they know it, your big brother is the one showing up. [Music] It will be the worst day for your enemy. Your brother will beat him until all the teeth is out. That is exactly what happened. Jesus is our big brother. The Bible says he is the beginning of the creation of God and we are sons like him. Are you following me? Are you following me sisters? We are sons like Jesus was a son. And when he came down in the ring of sin, who was our enemy? Satan. What were we fighting? Sin. Who was supposed to fight? Me versus Satan. And the devil came in the ring fast. He waited for me to jump in, but I did not. Grace took over. Hallelujah. Someone else, my brother, my big brother, we have the same DNA. He came in the ring for me. He took my place. The Bible says that he took he become sin that we Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. we might become the righteousness of God. He became sin. He took the place that I was supposed to take in that ring game. He jumped in. When did he do that? When he was on the cross, when he went to that place, he took my place and the devil in this other man was speaking to him, bullying him. Save yourself and save us. If they say you are who you are, he didn't have to do anything or to say anything to him. He did not come to speak. When someone is a good fighter, he doesn't talk much. Empty tins make noise. But when Jesus came, he didn't come to make noise. He came. He came to do something. That is why for me to be saved. I don't have to do anything. Some of you didn't get that, did you? He came to do something that I may be a beneficiary of his action. And when he came and he he was killed there, he was beaten. He was pierced on the side. All those were actions that were bing me. Where did the wife of Adam come from? From the rib, the side of Adam. As much as he's our brother, he's also our husband. Speaking of Jesus Christ, When they pierced his side, there came out blood and water. What was that? We are saved by blood and water. The blood and the water is his word. When it came out that bust another Eve, another woman. The first Eve fell, but the second Eve will never fall. Hallelujah. The things I'm speaking to you this morning, I'm receiving it direct from him. And I want you to hear carefully. The second Eve cannot fall. Why? She's mad not of the flesh, but of the spirit. The life that went out of him through his blood and water was applied upon us and it is called grace. whereby you do not deserve it. You are a sinner. But here comes somebody and he comes into the ring and he hits the devil. He gave him one knock out. One knock out and Satan passed out. The prophet says Satan has no stinger. You know like a bee a bee can only bite you or or or how do they call it? Stingy once after that death. So the sting remains in you. Jesus on the cross was stung by Satan and that stinger remained in him. And Satan is a blast. He has no power to take anyone to hell. He has no victory. But because Jesus was more than a man when he died, certain thought, I have finished here. I hit him on the cross real good. He's going to die. But before the devil knew it, the same Jesus showed up in hell. He showed up in hell. And when he showed up in here, he came there to make sure he enforces the victory. He is not only a redeemer. He's also our kinsman enforcer. To enforce everything the word has said. Are you hearing me now? To enforce every promise. And when he went down to hell, he gave him another knock cut blow. You know, brother Bham dramatizes that. And he says when he went to hell, he knocked the gate of hell. And Lucifer was surprised. He said, but who is that? Everyone is here. So he did a roll call of all the demons in hell. All of them were present. Demon of lust present. Fornication present. Adultery present. What about the demons of lies? Present. Murder. Envy present. Witchcraft. [Music] Rumor mongering present. All the demons were there. So the devil was surprised. Which other demon is this one? This was not a demon. This was the creator of all. He that was on the ring. He that was on the cross come down. Oh. Hallelujah. If you love watching those kind of the kickboxing games, you know, brother Bam was a he like kickboxing. And so if you watch those games sometimes, there are these people who are so ruthless. They will kick you, box you, box you in the ring. And when they will box you and sometimes they throw you out of the ring. They follow you there. They play in the game and out of the game. When it comes to Satan, Jesus is ruthless. He's ruthless. He knew what he was doing. He kicked him on the cross in the ring and he followed him even to hell. And when he reached there, knocking on the gates of hell, where do you get these things from where the Bible says he was in in in hell in prison? When he died, where do you think Jesus was? He was right there in hell and he knocked on the doors and the door swung the the devil was like there behind the door, you know, uh shaking and Jesus banged the door and he swung open and the devil was almost wetting his pants if at all he had any. and right there. So, you are the one. Jesus said, "Yes, I'm the one." What did he mean? In the book of Genesis, the Bible says, "The seed of the serpent will breathe the heel of the seed of the woman, the heel. And the seed of the s of the woman will breathe the s. the seed of the serp the serpent. Jesus in prophecy was the seed of the woman. Meaning a a child born by a woman without a man. Jesus was born by Mary without the help of Joseph. Jesus was not the seed of Joseph. He was the seed of God through the woman only. And when he came down, he came to fulfill that prophecy. And right there in hell, you saw you are the one. Say, "Yes, I'm the one." I thought when I killed Moses, I had you. I thought when I killed Adam, I had I feel when I killed all the prophets, I had you. I I thought when I had so and so, I had you. I thought when I I finished Job, I had you. All of the prophets did not come to the glory of God. They died having not attained. So the devil thought he had him. that one promised when he killed all the others. But Jesus said, wait a moment. Remember that when Jesus was on earth, the devil saw him and he wondered whether he was the sea or not. So many times he would ask him especially one time he asked him if you are the son of God do this if you are the son. So he was not too sure could he be the one or because if he's the one my kingdom is going to fall so I have to make sure I finish him. This is was a battle going on. What am I trying to do? I'm trying to show you the real battle has already happened. You don't have to fight no nothing. You are a trophy. So Lucifer Lucifer was trying to wonder whether he was the one and fully he got to learn maybe is the one. So I have to finish him. So he finished him on the cross. But that was the biggest mistake he did because after that Jesus followed him right there. And when Jesus arrived in hell, he did not go for negotiations. Sister peace, Jesus does not negotiate with terrorists. Satan is a terrorist. How many of you here have been terrorized by the devil in your private lives? He terrorizes your mind. Some people even get depression. Some people feel like, "Oh, I want to die." In this generation, the devil is terrorizing people's minds. Oh, the devil is a terrorist. And I'm here to announce to you Jesus does not negotiate with terrorists right there in hell. He did not negotiate with the devil. He said, "Are you the one? Please, can we have an understanding? Can we discuss if there is nothing to talk about? Give me the keys. He kicked him. He gave him a knock. And he took the keys. The keys of hell of death, of the grave. Satan has no authority. The keys of salvation. Jesus gave them to Peter when he was 12. So tell me, which keys does the Southern? He has no keys on your life. I'm angry with the devil today. And I'm here to tell you, church, because the devil did that, Jesus did not negotiate with him. He went to win. Jesus is here today to win in your life. Yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's here to win in my life. He cannot go through all this. Jesus cannot go through all this for nothing. He went through it. He suffered. He died. He fought with the devil in his mind. He fought and fought he struggled with him until finally. Hallelujah. He rose again. He rose from the grave. Why did he rise? It was a sign that he has defeated death, hell, the grave and all the power of darkness. [Music] Jesus has already defeated anything you are fighting. Whatever you are fighting, whatever your demons are, he fought it and over it and that's why he rose again. If this is not true, he should have not rose again. Everybody was waiting. Will he come out? Will he come out? The Romans, they even sent men to God. the guarding arrived. The Bible says there came a mighty light. Oh, glory to God. And the stone with a seal there. They broke open and the stone was rolled away by a great mighty angel. There came out light. Hallelujah. Oh, this is a very emotional moment. And at that moment, the King of Kings, the Lord of Lords, the Master, the Victor, the mighty in battle, the Lord of hosts. I say, he stepped out in his glory. He stepped out. He stepped out. I'm here to announce to you Jesus rose again from the grave. There is no grave can hide any of those that believe in Jesus. No grave of sin, no grave of pornography. You young men, no grave of immorality can hold you anymore. When the light of the word shines, hallelujah. Hallelujah. You must come out of grace. Hear me. When Jesus rose, he has nothing to show for it. But what was the first place he went to? the room where his disciples work in fear. Why did he go there? That's the reason why he died and rose. The disciples I'm a disciple. You can say that too. I'm a disciple. I'm a disciple. I am a follower of Jesus. I am the reason. I am the reason. The only thing the devil that that Jesus has to show for his victory is me. I am the trophy. I am the trophy of his grace. What did I do? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Hallelujah. Nothing but the blood. Not my works of righteousness. Some sometimes we think the things we do can make us attain salvation. And sometimes we think that what we do doesn't matter. Because those thoughts prove you don't know what grace is. But grace will make you understand. It is not what you did. It is not what you are doing. It is not what you will do that can make him make you a trophy. It is what he did. And when you realize who you are, you can't be the same anymore. They were in fear, shaking. Day he came. The day he came, he ate with them. He sapped with them. They saw him. Thomas said, "I want to be sure. I want to touch. Feel here." said here I am Thomas if you want to know him personally better than others in a deeper way you can you can he said Thomas it's all right you can touch me you are the one he revealed himself to the disciples and after this happened the the ones who were shaky the one who were fearful they began singing a different song I'm no longer fear [Music] from that moment they realized I am no longer a slave to sin I [Music] The things they used to do, they could do them no more. They could no longer shake, no longer fear. They no longer go back to that. They have had one commission to go and tell why near and far that Jesus rose again. There were trophies who had to be displayed. the life and the nature of Christ was supposed to be revealed through them. That's what grace is. Victory. He rose with victory. He rose with victory. The realization that he fought my battle. Praise the Lord. That that revelation is the only thing I need. Acts 16:23. If you can turn there with me. Praise the Lord. And when they had laid many stripes upon them, they cast them into prison, charging the jailer to keep them safely. Yeah, that's okay. These are the same people that met Jesus when he rose again. So when they had laid many stripes upon them, they caught them and they took them to jail. And so they had beaten them and they told the jailer, "Keep them safe." Who, having received such a charge, thrust them into the inner prison. and made their feet fast in the stalks. These people were cast not only in a prison but in the inner prison. Listen listen please listen carefully. These are not just stories. We are reading this for our example which means we are going through the same same thing. When the devil realizes who you are, his number one purpose is to cast you into a prison. Not just a prison, but an an inner prison in a prison. Let me tell you this. This this Saturn is already defeated, but is a bluff. It's just like those of you who have grown or who grew up in villages. You knew that if you are growing some crops, there are some animals who which come and eat them birds and others. So you make some kind of scarecrow that will hinder those birds to eat them. And so what happens? The birds come and fly away. Monkeys come and run away because they think that's a real person. That's what the devil has done to many of us from the m from the day of the cross. This is what the devil is doing, scaring us. He's a he's a scarecrow. He's a bluff. So here he's taking these disciples and he took them and cast them into prison. Not just a prison like everybody but an inner prison. When you when you come to the knowledge of grace and you accept Christ as your savior, you believe the message of that day, the devil will begin to fight you differently. You will realize you're fighting battles you had never fought before. You you realize it's harder now. And then sometimes you will wonder why do I have to suffer? Why do I struggle? Listen, you're just in a prison. The devil imprisons your mind. The devil imprisons your body and to make you think out of the contents the contents of the word to make you think you are not free. make you think that you cannot you know express yourself if you are in Christ. I've met people who have been in prison in deep prisons where even when they want to come out they feel they can't. And there is no prison like the prison of lust and sin. We even sing a song. Brother, if you can give us that song, I don't remember this, but it says if men today, oh my, let's quickly get that song. I I want to sing it. Brother, you have you know the title. Yeah. When Jesus comes quickly, give us that song. Let the people see these words. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Have you got the words, brother Marvin? If you have the words, it says when Jesus comes, the tempter's power is broken. When Jesus comes, the tears are wiped away. He takes the gloom and fills the life with glory. For all is changed when Jesus comes to stay. And then he says, there was one that sat alone beside on the highway. He was begging. His eyes were blind. The light he could not see. He clashed his rags and shivered in the shadows. Then Jesus came and he beg the darkness to flee from home and friends. The evil spirits drove him among the tombs and dwelt in misery. He cut himself as demon powers possessed him. Then Jesus came and he set the captives unclean uncle and clean. The leer cried in torment. The death, the dumb in helplessness, the fever raged disease and had gripped its victim. Then Jesus came and he cast out every fear. So men today, oh I love this one. Men today, they have found we have found. I have found the savior able. I could not conquer. Passion, passion, lust, sin, their broken hearts. My broken heart. Why are they broken? Because you want to conquer this. But there is nothing in you to conquer. and you in prison. They go to church and still in prison. They pray but still in prison. They read the Bible but still in prison. They preach but still in prison. Let me tell you, it knows no bounds. Prison. That's what the devil desires to take us and captivate us and put us in a prison. prison of passion, lust and fear. So they have broken hearts. They had left them sad and lonely. That's what the devil does. The moment he comes and begins to tempt you with these things and then you become a victim. The next thing is you become sad. You become lonely. There is one thing sin will do. Sin will always bring sad sadness and loneliness. And that's why the people that engage into these things, they often want to get some something to soothe their spirit. You know, they want to get some alcohol and be happy. The moment alcohol wears off then they are sad again to get some smoke. They want to get some weed or they want to get some you know marijuana whatever you call it you know so that they can soo theirirel and be happy. The moment it wears off they become sad again they become depressed. They become lonely. It is a prison. But here the song says, "Amen." It had left them sad and lonely. Some of those were asked, but these are the gamechanging words here. Then Jesus came. Tell two people. Then Jesus came. Then Jesus came. Then Jesus came. and he dwelt himself within. When Jesus comes, he comes to dwell inside. He comes to dwell in in my life, in my soul. Praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my God. So they were thrust into the inner prison and were made they made their feet fast in the stalks. So they were there prison prisoners, prisoners of sin in the sensei. But friend, don't you worry. You are not here to prove how powerful you are. You are here to prove how powerful your savior is. Hallelujah. All my life I've gone through things but everything I've gone through you know even as a young person I became saved at 13 around as I grew up going through you know the you know the trials of life and I would always tell myself you can make it you are greater than you know I always ask myself what is that desire in my heart for holiness, for righteousness, for more of God. Hallelujah. Come on, brother Peter. What is that in me that was not my own abilities? It was something in me, desiring for something greater. You might be here today. It doesn't matter how you are. You don't need to be a hypocrite. I'm preaching this to tell you, you don't need to be a hypocrite. I don't need to be a pastor of hypocrites. Because hypocrite will not go to heaven. You don't need to be a hypocrite. You need to admit and say, "Lord, I'm struggling with this. I can't do it on my own. He knows you can't do it on your own. That's why he sent Jesus. That's why he sent this message on the earth. While God sent William Branham, the prophet of our generation, he didn't come to bring another religion. He came to bring a message which will take us back to our relationship with Jesus Christ. So when if you're struggling Come to that place where you know I know my redeemer. But the problem we have many Christians are hypocrites. How are you? I'm fine. But you know what you're [Music] a sinner. [Music] You know you need deliverance. You know you need to press further deeper in Christ. You know you need the Holy Spirit. But the devil makes you comfortable in your prison. Listen to me. Admit you in a prison. No you are in a prison. But also know you are not alone. Know that you have a redeemer. Know that you are a trophy of grace, not your works, grace. He that Hallelujah. He that fought a battle on the cross and won that battle can actually take you out of that prison without you having to do anything. So what must I do? Let us follow the scripture. So they had they were in an inner prison. And at midnight, Paul and Silas prayed. Point number one, pray. If you are hurting, pray. If you are confused, pray. Pray in every situation. If you are in temptation, pray. If you have sinned, pray. If you feel bad, pray. If you're depressed, pray. If your mind is losing it, pray. Pray sincerely. Pray with all your heart. Don't say prayers. Pray in the spirit. Pray in the spirit. Pray deeply. Enter into the revelations. I spoke about prayer last Friday. You can pray until visions begin to bust in your sight. You begin to see yourself a well man. You begin to see yourself delivered. You begin to see yourself above and beyond your problem. You begin to see yourself victorious. Then you begin to pray as a victorious man or woman. Prayer is a weapon. is the greatest weapon God has ever blessed in the human prayer. Paul and Silas, they prayed, they prayed and sang a praises. Hallelujah. If you pray and you hear the word and you don't sing praises, you will never be delivered. There was a man called Saul. He was a child of God. But evil spirits came onto repeatedly, spirits of depression and oppression. But the solution was they were supposed to find a man who was gifted to play a stringed instrument. And as he was playing, the demons will begin to live one by one. One by one. There is power. Power in the blood of the lamb. Let me tell you, there is something that praise does. Don't think it's about the dance. It's more than the dance. If you praise and you dance and you jump and you leap and you clap your hands, what is that? It's welcoming your victory. This is biblical. It's many places in the Bible. When the children of Israel came to take Jericho, God told them, "All you need to do is to shout and go around the general. Shout. Shouting. Shout and go around the walls of shout." What is shouting? The the reason the the the reason behind what you're doing As you shout, as you rejoice, as you dance, you do it not cannally but in the spirit. Victory comes back and God will take you out of your prison. Some people come in the church and they only hear when the preacher finishes, amen, they go. That's why it is difficult for you to come to your victory. Stay. Get into the praise. Get into the worship. Let the let the spirit of God so while you worship him and you praise him. You are being delivered. Spirits are leaving. The time I've seen in most of the services I've ever been in, people being delivered, it's either when the word is going on mostly after the word has been preached and the people are praising or worshiping God. That's when victory comes. So they were praying and singing praise unto God and the prisoners heard them and suddenly suddenly when God is going to show up he come and announce just do the right thing. He will show up suddenly in your situation. in your prison, he must show up. He must come and take you out of your prison. If you praise him and worship him the right way, even if your marriage is in shambles, [Music] praise and worship him, pray, he will show up. Suddenly there was a great earthquake so that the foundations of the prison were sh It doesn't sound like quiet church that God came in quietness that nobody even heard him as we were in those religions sit and sat down we in God's house to do this and that shout fall be stable. Even when you're praying, pray in your heart. That is what the religion says. But this is not what I see here when he came down suddenly. The Bible says the very the very foundations of the prison were shaken. Shaken. Imagine if there was a spirit on you. The Bible says the very foundations of that spirit begin to shake. That is why many times when people are being delivered from things many times you find them jumping up and falling many times. Yeah. Sometimes it's just an influence of the Holy Ghost and you know you're just someone is just drunk. But sometimes it is people being delivered from spirits. Spirit the Holy Spirit comes on you and it shakes the very foundations of that prison to the extent that you fall down without anyone touching you. What is that? The very foundations of the prison they were shaken and immediately all the doors were open and everyone was burned. Hallelujah. When the spirit of God came down, why did he come down? Because there was a trophy there. Hallelujah. If this is yours, brother. Hallelujah. The Bible on your phone and someone takes it from you and gives it to another. What do you do, brother? You just sit and leave it there. What do you do? Tell us or show us what you should do. Come on now. Or else your phone is gone forever. Give me my Bible. The Bible is mine. The phone is not mine. The devil takes what belongs to you and takes it away from you. Do you just sit and relax? So show us what you do then. Come on. God bless you. That's what you do. You pos, you repossess what belongs to you. It is yours. The moment you receive the Holy Spirit. You are no longer of your own. You are his. You are his trophy. You are the proof of his victory. You are the proof of his grace. He cannot sit there. He cannot sit there and watch the devil taking you away from him. He comes to enforce his victory. And when it what why does he do that? The prison shook the very foundation. Then he came down. Why did he come down? Because Paul and Silas were in there. Why will Jesus come to you? Oh my. Now I'm prophesying to you now. Why will Jesus come to you? Because you are his. The devil has no right and authority. He has no power over your body, over your soul, over your life. whatever prison that the devil has taken you in, he will come down and shed the very foundation and take you out of there. Hallelujah. That's why I can say by authority because I know it every one of you that are a seed of God, you must be able to come to perfection. The devil cannot stop it. He cannot hinder. Why? Because grace called us out of the world. Grace redeemed us. Grace delivered us. Don't you worry. If there is any spirit on your life trying to control your life, grace is coming down to res you out of your prison, take you out. It must happen. I said it must happen. Nothing can stop it. Nothing can stop it. I always told myself As I was growing up, nothing can hinder me from getting married. Nothing can hinder me even from living these worldly things. Nothing can hinder me from being a preacher. Nothing can hinder me from serving God all my life. Nothing can hinder me. Not poverty, not lust, not the desires of the things of the world. Why? Because I am a trophy. I am a trophy of his grace. If you are comfortable in your prison, suit yourself. But as far as I'm concerned, I am not comfortable in any prison that the devil has put me in. And I'm going to come out. Paul and Silas were there. When the angel of the Lord came down, he redeemed them out of there. The Bible says the doors were open. The chains which had bound them, they opened up on their own. They fell off. What was that? The power of God. The power of grace. Hallelujah. They did nothing. He did everything. What they did was to recognize his presence. Keep serving God. Your body will submit. Keep serving God. Your spirit must submit. Keep coming to church. Keep hearing the word. Keep reading the word. Your body must submit. We must come to subjection of the power of God and then the prison. Let me just finish up these verses. I think I'm going to continue with this subject on Sunday because my time is up and I want to continue. Just a few more verses here. And suddenly there was a great earthquake. So that the foundations of the prison were shaken and immediately all the doors were opened and everyone whose bands were loosed. Everyone everyone his bands were loosed. Oh my God. Praise God. When Jesus comes, the tempter's power is born. When he came at the tomb of Lazarus, he called Lazarus by name. And Lazarus came out and Jesus said, "Lose him and let him go." That's the reason why Jesus came on us to lose us from the bands of sleep. And the keeper of the prison awake awaking out of his sleep and seeing the prison door was open. He drew out his sword and he would have killed himself. Supposing the prisoners had been fled. But Paul cried with a loud voice, saying, "Do thyself no harm, for we are all here." Then he called for a light and sprang in and came trembling and fell down before Paul. [Music] If the devil has been chaining you and using some of these people to chain you in sin, here's what is going to happen. God is going to deliver you. That is sure. Those people that the devil was using, they will either disappear or be saved. And here this prison guard As he falls down at Paul and feet, he asked a question, a million dollar question. Sir, what must I do? [Music] And they said, first of all, come and register on the church book. You have to dress this way. You have to talk this way. Uh also you have to do this and that. And um when you you get done with that, then we shall baptize you. After we baptize you, the pastor will meet you. After that you will come and talk to the church confess your sins. after that. Oh, did I tell them that? Oh, no, you need to do confirmance. Or maybe did he they tell him, you know, you have to do penitence. [Music] You have to tell come to tell the holy father everything you have done since you were a child. Father I have sinned. Come on now. Did I have to do that? Oh. Oh. You have to pray three times a day and you have to do Are you hearing me now? Religions have reduced Jesus Christ to to do least. If you go to the Adventists, don't eat pork. If you eat pork, you'll go to hell. As long as you don't eat it, you you will then you go. Every religion will tell. Thank God. He has called us out all. We are not part of any religious system. We are not a religion. In this fellowship, we are not a religion. Are you hearing me? Let me emphasize it. We came out of religion. I can prove that right now. How many here came from Catholic? Catholics. Raise up your hand. Raise up high. High. How many came from Anglicans? [Music] No, no, Let let me change. Let me change. How many Anglicans? Because now they may feel that I am refusing them. How many Anglicans? Raise up your hand. Mine is up. Mine is up. Uhhuh. How many uh came from Islam? Raise up your hand. How many came from Adventist? How many came from uh uh uh um what else? Pentecostals. right there. Okay. Uh, the rest of you came from where? How many came from witchcraft? Raise up your hand. How many were Jehovah witnesses? All those religions we came out of them. This fellowship is a combination of all religions. We don't separate or divide any religion because religion is not our goal. This word is not about religion. It's about the grace of Jesus. That's all. Anyone is welcome to finish. We are only drunk with the word and the Holy Spirit. We love the word. Anything away from the word is not the word. What we do, what we want to do, what we endeavor to do is what the word tells us. And the only goal we have is the rapture, the coming of the Lord. Anything is else is secondary. So now listen to me. Does it mean the religions are bad? Well, I'll ask you, is it bad for you to take a shower? [Music] You do it. You don't do it. You are a human being. [Music] But while you should take a shower, it is recommended. It is recommended you be a part of a religion. It is recommended you be a part of it. They will they will teach you culture. They will teach you behaviors. They will teach you how to be a good man, how to be but it will not take you to heaven. God in every age sends a message which will prepare his people to go to heaven and that message will be according to the Bible. And we among those people. that have been called to prepare ourselves to go to heaven and I say praise God for that. We are not the only ones. There are many others like us. They are almost everywhere around the world. So we are not the only ones. So it's not our church. This is what we stand for. Are you hearing me? So friends, this man was not called to follow any religion. But here is one thing he was talking. Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and you shall be saved and thy house. What? Nothing else. Nothing else. Believe on the Lord Jesus and thou shalt be saved. Why? because he has done all the fighting. He has done all the actions, all the works, all the battle. And he has won the victory. And he is here in the form of his work to claim every trophy of his victory. I am one of them. I was claimed. [Music] I came out where I was. I came out of a life of sin. I came out of my denomination. I came out where I was and here I am. I believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. And what shows you believe on him, you will do everything he tells you to do. That's why we get baptized in much water in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. If you continue reading down there, this man was baptized that very past midnight. Trophies of his grace. If you want to hear more, you can come on stream on Wednesday. We'll take it farther. God bless you. You can stand on your feet. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I want us to send this little light of mine. I want to let it shine. I want the world to know. I want to display myself before the world as a trophy of his grace. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. By the way, I'm happy to see brother Samuel. Amen. So, if you've never given your life to Jesus, you can be a trophy, too. Or you've not been baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. As we sing, I'll just invite you to come only those are here to come and we lead you to him. Hallelujah. He's just wonderful. He's wonderful. How many love Jesus Christ with all their hearts? Amen. Well, this little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Amen. I'm going to let it shine. Amen. mystery the light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, let it shine. Should I hide it under the bushell? Hide it under the bushell. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. And should I hide it under the bushell? No, I'm going to let it shine. Amen. Should I hiding under the bush? I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. I'm asking you now. Will this light? Should I hide it under the bushell? I'm going to let Well, you got to answer me now if you believe it. Should I hide it under a bushel? I'm going to let it shine. We hide it under the bush. No, no, no. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. He let it shine. Let it shine. This little light of mine. This little light on my I'm going to let it shine. Amen. This little light of mine. Yeah, I'm going to let it shine. Amen. This little light of mine. Amen. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Amen. Let it shine. Let it shine. Will down at the cross. Where were my savior? Amen. Where for a cleansing from sin I cry amen to my heart was thy blood I'm singing glory glory to you oh way glory glory glory glory to his name hallelujah glory Pray to his name. To my heart was thy blood. Hallelujah. Glory to where. I am so wondrously. I am so wonderously saved from sin. Amen. Jesus so sweetly abide with me. Amen. There at the cross where he took me to be in glory. Glory to him. Oh hallelujah. Glory to his name. Hallelujah. I glory to his name. Amen. To my heart was the blood of blood. I'm singing glory to his name. Oh precious fountain. Oh precious fountain that save from sin. Amen. him and I have been hallelujah Jesus saved me at I'm singing glory glory to his glory to his wonderful name glory for it to his name. Amen. There to my heart was the blind. I'm singing glory to So now come to this fountain. Come to this fountain to th him and cast thy poor soul as a savior plunging today. We make glory glory glory to him. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to his name. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory to his name. [Applause] Amen. To my heart was the fly. I fly. Glory. Glory to you. Come to this fountain. Come to this tent so rich and sweet. Amen. Cast th [Music] complete. Hallelujah. Glory to him. Oh hallelujah. Glory to you. Come on, sing it on your lips right now. Glorify his name. Glority. His wonderful name. To my heart was the blood. With his name. Hallelujah. There is power power and the working power in the blood. Oh. Hallelujah. Amen. There is power. Amen. Power. Oh, and the working with power in the most precious blood. Yes, there is power. There is power. Amen. Power. Oh, and the working power in the blood. Oh, the lamb. Hallelujah. There is power. Oh, power. Oh, and power in the most precious blood of Would you be free? Would you be free from your ben of sin? There is power in the blood. Amen. Power in the blood. Amen. Sing are lost. It is life. Giving fly. There is wonderful power in the blood. Amen. There is power. Power [Music] in the blood. Precious blood. Oh love. Hallelujah. There is power. Amen. Power. Oh, working in the precious blood of the lamb. Would you be free? Would you be free from your passion and pride? There is power in the blood. Hallelujah. Power in the blood. Come for a cleansing to calar tide. There is wonderful power in. Oh, there is power. Power, power, power. Oh, hallelujah. In the blood. Amen. Oh, there is power. Oh, power. Oh, I know working power in the most precious blood. Give me the next answer. Now listen to this. Would you be whiter? Much wer than snow. There is power in the blood. Power in the blood. Since sin, saints are lost in his life. Giving flow. There is power in the will. There is power. Oh power king power we shall over there is power power working in the precious blood for the lord. Where are you hold your service for Jesus your king in the blood power in the blood. Would you live? You lift daily his praises to sing. There is wonderful power in the Oh, there is power, power, oh working power in the blood. [Music] Oh, there is power. Amen. I know I can bow in the Right blood all the life. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh thank you Jesus. I'd just like us to worship him in a song or two and then we'll pray before [Music] What a precious savior. He gave himself for us. The least we can do is to praise him. Speak to him and let him do the rest. If you have a bully but you know your father is rich, the best you can say is I'll talk to my father about it. I know he will sort it. Whatever is troubling you today, you can tell your father about it. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Brother Peter, you want to get to the piano for just a moment and help me sing this song. If you could give him a microphone and just like to worship him from from the depth of our hearts because of what he has done for us. Think about just med about the words you have heard today. You didn't hear them by accident. It was by design. God knew you would be here today. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Peter, help me sing this. I have no more voice. [Music] [Music] Yes. A darling, a darling one. [Music] a darling one. [Music] Ooh. [Music] Yes. [Music] When it comes [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Applause] Oh. [Music] Oh, [Applause] [Music] I of your [Music] Oh Yes. [Music] A darling. [Music] Oh, darling. [Music] Oh. Oh. [Music] Yes. [Music] They call him Jesus. They call him Jesus. [Music] Come on, do it with all your soul now. They call Call him Jesus. [Music] He never f [Music] Call him Jesus. I call him. I call him Jesus. Oh, I call him. I call him Jesus. I know he never fails. Lift up your voice and sing it now to him. He never fails. [Applause] [Music] He never fail [Music] [Applause] me. Oh, he never fail. Oh Jesus. [Music] He wants to take you out of your prison. He will not fail. Oh, he never fail me. Every day of my life. [Music] Oh, when I'm weary, he never fails. Oh my Jesus, he never Oh, he never fail. [Music] Oh, he never fail. [Applause] [Music] Oh, his name is Jesus. He gave up. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. [Music] In my language I can say this. [Applause] Hallelujah. Yes. Oh. Oh. [Music] Yes. [Music] Oh, you can join me and say, [Applause] [Music] "Oh, everybody, let's sing it now. him. [Applause] [Music] Oh. [Music] Oh. [Music] D. Oh yes, darling. [Music] Oh yes. [Music] Oh my. [Music] Lift up your hands and worship him. Lift up your hands and worship him. [Music] No matter what chains, where are you, brother Langa? Pick the microphone quickly. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. [Music] No matter what chains, no matter what prison, Jesus never fails. He's not going to fail you. If you go deeper enough, you can hear the sounds of freedom. You can hear the sounds of freedom. Chains falling off. His light shining in your prison. Taking you out of that prison. Taking you out of that prison. Setting you free with a baptism of the Holy Spirit. He will not fail. If you have heard the word and you have believed it, this is your moment now. to put that word to test. Come on now. Tell him, "Lord, fill me. Come in my situation. You know what I'm going through. I need you, Lord. Right now. Right now. Right now. It never fails. He never fails. Hallelujah. [Music] To the family in Ethiopia streaming this service now, I'm telling you in the name of Jesus Christ, Jesus never fails. Look to him now. Believe him. Watch for the supernatural to happen. You might be wrong somewhere. He'll put everything right. He puts everything right in his season. He says, "I am the Lord and I'm here to carry you out of that prison liberate you and set you free. Believe it for yourself. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Believe it for your family too, sister. Believe it for your friends, for your parents. Jesus never fails. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Jesus [Music] name Christ. [Music] Glory. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] down. [Music] Hey [Music] Hello. [Music] Hello. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] I feel We are touch [Music] over so kind and tender. [Music] They're leading me through path that I must draw. [Music] I have no fear for Jesus walks beside me. I am shedding [Music] the arms of God. [Music] I feel the touch of hand so warm and tender. [Music] They're leading me in the path that I must draw. [Music] I'll have no fear for Jesus walks beside me. I am shy the arms of God. [Music] So let the storms rage high. Darkless ride they won't worry me for I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. [Music] He walks with me and note nothing of this earth shall harm me. I am sheltering the arms of God. Let the storms reach high. So let the storms reach high. The dark clouds rise. Oh, they won't worry me for I'm sheltered safe within the arms of God. He walks with me and not of I shall be. [Music] I am shy the hands of God. Thank you Jesus. I'm sheltered in your arms Lord. I'm protected Lord. In your arms I'm safe. Let the storms rage high. Let the dark clouds rise. Don't want to worry me, Lord. I'm sheltered in the arms of God. Thank you, Holy Spirit. Thank you, Jesus. For such a grace, such a love. What would we have done without you, Lord? But when you came down and you gave yourself for us, you took our place so that we might take your place. You took our place so we might become you. What an opportunity. Thank you, Jesus. We just love you with all our hearts, Lord. We give you praise, Lord Jesus. Let your word and fill our hearts, oh God. Let your presence engulf our hearts, oh God. that even as we leave this place, Lord, we will not walk away from your presence. But may we stay in there, Father. May we stay right there, Father, where all things are possible. Whatever prison that anybody might have been in, Lord, let them walk out of their prison right now, Father, by faith. Let them see that God is faithful. Your faithfulness, Lord, has been so sweet and your mercies has flooded and touched our souls. Thank you, Lord. We give you praise, honor, and glory. Be with us now as we shall go farther to our homes. Keep us, oh God, covered, covered in your arms, covered in your love. When a tempter comes, Lord, may you also come and take our place and overcome for us, Lord. For we love you, oh God, as we worship you from the depths of our hearts and we say, Lord, we bless your name. We bless your name. We bless your name. Come on, just one more time, just worship him in your own way. Just say to him, "Thank you, Jesus." Just tell him thank you. Just give him a adoration and praise and worship with your own words and maybe with your hands lifted up to him and just say thank you before you leave this place. I ask that his presence will go with you and that he will give you grace in your time of need. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Aner my soul in the har of rest. [Music] is the B [Music] over the stor begin but with Jesus I am saved even more. Sister Winnie, come right over here and get a song microphone and sing this song. Get my soul. As the sister sings this song, I want you to listen to it. If you can close your eyes and listen to these words. Go with these words in your heart. Go with these words in your heart. Anchor your soul in the heaven of rest. Hallelujah. Yes. [Music] Sing the chorus again. I've anchored my soul my soul in a rest. I'll save the world sees the [Music] tempest may deep in Jesus I'm never more my soul inside out on life seems so We see our destavior [Music] above me, joy and love. [Music] Down is done for me. [Music] When he preached down, he died for me. When he reached down his hand before me and you, I was lost and undone without God or his son. And he reached down his eyes for me. For me, [Music] I was nearing this when he came to me down. And he showed me that I called me free. [Applause] Then he lifted my hands, gave me glory for me. Many reach down for me. Everybody now [Music] is for me. [Music] When it rain down is done for me. I was lost. I was lost and done without [Music] his son. [Music] Where the he is? For me. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Praise the Lord. God bless you so much. Amen. God bless you. As before we dismiss, I just wanted to read this announcement to you. Sister Ruth has sent greetings to the church. Sister Ruth is a sister. She's one of us uh that gave birth recently to a baby, brother Martin. Was it a baby girl? Baby boy, I don't remember. A baby girl. Yes. So, she's been away being taken care of by one of our sisters. So, she has sent greetings. I think she'll be here next uh next weekend. So, uh we thank God for that baby and the safe delivery of that baby. Amen. And also uh some of you may not know already we have the budget for our youth meetings already it is out. I would like this interpreted for some people who are here and others who are streaming and cannot understand English. So brother Martin you want to take the microphone and and help interpret please. So we already have our budget out uh for our January youth meetings. [Music] Youth meetings. Our meetings are going to take place 12th to 14th January. It's a grand time. uh last year. By the way, I always said last year, but we had it January this year meeting. So, our next is January 2024. So, the last time was a wonderful time. We had brother Isaac from Nairobi ministering and also brother Michael from Canada also ministering uh but this uh this one we are going to have um other min ministry to come invited brother Timothy PR and Timothy from the USA and also Brother David Mayor from from uh France France. There there's also other brothers coming and um we we are looking forward to this time because we know these ministers that are coming that I failed to invite. We have not invited them because they coming from Canada and France. But we've invited them because their ministry has widely blessed the young people over the years. We've been preaching many youth camps and I've watched those services myself. Some of you might have already watched brother Timothy preaching and you might have already been blessed by their ministry. I believe their ministry will bless the young people in Uganda. I'm not inviting them for our fellowship. inviting them for the country because we are going to have young people coming from many churches from as far as um in the south in the east and um others are going to be coming from Kala the churches we are going to invite to all the churches. We are not inviting all the people. We inviting only the younger people from the churches. And I know not all of them will come because one reason or the other. So I understand that others will not be able to come. So we shall also be streaming those services. So, uh it's going to be um a very a grand time if I may say. We also have um fellowships from Kenya, churches from Kenya who want to be a part of us. Also from Ethiopia also from Zimbabwe Zimbabwe. So let's look forward to that and be in prayer youth meetings. The young people in this church, I expect you to participate 100%. So our budget is out. We going to need not less than 30 millions uh to to to be able to host the meetings. It's going to be three days Friday night. It will begin Friday night and then throughout Saturday then Sunday. So um we have we we have already announced and asked people coming in from other churches to contribute. every individual will at least contribute 50,000 at least 50 50,000. So which means they can contribute more. Last year we had um close to 300 people. So this year we expect to have um 100 or 200 more that will make it in the regions of 4 500. It could be more or less. So uh with that number you you can understand that even if everybody contributed 50,000 It will not fully finance the whole budget. We are the ones hosting the meetings. So we ought to contribute more. So uh on that note I already we agreed with with our team but at least each member member each young person each adult member whoever fellowships here [Music] should contribute at least a 100,000 to make that possible. You can contribute that money immediately right now after the service on your website. Uh we also have a WhatsApp group for the meetings WhatsApp group. If you are not already there you can ask brother stand up. Is he here? He stepped out. He stepped out or brother Joel where's Joel. Okay. Right over there. Ask them to enroll you or you can just go on our website is dv fellowship.org. website wwf dv fellowship.org DV fellowship space dv fellowship.org O so there when you go there you will see all the details about Amen. Amen. So how many are warming up for that time January 2024. Amen. Amen. And uh there is others who have already contributed from even young people who have contributed more than 100,000. I don't know if they want me to mention their name but I'll find out first. Yes. So we'll see first. I'll first check but otherwise you you are welcome to give even 1 million 2 million for Give as much as you can. Give as much as you can towards this. There is one young person here in the church, you know church here who has given 500,000 already. Are you hearing? He's a young person. Okay. When I find out whether they want me to mention their name and then I'll let that motivate you also to do the same. Amen. Amen. We need those meetings. We believe God will um help us to for them to be a success. We are also still contributing for our land fund. We are not giving up. We are still continuing. you will receive messages u before the end of the month that we talked about last night those of you who have not fulfilled your pledges. So God bless you. You can greet one another. Say God bless you. Thank you for coming and uh we shall meet next Wednesday. We're going to be here again on Wednesday at 5:00 p.m. So we stream our services on Zoom on YouTube. So feel free to share those services with others who are so you are all dismissing Jesus. [Music]
