################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-23 - 25-0323M The Faithfulness of God  Bro Busobozi Talemwa  Sunday Morning Service - Busobozi Talemwa.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-23
Title:   25-0323M The Faithfulness of God || Bro Busobozi Talemwa || Sunday Morning Service
Speaker: Busobozi Talemwa
Church:  Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyK2aLHsVJc
========================================

leading to Adam's prayer. The saints angel song. A love of God. A love of God. A love of God. How rich and pure. How rich and pure. How [Music] measure of the saints endure song. Could we we se where the skies [Music] predtor storm on the queen and every Ascribe our dream to ride the love of God about who the chain up of the Oh, contain no from sky to sky. Oh love of God of God and pure measureless as he [Music] shall do You saints indeed your song. One more time. Oh love of God. A love of God. How rich and I'll reach and be rich. is strong for it more as my brother come. [Music] [Applause] Saint angels. Let's humble ourselves and we say a word of prayer. Dear heaven most precious loving God, we bless your name and we give you back glory and honor for the wonderful morning that Lord Jesus you have given unto us to come before thy presence. Oh Lord Jesus, you have kept us through the week. Now is a Sunday you have gathered us here under this shade. Lord Jesus to come and lift up our voices unto thee to cry upon thee and to give thanks and everything that Lord Jesus you have done upon us. our Lord. Father, here now we are gathered. We pray let thy princes come and take over. Lord, let thy angels protect us. Oh father, we commit even our brethren who are still on the way. Lord Jesus, husten their feet. Whatever means they are using, let them reach safely. We bless your name, oh father. Even the servant that you're going to use today. I pray the Lord Jesus you visit him now and touch his life. Even the song service I commit it unto the Lord. I pray let your precious be here. Let your holy spirit come and minister unto us. Speak to our children, oh Lord. Let them go back never in the way that they came. Lord, let them go back a change life. Oh, father. We believe and trust that it's possible because you're here with us. You promised to be with us, oh Lord Jesus. And you knew this day you would be here. Lord, we come before thee. Take over. Lord, take charge of everything. Oh Lord, the machines and everything, oh Lord. We bless your name. We give you back glory and honor. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We read in the book of Psalms 121 says, "My help cometh from the Lord, which made heaven and earth. He will not suffer thy foot to be moved. He that keepeth thee will not slumber. Behold, he that keepeth Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep. The Lord is thy keeper. The Lord is thy shade upon thy right hand. The sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the moon by night. The Lord shall preserve thee from all evil. He shall preserve thy soul. The Lord shall preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth and even forever more. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. The Lord shall preserve going now. I come here. Hallelujah. Greet you once again. God bless you. Amen. And you have to be in the house of the Lord once again. Why don't you just turn around and shake the neighbor's hand? Say you're welcome in the house of the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, this is my command that you love one another on earth that your true made before. Oh yes, this is my command that you love one another that your joy may be full. That your joy may be full. That your joy may be full. Yes. This is my command that you love one another that your joy made before seen again. This is my commandment that you love one another. That your joy made me full. By your joy, by your joy made me full. By your joy made me full. Oh yes. This is my command and I love one another. I adore me. One more time. This is my love. Oh, this is my commandment. I love one another. I joy made me full. I joy made me full. joy you made before. Now this is my commandment. I love one another. I [Music] endure. Oh victory in Jesus my savior. forever. He saw me and me with his redeeming love. Oh, he loved me when you hear and all my life is due and he loved me to victory beneath the cleansing. I had a little story. How a savior came from glory. How he gave his life on Calvary to save a race like me. I had a body of his precious lives at I repented all my sin and won the victory. Oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. He saw me and bro me with his redeeming blood. He love me and know my love is not me to victory my heart about his healing of his blessing powering. Oh, how he made a lamb to walk again and cause the blind to see. And then I cried, "Dear Jesus, come and heal my broken spirit and to me the victory. Glorious victory in the my savior forever. He [Music] s him [Music] and he victory. Oh my heart about a man. He has for me in glory and hide by the streets of gold beyond the crystal sea by the end of singing and your redemption story. I sing up the earth song of victory. Oh victory my savior is on me. Oh you know my oh me to victory a glass. Let me hear you say it again. Victory Jesus my savior. Oh he love me and know my life to victory. For victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. I [Music] certain. Oh, victory today is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine and I to give me your victory is mine. See, happiness is mine. Oh, happiness is mine. Happiness is mine. Happiness today is mine. I said to get behind me behind me. Now I say is mine. The Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. Holy Ghost today is mine. I don't get me. Oh yes. Holy Ghost today is when I woke up this morning [Music] when I die and the Lord bring me [Music] high victory. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Victory today is mine to Satan and my son to get me. Oh yes. Victory today is mine. Deliverance is mine. Is mine. Do one good day. To one good [Music] day. Oh, to one good day. To one good day. To one good day. One good day. Do one good day. Do one good day. Do one good day. Do one good day. Do one good day. Do one good day. Do one good day. Do one good day. What you got? What you got? What you got? I'm ready. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give the glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Somebody shout hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hosanana. Hosana. Praise God. Amen. Amen. You may have your seat. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. If you're happy this morning, say amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Amen. So, here is the Sunday school report. Read from the book of 1 Corinthians chapter 2:4. They learned about enticing spirits. We have seen how the devil entices, seduces through evil spirits even as children. Our prophet our prophet also encouraged us not to believe those enticing spirits but believe in a real spirit of God. 15 kids were present. Teachers and parents were present. Offering was 6,200. So, brother Dan. Amen. God bless you, brother. Hallelujah. Amen. So, I have a special song we could hear. Amen. Amen. Fibbe come and sing your song. May God bless you and after will come and sing this song. God bless you saints. I rest as you listen. You're my strength when I am. You're the treasure that I see. You're my all. [Music] Oh, seeing as the precious [Music] jo I'll be a fool. You are my only Oh. [Music] King taking my sin right across my sh rising again. I breast your name. You are my [Music] alling. When I fall down, you pick me up. When I'm dry, you feel my cup. You are my [Music] only you, my sin, my cross, my shame, my not my birth. You are my [Music] only Jesus of God. World is your name. [Music] When I fall, you wake me up. When I'm trying to my God, you're my [Music] only [Music] Jesus. Worthy is your name. You are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure of my soul. You are my [Music] own [Music] my own. Oh Jesus, how God worthy is your name. Jesus, Lamb of God, what is your [Music] name? [Music] Praise. Amen. God bless you. Come on, sir. God bless you. I [Music] do desire [Music] even of Tell me why I do which was worth loving you for the kindness you show. [Music] Lord help me Jesus. I've wasted it. So help me Jesus. I know what I am. [Music] Now that I know that I needed you, so help me, Jesus. My soul's in your hand. trying a way that I could repay all that I've taken from you. Maybe I could show some what I've been through myself on my way back to [Music] you. Lord, help me. Jesus, I've wasted. So help me. Jesus, I know what I am. Now that I know that I have needed you, so help me Jesus. My soul's in your [Music] hands. Lord, help me. Jesus have wasted it. So help me Jesus. I know what I am. Now that I know that I have needed you, help me Jesus. My soul's in your hands. Why? Bye-bye. [Music] The song is called Lead Me to Calvary. Give us E flat. King of my life. I crown thee. [Music] Thine shall the glory [Music] be. Where I forget thy throne ground lead me to [Music] calary. Lest I forget my name. Lest I forget thine only. Lest I forget thy love for me. Take me to Calary. [Music] Show me the to where the was lay then and away. Angels in robes of light and rain. God the race thou [Music] slay I [Music] forget I [Music] forget I forget Thy love for me, lead me to calary. Send me like Mary through the gloom. Come with a gift to thee. Show me now. Now thy door lead me to come [Music] for me. [Music] I for Yeah. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Amen. Thank you so much for that wonderful song. Do you appreciate the special singers? So wonderful. Amen. We have visitors and as usual we always welcome them and we love them. Amen. So this is sister Shamira from Shamira. You just wave to us so that we can see. God bless you. And this is sister Amodi Amodi Joy from Namboli. for Joy. We also have sister Loia from [Music] Bali. God bless you so much. So we love you our visitors and feel welcome, feel good. Amen. Amen. So we are going to give in our offerings. [Music] Gray what God can do. What he has done for others, he'll do for [Music] you. With arms laid open, he ble [Music] you. It is no secret. what God can do. It is no secret what God can do. eyes down for others. He'll do for you without he is not s what can do. It is no [Music] sing for others. [Music] You do for you with our light open. It is no secret what good can do. It is no [Music] secret what God can do. what he's done for others, he'll do for you. without your he is no secret what you can do. [Music] Oh, see what the Lord has done. And see what the Lord has done. Brother Jer, what we waited for has come to pass. and see what the Lord has done. God bless you. I greet you all in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Uh this is a report from our contribution from week 59. Amen. Amen. Uh Martin Luther contributed 285,000. Martin those hands are few. God bless you so much. Then he's followed by Paulo contributed 220,000 then then followed by William Branham 130,000 then Martin 85,000 God bless you so March the members of Martin then is followed by [Applause] 40,000 then [Music] 32,000 then lastly John Wasley 25,000 Then from the offering bag we have 11,000. Then we have a total of 828,000. Amen. And then our total for 59 weeks now is 60 million 738,000 and 600. Overall total is 87,000 87 million 55 58,000. Amen. My God bless you for your [Music] contributions. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's get on our feet. [Music] I hear people who love the Lord this morning. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. [Music] [Music] Oh, to leave our night in [Applause] I is. Oh my [Music] [Music] go me. Yeah. Heat. We need one [Music] to Oh my I [Music] don't need it. Oh my. Oh my go me. Heat. Heat. [Music] Baby me. [Music] I go get to one. Oh mighty I got to go. Oh great. Oh, I see one more. I go got to see Jes. Oh, I see what I get to. Oh, I see. I go to Oh, I see where she [Music] come in the way. Jesus. We need to speak to him right now. Speak to the Lord this morning. Express yourself to him. Hallelujah. Father [Music] Jesus. Heat. Heat. [Music] Thank you so much. [Music] Thank you so much. Thank you so much. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh [Music] my take all the [Music] He see [Music] I take the one [Music] He [Music] see the [Music] The is [Music] Jes [Music] she might [Music] [Music] Oh yeah. I I got [Music] [Music] your heat. Jes. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, I got [Music] I [Music] I got I to [Music] Oh my [Music] go to qu. Lift up your hands and sing it as our pastor comes. It's [Music] holy. I might Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, I am I [Music] am. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Uh this morning I just want to greet you all in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Turn to your neighbor, tell them welcome in the house of the Lord. Amen. Uh if I can invite my daughter, I know she had a song. Patience. Yeah. She will sing a song as we are ushering in the mother and the father who want to dedicate their child. Is that all right? Did I get it right? You had a song. You can come up and sing your [Music] song. She had a song and she was left out. And now I picked her up by surprise. Praise the [Music] Lord. As uh brother Sh maybe may want to have someone else uh play so that uh you can come up and bring up your child for dedication. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Sorry. Okay. Uh can we have the parents to come for dedication? Let us sing. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in. From the fields of sin. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little ones to G once again. Bring them in. Bring them in. Hallelujah. Breathe. Oh, bring them in from the fields of sin. Oh bring them. Oh bring the me bring the little ones to Jesus. The name of the baby is Aiel Divine Divine. And I just got this note from the father. He says as your means God is my strength or God strengthens. He was one of the Levite musicians who played the [Music] harp when King David brought the ark of the covenant to Jerusalem. Am I pronouncing it properly? Uh then the other name is divine which means heavenly or of God and then which means good or virtuous. Amen. We are always so thankful when you know God brings two young people together and then gives them a a child. The these are are gifts that come from God. Is that amen? Amen. Let us humble ourselves together as we dedicate this to you. [Music] Let us pray. Our precious heavenly father, we want to thank you so much today as we humble ourselves before your throne. Lord in my arms I have a little one. A gift that you have given Lord to uh brother Shem his wife Sister Favor. Lord you say that all good and perfect gifts come from you. You say that in fruit of the womb is your reward. Lord you have rewarded them with this fruit. You bless them union Lord. Oh, how wonderful it is that we can be able to see your promises fulfilled in our midst. Father, we thank you, Lord, as there are many uh children out there living under the arms of darkness. Lord, we can have children that are brought in your presence to be dedicated to you for for the work of God, for the ministry. for them to grow under that presence. Lord, even as the child has been given that name as Yale, Lord, that he will be a Levite, someone that will serve God in whichever way that you place him, Lord. May he grow to love God. May he grow and be inspired, to stand for you and for your word, that dark generation, Lord. Lord Jesus, I know you protect your loved ones. May you protect his child. May you keep him away from the clothes and jo of the enemy. Father, Lord, keep him away from the evil eye. And Lord, I pray that you will prosper his parents that you be able to provide for him. Lord, I pray that your anointing shall be upon him, that your protection shall be upon him. Lord has they've given him the name divine that his life will be godly. He will not go after Lord but he will go after the word of God. He will go after your ways Lord Jesus. This is your blessings we confer upon him. Lord so little you watch over his life Lord that even his parents will know they are raising a servant of God. Father Lord, now in the name of Jesus, we dedicate this little divine to you Lord. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Is the Lord good? Has he been good to you? Amen. We certainly want to thank God for the uh for the grace that he has given to each of us. And those of of you visiting us for the first time, I say you are welcome. and uh just feel at uh in the presence of God. Yeah. Here we we we are called days of the voice fellowship. Days of the voice fellowship. We just have a fellowship. We have no membership. We only have fellowship. We have no law. But love, you know, we uh we are not here to start some kind of organization. We are here to just serve the Lord. Always feel at home whenever you come. Amen. Amen. Shall we stand on our feet? Maybe if Brother Shem can come up again. I just want us to sing one little song and that will usher us into the word. Um, as you prepare your Bible to open into the book of Lamentation now, I've uh I've preached for um I've been thinking close to 20 years. Uh but I've never felt uh relaxed when I come to speak to the children of God. I'm always nervous whether it's a little group or a huge group. I preach to a hundred thousand, a few hundred if a couple usually I'm nervous. That's why many times I I worship you can see me away from this reality, our reality. and I get to his reality. It is so beautiful when you know you are hearing from God. And today I was just waiting because I know my wife was outside. Is she in now? No. Okay. So she um uh well today by God's grace we get to make 12 years in marriage. [Applause] My beautiful can you please come for just we did not dress up for the event but what matters is we love each other. Amen. And you know she has uh stood by me. I I was noticing that she's beginning to get gray hair you know after you know 12 years I don't know what happened also she told me dear you are also getting she says she can't find it but she picked a gray hair also I think it's not because we are very old the responsibility on our shoulders, you know, is giving us making us overwork. But I want to thank God for my beautiful stood with me for 12 years. Amen. With all my heart, I thank you for loving me the way I am. I'm not an easy man, but you have managed me. So, so my sweetheart with all my heart I say thank you for thank you for supporting the ministry and also for taking care of my uh five beautiful children many more beautiful children God has given to us. May God bless you so Amen. Amen. I I uh brother is sister Sarah here. They made she made her speak at her anniversary. My wife I was like my wife is very shy. I don't know will she be able to speak and she did spoke a very good speech but I don't know whether I want to put that up to task. [Music] just to thank God also he has brought us and [Music] for God bless you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's good for a man to have a wife. That way you serve God together. Praise God. Time has gone so fast. It looked like recently. Uh but I was looking at my daughter what my firstborn daughter the other time and I was shocked. Honestly speaking, I I saw her passing. Who is that? I was like maybe some we have a visa. They came and announced she's my So I went to the bedroom. I told my wife, she has grown too fast. The Lord is good. Amen. Amen. And he is faithful. He is faithful. Today I'm actually speaking on the faithfulness of God. Brother, you mind if you give me some more sound? Let us sing the splendor of our king clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light. Darkness tries to tremble at his voice. How great is our God? Is our God great? So if he's great, then sing it like you may. the splender of our king clothe in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light. Darkness tries to hide. Trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Sing with [Music] [Music] me. Yes. is done. Oh yes. And time is the beginning of the end. The beginning of the [Music] end [Music] father the lion. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. You see how great is our God, how great is. Just join me now to worship him. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. How great is our God again. How great is our Sing with me. I will say I think about his faithfulness and sing it one more [Music] time. Sing with me. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Now sing with me. If you know about his greatness, if you know he has done something for you, if you see him in your life, you have a reason to tell him his way. with me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lift up your hands and begin to worship him. Thank him for his goodness, his greatness, his faithfulness. Amen. Come on everybody, lift up your voice from the front to the back. You know, we have come in the house of God. We have come to worship him. We have come to Amen. love on him and tell him how much we love him. Oh, tell him how much we love him. We shower him with praise. Amen. With thanksgiving and with praise and with adoration and with love. Don't do it religiously. Think about what he has done for you. Where he has brought you from. Think about what he has done for you. What he is about to do for you. Then you will see you have a reason to worship him. You have a reason to glorify him. Forget about everything else and come in shut in with God in the Holy of Holies. chatting with God in the inner veil. Oh yes. Because of his grace and his greatness and his love and his power that he has manifested to us through his word. We have a reason to worship him this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. I want to worship you Lord. I want to glorify your holy name. Father Lord, you are worthy. You are worthy of all our praise. You are worthy of all our honor. You are worthy of all our glory. I just want to say you are great, Lord Jesus. You are great and you are wonderful to be praised. You're wonderful to be magnified. Father, we magnify your name. I glorify your name, Lord. Oh, your goodness and your mercies, oh father. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. I bless your name, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have a reason to worship him if you are. You are grateful. If you're grateful for what he's even about to do, you don't worship him because he has done something. You worship him because he's about to do something. and worship him because you know he's faithful to fulfill every promise he has made. Let a worship arise. Let our sons and the daughters [Music] sing. I surrender in my own. I surrender to the king. Worship him with me now. Oh little worshipers [Music] around little sons and the daughter [Music] [Laughter] see. Hallelujah. I surrender in my own. [Music] Oh, I surrender to the king. Lift up your hands and sing it again. Let our worshipers. Oh yes. Let them arise this morning. [Music] Oh, if you're a son and you a daughter, you have a reason to sing this morning and worship him. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. My oh I surrender to the Oh, sing it one last time everybody. Let our worship. [Music] Oh let him run. Let the sun and the sing. I surrender Lord. I surrender in my [Music] home. Oh, I surrender to you. Lord Jesus, we are going to speak about your faithfulness. It is because we are convinced beyond reasonable doubt that you have been proven overseas and ages and times that you are faithful. You have never spoken a word. You never [Music] act. You have said you are coming back for us. Lord, we are waiting and we are believing and we know you will make your word good. There are many things you have promised to each of us as leaders. Many are waiting. Many are believing. And Lord, tonight we just want to encourage ourselves and remind each other about your faithfulness. Have your way with us this morning and let your word have frequency. Give us a good atmosphere that your word shall be preached and shall be received by waiting. Grant it Lord in the name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. I'd like to invite you to Lamentations chapter 3. We will read from verses 19. If you're there, just say amen. [Music] 21 I'm reading in the name of the Lord. Remembering mine affliction and my misery, the wood and the g my soul has them still in remembrance and is humbled in me. This I recall to my mind. Therefore have I hope. [Music] [Music] vers 22. It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed because his compassions fail not. They are new every morning. Great is thy [Music] faithfulness. The Lord is my portion, saith my soul. Therefore will I hope in him. The Lord is good unto them that wait for him to the soul that seeketh him. It is good that a man should both hope and quietly wait for the salvation of the Lord. It is good for a man that he bear the yoke in his youth. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Before I forget, we have a minister's meeting next Sunday after and also this morning um uh I mean after the service we are going to of course go to but we have a few people who want to be baptized. I don't know whether the brothers are here. Oh, you're one of them. Yes. And then this brother, we had several in the church. I don't know if they are here that needed to be baptized. These brothers want to be baptized in a lake. So I told them it it doesn't really matter. could be a lake or could be a swimming pool. It could be anything as long as there's much water. But again, if someone's conscious uh feels that they should be baptized in in a in a moving water because John baptized in Jordan, it is perfectly open. So we can always do that. So we will have that baptism service in and then afterwards we have the service. So this morning I just want you to uh please give me your undivided attention. We try to avoid uh movement as much as we possibly can. Amen. Amen. I'm happy to see you, Sister Ruth. Always praying for you. I know it's not easy, but I know God is your portion. So, I'm speaking today on the faithfulness of God. Nice to see you, sister. Turn to your neighbor. Tell them God is faithful. God is faithful. God is faithful. Did your neighbor hear that? Brother Brian, I want to tell you, God is faithful. My sister, God is faithful. God is always faithful. Amen. We are not always faithful, but God is always. And um like I said, I just need cuz we're going to delve into the different scriptures. Uh you know, when we come to a Sunday service like this, I know uh we are always rushing it through so we don't get to bore you or take very long and then you get tired. Um I'm not one person who believes that you should keep the people very long so that they can get so much No, I I I believe that you should get what God has reserved for you. But um being that it is a Sunday and many of you don't appear here on the weekdays, you come to church relaxed. Don't rush the preacher. If you rush me, I can feel it and it can affect the way I I give you what God has prepared for you. But if you are relaxed and you are waiting and expecting to hear from the Lord and you are giving God time, I can also feel it. Uh, by the way, every preacher can and then it will affect me in a positive way. If you're moving out and and it shows me you you are restless and that also gets to affect me negatively and you know um there are people when the God is really dealing with your issue or when you feel he's about touch your issue then whatever tells you get out you go and you have listened to the devil. Sometimes you think the preacher is talking about me as in I think he knows or heard about me. Actually me when I hear something about someone I don't bring it to the pool. I bring it to them personally. So you should always feel relaxed in the house of God. If you feel God is addressing your issue, receive it wholeheartedly and be ready to to to you know do what the Lord wants you to do and you cannot regret it. Is it amen? So please let me have much attentiveness as possible so that the Lord will help us. So we are speaking on the subject of the faithfulness of God. This is the first time for me to preach out of the book of lamentation. The lamentations of Jeremiah. Um maybe I can just give a little synopsis of this book. We are looking at a time around 588 BC. You know, and despite the warnings of God through prophet Jeremiah, he was warning the Jews, despite God's several warnings, they did not stop their sin. They did not stop their sin. And yet God had warned them many, many times over and [Music] over through Jeremiah, but they did not stop their sin. There are always consequences for sin. Tell your neighbor, there are always con consequences. [Music] So at the writing of this book, God is weeping for Israel through his prophet Jeremiah. But at the same time he was displaying sorrow. God himself was displaying his sorrow and he was displaying his love through God's prophet Jeremiah his mountain. The same prophets that had prophesied judgments upon Israel before its occurrence. The same prophet is weeping because Israel is going through the chesting of God. Who prophesied? It was not the prophet. It was God speaking through the prophet who was weeping. It was not the man. It was God weeping for Israel. And he because of the love he had for them. It's like a parent, a father or mother. who takes a child. The other time I took Eddie who I love him so much. When I see something is going to become something else. The Bible says foolishness is bound in the heart of a child. But the road of correction shall drive it out. Not only prayer, not only preaching the word. Sometimes you have to apply the road. Yes, physical road as much as you also apply the spiritual road. So I took him and I said now it is time for us to drive out this foolishness and then I took the road and hear him seriously and he began crying and crying looking at me with love and all that. I felt bad in my heart that my boy was crying like that and I was the one who was inflicting the pain on him. But I felt good because I was correcting him but at the same time I felt bad because he was feeling bad and that's the same way God feels. He doesn't like to bring pain on us. He doesn't like to judge us. He doesn't like to beat us, but he always beats us. He always judges us. He always chastises us when we fail to correct ourselves. Yes, God is a God of love. But the same God of love, if you do not take heed to his word and you find yourself in places where his word told you not to go, He will rebuke you. He will chastise you. And trust me, the chastising of the Lord is never sweet. It is never sweet. It is painful. You feel it. But you see, he loves you. That's why he does it. He says in the book of Revelation, "As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten. and repent. So if you a child of God, the devil cannot correct you on behalf of God. God himself will correct you. But you see his correction is not as sweet as his love. Don't be on the bad side of God. We see I want us to first examine this Israel. Israel was a nation that God had chosen. Let us go back to the beginning in the book of Genesis 12:1. Now the Lord had said unto Abraham, "Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kind, and from thy father's house to the land I will show thee, and I will make of thee a great nation." When God calls you, It is because he wants you to be great. There is no child of God that should be a tail. Every child of God must be the head must be great. You must prophesy over yourself and say I must be great. They want he wanted them to be a great nation. Whatever Israel is in the natural, the church, the gentile church is in the spiritual. And I will bless thee, and I will make your name great, and you will be a blessing, and I will bless them that bless thee, and cast them that casteth thee. And in thee shall all the families of the earth be blessed. This was the promise of God for Israel. When he gave it, it was not dependent on how Israel felt. Abraham just received it because God gave it. But you see, God did not say if you do this, you will be a blessing. If you do this, whoever will will cast you, I'll cast. If you do this, whoever blesses you, I'll bless you. If you do this, you will be a great nation. He never said that. This was not a conditional promise or covenant. God simply gave it because of election. And we know that the proof of God is love. his election. Amen. He chose me in him before the foundation of the world and I am here in the world. I'm manifested son of God. Meaning on my head I carry that promise. On my head I carry that confidence. I may feel it. I may not feel it. that does not change the fact. This is not an emotional covenant. It is a covenant that God has given regardless. Praise the name of the Lord. Sometimes I'm like, I remove my court. But when things begin to happen, I don't know what happens. Can we get into this church? So he says, "I'll make thee a great nation and I will bless thee and I will make your name great and thou shalt be a blessing." Praise the name of the Lord. I want you to see those three four things. Number one, he says, "I will make your nation. I will make you a great nation. I believe that for myself. I will bless you. I will make your name great and you will be a blessing. Do you believe that for yourself? If you believe it for yourself, let's do some preaching together. I want you to say, "I will be a great nation. I am blessed." He will make my name great. I will be a blessing. And then he says, "I will bless those that bless you and I will cast them that cast me. I cannot be cursed because I am already blessed. Now that's not subject to my [Music] feeling. Subject to his covenant. Listen in the book of numbers. when one person now tried to come and and curse Israel, he was an a prophet a herring and you know he had you know been hired to come and c Israel you know it doesn't matter what the devil plans against the church the church of Jesus will stand the church of Jesus cannot fall the church of Jesus cannot be removed The church is not a building. The church are a people. The devil will throw many things at us. But we cannot fall. We cannot be destroyed. I am not the one making the church stand. I am not the one who called you. I am not the one who established you. It is God who called you. It is God who establish you. It is God who is interested in you. And you because you are the church of God. And so we see here Israel as the church physical church of God was you know the devil wanted to cast them through prophet Balac the king Balac rather and prophet Balam who was anointed came down to cast them. And then he went to ask God and He said, "Should I cast them?" God said, "No." He said, "Should I cast them again?" God said, "Okay, you can go." But we we know what happened. And on verses 20, the man who was hired to cast in numbers 23, I wanted to hear the words he is speaking. Behold, I have received commandment to bless, and he has blessed and I cannot reverse it. Did you hear that verse? Don't hear it can hear. I have received commandment to bless and he has blessed and I cannot reverse it. No preacher, no anointed man of God can reverse your blessing. That is why our salvation is not hooked to a church or organization. Some people think if we leave them we shall be cast or if you leave DVF you shall be cast. That can never happen to you. Because your blessing is not tied to a system or a church or a man. Even if the man is anointed, my blessing is tied to the word is tied to the covenant. and go and you know the anointed man he came and he said I have received commandment to bless he has blessed I cannot reverse the blessing I have for my life cannot be reversed it does not mean I'll not go through things I can but the blessing cannot be reversed Amen. Let's build it. It says, "He has not beheld iniquity in Jacob. There is therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ. There is no condemnation. You are not condemned." Meaning you are accepted in the blood there. Amen. He he he speaks the same thing about Jacob. He says, "I've received I beheld no iniquity in Jacob." And I want you to imagine this. He He did not say I have He did not say I He has not beheld iniquity in Israel. He says he has not beheld iniquity in Jacob. Do you understand this? Jacob before he even changed before the conversion God did not see any iniquity in him. Why? Because of the covenant. It cannot be removed. It cannot be deleted. Some cannot be reversed. This is the secret of our Christian faith. To know who we are. Listen, he has not beheld iniquity in Jacob, neither has he seen perversess in Israel. The Lord is his God. The Lord his God is with him. The Lord his God is with him. The Lord my God is with me. This is not just written about Israel. It is also written about the church today. The Lord our God is with us. The Lord my God is with me. And the shout of the king is among them. That's why we shout. That's why we rejoice when we begin opening the pages of the word and reading about the promises. Amen. There's a shout of the king in the car. God brought them out of Egypt. He He has, as it were, the strength of a an unicorn. [Music] Surely there is no enchantment against Israel. There is no enchantment against Jacob. Neither is there any divination against Israel. According to this time, it shall be said of Jacob and of Israel. What has God wrote? What has he has he wrote? Behold, the people shall rise up as a great lion and lift up himself as a a young lion. He shall not lie down until he eat of the prey and drink of the blood of the slave. Who are we? We are lionesses. Why? Because our husband is a lion of the tribe of Judah. Now uh Israel could not be cast because Israel was blessed. And uh we we then begin to see that the people Israel now we've seen the foundation of the covenant and of the blessing and this is this also applies to us. He says there is no mistake in me. I don't care which mistake you see. There's no error. There's no sin. When God sees me, he sees perfection. When God sees me, he sees purity. And he said he's coming back for me. He said, "I have no spot. I have no wrinkle. I am washed in the blood." That's how he sees me. He sees me as perfect. He sees me as holy. He sees me as ready. You know in the book of revelation 19 it says the marriage 79 the marriage of the lamb is come. And his wife has made herself ready. So he sees me as ready. I am ready to meet him in the Are you ready now? The devil will tell you, "What about this? What about that? What about that?" He says, "No, actually God does not see those things." Because his covenant, he gave it to me regardless. If I am an elects that will qualify me, he qualified me before I knew that I was. Now we see here that's also how Israel is. By the way, if you type it, you will type it also with Israel, you will see that they were surely the elect and no amount of curses could could reverse the blessing. Whatever God said about them, he will make it good. Now we see by and by in the days of prophet Jeremiah more than 500 years before the coming of Christ Israel sinned Israel sinned against God. So now because you see and I've taken a few weeks preaching grace and election and all this but you see we do not preach disgrace. because you see many people would now say ah it's what God says I am even if I'm I'm having this thing it's all right he doesn't see it now it's the same way with Israel but I want us to understand what is pure grace pure grace will make you turn away from your sin Pure grace will make you do his will. It will not be you doing his will. It will be him in you fulfilling his [Music] word. Pure grace will give you faith as a gift is the gift of God. It's by grace through faith. the faith of the son of God. So when he places that faith, you know, he gives it to you as a gift. So when you receive that faith in your heart, it's not your faith. No, it is his faith in you. He is actually living in you to fulfill his word. But many times people don't hunger and thirst for him. There is no enough hungering in the church. There is no enough fasting for the things of God. How can he give you these things? How can he give you the grace that overcomes the world? If you are not hungering for it, if you're not thirsting for it, he's not going to find you about going your business. Yes, you are unelect. But you must hunger for what he has prepared for you. No, I has seen. No man knows the things that God has prepared. There is more in God. We have not seen yet. But we have to hunger. We have to fast after hungering and fasting after righteousness. Why? Because righteousness is not worked by your own works. Righteousness is given to you. It is imputed unto you to be righteous. You have to hunger and thirst. To be able to receive righteousness, not your righteousness, his are you hearing me, church? Now, when that happens, how does it happen? Of course, through prayer, through desire for the word, through coming to church, through praying. Not only when you come to church, you always pray for revelation. Pray for God to reveal more of himself. Have a personal walk with him. Not a church religious walk, but a personal relationship with him. Now Israel well they knew we are the people of God. We are blessed. No one can c us. They can even give examples. He balam tried. It never worked out. We cannot be cast. Wait wait wait wait. There are certain things you will do and they will have consequences in your [Music] life. And I want us to use the example of Israel in Jeremiah 19. Thus say the Lord, go and get a potter's athen botm and take of the ancients of the people and of the ancients of the priests, and go forth unto the valley of the son of [Music] Hon, which is by the entry of the east gate, I proclaim there the words that I shall tell you. Why is God now deploying prophet Jeremiah? Because Israel had sinned. Israel had done things that God was not displeased with. They had not heckened to the word. They were doing whatever they wanted to do. So now he told the prophet go to this place and I'll tell you what to say listen. And when he reached there he began prophesying and say hear ye the word of the Lord. Oh kings of Judah and inhabitants of Jerusalem. Thus saith the Lord of hosts. the God of Israel. Behold, I will bring evil upon this place. The which whosoever heareth, his ears shall tingle. God cannot c you but your atmosphere will be cast because of the life you live. When he came to his son Adam, he never cast you but said cast me the ground. He shall bring thorns and you will kill it. Why? Because of his lifestyle. But that did not change who Adam was. But there were consequences of sin. Sin had consequences in the beginning. Sin has consequences today. And then he said to them, "Tell them, I bring evil upon this place. The witch whosoever heareth, his ears shall tingle." If you walk the way you want to walk, God can allow things to happen in your life that will shock you and shock everyone. Things that are bad because they have forsaken me. Now God begins to give the reasons why he would do that. Because they have forsaken me and they have enrained this place and they have Yeah. And they have burned incency unto other gods whom neither they nor their fathers have known, nor the kings of Judah. And they have filled this place with the blood of innocence. If people began killing children as sacrifices, they worshiped other gods. God never told them to do this thing. But they did it because of unbelief. And he says they have built also the high places of B to burn their sons with fire for burnt offerings and to burn I commanded not nor spake it. Neither came it unto my mind. Because God is saying, I never thought this. I never said it, but the people did it. And because of this, I am reigning my judgment. The Bible says God is a righteous judge. God can never judge you wrongly. If you fulfill your life, you're under the judgment hand of God. Search your life. Put yourself right with God. If things are not going well, search yourself because God is faithful. God is faithful to bless but also it rains a curse on your circumstances on your situation because you don't deal well with the money according to the word according to the way he's saying you will have problems in your finances and then you will cry you will cry you'll cry you are blessed but your finances are cut you are blessed But your children, you are blessed. But your family, you are blessed. But your job, you are blessed. But things are not well. Why? God is faithful. Always search your life. Because God is faithful. So he cast Israel. He said, "I'll cast this place because they have brought these things here, things I never spoke. things I never thought. Brother, sister, let us know what God said and what God thinks. Meaning, let us know the will of God before we do anything. Jeremiah 7:23, what does he say? But this thing I commanded I commanded them saying obey my voice and I will be your God and he shall be my people and walk ye in all the ways which I commanded you that it may be well with you. So you can actually be blessed. But when it is not well with you, how can it be well with you? walk in his ways. If you walk in the ways of God, oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. I guarantee you, brother, sister, it shall be well with you. But if you go out there and you are not walking according to the ways of God, a prophet may prophesy, it is well with you, you shall prosper. I said, I said it. It will be words falling on idle [Music] ground. Nothing will happen. It can only be well with you if you obey his voice. He says, "Obey my voice. I will be your God and we shall be my people and I and walk ye in all the ways I have commanded you." The ways of God are the ways of the word. The things you do, what does the word say about the church? What does the Bible say about that? What is the voice of God? We have a voice in this generation. The voice of God at the time was the prophets. The voice of God this time is the prophet We have a prophet from Malachi 4. Revelation 10:7. He has that sayeth the Lord to our generation. Don't interpret the Bible by yourself. God is his own divine interpreter and he uses prophets and we have received one now. But they hecken not. They didn't incline their ear. They nor inclined their ear but walked listen but walked in the councils and in the imagination of their evil [Music] heart. The word of God tells you under no circumstance should I believe an unbeliever and then your evil heart. It makes you to imagine God will give you exception. It is an evil imagination of your evil heart. The Bible says they did not listen and they went backward and they did not go forward. Brother, I encourage you. Let us not go backward. Let us go forward. No matter what you do, let's go forward. We know what the word say. If we believe the word, we are going forward. He says, "But they hecken not. And since the day that your fathers came forth out of the land of Egypt, unto this day, I have even sent unto you all my servants, the prophets, daily rising up, and sending them I wake up early and send you prophets. Amen. Even today, forget about Isaiah, forget about Jeremiah. Forget about the other prophets. God has sent you the prophet. Let me say in our generation. But even now, God has sent me to you. If you hear a new testament preacher but said he's a prophet. So when he comes and preaches the word and you say maybe heard about you maybe because he knows this you have refused to hear the voice of God. And he says, "Yet God rose up early." Meaning Al when before you did the wrong thing before he caught you, before you did the wrong thing and he warned you, but you did not listen. God always comes to you early before you go wrong. I may be your brother. I may be your your your son. I may be a friend but when I'm giving you the word I am none of those I am God's voice to you and so is every God called preacher God raised up and he sent him to you and he says yet they hearken not unto me nor inclined their earned their neck They did worse than their fathers. Therefore, thou shalt speak all these words unto them, but they will not heck unto thee. Thou shalt also call unto them, but they will not answer thee. But thou shalt say unto them, this is a nation that obeyest not the voice of the Lord their God. receiveth correction, truth is perished and is cut off from their mouth. And now what did God do? Brother, sister, it is very important to listen to God when he speaks to you. Very very important. Never take the word of God for granted because God is coming to you early. He doesn't want you to be judged. But if you refuse, then he brings his judgment. His judgment is fierce. He said, "I will do something that even whoever hears their ears will tingle." Let me tell you, God is not threatening. God is not scaring. Whatever he says, he does it. So if you are here and you're not a hecken to the word of God concerning anything in your life, he correct your life. Put your life right. Walk according to the ways of God. do what you need to do. Accept correction. Hear the voice of the Lord. But he said, "Even when you speak to them, they will not hear." So what did he then do? In Jeremiah 27 5, the judgment of God begin. I want you to see. God can hire even an unbeliever to bring his judgment on you. You say me, I love the boy. Okay, you love that boy. God will hire that boy to bring serious judgment on him. And then you I wish I had time is no more you had but you not correct yourself. But right now you have a chance to correct yourself. Brother, you cannot keep a a girlfriend when you're not ready for marriage. Believers have a way a decorum they have about themselves. You see if you don't the judgment of God is coming and it comes quick and is fierce. Let us live right. Let us live lives that are worthy of the calling we have been called. The Bible said we are a royal priesthood. We are priests and kings. We are a chosen generation. We are not a commoner. I am a chosen generation. I want to live in my life and my path. I having a life that will give glory to God. When I hear the word and my life has not been going well, quickly I repent. The badness means changing your way, moving away from your sin and doing what you ought to do. Hallelujah. It doesn't matter what they know about you. God corrects your past. When you repent, God corrects your past. And when you have repented of something, forget about guilt because that's not even part of it. It is forgotten completely. Your past is divorced from you. I want you to see. Israel refuse to repent. And now let us see what God told them. Jeremiah 27:5. I have made the earth, the man and the beast that are upon the ground. Because I'm the one who made them. God is boasting. I have made this thing. By my great power have I made have I and by my outstretched arm and have given it unto whom it seemed unto me. I made this earth. I made every beast that is upon the ground by the great power and my outstretched arm. And then I've given it to whomsoever I saw [Music] fit. Don't joke with God. God is God. He knows he created this world. He can do anything with anyone. God has power over believers. But also God has power over nonbelievers because they are living in his eyes. He created them too. Did he say he created even Pharaoh for judgment? God is God. We cannot debate with him. And now after exercising his authority in his word, he now begins to say what he has done. He warned them. They refused to hear. Now he has first of all reminded them I am the creator of everything and I give it to whoever you want. Meaning including you including you are his creation he can give to you to whoever you want God let me fall in your arms. That's why David s there are some he said let me be in your house. He never wanted anyone to judge him. He can give you to whoever you want. Vers six. And now have I given all these lands, including Israel, into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon. Are you hearing me, church, my servant, Nebuchadnezzar, the king of of Babylon, my servant, God has hired a servant an unbeliever to charge us the unrepentant believers. If you don't want to repent, you are in difficult position. Hallelujah. God has hired to give him everything was supposed to be yours because you refuse to repent. And the beast of the field have I given him also to serve him. And you are very busy chasing others. It is running away. Whatever you are chasing is running away from going to others even the unbelievers and then he begins saying I think God is not faithful. It is because of your life. Check it. How come the world has what is supposed to be yours? There is a problem with your walk with the Lord. But if you walk right with God, oh Nebuchadnezzar has no right. Nebuchadnezzar has no right. The priest of Babylon has no right to claim our God-given properties, to claim our God-given promises. As long as we are walking right with God, we can take every one of them one by one and we tell the prince of Babylon, this belongs to me. But if you do not walk right, you don't have that authority. Listen. And all nations shall serve him and his son and his son and his son until the very time of his land come. And then many nations and great kings shall serve themselves of him. And it shall come to pass that a nation and a kingdom which will not serve the same Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, and that will not put their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon, that nation I will punish. God is saying, "All they that do not put themselves under the prince of Babylon, God will punish." How with the sword and with famine and with pestilence until I have consumed them by his hand? is Nebuchadnezzar's hand. God is servant Nebuchadnezzar was hired. God do not let me ever fall. Save me from that shame. Let me be repentant, Lord. Let me hear your word when you speak. Let me hear your voice when you say that. I will be saved from shame. But you see, when you hire a servant, you deploy him. God has now hired him. What is remaining is deployment he has given him all the world. Now it is in the hand of thus sayith the Lord. Now let us see the deployment. Jeremiah 25 6 and go not after other gods to serve them and to worship them and provoke me not to anger with the works of your hands is speaking God is speaking to [Music] Israel if you don't do that I will do you no He will not hurt us. If you don't serve other gods and you don't worship them and if you don't provoke the anger of God with your works, he will do you no heart. Hallelujah. Shout I you will do me no heart. Yet ye have not hearkened unto me, saith the Lord, that he might provoke me to anger with the works of your hands to your own heart, to your own heart. Therefore, therefore, God is saying, I cannot hurt you. It's not me hurting you but what you have done is making yourself hurt yourself. When I took any put him in my legs, brought a rod, he said, "Daddy, forgive me. Don't beat me." I said, "I can't beat you. I love you, my son. But what you have done, you have to suffer the pain." Why? Because I want you to come out right. In the same way, if you don't listen to God, he'll put you in his legs. He's putting his in his legs. And he's saying, "I'm not hurting you. You are hurting yourself." And then he says, "Therefore, thus sayeth the Lord of hosts, because ye have not heard my words, behold, I will send and take all the families of the north, sayeth the Lord, and Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, my servant, You should leave your God. You can wonder how God can forsake according to his servant and calls the nonbeliever their servant. You know how it feels. He's supposed to call you my servant. But he's calling your enemy, his servants. And he repeatedly said it to provoke them to know how small they are. He will share his glory with no one. He says, "I will set send the families of the north, say the Lord, and Nebuchadnezzar, the king of Babylon, my servant, and will bring them against this land, and against the inhabitants thereof, and against all these nations round about. And I will utterly destroy them and make them an astonishment and unhissing and perpetual destation. Moreover, I will take from them the voice of math and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, the voice of the bride, the sound of the millstones, and the light of the candle. I will take it from them. And this whole land shall be a desolation and an an astonishment. And this nation shall serve the king of Babylon 70 years. Can you say amen? Here is Israel finally struck by God's judgment. Jeremiah the weeping prophet stays in in this devastated place. It comes to show that God is always weeping over every sinner that has lost his way. Jeremiah writes the book of lamentations. When he is left in Israel, when Israel is there in ruins, he was there with a few poor guys. All that buildings destroyed. He had become a dissolation, a an astonishment. The whole land was absurd. The temple was destroyed. God had fought for them battles. Since God took them from Egypt. God had proved that he was God. God had never failed them. God fought their enemies. One time God broke the walls of Jericho. One time God made a way in the sea. One time God parted Jonah. One time God did many miracles. But now because of unbelief, he said, you will see what I'm able to do. Everything I built over these years in your life, I will destroy. Let me tell you, brother. Do not ever play with God. God is able to reduce you to nothing if you don't humble yourself. He took a king. He took a king who was a great man. And he said there is no God. God said what? I am the one who made you God. All right. Let us see. Until you say there is God in heaven, I'm going to reduce you to nothing. This man started eating grass, like an animal. He grew feathers like a horse. Don't play with God. God can reduce it to nothing. What you think is beauty, it can fade. What you think is strength, it can disappear. What you think is something you have achieved in your life, God can show it is nothing. Listen, humble yourself before God, obey his voice and you will prosper. Amen. And then he reduced Israel to nothing and he started weeping. Jeremiah was in Israel well the whole book of lamentation is lamenting because of the people it's not Jeremiah the same man who spoke these words it was God in Jeremiah now it is God in Jeremiah the book of lamentation lamenting for what has happened in the land of Israel And you see the Holy Spirit always weeps over every sinner. He always weeps. You see in the message return and Jubilee Bam shouts out and say return. The Holy Spirit cries return. I can think of when Jesus looked over Jerusalem and he wept, he loved it and they had rejected him. And a man that's filled with the spirit tonight can look over the church and see people that ought to be shining with the glorious power of God and the Holy Spirit within your heart will weep tears of regret. What have we done? When you see young people living anyhow they want to walk. They don't care about the word. They don't care about the promises of God. They don't care about thirsting and hungering for God. The Holy Spirit in you. Whether you're a mother or a father or a young person, old person, a minister, you can't live normally. You will weep in your heart. What have we done? God calls us. God called us our fathers, our out 50 years ago and we returned back. And you see what it got us a disgraceful bunch. And it has got us a disgraceful bunch under the name Pentecost. [Music] People who smoke, they're Pentecostals. Christians these days not even Pentecostals. They call themselves message believers. They can quote the message like a moving dictionary. They know the Bible in and out. But their life is it is far from what they let me tell you brother. Don't give me a good quotation machine. Give me a lived life. You may not know the whole Bible in your head. You may not have read the whole message, but give me a life that is shut up by this word. A man, a woman that is living the life of Jesus Christ. He said he will take the fools and confound the wisdom of the wise. You see a disgraceful bunch. People who smoke, people who drink and you call yourself a believer, you smoke and drink, married three or four times. Women who cut their hair in the name of design and fashion. Believers don't cut their hair. If you're a woman, why? Hair is your glory. If you reduce it by one bit, it is cutting it. Keep your natural hair. Natural sisters, whether you say amen or not, I am convinced it is the word of God. Women who cut their hair They paint and use their shorts and wear immoral clothes everything and they call themselves Pentecostal sisters and they call themselves believers of the message the other side when they walk it is painting their side when they sit. Oh my God and you call yourself a believer. It doesn't matter which office you are working in. Sister, you have to be a believer. Show the life of Jesus. It doesn't mean you are going to dress something which is sweeping. I mean dress decently. What a disgrace on the name of Christ. What a disgrace upon his church. No wonder he says blasphemous names was found in Babylon organization confusion all messed up all kind of this and the other where is Christ in the whole spirit. And then he says return people. May God help us to return to the faith of our fathers, to return to a prayerful life, to return to a hungering and thirsting. You young seeking after God, not after boys and money. You young men not seeking after lustful things and desires. You're on your phone. You're seeking the newest iPad, the newest iPhone, the newest car. You don't even have money to buy it. Relax. Get back to seeking after the real things. We should return to the real true Pentecostal message where families can come at the altar and pray and desire God. Yes, you don't have him. So, desire him. But that thirst is gone. Everybody's just jumping up and going. Young people don't even have a place to stay. They can't even step put in one church. They're running up your looking for wives and husbands. Shame on our generation. We have to step. We have to relax and know that God is faithful. He has not disappointed anyone who trusted in him. Lamentations chapter 3 vers 19. Let us talk about his faithfulness. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Remembering mine affliction and my misery. the woman and the girl. My soul has them still in remembrance and is humbled in me. This I recall to my mind. Therefore, I have hope. It is of the Lord his mercies. We are not consumed. Because his compassion, they are new every morning. Great is thy faithfulness. The Lord is my passion, saith my soul. Therefore will I hope in him. The Lord is good unto them that wait for him. To the soul that seeketh him. It is good that a man should both hope and quietly wait for the salvation of the Lord. Let's look at this and then we finish. So verse 21 says, "Then I recall to my mind, therefore have I hope. I said, "I have hope." Tell yourself, "I have hope. I have hope." First Thessalonians 4:30, "But I will not have you to be ignorant concerning them that are asleep, that ye sorrow not. Do not sorrow. Don't leave as someone who has sorrow, even as others which have no hope." Psalms 39 vers 7. And now, Lord, what wait I for? My hope is in thee. Deliver me from all my transgressions. Let me not the reproach of the foolish. I was dumb. I open not my mouth because thou did this. My hope is in thee. Amen. My hope is in this. No matter what you're going through, Amen. You might have fallen away like how Israel had fell away. You must be able to say, "Lord, the hope is in you." Listen, God can save and redeem. Even if you think your family is sinking, you think there is no hope anywhere. God save us not with money. He doesn't save with money. He doesn't save with good. He doesn't save with people. Have hope in God because he's faithful. You know this man Jeremiah, he shouts it out. He said, "But I have hope. This one may be forsaken. Everything may be destroyed, but I have hope." A believer never gives up. Amen. A believer never gives up. A believer believes even until death. A believer believes. Even when you feel you can't overcome, I believe I always has hope. I will make it. I can make it. I can overcome. I will not be forsaken. I have hope. Hallelujah. And David cried out. He said, "My hope is in thee." Praise the name of the Lord. For the Lord will not cast off forever. Though he caused grief, yet will he have compassion. Amen. According to the multitude of his mercies, for he does not afflict willingly, nor grieve the children of men. He will not cast off forever. sayeth the word of God today, he will not cast off forever. Maybe God has cast you off because of your lifestyle. Maybe he has judged you. But I want to tell you, God was not going to forsake Israel forever. There was hope. Hope for their restoration. He said after 70 years after 70 years. That's why when Daniel was reading and he read this part where Jeremiah said after 70 years and Jeremiah and Daniel he took up and began calculating from the time they went in. What time were they living? He saw it was just a few years for them to come out. And Daniel under the anointing, he began praying. He began praying and repenting and confessing because Daniel saw there was a hope. Amen. Your situation may be too bad. Your family may be too bad. Your condition may be too rough. But I'm speaking to you. I'm speaking to you. speaking to you. There is hope. Amen. Hallelujah. Vers 22 says, "It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed because he's because he is because his compassion fail not. His compassion, his compassion, his compassion fail not. The devil has desired to destroy you. The devil's desire to destroy, but it is of the Lord's mercies that you are not consumed. The devil has planned to bury you in many toms of immoral living of anxiety of depression of pressure of self righteousness of fear. You see the pleasures of the lust of the eyes but it is the Lord's mercy. We are not consumed. meaning his mercies endure forever. As long as you are the elect of God. Amen. He is holding me. I am not the one holding him. He is holding me. I may not have the faithfulness all the time. But he is always faithful. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. They are new every morning. Great is thy faithfulness in the last church age. He says this great creator, listen savior God. He's faithfully working amongst his own right now. Now, now, now as the great shepherd of the sheep, his very existence is for his own. He loves them and he cares for them. He loves them. He loves you and cares for you. His eye is ever upon them. When the word says that your lives are hid with Christ himself, it means exactly what it says. The devil can't have your life. The devil can't have my life. He can't have your life. Why? He can't see my life. My life is hid in Christ. In Christ I live. My life is hid away in Christ. And when the devil tries to enter there, he is denied access. My life is hid. The life I now live. It is Christ that liveth for me. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, I'm so glad that my God abides faith. He is true to himself. He will not lie. He is true to the word. He will back it up. He is true to us. He will lose none of us. raise up in the last days. I am glad that I am resting in his faithfulness. Philippians 1:6 being confident of this very thing that he which began a good work. In you, everybody say in me. In me, he began a good work. He will perform it until the day Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. I say hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lamentation 35. And I want to try and finish now. The Lord is good unto them that will wait for him that seeketh him. It is good that a man should both hope and quietly wait for the salvation of the Lord. [Music] It is good for a man that he bear the yoke in his youth. And in a message why brother Bham says, "Oh God, I believe. I will never turn loose. I will stay right here till something happens to me." Remember friends, this may be the last time that the prayer will ever be prayed. The death angel may summon you before the dead. Now is the time to get down to business with God. Now is the time to believe it. Confess your sins. Go right back where you left him. Go right back where you left him. And there you will find him again. What caused you to lose your joy? Find out where you lost it. Go right back there. And say, "Lord, I'm sorry. I'm starting right here. Find out where you left him. Where did you lose your joy at wherever you lost your joy? Wherever you stopped serving him, go right back to that spot again. Start right there. Right where you left off, there is where you find him. He will be waiting. Hallelujah. You'll be standing there waiting to receive you. Let us stand on our feet. And Jesus was with Mary and Joseph and they left him in the temple and they went ways away. But they realized Jesus was not with them. They didn't say we should continue. He will follow us. [Music] They didn't say he knows our home. He said let's go back and find him with every head bowed, every eye closed. I want to ask you, where did you lose him? You've not always been backsliden. You backslider. If you're backslider here today like Israel, you've not heard the voice of God. You kept on turning it down, turning it down. Remember, you've not always been that way. Remember when it all first started? Let's go back to the beginning. I want you to meditate about that. Jesus is right there. He's waiting at that very spot where you left him. He's faithful. When you come back, he cannot deny you. He cannot reject you. He will receive you. He is faithful. The prodigal son left and he went with all his goods and money and everything. But after he suffered and he came to himself, he said, "Let me go back." His father did not go looking for him. No, the boy came to himself. He said, "Let me go back home. Let me go back home. Let me go back home. My father will receive it. Even if as a as a servant, I'm ready for it. And his father could never receive him as a son. He's a son. Always a son. Will always be a son. Listen to me. You are a son of God. You are a daughter of God. You'll always be what you have been in his mind. But you are lost. You've fallen away. You don't need to receive the anger of God. You don't need to receive the anger of God. He's still merciful. He will abundantly pardon. He's faithful. He will wash away your sins and make your life right. He will clean you up, straighten you up. What do you need to do? Repent. Let go of your sins. Let go of that sin which has easily beset you. Pass it away. Drop it. Dump it. Refuse it. Walk away from it. Say, "Lord Jesus, I am now returning. Receive me now. I'm coming now." Listen, friends, it's not always that we have services like these. I feel so thrilled in my soul that the Holy Spirit is after somebody today. It could be you. It could be you. If God has been speaking to you, everybody please please bow your head and close your eyes. If you are that person or I tell you something is about to come, slowly walk to the slowly walk to the altar. Say, "Lord Jesus, I'm coming back to you. You will receive me Lord. Like Israel, he did not cast away forever. He received them. He forgave them. And then they started a new journey. Seven years were finished. And another journey started. And friends, he has Israel to deal with us today. He has come for you. He's interested in you. Everybody's eyes please close. Be in prayer. Everybody, the spirit of God is here. Many people here are going to be delivered out of the chains of sin. And of Satan has no power over your life because he has been exposed. The Holy Spirit will come and electrify your soul and your body and your [Music] spirit. He will give you strength and put strength in your soul. He's the redeemer. Everybody be in prayer now. Wherever you are, whether you at the altar or your seat today, he's faithful. You may have thought he has forsaken you, but I want to tell you, he is faithful. You may have thought your back is against the wall. He is faithful. You may think there is no hope for you. He there is hope. And God is faithful to keep that which he promised to finish that which he started. He is faithful. Get ready. Get ready right now to receive him in your soul. Get ready right now. Those demons, those powers of darkness, to live your life, to live your life. I don't care what powers of darkness it is. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Everybody be in prayer right now. Oh yes. Wow. Oh yes. Wow. I don't care what it is. Demons that have come to Amen. disturb your spirit. You've tried to break free from them. You've tried to break free from them. But you have failed. But there is a power. There is a power here right now. The power that loses the s. The power that sets you free. Free from alcohol. Free from all the demons of lust. Free from the spirit coming to you in many forms. Might be sicknesses. might be aiding spirits, tormenting you, oppressing you right now. If you are under the sound of my voice, I speak freedom into your life. I speak freedom into your life. I release you from every power of sin, every power of darkness. Amen. Because the blood is enough. The blood of Jesus is enough. Satan has no right. Certainly in the name of Jesus, I command you to lose your hold on this. Lose your hold on these. Jesus has paid it all on the cross. They have the grace. They have the love of God to be released and be set free in the name of Jesus Christ. Be ye set free. Be ye delivered. Oh Jesus. Yes, there is hope. There is hope. Repent of your sins. Cleanse your life before God. He's here for you. He's here to embrace you. He's here to accept you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's here to accept you. Everybody be in prayer now. Agonize in his presence. Don't be ashamed of him. Don't be ashamed of him. If it takes you to in his presence to cry out, do it. If it takes you to seek after him, say, "Lord, I am lost, but here I am, Lord." Do it. Ask him to come in and fill you with the joy of your salvation that you love. Ready? As the musicians, please play the Vian. The great physician now is here. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Be willing to forsake. Forsake everything. Leave it all at at the altar. Empty out. Empty yourself out. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh Jesus. The great physician now is here. He sympathizes with you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Praise God. [Music] Father, Father, your [Music] I bless you. I bless you. [Music] Fatherless. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Jesus. God. [Music] the great [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Sh is here. the sea without Jesus. He is [Music] speak to J. Oh yeah. Oh [Music] Jesus, sweet inside of Spart. Oh, don't die. Jesus car away. [Music] Such great Jesus. Your many sins are own. Hallelujah. Forgiven. Oh, hear the voice of Jesus. Go on your way in peace to heaven and [Music] away with Jesus. [Music] Feels love in [Music] soul. Sweet as one more time. [Music] Jesus. Jesus name said Jesus. Oh, gloryy to the dying lamb. Oh, I now I now believe. Please believe in Jes. There's nothing he cannot do for you. I love the blah name. I love that name. There is power in the name of Jesus. [Music] Oh, sweetest Lord. In [Applause] [Music] sum [Music] name Hallelujah. Oh sweetest song that has ever been sung. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Jesus praise the king. Oh, glory to you. I now do you believe now? Believe in [Music] Jesus I love. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. [Music] Oh, I love the name of [Music] Jesus in [Applause] terms sweeter. [Music] One more time, sweetie. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Jesus. Woo. Thank you, [Music] Lord. Jesus. [Music] Jesus say my many sins are all Jes. Hallelujah. On my way. Oh, for the rapture tonight. I'm ready for his coming. Hallelujah. [Music] We might Jesus. Sweeter [Music] S of Oh Jesus. [Music] Jesus. The truth is [Music] Yes. I have my [Music] hand. I am [Music] I am [Music] never I [Music] I [Music] am God. I am [Music] N I [Music] [Music] I am [Music] not [Music] I I [Music] I n I [Music] I might I am I am I [Music] am forgive you. I forgive you. I forgive you charity. I forgive [Music] you. Move [Music] forward. Move forward. [Music] [Music] [Music] Don't ahead of you. to all of you. Listen, listen to my servant. Listen to my son. Do not take it for granted. I know what I am doing. Listen to my son. Listen to my son. Listen to my son. I did not call I did not I did not call him. Listen to him. Do not despise him. Do not despise him. You did not call him. I knew [Music] why. I warn you. I warn you. I warn you. I warn you. I warn you. I warn you. Do not touch my Do not do not do not [Music] I don't listen to him. Follow him. Listen to me. Listen to me. Listen to me. [Music] [Music] Jesus Jesus. Amen. Lord, thank you Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for your faithfulness. Thank you, Jesus. We honor your voice. Let us come to us today by your word, Lord. We honor your voice that has come to us through tongues and interpretation. We honor your voice, Lord, that has spoken to our souls, that inner [Music] voice that has spoken to each of us, Father. Thank you for having mercy. Thank you for mercy. Thank you for mercy Lord Jesus. And thank you for Lord for your children Lord that are desiring more of you Lord. Help them to come before you sincerely. Lord, that they may receive of you. Oh God, we want to be reverent in your presence because you are more than [Music] [Music] enough. Help us not to despise prophesying. To know that you are a living God. To know that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. To know that you still speak. To know that you are alive. You are interested in each of us. Grant your grace, Lord. [Music] My soul says yes. Says yes. Says yes, Lord. My soul says yes. Says yes to your Come on everybody now. My soul says yes. Says yes. says yes. Yes, Lord. My soul says yes. Says yes to your will. Sisters, help me sing it. My soul saves. Hallelujah. Oh, say yes, Lord. My soul says yes. Says yes to your will. Where you lead me, where you lead me. I will follow when you call me. I will answer. Oh my Lord, please teach me to know. Hold your way. Where you lead me, where you lead me. I will fall when you call me. I will answer. Oh my Lord, please teach me to know your way. [Music] Oh, whatever it takes, whenever you are, what moment you choose, whatever you plan. Hallelujah. Oh my Lord, let your will be done in me. So be my light. Oh be my light, be my guide, be my way, be my will, oh my love. Come lay your hands all over me. So be my love. So be my light and be my God. Be my way. Be my way. Oh my love. Come lay your hands. Oh Lord. If you can stand, stand up and lift up your hand. Let us sing one more time. Oh, my soul says yes. The end of Jesus says [Music] yes. My soul. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, shout it everybody now. My soul says yes. Let your soul say oh yes my soul. Oh sing. Oh come on this street one more time. Lift up your hands. to sing in my song. Hallelujah. Jesus says yes my soul. Hallelujah. [Music] With every eye closed now as we [Music] service if you presented yourself before [Music] God to some of you he has spoken to you personally. You ought to rejoice in your heart to know that God is gracious and his faithfulness endureth [Music] through if you walk in his ways. You get to enjoy everything that comes to you. There's nothing that can replace the presence of the Nothing can replace him in our life. You want to be close with him. Let us sing that little chorus as we are going to close with the word of prayer. [Music] everlasting more than [Applause] friend or life to me. [Music] All my child everybody lift up your voice. Let us close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. [Music] Close to thee. Hallelujah. Lord. [Music] [Music] as a prayer now. Close to thee without the music only. Close to thee. Sing it now. Close to thee. Close to thee. All alone my pilavior. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Applause] Lord as we leave this place today. That is our prayer. that you will let us walk with you. [Music] We don't want the world to take us. We don't want the things of the world to swallow us. We don't want to be swallowed up by them, Lord. We want to walk as sons and daughters of God. Overcoming every day, living above the flesh through pride of life, the lust of the eyes, the l of the flesh. We want to live above these things, Lord. We know it's not us holding on you. Is you holding on us. And your faithfulness has been so sweet. and your mercies indeed have our soul. Father Lord, as we leave this place today, those who have received a touch, may they continue to walk in that presence. Those who are waiting for that touch of the Lord, may they continue seeking, Lord. May they continue thirsting and desiring after you, God, because there is more in you, Lord. Father, we love you. We ask that you continue with us with even the souls that we are going to baptize today. Fill them with your holy spirit and help them father in this Christian journey that you may lead them all the way. We pray for the service in be with us there once again. We thank you Lord as I commit these people into your hands. Be with them throughout this week. Whatever they lay their hands on, let your presence be around upon them in the name of Jesus. Amen. [Music] God bless you. Brother Iranius, can you come and lead us in a song as we dismiss? I just want to remind you If you can sing that take uh the the convention in Zana this coming month. If you have not yet pledged something, please do and uh and with our treasurers so that uh it can be put together and then see what we can support with. [Music] Oh yes, thank you brother Martin. We I was just reminded this is our last Friday. So this coming Friday this week, this week we have three services. Wednesday 6 p.m. Friday from 10 p.m. up to 4:00 a.m. and then uh uh on our Sunday. So just prepare for that overnight. It's really a wonderful time of refreshing. [Music] Brother Amram, come and take this other microphone. [Music] Oh god. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Way bee [Music] Oh god. [Music] [Music] Oh god. [Music] [Music] Oh God. [Music] Oh my [Music] Oh Oh your [Laughter] [Music] go away. [Music] be [Music] way bee. [Music] be way Y beh. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh [Music] god on my soul and to the Lord I cry till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. I would not be denied. I would not be denied. Till Jesus met me. Oh, I would not be denied. I would not be denied. I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and met me, I would not be enough. My son in the world to come. Oh, till Jesus came and made me. I would not be denied. I would not be denied. I will not be denied. Till Jesus came and made me. Lord, I will not be denied. Oh yes, I will not be denied. I will not be denied till Jesus day I will not be. Oh the days of war with the Lord. I miss the courage but I stood upon his arm. I would not be. I would not be denied. Jesus came and made me. I would not be willy. I will not be Jesus. I would not be. No certain said my lord will not hear my prayer but praise the Lord the Christ the Lord said I will not be I will not be denied till Jesus came and met me. I will not be certain my Lord was gone. I will not hear my prayer. I praise the Lord. The wings of Christ the Lord is here. I will not be. I will not be denied till Jesus never let me. I would not be sing again. I want to be I will not be denied till Jesus. Oh, Satan. Oh, Satan said, I will not hear my prayer. I praise the Lord the Christ the Lord is here. I will not be high. I will not be denied till Jesus came and me. Oh, I would not be. Oh, I would not be Jesus. [Music] When ps of disease on my soul unto the Lord I [Music] cry and make me whole. I will not be denied. I would not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and I would not. Do you believe me? Sing it. I would not be denied. I would not be denied if Jesus came against me. I would be I will not be till Jesus came and made me whole. I will not be more I will not be denied. I would not be denied till Jesus came and made the whole I would not [Applause] [Music] be [Music] help but let me rise. on the wings of faith until the day until the day I say help me run me in the race. Help me know. Help me know. Oh, bring beauty straight. Let me rise. [Music] on the wings of h until the day. Sometimes sometimes the way down here gets right when I lose as [Music] s [Applause] of he goes wild. I'm [Music] [Applause] [Music] sing you [Music] des until the day until the day I'll be oy. Now we can see the end time sign. are coming home. The Lord is night or [Music] se when down here we live. Help [Music] me the rest. Help me know. Help me know. Bring you my rise. [Music] On the way of faith to the day I see your face, Lord. Help me ride in the rain. Help me know. Help me. Oh, bring you on every [Music] ride. On the wings of faith. On the wings of the day. I see.
