################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-09 - 25-0709E Our True Origin Pt 9; The Overcoming Power in the Seed 2, Bro Busobozi Talemwa - Busobozi Talemwa - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-09
Title:   25-0709E Our True Origin Pt 9; The Overcoming Power in the Seed 2, Bro Busobozi Talemwa
Speaker: Busobozi Talemwa
Church:  Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IsyG-6Sm520
========================================

[Music] My soul says yes. says yes. Says yes. [Laughter] My soul says yes. Says yes to your will. My soul says yes. [Music] Says yes. says yes. My soul says yes. Says yes to your me. My soul says yes. Says yes. says yes. [Music] My soul says yes. Says yes to you. My soul says yes. Says yes. Says yes. My soul says yes. Says yes to your will. And when he leads me, I will follow. When he calls me, I will answer. Oh my Lord. [Music] Oh, where he leads me, I will follow. When he calls me, I will answer. Oh my Lord is let to be done. [Music] My soul says yes. Says yes. Says yes. My soul says yes. says yes to me. [Music] My soul says yes. Says yes. Says yes. My soul says yes. Says yes to your will. Listen once again. My soul, my soul says yes. Says yes. Says yes. My soul says yes. says yes to your I have no other but you I have no other but you. [Music] For you have done what no man has done and you will do what no man can do. I have no other. I have no other god but you. [Music] I have no other boy but you. I have no I have no other go but you I have no other [Music] for you have done for me. You have done what my eyes [Music] and you will do what no my you have done. You have done what no man has done. And you will do what no man can do. I have no other go. I have no other go but you. I have no other go but you. I have no I have no other go but you I have no other glory this morning. Gracious heavenly father, we worship you, Lord Father. Lord Father, Lord, you are so mighty. Lord Father, you're so wonderful. Lord Father, Lord Father, we are witnesses, Lord Father, we are the works, Lord Father, what you've done, the Holy Kingdom, Lord Father, mighty Lord God, we are here, Lord, to appreciate your love, heavenly father, we are to appreciate, Lord Father, your goodness to us, heavenly father, Lord Father, and thus Lord Father, we are encouraged more, Lord Father, to trust you, heavenly father, because Lord Father, what you did, Lord Father, for the others, heavenly father, you're more than able to do it for us today, heavenly king Father, we are the same yesterday, today and forever. King of kings of Father, you never change. Heavenly Father, no matter the situation, Lord, heavenly father, loving master, we come before you this morning. Heavenly Father, some are heavy laden. Heavenly Father, some are weak. Heavenly Father, some are afflicted. Heavenly Father, Lord Father, some want to see you, Lord Father. Loving Father, we have all come here, Lord, to commune with you, heavenly king of kings, heavenly master. Lord Father, we pray Lord Father that you may come Lord and meet each and every one of us. Lord Father, speak to our souls. Heavenly King of Kings, Lord Father. Loving Father, we know that your presence Lord Father can never leave us the same. Heavenly Father, loving Father, therefore, Lord, we bring our everything, Lord Father, to you this evening, heavenly father. Lord Father, we commit our souls, Lord. Heavenly Father, our thoughts, Lord Father, whatever, Lord Father, we've done that has been wrong, Lord Father. Lord Father we pray Lord Father you may forgive our iniquity heavenly father loving master we pray Lord father that you may see us Lord Father and the shed blood of Calvary heavenly father loving father we pray Lord that you mercy Lord Father may come Lord and rain upon us heavenly father may your grace father come down heavenly father and loving father your spirit may your spirit move father amongst us this evening heavenly father loving father we may all testify heavenly Father that indeed Lord Father you've been with us in this service. Heavenly Father may you bless the minister with your word. Heavenly Father this heaven king of Father use him Lord Father to feed your children. Heavenly Father give him utterance heavenly father. Lord Father give him strength Lord Father to stand Lord Father before us the same way. Heavenly Father King of kings we pray Lord Father for the interpreter. He father may anoint him Lord Father the same way. Father to also minister alongside your servant father as is also your servant king of kings. Lord father we cast down all forms of evil father to stand between us lord father and you today lord father as we commit ourselves to you this evening lord father in the loving name of the lord Jesus Christ we believe and pray. Amen. I want us God bless you church. I hope you're all glad to be in the house of the Lord this evening. Amen. Has the Lord been good to us? Amen. Amen. I want us to worship the Lord as we go to him in prayer this evening. Amen. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we glorify your name. For you deserve the gloryy. I'm the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship. As we lift your holy name, for you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. Little miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you deserve the glory. I'm the all. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we glorify your name for you deserve the glory on the [Music] Lord. You lift our hands in worship as a magnify your name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. For you are great. You don't need miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. [Music] Queen [Music] Queen [Music] [Music] upon [Music] [Music] You deserve the glory [Applause] and the honor. Oh Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we glorify your name. You deserve the glory. [Music] Oh now we lift our hands to worship you as we glorify your name for you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You hear a voice so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You don't near so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one like me. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Tonight [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] I'm above. [Music] [Music] Oh, what you [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Tonight. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yes, you are. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Yes, you are. [Music] Now I see [Music] this season. [Music] Hallelujah. to what you [Music] could [Music] [Applause] [Music] Worship [Music] the Lord this evening and speak to him in your words. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] My soul magnifies the Lord [Music] and my spirit praises his name. Even death could not hold him captive even in the grave. He is Lord even in the grave. He is Lord. As our pastor comes, we see my soul magnifies the Lord and my spirit praises his name. Even there could only come even in the grave. He is even in the grave. Oh, he is. Oh, [Music] a God will come. They won't turn. Oh, [Music] sing [Music] [Applause] God. Come on. [Music] Come on. [Applause] [Music] I see God. [Music] I see God. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I see. [Music] [Applause] Oh, I see. [Music] I see. [Music] Holy eternal. Oh, I see God. I see God. [Music] will come even in the grave. He is Lord even in the grave. Oh, even in the even. Oh, he is Lord. Even in the grave will now tell him even in the grave. Oh, he is Lord even the [Music] Lord. Even in the grave. Even in the Lord. Even in the praise. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Jesus. Yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. A storm within me ragees. It wars against my soul. But my faith is a guarding you Lord. So things are in control. So many times I've failed you, Lord, but still you held my hand. I'm glad that I I can talk to you for you always understand. Lord, you've never once quit loving me. my trials and made me cold. Your faithfulness has been sway and your mercies touch my soul. Oh father, I reach out to you. Please help me reach the goal. When I'm glad to know because of you, heaven will be my goal. I need your strength, oh God, each day. For I am weak and free. We cause the winds and trials that have come my way. I have it handled to end. My soul cries out for me to stand upon your faithful word. Oh God, you know I still believe. Please bring me through the storm. Lord, you've never once quit laughing me trials and made me go. Your faithfulness has been so sweet and your mercies that my soul. Oh father, I reach out to you. Jesus, help me reach the goal. I'm glad to know because of you, heaven will be. We'll sing one more time. You've never quit laughing me the trials and made me your faithfulness has been so sweet and your meries my soul. Oh father, I reach out to you. Please help me reach the goal. Lord, I'm glad to know because of you, heaven will be my God. Well, Lord, I'm glad to know because of you, heaven will be my goal. Hallelujah. Hallelujah, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. Father, we reach out to you tonight, Lord, in prayer. Lord, we are coming to you by the door of the blood of Jesus. The blood which has made us worthy, Lord. Stand before you before your children tonight. Lord, we ask that you come and have your way. May you come, Lord, and use this feeble vessel. And Lord, may you speak your word, Lord, that will save those that are bound and those that are are chained by the sin and by the powers of darkness. Lord, I pray that you come and have your way. You come and speak to your children, Lord. Father, we know there are many going to be gathered in, Lord, both here, Lord, and other places. We commit the service into your hands. I pray, oh God, that you will minister to every need. every need Lord. Father, we ask that you come and have your wisdom in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Saints, I would like to greet you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. We are taking the service tonight. Um also going to be ministering to the saints at evening light tabernacle. and uh would like to send a greetings to the saints there. May the Lord bless you so much and those of you here at DVF, you know that we spoke on overcoming power, overcoming power in the seat. So today we are going to begin with John chapter 17. This will be like a part two of that. And so just give me your undivided attention. This being going to be one hour. Um we are reading from chapter 17 of the book of John. And we will read verses 10 to 12. Amen. Amen. and and all mine are thine and and thine are mine and I am glorified in them. And now I am no more in the world but these are in the world and I come to to thee holy father keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me that they may be one as we are. While I was with thee, with them in the world, I kept them in thy name. Those that thou gavest me, I have kept, and none of them is lost, but the son of pedition, that the scripture might be fulfilled. forchech. Uh seech. Can you reread verses 12, please? And if you look at verses nine, he says, "I pray for them. I pray not for the world, but for them which thou hast given me, for they are thine. I say Jesus prayed for you. Jesus prayed for me. And he says why? Because we are godies. And then you know he knew that what you were going to go through was not going to be easy. And he prayed for you ahead of time. And then he says why? Because you are his. And then he speak he's speaking to the father and then he tells him and all mine are thine for they are thine. and all mine are thine and thine are mine and I'm glorified in them. So he he wants to be glorified in you. Amen. May you be seated. So I'm speaking on overcoming power in the seed and this is um a part a part two on this uh subject. We're dealing with a series of our true origin. And there's quite a lot that we can get into and just pray for me tonight that whatever I share will be a blessing to us. Amen. And so I just wanted to get um uh the the phrase there where he says and none of them is lost. [Music] He was with us in the world and he says I kept them in thy name. We know what that name of the father is in the Lord Jesus Christ. He kept us in his name, the father's name. That those that you gave me, I have kept. So those that he that God gave him. How did he give them to him? Because they were in the mind of God before the foundation of the world. And he says, none of them is lost. If you notice, he's speaking in past tense. So you are not being found now. You were found then. You see? So you were not lost. You already born when you are found according to the words of Jesus. Why? The only reason why he can say that because he understands that the power to overcome the world is in the seed. And you know and then he says none of them is lost. But then he says only the son of pedition. And so who is the son of pedition? Well, of course, you know, these words he's speaking also he's um uh you can look at the prayer for the disciples. We know that you can say it was a prayer for the disciples. But you see the disciples were 12 and the 11 of them were good. They were seed and one of them was not one of them was serpent seed and that is Judas. So now when when Jesus is praying he's saying none of them is lost and all that you have given me I have kept them and none of them is lost but the son of pedition. So now he he says Judas the only lost one. So who chose Judas? Well Judas was one of the 12 disciples. They came and they were in the church and and you know when Jesus taught Judas was there when others left Judas never left. Judas was always among the group but you know he left right in the last last minute you know in the message three kinds of believers. You know I was actually reading a portion of it today that you know three kinds of believers. There is the genuine believer that one will always believe the word no matter what. No matter what has happened in the church, no matter what has happened to a brother, no matter what has happened to a sister really care because the reason why they came to church was not to see other people's failures. but was to see Christ in the word. And so their hearts are always focused on the word that is the genuine believer. And then you have the non-believer, the nonbeliever will come in. And the moment he says something that is, you know, off a little bit off of what he thinks, he would say, "You are judging him." And then he will walk away. That's the nonbeliever. But you see, brother Bam then reaches on the third one. The make believer, he says, "That's the boy. That's the boy. that one will stay for a real long time. He can stay for a while. But then he gives a few characteristics about him. And then he says this make believer. He will always two things about him that is amaz when he looks at others his um his his concern will be to find fault and they will always be offended. They will always be offender. And they will always know whatever is going wrong in every home. They will always know what is wrong in the church. They are the ones know who know what is was not done right. That is one of the characters of a make believe. And then he says the second character of a make believer they will always have their hand out for money. They they always want money. is always about money with them. Whatever they do, there are people of deals. You know, they always want money somewhere. And you see, brother Bam explains it and then he it culminates all under one man, Judas. And then he said that's how Judas was. He was he was always having his hand out for money. He he always was picking on on what was wrong and you know and and you know I think it was among those who said why don't we it's not right for this woman to do this why don't we sell this oil and we give money to her you understand so that's a make believe and that is not a seed of God that is serpent seed but the seed of God will always never be lost. The seed of God can never be lost. The seed of God is only focused on the world. He doesn't care what has gone around. They will stick with Christ. They will stick with the word. You've seen people many times who get offended and walk away because so and so offended them and then they put it on the whole church and then they say, "Oh, the church is bad." But the real genuine believer stick with the word no matter what happens. Amen. And I already preached about that some time back. But here now, Jesus speaks of the ones that God had given him. And he begins and he tells them I have prayed for you. And he says, none of them is lost. Who are these? These are the genuine seed. Why can they not be lost? Because the seed of God remains in them. Amen. Second Timothy 2 19 says, "Nevertheless, the foundation of God standeth sure. Having this seal, the Lord knoweth them that are his and let everyone that nameth the name of Christ depart from iniquity." The the seal is the Lord knows them that are his. Amen. You know, God is not confused. When he called the 12, he knew who everybody was. And he said, "I didn't call 12 of you and one of them a devil." And he actually knew who a devil was. He actually knew who the serpent seed was, but he never did blame anybody or condemn anybody because he came not to condemn, but he came to save. And even the gospel we are preaching today, it's not a gospel to condemn. It's a gospel to save. Sometimes preachers think when you condemn people, you will yield good believers. That has never worked. Jesus never used that method. No disciple used that method. But what was the method Jesus used? He went ahead to preach the word. Preach the word. Preach the word. Preach the word. Because there is a principle. There is a principle. God knows them that are his. So what are you going to do? He knows the wheat. He knows the wheat. He knows the tears and the wheat. So the only thing he had to do was to bring down the rain. When the rain of the word comes down and the rain of the Holy Ghost comes down, those two seed plants will mature. So there is a time of maturity. Overcoming power is not in the rain that come. You see the rain falls on the bad and the good. The rain falls on the just and the unjust. But you see the power that overcome the power that brings forth fruit is already in the seed. The seed which went in the ground. So as long as you create the right atmosphere for the sle, amen, the life will come out. They will overcome. Amen. But also the other tear, the other fruit's vine will also come to maturity. Amen. Hallelujah. I want you to see there was a a Judas and there was a Peter. Both of them had the word. Both of them walked with Jesus. When Jesus said, "One of you will betray me," both of them said, "No." When Jesus said, "One of you will leave me." All of you will leave me, all of them said no. When he said you will deny me, all of them said no. Why? They were still young. They had not yet come to maturity. But remember that word will always bring the seed to maturity. Amen. And time came when we had to separate the girls from the boys. Amen. The moment of persecution, the moment of pressure, the moment of the squeeze when they arrested Jesus and took him to be killed. Everybody despised including Peter who said, I will die with you. Where you go, I will go. He also escaped. And he was on the side. And as a little child came and told him, you are one of them. He denied Jesus. He said, "No, I'm not one of them to the extent that he even cast. He spoke like an unbeliever so that they can believe he's an unbeliever." But he was a genuine believer. A a genuine believer will make mistakes as a a sinner in the process of growth. But the difference is the difference is God knows them that are his and none of them will be lost. As long as you sit under the word, the word will mature you. The word will mature you. And here comes Peter rejecting and cursing the words. But something happened. You know some when he had a cockro something happened to him. Something small to him. He remembered the word. What matured him? The word. As long as you are hearing the word, it's a seed of God into your heart. You may not see or feel it working. That seed has been planted. If you are the seed of God, I tell you, you can never be lost. Why? Because that seed remains in you. And then when you remembered quickly went into a corner and he began praying and confessing his sin and repenting and hallelujah and God forgave him. Are you not so glad friends? We have a bleach. Amen. Of the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. that goes and washes and cleanses us and makes us white as snow. When our tempter comes to condemn us, he finds nothing. Even God can find nothing because we have gone through the bleach of the blood of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And so right there, God forgave you. But in the same same time, Another man, Judas, he went and betrayed Jesus because of the money. And then and and then you know he said, "Give me 30 pieces of silver and he took the money." And after betraying Jesus, he realized he had indeed did a bad thing, he did the first step of repentance, but he could not come through with it. Why? Because there was no seed in him. He went and tried to give back the money. When they rejected the money, he could not have the revelation that no sin cannot be forgiven. Hallelujah. He could not have the revelation that God amen still sent Jesus Christ and he can forgive every sin. In other words, Judas could not bring you know himself to a place of forgiveness. He could not forgive himself. That's why he committed suicide. And there are many people who commit suicide themselves because they have lost hope. But a believer always has hope. A believer never gives up. No matter what has happened, a believer never gives. I believe keeps moving. Hallelujah. And this brother could not forgive himself and he took his life. Both seeds came to maturity. The same word, the same rain matured them and both went to eat their place. Oh my my what a revelation for this. And so we see that brother Bam talked about the two vines And we'll begin reading out of the regime of the ages. He says, "From our studies, we have already learned that much of the revelation is totally misunderstood because we have not formally known that the church spoken of and spoken to in this book does not refer to the pure ecclesia, the elect, the body of Christ, the bride. But it is speaking to the entire body of the people who are called Christians, whether they be true or merely nominal." Amen. Now here uh he's talking about the book of revelation. It is not mainly when he says to the church to the church to the church. He's not speaking to only the bride. He's not speaking to the body of Christ only. He's not speaking only to the elect. He's speaking to all the people called Christians. Some of them are just nominal Christians. Christian and others are true Christians. As all Israel is not Israel, all Christians are not Israel. Thus, we learned that the church is made up of two vines. The true and the false. The two vines are motivated by two kinds of spirits. One has the Holy Spirit while the other is endued with the spirit of antichrist. But both to know and be known of God. Both claim to speak for God. Both believe certain very basic truth and defer on others. But since both bear the name of the Lord, being called Christians and by such name bearing obviously claim a relationship to God. God now holds them both responsible to him and he therefore speaks to both of them. So that's why in in a church he never separates this and that even now when the word is coming is the same word that comes to a believer will come to an unbeliever. The same word which comes to a seed of God will come to a serpent seed. The same Bible the message believers use is the same Bible the nominal Christians use. The same scriptures we read they read. So you have to understand sometimes when I put on some other nominal preachers when I I switch it on maybe on YouTube or something. Sometimes my wife listens to what I'm listening to. Is that a believable message? I said, "No, he's speaking the word." Well, if you listen to them, they are speaking the same word. They may not have the revelation we have on some things. It's not a different Bible. If you go to Anglican church, they are reading the same Bible. If you go to Pentecost or wherever, they reading the same Bible. So the same word and Christ is actually out of that word. Out of that word, he's speaking to both. He's speaking to the genuine believers and to the make believers. So whenever you hear the word, who are you? Are you the spirit of God or you are serpent seed? according to the seed in you. That's how you receive the word. That's why the word in itself cannot change a sinner. The word in itself cannot give power to a sinner to change his way. The word in itself is not overcoming power. Or else Cain would have overcome. Also the unbelievers that hear the word would have received Christ. True genuine overcoming power is in the seed. The seed that is in you. When the word of God comes with such power and intensity, you know, it quickens the seed. that is already in you. If that seed is not in you, a preacher may preach. He may hit your head. Nothing will happen. Where you may say is the pre the problem is a picture. We bring another preacher. Nothing will happen. You will say the problem is that preacher. We bring another preacher. Nothing will happen. So brother, sister, if you are the seed of God, you open your heart to the word regardless of the vessel. It's all about the word. The word will bring the result out of a genuine believer. Amen. You know would say doesn't matter if it is the word is the word no matter who is speaking. That's why brother Bham respected all men of God. And that's why we also should respect servants of God. It doesn't matter who they are. It doesn't matter which group they talking the word. It will bring forth of its kind. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. we father land that these and I'm still continuing to quote out of them that these two vines would grow side by side until the end of the age when both would come to maturity and both be harvested the two vines. I remember what apostle Paul said that it doesn't matter how the word is preached. Some preach it out of contention and others preach but in the same way Christ has preached. So to him it didn't even matter who was preaching. He remember the others who were preaching and the disciples said ah master because they are not a part of our church. They are not. Should we stop there? He said, "No, no, no, no. If they are not against us, they are for us." If someone has a Bible and is claiming to preach my God, my Christ, I have no problem with. And I will honor them. I will respect them. It doesn't matter which group they belong. This is the message of the hour. That's why message believers, we must learn to respect every preacher of the gospel. It doesn't matter who they whe they are part of your group or not. Why? Because it's not who is speaking the word. It is what they are saying. Hallelujah. The bride loves the word. If I hear a Catholic priest saying it, I will say amen. If it is the word, who told brother Brham, don't worry my son, you will know what happened and God will reveal it to you. It was a prophecy given to brother Brham in the church by a Catholic priest. And God revealed to brother Brana what happened the way the Catholic priest prophesied because two pages were stuck together. And when he landed later on and you know of course the Catholic priest brought his Bible and he told him read from my Bible don't worry my son what has happened you know it and God will reveal it to you. And later on, brother Bam preached a sermon this day. Is this scripture fulfilled? Why? Because he he he remembered he saw what had happened and they thought, "Oh my god." Amen. And he went back in the days of Jesus. You know when they they delivered unto him the book of the prophet Isaiah and he went to the place where it was written you know the spirit of the Lord is upon me. He has anointed me to open the prison to those who are bound and Jesus closed the book and he said this day is this scripture for you. And this Catholic priest did not actually know. Amen. He was living in a time when St. Luke 17:30 was actually getting fulfilled. And the prophet preached a sermon by revelation this day. This scripture is fulfilled. It doesn't matter who the preacher is because the anointing of God, the spirit of God fall on the just and the unjust. So it's the word the seed in you. Oh may God reveal it to us. So you see the false vine would not overcome and the false vine would not overcome and destroy the true vine because the purpose of the first vine would always been to destroy the true vine. The purpose of the mega believer has always been to destroy the believer. But we have a prophecy here. The first vine will never destroy the true vine. That is a prophetic. Never destroy the true vine. In other words, you cannot be destroyed if you are the true vine. Amen. And here's another one. Neither would a true vine be able to bring the false vine into a saving relationship with Jesus Christ. We believe we have the true message and this message has power. You have heard me say it many times. And no matter how powerful the message is, We with the message can never be able to bring a saving relationship with Jesus Christ to a false vine. They are not for this message. They are not for this message. If they will never see it, they will never see it. It's not about the church. It's not about the preacher. It's not about the minister. It's about the city. Hallelujah. In the very first church, the pastor who was preaching in that church was not a man. was God himself. He came and he preached the word. But still Kane did not believe God himself. You would think that someone would hear the voice of God would believe. But they did not believe. Why? Because the condition was in the heart. There was a seed problem. He cannot overcome. That's why when when the the Lazarus died and this man pleaded let Lazarus go and preach to my people and tell them hell is real. Heaven is real. Let them repent. When they see someone from hell from the dead, they'll believe. But what did Abraham say? He said no it is not possible on earth they are preachers. Amen. If your people hear them they will not come to hell. In other words it's not about who is preaching. If someone refuses to believe what I'm preaching now, even if their brother, uncle, daddy, or mother comes from the dead and preaches to them the same thing. If they don't have a seed of God, they can never receive it. It's not about the preacher. It's about the seed. Amen. And you know what? There is nothing you can do about it. You are either seed or you are not. You are either in the mind of go of of of God or you are not. So the only way you can know is by the fruit. You shall know them by fruit. Hallelujah. And when is the fruit se? The fruit is seen in the harvest time. The field is seen in the end time. And we are living in the end time. We are living in the evening time. When the world is coming to an end, when the rapture is about to happen, if you are meant to believe this word or whether you are enjoying the revelation of the word or whether you are walking into the life of the word, you are waiting for the coming of the world. You are waiting for the change of your body. Hallelujah. Amen. And I continue. He says, "We learned the most amazing truth that the Holy Spirit could and would fall upon the ungenerated false vine Christians and manifest powerfully in various signs. and wonders. There are some people who say that what what you know this man of God who came to Uganda recently what he was doing is false. I hope there's no believer who has that narrative. You know, talk about the anointing of on your flesh or spirit. These things are real is the power of God. There's a brother, I forget his name now. Uh if I remember, I'll tell you. He went over to to testify at brother brother Biscal's church in Canada. His name is Richard Milligan. Go and check it out. I don't know if it's on YouTube, but probably you could find it. Richard Milligan testimony. He used to be an assistant assistant in Benin crusades. And so he he testifies everything that used to happen and first time he encountered the anointing of God and how God started using him all these things and and but you know he says when the revelation of this message hit nothing was more important and and you know so friends it doesn't really matter the anointing the Holy Spirit will fall upon you know vine and he says he will manifest powerfully in various signs and wonders even as Judas had a definite ministry in the Holy Ghost. Do you believe that Judas actually had a ministry in the Holy Ghost? He cast out demons. Do you know actually he demons went out crying and he was anointed and and he was sent by God but he himself was pronounced to be a devil. With these principles in mind, we start to trace the church through the various seven ages. Amen. So how do you identify that church through the seven ages? You are not looking at how a person the mistakes they have done or what they have not done. Please listen to me church. You are not identifying the true seed of God by the mistakes they have done, the errors, the sins or they those things they have not done. That doesn't identify the seed. You don't identify the seed by how much anointing came upon, by how much signs and wonders they performed. Both seeds, serpent seed and God sees will do those things. Am I preaching to someone here? They will do miracles, signs and wonders. They will do mistakes and errors in their life. All seeds will manifest those things. But there is one thing throughout the seven ages. that identifies the true seed of God. Amen. That when they hear the word, they will not debate with it. They will not question it, they will believe it wholesomely, and they will receive it in their words. And that word will begin to quicken them slowly by slowly slowly by slowly. Even as you see me right here, I am being quickened. You are being quickened. You may not feel it. You may not see it. You may not hear it. Something on the inside is happening in your life. The more you hear the word quickened say walked with God was no more even it's a walking it's a journey. It doesn't happen in a day. It doesn't happen in the split of a second. It is a journey with with the Holy Ghost. It's a journey with the word. A holy word. The word of God. changing me, changing you. Oh God, change me. Amen. You have to yield yourself and tell him, Lord, change me. And you know what? The world thinks that everybody will be dumb like them in hell. They even say they will go to hell and they will enjoy because there will be so many. But I have news. I have news tonight. There are some people who will not go to hell. There are some people who are being changed. We are being changed by the world. Day by day we are being changed. Amen. How are we changed from the inside? We are realizing who we are. We are realizing our true origin. Amen. And it is coming from the inside to the outside. From the inside to the outside. We are changing at different levels. But we are all children. That's why we have to be very very very patient with one another. We do not have to have a negative attitude. We don't have we should never have a contentious spirit. We should never have a a spirit of discord. When somebody you dismiss them, oh brother, when the spirit of God comes in your heart, you will have love, you will have love for your brother. You will have love for your sister. Even when they go wrong, You are willing in love to bring them back. That's why we're saying that this message. Amen. It makes me love everybody. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. This is the principle to the two vines that grow side by side. Let's continue. The wheat and the tears. which from the first age until now have grown side by side havevested. Now when are they harvested in the last age after the last age the Bible you know the Bible says now what Nia set out to accomplish has finally come to pass. You know the council started the council of churches in a way in a way they organize they organize the church into one but they organize it into into an organization. Amen. And yet church has never been an organization. You see, it's been a movement, but they made it an organization. [Music] And the Nian Council, the Nissian Council, it says here, what they set out to accomplish now in our church. It has finally come to pass. With all the might of organization and the false church turns from any vestage of truth and with political might, they reinforce herself with a state backing the government backing them and they set out to eradicate forever the true believer. This false church today we see them as a huge organization even here in Uganda Uganda and all over the world actually they have you know you know huge church building crowds and crowd the state backing government back. So now they set out eradicate. They set out the true believer. But just when she is about to accomplish her cowardly plot, the wheat, which is a seed now, is gathered. into the Ghana the wheat gathered into the why because we have overcome not because we are escaping but because we have overcome you have to understand church the rapture is not an escape the rapture is an overcoming you are going to go in the rapture because you have overcome. Amen. How do you overcome? You overcome by believing the word no matter what. Oh, you don't look like you are overcoming. Friends, you are not responding like you are overcoming. You overcome by receiving every word of God. I say no matter what Hallelujah. No longer will the wheat and the tears grow side by side. No longer will the tears receive the blessing of God because of the presence of the wicked. Did you know? Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Did you know? that all the anointing, are you hearing me? All the anointing flowing in the denominations is because of us still being here on earth. When we go, the revival will stop. The anointing will dry up. It is because of the bride. They are not consumed. Brother, sister, you are the one holding the wrath of God. Hallelujah. Amen. The rain is coming down because you are here. The latter rain and the former reign which is the teaching reign of the word and the holy ghost is coming down here in miracle center in angry country they are speaking in tong out there you know they speaking in tong that anointing is because you are Because the bride of Christ is here. When she leaves, everything will dry up and the tribulation will start. Even so, come Lord Jesus. Oh, we are tired of this sin, sick. We are tired of this rotting flesh. We are yearning for another body. Wherein there is no sin. Wherein there is no problem. There is no suffering. Oh, we are longing for that body. Are you longing for even so come Lord Jesus? Amen. No longer would they receive the blessings of God. because of of the presence of the wheat. For the wheat will be gone, and the wrath of God will be powered out in the sixth seal. Now we know the sixth seal is the judgment seal is the wrath of God powering onto the world the tribul the great tribulation. So he says you see then the wrath of God will be powered up in the sixth seal which will end in the utter destruction of the wicked but I won't be here then. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now, I said a moment ago that the first vine came into full fruition in this age. How fruit would mature and ripen. That is correct. truth. The evil spirited church full of iniquity will be revealed as the mustard seed that grew into a tree wherein lodge the fowls of the earth will be the antichrist, the mystery of iniquity. All this is true. And if it is true, then it must also be true that the bright church will mature and her ripeness shall be an identification with her Lord by means of the word. [Music] that is going to show that we are ripe now because we are identifying with the onemen. Hallelujah. And I heard who will come to her is the mystery of godliness. The false vine, she has her head as a mystery of iniquity. Amen. But the bright church has a head, has a mystery of godliness, which is Christ. And as the false church with all cunning and diabolical power made up of political force, I physical force [Music] and physical force and demons of darkness come against this true vine. Are you hearing as I'm finishing this force is going to come at us. God help us. Diabolical power of Satan with all cunningness will come at the true church in in the form of political force [Music] physical force and demons of darkness they will come against you. This is why Jesus said that no that all hell shall not prevail because he knew all hell was coming against you. [Music] the true vine with the fullness of the spirit and the word will do the very acts of power that Jesus did. So let the devil bring it on and let the Lord manifest his power. Amen. That's why he says, "Touch not my anointed one. Do my prophets know how." And he says, "You are kings and priests. You are anointed. You are inspired by our God." Who is the original life? Amen. You've been restored back to that original power by the original life. Then as she nears her headstone which is becoming like him as we are coming as we are coming near the headstone becoming like Christ through the word. Jesus will come that the bride and the groom be forever united as one. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's where we are headed first. We are not here to build an organization. We're not building something here. Amen. This is what we are building to the bride and the groom to be united as well. Amen. Amen. Already the visible manifestations of what I've been telling you are seen all around us. The ecumenical move of the tears is factual. That's the council of churches. The world council of churches. It's already here with us. It's already in the world. It's coming to a time I even heard I don't know whether it is already in functional but I had now you cannot get a passport as a pastor if you're not a member of any of the of this council as a pastor. So you will not be recognized as a preacher. Maybe you put businessman or something. You can't preach. I was kicked out of Ethiopia by the government because I needed to have a a theological college certificate. That's that's how they can receive me. And to get it, you have to join one of their of their of of their seminaries, it would be hypocrisy to say you don't believe in their doctrine and yet you're trained by them. I wouldn't want that woman just able to train me. I'd want the Holy Ghost to train. So I said, "All right, I'll exit." Time will come when this little in in Rwanda you know what what is happening time is coming very soon when this will be global in many of the countries that I I've gone to have a church normally without issues is a problem you have to hide you have to put sound proof you have even in developed especially in developed But the big big big organizations are okay. The problem is you the little little little ones who are not known. Let me finish up here. The ecumenical move of the tears is factual. We have one minute quickly. Is factual. But also it is a fact that the prophet of the last age must be bringing forth a message from God which will for the second coming of the Lord. For by his message with the hearts of the children be turned back to the Pentecost and with the restoration of the word will come the restoration of the power. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. May you may stand on your feet. Let's pray for those on Zoom fast. Father in the name of Jesus, ask your blessing upon your people, Father, that have been following this service. We ask your blessing, Lord. Help us all that we might uh be in Christ. Lord, we might hide oursel in Christ because we know this is real. This is coming. We want to be ready, Lord. Amen. Bless every brother, every sister. And Lord, I pray for those here. I ask that you will come down in such a special way, Lord. And may you make these things a reality to us. May you surround us when the enemy comes in like a flower. May you lift up a standard. Let your presence come upon us. And Lord, may you let the blood of Jesus cover us away from all the clothes that we need. Lord, I pray. Amen. Bless every giver that is going to give now. And Lord, may you multiply whatever they will give. towards your kingdom in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. And you're free to go when you you gave. But let us just worship a little bit now. Surround me, oh Lord. Surround me, oh Lord. Tell him surround me. Surround me. Oh, genuinely from your heart daily. Surround me. Oh, surround me. Surround me. Surround me. Oh Lord. When the enemy comes in like a flash around me, oh Lord. Oh dear Lord, I need you around me, oh Lord. Oh, I need you, Jesus. Surround me, oh Lord. Let your presence Let your presence feel this place surround me. Surround me, oh Lord. Oh, surround me. Father, you can come up here. Oh Lord, God bless you. saying see you on Sunday sing [Music] [Applause] [Music] your praise I praise Aliance to the Lord. With all my strength, with all I am, I will sing to all of his command. How John? [Music] Why am I how precious long ago were both [Music] a ton they were told that he would spell their lies if they would renounce the name of Christ. But one by one they chose to die for the one [Music] tonight. [Music] [Applause] Anges [Music] [Applause] ring I lead to the L with all my strength with all I am Now we will sing to all [Music] our to [Music] now the ears are closed and the ears are born by the co Oh Jesus [Music] Christ to take this world [Music] and one by one you let us leave the light. for the one who died to give us life at the trumpet sound of the final day. [Music] [Applause] Oh, and say I pray. Tell me to love with all my strength with all I am. I will sing to all his [Music] toes. [Music] Oh, I pledge I'll lead you to the Lord. Be all my strength. Be all I am. I will sing to all. [Music] Keep me true. Lord Jesus, keep me true. Keep me true. Lord Jesus, keep me true. There's a rest that I must run. There are victories to be won. Give me power every hour to be true. [Music] Give me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Keep me true. Lord Jesus, keep me true. Oh, there's a rest that I must run. There are victories to be worn power to be true. Oh, hold my hand, Lord Jesus. Hold my hand. Hold my hand, Lord Jesus. Hold my hand. There that I must find the love increase to be. Give me power to be true. Oh, give me true. Lord Jesus, keep me true. Keep me true. Lord Jesus, keep me true. [Music] There's a rest that I must run under victory soon. Give me power to you. Oh, there's a race. There's a rest I must run. There are victories to be born in me. We are to be true. There is always there. And there are victories to be born. Give me power every hour to be true. Keep me true. Oh Jesus, keep me true. Keep me true. Oh Lord Jesus, keep me true. There was strong. There are victories to be worried [Music] to be true. [Music] There's a bless that I must run. There are victories to be won in the power where we are to be free. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
