################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - 25-0706M Our True Origin Pt 8; The Overcoming Power in the Seed, Bro Busobozi Talemwa - Busobozi Talemwa - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-06
Title:   25-0706M Our True Origin Pt 8; The Overcoming Power in the Seed, Bro Busobozi Talemwa
Speaker: Busobozi Talemwa
Church:  Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1OOurL8mYIU
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Let the blind say I can see. It's what the Lord has done for me. Let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Let the blind say I can see is what the Lord has done for me. Hosana. Hosana [Music] to the lamb that was slain. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus died and rose again. Hosana. Hosana to the lamb that was slain. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus died and rose again. Let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am real. Let the blind say I can see is what the Lord has done. Only the blue. Let the weak say I am strong. Let the po say I am rich. Let the blind say I can see is what the Lord. Can you sing that once for me? and bowing. May the poor say I am rich. Let the blind say I can see is what the Lord has done for me. Sing hosana to the lamb [Applause] that was slain. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus died and rose. Hosana. Hosana to the lamb that was slain. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus died and rose again. Oh, let the we let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Let the wind say I can see. It's what the Lord has. One more time. I'll lay down the wings high and let the po say I am rich. Let the blind say I can see is what the Lord has done. Oh, hosana. Hosana to the lamb that was laid. Father, bless Lord Jesus the giver this morning. Father, bless the entire service. Father, I bind all the powers of the enemy. Father that are here Lord Jesus that would hinder us Father from coming full into your presence Lord from receiving from your blessings Father Lord Jesus from receiving your blessings father I bind all the powers of the enemy of the devil this morning I render them all powerlessness Father let us be set free Lord let us be Lord Jesus with peace Lord Father let us be at peace as we are in your presence Father Lord let Nothing Lord distract us Lord Jesus from thee father in the name of Jesus Christ Lord we pray and believe through the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. [Music] Yeah. God bless you saints. Oh God bless you. Good morning. Uh I I'm just requesting you kindly [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. God bless you. I greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. I'm happy to see all of you this morning. Amen. You're welcome in the presence of the Lord. Just feel good. Hallelujah. Do you love him this morning? Amen. Just turn around, shake somebody's hand, say God bless you as we sing. Give me your hand. Let us agree together. Give me your hand. Let us agree together. My enemies will crumble to fear. Through not shall be bound in heaven. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Oh, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord to set ones. We cannot be defeated. Oh, we've got the power. We got the power. Oh, in the name of the Lord. Oh, we've got the power. In the name of Jesus. Oh, we've got the power in the name of the Lord the Satan. We can Oh, we've got the power in the name of for many years, for many years. But on the charge of Jesus is still alive. Make a mighty har. [Music] We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got a power in the name of the Lord. The Satan raised. We've got the power in the name of Oh, sing it again. We got the power. We got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got a power in the name of the Lord. Satan brings. [Music] Oh, we've got the power in the name of the Lord. One more time. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. [Music] We got the power in the name of the Lord Sat. Oh, we've got the power in the name of Lord. Bigger than all my problems. Bigger than him. Oh, God is bigger than any mountain. [Music] Oh, bigger than Yes. Bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain. I can I can see. Oh, bigger than all the shadows. All across my path, God is bigger than any mountain or sea. Oh, bigger than Oh, is bigger than anything. My God is bigger than any mountain. Oh, bigger than any mountain. [Music] Bigger than that, but I cannot cannot see. Oh, bigger than all my creation. It's bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain I can see. Oh, bigger than all the giants. And I believe God is bigger than any mountain. I can cannot see. Oh, bigger than bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain I can can see. Oh, bigger than all my problems. I know my God I cannot see. No bigger than no more. He is bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain I can see. Oh, bigger than all my problem. He's bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain cannot see. Oh, bigger than I know my pressure. Yes. Bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain. Oh, bigger than all my problems. Bigger than anything. Oh, God is bigger than any mountain that I can and cannot see. So bigger than normal question. It's bigger than anything. God is bigger than anything. Oh that I cannot. One more time. Oh, bigger than Yes, he's bigger than anything. My God is bigger than any mountain that I cannot cannot see. [Music] Oh, bigger than anything. God is bigger than any mountain. I can can see. Oh, I am going through. Yes, I am going through and I pay the price. Whatever others do away with all those dispose. Yes, I am going through. Jesus, I am going through. Oh, I am going through. Yes, I am going through. And I pay the price. Whatever highest do. Oh, how say the way we go. Oh, I am going through. I am going. Lord, I have started. Lord, I have started to walk in the light. [Music] So, so bright. I'm the one that is fall. [Music] I'm going through. Oh, I am going through. Yes, I am going through. And I pay a price. Whatever I does to I'll take away with the lost just I am going through Jesus. I am going through start in the rest but with the light refuse to keep peace. Oh, because it is new. Not very many have fit to go through. Oh, I am going through. Yes, I am going through. Oh, I pay the price. I do. Yes, I take away with the loose just pass you and I am going through Jesus I am going through. Oh brother now will you take up the cross? Oh give up the one and come in trust. till the heart to the pool. Then I'm going to go with you. The sand goes in you. Oh, I am going through. Yes, I am going through and I pay the price. Whatever others do out to the way with the loss dispass you I am going through Jesus. I am going through. I'd rather walk with Jesus alone. I have like a stone. Oh living each morning with him. Oh God to go through. I am going. I am going. I am going through this morning. I am going. Oh yes. I pay the price. Whatever I do now, I'll take the real loss few and I am going through Jesus. I am going through. Hallelujah. Give a might clap to the Lord this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Do you love the Lord? Hallelujah. You may be seated for a little while. Hallelujah. Amen. I read a Sunday school report. Uh they learned about walking upright uprightly. They read from the scripture from the book of Psalms. The book of Psalms 84:1. Praise the Lord. 10 children. 10 children were present. The offering was 6,000. Five teachers were present and five par and parents. The teacher was sister Martha. God bless you sister. Amen. Special songs here. Sunday school has a a special song. Amen. Let's give them a hand as they come. Sing their song. God bless you. [Music] God's love is so wonderful. God's love is so wonderful. Oh, wonderful. Love. God's love is so wonderful. God's love is so wonderful. God's love is so wonderful. Oh, wonderful love. So why you can't get over it? So wide that you can't get over it. So wide that you can't get over it. Oh, wonderful love. God's love is so wonderful. God's love is so wonderful. God's love is so wonderful. Oh, wonderful love so deep. It's so deep that you can't get under it. So deep that you can't get under it. Oh, wonderful love. God's love is so wonderful. God's love is so wonderful. God's love is so wonderful. Oh, wonderful. Love so high that you can't get over it. So high that you can't get over it. So wide that you can't get over it. Oh, wonderful love. God's love is so wonderful. God's love is so wonderful. God's love is so wonderful. Oh, wonderful love. God is so wonderful. God's love is so wonderful. God's love is so wonderful. Oh, wonderful love. Amen. God bless you so much. God's love is so wonderful, isn't it? Praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Victor has a song also. Come and sing your song. God bless you, Shash. I'm going to sing one song. God bless you as you listen. For a long time I've traveled down a long lonely road. My heart was so heavy in s. But then I heard about Jesus. What a wonderful. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out to show me the way. Thank God I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. Washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. Saved. Saved. Same by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me up to show me the way. [Music] Like a bird out of prison that's taken it fly like a blind man let go give back his eye like a quarished beard whose phone forune fing I'm so glad I found that he could bring me show me the way. Lord, I am free. Free. Free from this world of sin. [Music] Washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. are saved, saved, saved by his wonderful grace. [Music] I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out to show me the way. [Music] Thank God I am free. Free free from this world of sin. Washed in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Hallelujah. Saved. Saved. Saved by his wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out to show me the way. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me up to show me the way. [Music] God bless you. God bless you so much, brothers. That's so wonderful. Hallelujah. We are free this morning by his blood. Amen. We'll sing one song as we giving our offerings. Little is much, God is in it. Hallelujah. Oh, little is much when God is in need. Lay bone for wealth of fair and you can win if you go in Jesus name. Little is much when God is in need. They bought for wealth or faith and raise our crowns and you can renew in Jesus name. In the highest fields are ripened. There's a one for all to do. The voice of God is calling to the house is calling you. It all is much when God is in it. They bone for wealth or faith. There is a crown and you can be near if you go in Jesus name. Does the place your call to labor seem too small and lead on it is great. If God is in you, he forget his arms. Did all his mar when God is sinning. Lay by not for wealth. And you can win if you go in Jesus name. It all is much as brother Joy is coming. Oh well for fear because of Christ you can win if you go in Jesus name. Are you relentless? [Music] Body one from to kill. You can steal in the battle in the sun. Great place of prayer. It all is much when God is in need. Play by not for [Music] a crown and you can be near and if you go in Jesus name. [Music] God bless you. I greet you all in Jesus name. I believe God has kept you well. Amen. Amen. Uh today is our week 74 since we started collecting for. Praise God. Uh this is how we have contributed today. club for Martin Luther 370,000 [Music] then William Branham Williamham 145,000 then Paul 90,000 Martin also 90 72,000 Johnley 56,000 and then 40,000. God bless you so much. And then from the offering bag, we have 3,000 Then today we have a total of 866,000. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Then from the last meeting we had last week, we agreed that there's some money which you need to subtract. because we we used it but we keep announcing it youth meetings. We are subtracting unpaid pledges but we believe when you play your pledge you shall put it down. So youth meeting and paid pledges. I see we have 4 million and 150. This is this is church members. We need to pay this money. Amen. Amen. Then groups unpaid money. But it is going to be paid. We going to put it back. Yes, it is 5 million and 5,534,000. Amen. this money is going to be paid and we put it back. So from our total we are supposed to announce 97 million 684,000 but we are subtracting 9 million 6. So our balance is 80 million. So every week I'll be updating you what is paid. So may God bless you. [Applause] God bless you, brother Joel. Amen. Do you love the Lord? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's get on our feet. Amen. We have a vistor in our midst. It's brother David from [Music] most welcome [Music] have to be with you this morning. I just went to the church. God bless you so much. Amen. Amen. Oh, do you love the Lord, brethren? [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Has he been so good to you? Praise the Lord. Amen. Shake somebody's hand once again. Amen. I feel good. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, hand in hand you walk each day. Hand in hand along the way. Walking down the God. Oh, how in Jesus. Oh, hand in hand we walk each day. Hand in hand along the way. Walking that's like no strength. Hand in hand with Jesus. Oh hand in hand we walk each day. Hand in hand along the way. Walking there I can on straight running in. Oh, I cannot hear the people singing. [Music] Oh, yes. Hing [Music] along the way. Oh, walking that I cannot see. Oh, sing it again. Oh, as loud as you can sing to the Lord this morning. Just open your heart, your mind. Hallelujah. He is here to set you free, to bless you. Just feel free in the presence of the Lord this morning [Music] with Jesus. Oh, hand in hand we walk each day. Oh, hand in hand along the way. Oh, walking past I can close. Oh yes, hand in hand. One more time. Oh yes, hand in hand we walk each day [Music] in along the way. Lift up your hands if you can and just worship the Lord with all your heart. in Jesus. [Music] So [Music] you see [Music] eyes. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I need Oh, we [Music] Yes. I [Music] name is [Music] your name. [Music] [Music] Oh, he will never leave you alone. [Music] Alina. [Music] I not [Music] [Applause] I not [Music] [Music] tambula [Music] tambula tambula soon to cool it all. Oh. [Music] Oh, tambul. Oh. Oh, tul. [Music] Oh. Oh. Tambula tambul. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, sing it again with all your heart now. to cool. Oh, [Music] tambul. Hallelujah. Why don't you just express yourself before the Lord this morning and speak to him? Talk it over with him this morning. He is here. His presence is with us today. Hallelujah. Tell him that pass me not by your gentle savior. Speak to him with all your heart this morning. [Music] He hears your prayers. Hallelujah. Oh, [Music] I bless your name. [Music] Jesus [Music] Christ. [Music] Godless. [Music] [Applause] Jesus [Music] Christ. Hallelujah. [Music] God. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] God. [Music] Never alone. Never alone. He promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. No, never alone. No, never alone. Jesus promise never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. No, never. Never alone. No, never alone. lead us from never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. Oh no, never alone. No, never alone. hidden never to leave again and never to leave me the first time. I've seen the lightning flashing and how the thunder road. Oh, I fell since breaking stop trying to con my soul of heart. [Music] The voice of my savior. Oh, telling me still to fight. Oh, he promised. Never to leave me alone. Never leave me alone. Sing. No. Never. Never. Alone. No. He will never leave you. My brother. He will never leave you. My sister. He is with you. [Music] Hallelujah. Alone alone. [Music] Never alone. Oh, he promise never to leave me, never to leave me alone. The [Music] below temp sh. I feel a peace in knowing my savior stands between. Oh, he stands to sh. [Music] Oh, when friends are gone, he brought me never to leave me. Oh, never to leave me alone. Sing never alone. Oh, no. Never. Oh, he promised. He promised never to leave me. Yes. To leave me alone. Oh no. Never never [Music] alone. Oh, he promised never to leave me, never to leave me alone. We are in afflictions [Music] and the road of care. My savior helps me to cry. Helps me to carry my rose when heavy to bear. Oh my feet and tangle with barriers ready to cast me down. But my savior, my savior whispers, his promise I give will leave you. Oh, praise the Lord. He will never leave you alone. Alone no. Oh, he promised [Music] never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. Yes. No. Never. Lord. No. Never. I lose. Holy promise never to leave me, never to leave me alone. Oh, he died for me on the mountain for me. the piercing side for me. He opened the maint [Music] [Applause] [Music] for me. He's waiting in the Lord. Oh, sitting. Oh, he promised. He promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. Oh no, never. No, never. Oh, he will never leave me alone. Never. Oh, he was with me everywhere. Never to leave me [Music] alone. No. Hallelujah. [Applause] Never. Oh yes, Lord. He promised never to leave me. He will never leave me alone. Oh, hallelujah. Where would I be if it hasn't been for the Lord? Where would you be? Where would I be this morning? Let us sing that song as our pastor comes this morning. Where would I be? Hallelujah. Oh, where would I be? [Music] You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. Oh, a hopeless kiss, an empty place. [Music] Oh, if not for grave, where would I be? Where would I be? You only know I'm glad you see [Music] through eyes of love. Oh, my hopeless kiss, my empty face. We've known for grace. Amazing grace. [Music] How sweet the sound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Oh, a hopeless kiss. an empty place. If not, precious Lord, precious Lord, please open my eyes. Amen. Lead me home. Dear Lord, let me stand. Oh, you are hopeless and empty. [Music] Sing it again. A precious Lord. Gracious Lord, please take my hand, lead me on, [Music] lead me and let me stand. I hope this king an empty place [Music] full of grace. Sing amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound. I once was Lord. Glory. Now I'm fine. I was a hopeless case, a hopeless case, an empty place, if not for grace. With every eye closed, I want us to understand that we are in the presence of God. But I also understand that we have issues in our individual lives that sometimes hinder us to worship God. But the Bible says that he that comes to God must believe that he is and is a reward of those that diligently seek. May we all come to that realization that the Holy Spirit is here and God is God and he will reward you by the end of the service. If you diligently seek him with all your heart, with everything in you, he will reward you. He will answer your prayer. So for just a moment, why don't you speak to him? Lift up your heart to him. Lift up your voice to him and tell him what you want him to do. Tell him how hungry you are for him. Tell him how thirsty you are for him this morning. Dear Lord Jesus, we are so thirsty for you. We are so hungry for you this morning. Oh Lord, may you come and have your way. May you come and minister to us. May you come, oh God, and let your presence fall. May you wrap us in your arms. John, may you take us out of of the way. May you come, Lord, and be seen. Be glorified this morning. Be magnified. We call on you, oh Lord, for you're the strong and mighty tower where the righteous run into. We are desperate for you this morning. How we desire your word, your word of life. The Bible says, Lord, Thy word is a lamp unto my feet. May you come and light our way, oh God. Light our way through all the trials and troubles and suffering and all the questions and the doubts, oh God. May you come and light our way, oh God. Let your light shine, oh God, in our lives this morning. Oh, how we crave for your presence. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Father Shalom if you can come and help me. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. You are Lord. You are worthy. [Music] I know I can worship you for me for all the things you've done for me. Can somebody worship him this morning? No, I can worship you for me. Sing it again. Lift your voice now. You Lord, you are. [Music] And no one can worship you for me. Tell him for all the things you've done for me. For all the things you've done for me. I know no one can worship you. All right, lift up your hands and tell him, "Here is my worship. Here is my worship. All of my worship. Receive it. Receive my worship. All of my worship. worship. Here is my worship. Here is my worship. Oh, come on. Worship him from your heart now. Tell him everything in you. Receive receive. All of my worship. You Lord, you are worthy. Oh, I want somebody who will worship him in spirit and truth this morning. Forget your surroundings. Forget everything else. For just a few moments, friends, can we worship him from our heart? All the things you've done for me, oh Lord. can worship you. [Music] Here is my worship. [Applause] Lord of my worship. I don't care what I'm going through. Lordship, I simply worship you, Jesus. I know you in control. Hallelujah. All of my worship. Receive my worship. Receive. All of my worship. Come on. Lift it up to him now. Here is my worship. [Applause] All of my worship. Oh, come on church. Lift up your arms and tell him receive my worship. All of my worship. One more time. Tell him my worship. [Music] All of my worship. Receive it. Receive my worship. Hallelujah. All of my worship. [Music] I will not be silent. I will always worship you and I will not be [Applause] norm. [Music] I will always worship you and I will not be silent [Music] bey. [Applause] [Music] I'll not be silent. [Music] I'll not be silent. I'll not be silent. I will worship you. As long as I'm breathing, I don't care what else is happening. As long as I'm breathing, I know you're by my side. Promise never to leave me, father. No, never alone. Hallelujah. Lord, as long as I'm [Music] [Applause] [Music] Don't look at your problems, brother. As long as you're breathing, you can worship him this morning. Hallelujah. It doesn't matter what the devil has tried to do against your life. Amen. The Lord is in control of your life. As long as you're breathing. As long as I'm breathing. Amen. Sing one more time. As long as I'm breathing. to shape you. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Lord, it doesn't matter what the devil's planned against my life. It doesn't matter what I see around me, Lord. As long as I have breath in me, as long as I can still talk. As long as I can still clap my hands. As long as I can still stop my feet. As long as I'm breathing, Lord, I will worship you, Lord, I will lift up my voice. I will lift up, oh God. Even my hands to you, oh father, I will lift up my heart to you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. No matter the disappointments, no matter the questions, Lord, no matter the unseen answers, Lord, I know that I know you promise that you never leave me alone. You never leave us alone this morning. And as long as we are breathing, Father, we are going to worship you, oh God. We are going to lift your name above all names for Jesus. Jesus is a name above every name and every dimension of the name Jesus. Every knee shall bow and every tongue shall confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. Amen. You are Lord over every situation. You are Lord over our life, my father. You are Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, you are here to glorify your holy name. Oh father, what is your name? Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory unto your holy name, father. Oh, thank you Jesus. I worship you, Father. I worship you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord for your grace and your goodness and your love. Oh father we worship you because you are worthy to be worshiped. You are God above all else. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Maybe some people who have the microphones help me sing that we bless you on highest place. Hallelujah. For you are the high priest. Jesus is the high priest this morning. He can be touched by the feelings of your infirmities. Place him in the highest place. Higher than your trouble, higher than your problem, higher than your question, higher than your doubts. Because it's God above all else. We bless you in the highest place. Come on, lift up your voice now. For you are the great high priest. Tell him now from your heart, we bless you [Music] high above. [Music] Oh L. [Music] And we come to you to worship at your feet. I don't care whether you don't know how to sing it. You can do what we are singing right now and you worship him this morning. As we sing that one more time, we bless you. Every eye closed now. If you can lift up your hands now in the highest place for you and a great high praise we bless You [Music] above [Music] all [Music] and we come to you this morning You are sheep at your feet [Applause] and we come to you to sheep at your feet. [Music] Oh my god. Yes. Oh, sing. I sing about now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my god. [Music] [Applause] Oh god. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Yes. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Oh yes. Let's let's speak to him. Father, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, we come before you, Lord, approaching your throne of mercy this morning. Lord Jesus, we don't take this moment for granted that your children have come from both near and far, but they have come to visit with the king. They have come to dine on your table. Father Lord, I'm very cognizant of the fact that you are here and you are here to feed us. Lord, every need that you see on the hearts of your people. May you provide, Lord. Take me out of the way. I have nothing good in myself, but I'm relying and depending on you completely. But Lord, if you can come and take control of the vessel that your people shall be fed, that their needs shall be met and they will be joyful in their hearts knowing that the Lord minister to them. Father, I pray that you bless everyone young and old, small and big, wherever we might belong, and everyone under the sound of my voice. And even this those connecting to this service from afar, meet each of our needs as well. In the precious name of our Lord, amen. Amen. The Lord bless you, saints. You can take your seat for just a moment. I just want to greet you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Turn to your neighbor, tell them God bless you. You're welcome. Um I also want to um I want to bring greetings from uh one of the ministers in Ethiopia, brother Asaged. I yesterday, you know, he sent me a picture of him and his entire family streaming our Wednesday service. He told me they usually do that on on Saturdays, but he asked that I I greet the the church. Amen. Amen. And also many of our friends many times they give me greetings and I forget to bring them to you. Uh but uh just know that many love you all over the world and many usually send their greetings. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. Amen. Um, brother Martin, I did not see the note. Did Did it come through? There are quite a lot of things here. Sometimes I'm left notes and I miss them because sometimes the song leave many notes around here. So the song always remember to take away. Um yeah before I read this I just wanted to also mention um and make a few corrections [Music] from what brother Joel has read he mentioned and I just want to correct that statement. where he said we reduced we used the funds and reduced it from the meeting that we had. We we found that funds which was used on the youth camp that was not previously pledged or whatsoever. uh that was a tune of 30.5 million shillings. We agreed that we will not reduce it from our land fund and I single-handedly made that decision to use those funds on the youth camp and I said I'll take responsibility to look for it and paid and I also ask that if there is anybody who wants to come and show down that burden. You know these are funds that were used for the work of God. You are welcome to come and do that. That did not reflect anywhere in what our brother read. [Music] We are counting it as if as though we have already we already have it. that is not a burden that we have placed on the church. However, the amount that he mentioned that was removed from the land fund his funds that have already been pledged and have not been paid. Um the first pledges we have taken from those that had pledged to support the youth camp. A brother mentioned to me that people don't know whether they have debts or not. [Music] So, brother Daniel, this figure I didn't take I didn't make it up. You gave it to me. Daniel and brother Joel, please develop a list, a detailed list pledged for the youth camp and did not fulfill their wish so that they can be duly informed and uh they will know that they they have something they have to pay. Um, also I learned one of those is um a sister, sister Rose. She's not here. She might actually be following online. I don't know. But uh you know, I think pledged a certain amount. I don't know how much. And uh uh she then gave march towards the youth camp and presumed that her debt was fully paid. But that's different. So if you had pledged you have to fulfill the pledge because it was it was announced and then also from the youth I mean from the groups especially there are two main groups William Brham and Martin Luther those um will also be provided of those lists. that you take care of those debts as well. Those two debts are the ones that have been subtracted from the overall total, which is the money, the funds we have pledged to give and we have not given. Is that understood? Amen. So going forward until those debts are paid the brother will announce what we have not what we expect to have and when these debts are paid then they can be added on the overhead. Then also we agreed last uh last week that those of you who are in you know a member of the different groups uh please do not pledge. Give what you have. Give what you have. I believe that's what giving is. Don't overstress yourself. Give what you have also don't think there is anything too small. Give what you can. And uh these brothers and the the team leaders and the sisters we want them to announce only what has been given not what is expected to be given. So the team leaders be sure if you tell the uh treasurers that you have so much money you have it in cash we will receive it uh on Sunday not later than Sunday because if we keep announcing funds and it's not on the account is not received. Then when we reduce it this way, it feels like as if there is something questionable, which is not the case. We just make sure that you give what you have and what you can. And also lastly we on the on this issue we found out that there are many brethren among us here that are not giving at all. You had the march which was announced on our land fund today. I do not know I've not I did not ask them to give me a report but if we make a report you might find that only about 15 people have given from all the seven groups. So brethren, I'm just as your pastor, I'm asking you to put your shoulders to the wheel and our income is not the same, our ability is not the same. But if our purpose and vision is the same, then we are all going to do what we can in our little way. to support the cause. If you are not in any of the groups, please join one and ensure that at least within a week you give what you can. I have a note here and I think that's all for now regarding the land fund. Today marks 10 years since u I stood before God. family and friends and and I said I do to the love of my life a woman of beauty strength and wavering grace I'm reading a note from a brother a decade later I stand with even greater conviction to say marriage is truly a gift from God. In these 10 years, we have laughed, cried, prayed, fallen, and risen always together. God has blessed us with not only love that endures, but also with beautiful children who daily reminds us that love multiplies when rooted in Christ to his dear wife. He says, "Thanks for walking this journey with with him for your these are words now from your husband, sister. I'm reading them. These are words now to one person from one man. He says, "Thanks for walking this journey with me for your loyalty, laughter, prayers, daily sacrifices. You made our house, our home, and our heart a heaven. You are truly God's reward in my life. I did not know brother Martin is brother has this kind of love. Love is a beautiful thing. He says as we celebrate this 10th anniversary I look back with gratitude and ahead with great expectations. With God at the center, we shall reach the goal. This is from brother Shalom family. Shalom. Amen. I'd like to to to say we appreciate you, brother Martin. And we want to congratulate you on your 10th marriage anniversary. Amen. Amen. It's wonderful to celebrate love always. And brother, if you want to give a gift and a gift, you want to buy something for them. Feel free. I'm sure they will love it. Father, we should learn to celebrate one another. To celebrate one another, to celebrate one another. You understand? We should always look at them and want the best for them. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. I see him as a a pillow. God bless you. Nice to be with you today in the congregation. This is the father, the grandfather of brother polycap. Not only brother polyup but also someone here and we are so happy to be with you, sir. Amen. Amen. Uh I I thought I saw a few faces that are new today. Shall we stand? And we just go to the word. We happy to see brother here. He was sick. He was not able to be here on Wednesday. Amen. [Applause] [Laughter] Amen. God bless you brother. We appreciate you so much. Amen. My brother, nice to see you and it's been a while. God bless you. We are going to the book of Matthew chapter 13. There are days when I uh preach without quoting from the message of brother Bernham and there are days when all my preaching is filled with quotes. It's not there's no method to it. It's just leadership and this service is one of those that are going to be filled with a lot of quotes and the media department. I pray that you help me project those both online and here so that people can as well follow. Now we are reading out of the book of Matthew 13 24. And we are reading um a few verses out of that. Amen. And and we're reading from 24 to 30. And another parable put he forth unto them, saying, "The kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field. But while men slept, his enemy came and saw tears among the wheat and went his way. But when the blade was sprung up and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tears also. So the servants of the householder came and said unto him, Sir, did not thou s good seed in the in thy field? From whence then hast tears? He said unto them, An enemy has done this. The servant said unto him, "Wilt to thou then that we go and gather them up?" But he said, "Nay, lest while ye gather up the tears, ye root up also the wheat with them. Let both grow together until the harvest. And in the time of of harvest, I would say to the reapers, gather ye together first the tears, and bind them in bundles to burn them, but gather the wheat into my barn. [Music] Foreignech. [Music] [Music] Uganda. Amen. Amen. Let us pray. Precious Lord, we approach your throne right now this morning. Lord, when I look at myself, my abilities, I don't see how I can speak to these people to a point where I can say you have spoken to them. But Lord, if you can come and take me out of the way and help me to yield to you, then surely you can use me, Lord, to speak to your children. Father, even my brother, the interpreter, I also commit him to you. Father, it's a very soft moment this morning, a time where we can sit, relax, and hear from you. Lord, may you speak to each one according to their needs in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Please be seated. Hallelujah. Amen. There's a young man, Kevin. Is is brother Kevin here? If you're here, just lift up your hands. I've been looking at you, but I did not recognize you. I spoke a little bit about him in the in the wedding the other day in in the graduation. So I'm so happy to see you today. Please join me to welcome him. God bless you. Thank you for coming. Where is Sister Peace? Ah I am I'm used to seeing you here. So uh congratulations. Let us all congratulate her. Amen. We were at her graduation party yesterday. And uh I know that people were invited on Wednesday. Those of you complaining, we are not invited. You just missed the Wednesday service. That's how you did not know about it. Most of the people who are here on Wednesday then we got to learn that we were invited and it was a good time that we had. I also believe in sharing the word is brother Julius here also. No, can you lift up your hands? You brothers are changing seats. God bless you. Brother Julius was in inaital last Sunday and he told me he brought he brings greetings from there. Amen. Amen. So, I'm going to um I have a like I told you, it's been a lot of things on my heart to share with the church here since the past since since the past few weeks. I do not know how far we'll go, but I just pray that you pray for me. and uh those on the media department I don't know how you are going to title it but I'm really continuing with our series and this morning I'm speaking on a subject overcoming overcoming power in the seat overcoming power in the seat ask your neighbor are you ready for the word amen praise the Lord Remember, it's not the preacher that preaches. It is the congregation that makes the preacher preach. And if there is a congregation that I love, it is here at DVM. And you really know how to make a preacher preach. But when you preach to a congregation that is dozing, sleeping, tired, very official, they don't want to say amen. then the Holy Spirit cannot move. But you know how to make the Holy Spirit move and may God bless you for that. So um overcoming power in the sin. Did you know what overcomes the world is not in anything that is out of you? What overcomes the world is something that is already in you. We are not made children of God. The preaching of the word, listen carefully, the preaching of this word does not make you a child of God. It makes you understand. You are a child of God. The preaching of the word does not change you from a pig to a sheep. [Music] Do you understand what I'm saying? The preaching of the word makes a sheep that is lost remember who they are come out of the pig pen and come back to where they belong. You remember the prodigal son. That is how that's the purpose of the preaching of the gospel is for the prodigos. That's why we say for the lost. We are preaching to the lost. We are not preaching to the sin. The ones who who are not lost. We are preaching to the lost. The sinners the ones we call sinners are the lost. If I have a child and I lose my child then I would say my child is lost but to begin with he is my child. So I am not looking for a child I have never born. If you have never bore a child you cannot say my my child got lost. Imagine if brother Marvin here begin saying I'm looking for my lost children. Everybody will look at you and say, "So brother, you have been here lying to us thinking you are a good young man who is holy who is not moving around." So you have children. You understand the concept. So brother Marvin can't say he has lost children. If he knew if he knows the way he has lived. But if you know you have had children in your life biologically and you don't have any now, but you know they are somewhere in the world. Then you will have a thirst and a hunger to go look and find them. Wherever they are, you you you you will be determined. I have to find my lost children because they were yours to begin with. So, can they be lost? Not forever because they were meant to be with you. They came from you. So, they belong with you and they belong in you. Are you hearing me? Now take it spiritually. God has not come to save everyone in the world. John 3:16. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whoever believeth in him shall shall shall not shall have everlasting life. Whosoever believeth in him, oh may God help us to see what you hear what I'm saying and open your heart now. Those that were in the mind of God, the Bible says, those that he forneew, he also predestinated to be conformed to the image of son. Meaning those that he predestinated, he forneew, where were they? Did they pre-exist? No, we did not preexist. But we were in his mind. We were in him before we came into manifestation. Are you hearing me? So the seed of God is in us. But you cannot know who is who because sin came in. When the sin barrier came in, it blocked everyone from coming into the glory of God. Another Bible says, "For all have sinned and all have come short of the glory of God." Now listen, church, sin is not wrongdoing. Everyone a seed of God and the serpent sin will do wrongdoing. Are you following me? They will all do wrongdoing. So what determines who we are? It is not what we have done. You might do good all your life when you are not a seed of God. [Music] We have examples in the richer. Oh this good man he come to himself good man. What shall I do in order to inherit eternal life? What did Jesus answer? He said, "You know the law, go and do the works of the law." He said, "That what I've done since I was a child. I have never murdered him. I've never, you know, lied. I have never, you know, all the ten commandments, he mentioned them. And he had never broken any of them. Are you following me? Never broken any of he had a void in his heart. He felt the law was not enough. The works he had done were not enough. He needed something else which cannot be attained by the works of the law. Jesus being who he was. You know, is this not a scripture that I I was meant to read today? But now that I've said it, let's go over it a little bit. May God help you so that you can preach this as well. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Pray for us here. God is about to give you something which is going to help you. This rich young man when he came he said good man. Jesus answered what? He said why do you call me good? Only God is good. Do you realize what Jesus was saying right there? Jesus did not deny to be good but he he said only God is good. The fact that he did not deny he is good means he accepted he is God and he was actually telling this young woman. I expect you know who you are talking to. You are calling me good. Only God is good. Just know which means if you're calling me good then you have come to me. You must believe that I am. Amen. I am God. I am good. I am able to save you. I'm able to fill the void in your heart. about this that younger man missed it. When you come to God and you miss who God is, God is the word. But when you come to God and you do not receive him, no matter what he says, it can never save you. No matter what he did, he can never save you. But this young man, he was told everything to do. He said, "I've done that." He said, "All right, there is one more thing." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There is one more thing you must do. Sell everything you have. Give to the poor. Come follow who? Come follow who? Who are you? the word. Did this man understand it? No, he missed it. And because he missed it, he could not get salvation. He missed it. When did he miss it? When Jesus said, "There is none that is good. Only God is good. That's when he missed it. He had never understood. It's not about what the law says. The law came for one reason. That people may be holy even as God is holy. For the law is for the end reason, not the process. So, it's all about you being holy. It's all about you being holy. It is all about you being holy. Not fulfilling the law, but being holy as God. The law was a school master to bring us to real true holiness. Real true holiness is Jesus Christ. Real true holiness is the full word of God. But this young man did not understand all the law and all the prophets spoke about the man standing before him. This younger man did understand. And when Jesus said God said everything you give to the poor come follow me. He did not understand why. You who is poor, you has nothing. You has no place where you sell all my goods. I come follow you. I cannot. The Bible says, "Hear me. Hear me." The Bible says he walked away sad in his heart because he had a lot of wealth. He missed it. But if he had attained it, if he had received it, he would have understood everything else does not matter. But the word matters and the word at that time Jesus Christ himself standing before him, but he missed it. And even today, people still miss it. People still miss it. Praise the name of the Lord. May God help you this morning so that you do not miss it. Tell your neighbor, do not miss it. So the kingdom of of heaven here in the in in the in the in the place where we have read is likening it onto a man which sold good seed in his field and I was talking to you about a seed and how the power is in the seed. You see before we we continue with this verse I I was trying to show you try and demonstrate for you that the power is not in the preaching of the gospel as much as it is. But the power is in the seed. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son. Whosoever believeth shall not perish. Did this young man believe in him? Did he believe? You are absent. Am I preaching to 10 people? Did this young man believe in him? What did he do? He it he felt it was very hard and he walked away. Why? Oh, this is the most interesting part. Why did he believe? He never received revelation. Why didn't he receive the virgin? Because he was not a seed. Only the seed of God will receive the true revelation of the word. Upon this rock, upon this revelation, I will build my church. And the gates of hell shall never prevail. against the church of Jesus built upon the revelation but only the seed of God every generation receive the revelation receive revelation never receive revelation hallelujah s the original sin they ate apples He gave apples. No revelation. But here is one with revelation. What did he give? He gave blood. He gave a sacrifice because he had received a revelation. S came in by mixing blood. Will be taken away. shedding of blood. That was a revelation and a true church built upon the revelation of the word. The revelation of Jesus Christ, the revelation of your word. Jesus Christ and the word is the same. [Applause] Amen. Hallelujah. I feel like beginning to preach. and then came God in the garden of Eden. He began his sermon. His sermon title that day was if thou will believe. He didn't have to open any book. He was the book because he was the same yesterday done forever. He saw what had happened and he turned to Cain and he began preaching. Oh Cain my son, if thou doest good, will you not be received? Will you not be accepted? Repent of your ways. Do good and I will accept you. And Cain looked on. Cain could not accept when God punished him. He said, "My punishment is too great." And he was the first human being to receive the mark of the beast. Some I had thank God for this message of I had one one one preacher saying, "Oh, and and Cain cried." He said, "Oh God, the punishment you have given me is too great." And God said, "It's all right, my son. I put a mark on you, but whosoever sees you and he kills you, you will be you will be avenged for and this mark will protect you from being killed." And then the preacher began saying, "May God give you the same, [Music] I'm glad you never said amen." because you are a true message believer who has a revelation. You go in the book of revelation. The Bible says that it shall it shall cause both small and great to receive a mark on their forehead or in their right hand. And this mark those who have it they will not be killed. When the tribulation begins they will not be killed. They will not be persecuted because they have the mark. What is the secret? The devil does not persecute his. That's the mark of the beast. They marked away. from the word from God. But God gives his a life which is the Holy Ghost. But Cain received the mark of the mirror. It was to show was not a seed of God. And Cain can never be a seed of God. And that's why you could not overcome. You could not believe the first sermon. You could not believe the good news brought. You could not bring believe the gospel was preached. It doesn't matter. Our preacher is preaching. Sometimes we preach until we want to die on the pullpit. But if you have no seat or life in you, you will still walk away and you will not believe it. That is why we do we don't believe in babing people. Please stay. Please don't go. Okay. We shall change what we are preaching. Okay. Now women can dress the way they want. No, we will preach what the word say. We will say what the say what the Bible say. If you want to walk away, you walk away. But Jesus say my sheep know my voice. They can never walk away. That's why brother, we need a word. We need a word. We need a church people are charged up eat and feed on the word. That's what we need. The rapture is going to be for a word bride. Amen. It's not going to be a church for people who receive so many miracles. You can receive all you want. And it's our portion. We should also receive the miracles. Am I preaching to you, brother? Stay with me now. Are you following me? We believe in miracles. Tell your neighbor, we believe in miracles. We believe in signs and wonders. But today there is a revelation that God is going to give you that will deficiate then you may know where you are standing. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I see a lot of people moving around that's really distracting the Holy Spirit. Please stop it. So let's continue here. You see whenever we are going into another room then somebody begins to move around. It affects very much and if the Holy Spirit is grieved because those of you moving around I don't know whether he will bless you. So please stay put and stay focused. There are those who are going to stay focused and hear what the spirit has for you this morning. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. So the seed you can bury it but the seed will always sprout. The seed will always receive the word. The seed will always bring forth of its kind. So overcoming power is not something you attain. Overcoming power is already in you. If you are a seed of God, as long as the word is preached, as long as the word, the seed in you will be quickened. Will be quickened. You see now why it is important for us to have a world church. Meaning a place where the word is emphasized. We believe in signs of miracles as the power of God. But that is the minor of the gospel. The major of the gospel is the opening of the word and the bride major on a major. We don't major on a minor, we major on the major. We emphasize the important things. We emphasize the things that make us alive. That is why Jesus said the sign shall follow. What are you following? You are not following the sign. are following the word and the signs must follow. God will believe in the word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. So the kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sold good seed in the field. But while men slept his enemy and right I'll tell you what the men are the disciples the messengers when they slept when they died. Then the tears started to be sold. Apostle Paul had warned the church and he told them when we are going grievous wolves shall come. Those are the ones who came and saw the tears. The the the the the field is your heart. The church, you see, and and the seed that has been planted in you is the word. And you yourself, you are a seed. All right. Now, follow me closely. I promise to read a lot of quotes and I'm going to begin with one here in the discrepancy. What is the seed of discrepancy? And now as we approach this of this sewing of the seed and reaping now he interprets it. And then I believe that Jesus was speaking this parable in his day but was meaning it to be at the end of the world. the end of the age which is this day. And I believe this little text tonight is very appropriate for the hour that we are living in. Because Jesus distinctly said here that a gathering would be at the end of this world. that there is when the end would be the gathering of the wheat and also the gathering of the tears. Now the tires are the bad seed which was sown by the bad swer are you following me? The good seed is the elect, the word bride which was sown by God. They were but the tires were sown by the bad Satan and other denominations. They formed groups and groups and bands. But Jesus said, "Do not uproot the bad seed. Let it grow together in the same field of Christianity. Let them go together where men shall be separated from women of any time. That's when Amen. The blade the bread he called it you know the the it will be sprung up the blade will be sprung up and it will begin to shift and cut. The tears they will be bundled together for the burning and the wheat will be bundled together and burn the rapture. It will all be in the end time. But Jesus said, "Let it grow together." So we have a church called the church of Jesus. Do not ever think every soalled Christian is a true Christian. Do not ever think every soal believer is a genuine believer. We have to see it and they growing side by side. We don't know who is who, but there is a time when our seeds are going to be separated. And that time is the end time. It is no longer in the future. We have arrived in the end time. There is no other age. Like it says the very last age. Give me the picture of the of the golden candlestick. We're in the very last chapter and after this the rapture is the only thing going. So this is important. We talk about it in this hour. That's when the end would be the gathering of the wheat and also the gathering of the tears and the burning of them. and they will take the wheat into the kingdom. All right. I continue here. Now, I'm going to read you a story. You see right here, this is the first church age. Ephesus. Paul was the apostle, the messenger to the Gentiles. And you can see all the way that seed has been growing to when you read Revelation 1 23 whenever he talks about a church he says to the church of Ephesus to the messenger of the church. So he is talking he's addressing the church but within that church if you read the things he's talking about that church you can see he's addressing two different churches within one church in every church age because that se has been twice growing. side by side inter side by side and we don't know which is we but he say at the time of the end the blood will be sprung and when it is then there's going to be a separation between the wheat and the tears Ask your neighbor, are you a witch or a Don't tell me that abusers and you go away. It was a question because we don't know now who is a wareh that's 5% of you can preach the 5% of you do you want to know let's get deeper now there is this story that brother gives and I think same message uh uh uh paragraph 8. Now he he gives this story when William Brham was starting his ministry and uh he this we're talking about the year 1933 there about and he's telling this story in 1965 and he is now telling the people when he first came among the Pentecost Remember for him he was born a prophet. He had a sign. He had supernatural uh gift. He could discern people. You could know who is who. Uh but you know he was a Baptist by denomination at the time. So now he gets him introduced to the Pentecostal people. And here in his own words, he tells the story. You are about to find out something very amazing. All right, brother. Give me the words so the people can follow. I remember my first experience of ever coming among the Pentecostal people. I was at Mishawaka Indiana and I was at a great convention. a whole about like this where north and south had come together because them days of the segregation they had to meet up there. There were two great orders of the Pentecostal brethren. I had never heard of them or met them before. The first time I ever heard speaking in tongues, it was there at the end of the row of the convention. Me being not a member among them, I was just a Baptist young minister. I was seated way in the back. And I remember the first time I heard anyone speak in tongues. I didn't even know that what it was all about. And then these two men mainly they sat up in the front. One would speak in tongues and another one would interpret what the man had said. And I'm so thankful that we have seen that happen in our church here. Amen. It is a blessing that we can still have a church where tongues are heard and interpretation is received. Brother Bam here was experiencing it for the first time. Well, I just started studying by my Bible because he had never seen it before. I almost didn't say it but let me say and today we have a lot of message Baptists who have not ever seen it before. For brother Bam was a Baptist Baptist. They never seen it before. May God give us churches, fellowships, altars where the true Pentecostal message will be preached, where we will still see signs and wonders, tongues and interpretation, visions and prophecy. Amen. Amen. That's the kind of church I want. Not a dead Baptist religion. We want a real living God. [Applause] Amen. So listen as I follow the story and I remember the first time I heard you know these two men you know were seated where I just started studying my Bible as hard as I could then there and I found out one scripture but that was scriptural. Amen. Can you say that is scriptural and interpretation is scriptural? If you don't like it, I'm sorry. You are dev here. We believe in tong and interpretation. That's exactly what the scripture the Holy Spirit would do. Brother, we are not singing this song. Oh, is this a song? No, it's a quote. All right. You don't have the table software. Oh, sorry for you, brother Marvin. Get it next time, please. All right. Well, let's let's continue to paragraph 12. After that, I thought, well, if brother Marvin doesn't have the quote, I'm sure brother is reading it properly. You listen after that. Why? I thought if I could only get where these two men main men was that spoke in tongues and interpreted it was burning in my heart. I wanted it so bad. Well, as I've told you at the beginning, a little gift that you pull over, you know, gifts and callings are without repentance. You have them all your life. You are born with them. If if they are gifts of God, if you have a gift, it does not necessarily mean you are a very wellestablished brother or sister. It does not mean you are now mature spiritually. You can be gifted and still a baby in Christ. You are born with those gifts. I have children who can prophesy and things happen but they are babies both in Christ and in age you are born with them. That's what he says. But I thought if I could ever talk to them where the spirit that was in the building felt like it really was the spirit of God. So I got to talk to them and I asked to this man one of them a few questions and I found he was a real genuine Christian. There was no doubt about that. That man was a real believer saw a vision about him. He discerned him and he could see he's a true Christian. But he then he goes to the next man maybe the one who was interpreting or the one who had spoken to and the next man when I talked to him if I have ever met a hypocrite that was one of them and he had children two children by a blackheaded woman Yet his wife was a blondheaded woman. Are you following now? Okay. And I thought, well, now what? Here it is. I am all mixed up. I'm a fundamentalist. It must be the word or it is not right. reading this. Listen well. Don't disconnect. Stay connected. You know those who love the message will stay. All right. Here, brother Brham is talking about what he felt. He met one man, designed him and he saw he was a genuine one of the people who was speaking in tong and then he saw another one. He designed him and he saw he was a rascal. He is even an adouer. He said what? He by his gift he could see that and yet the people the words they were prophesying and interpreting were true we are right. So he he was confused. He was mixed up and he said for him he's a fundamentalist. It is either in the word or it is not. So he wanted to quickly dismiss their gifts. But I hear that spirit one rang out according to all I know genuine and the other one was not good at all. The spirit falling on both of them. How can that be? It had person. And I'm going to skip go to paragraph 16 and I read you this. Now these real visions come without pulling into energy. He's now talking about how visions work. How many times, you know, my wife sees visions and I know she can just you can be talking there and then she begins to see a vision. He says a vision to see a vision. It just happens. And he says, I looked now in a vision and I saw the earth was turning out in front of me and I seen it was all disked up. There was a man dressed in white. He went around sowing wheat. And after he went around the cvature of the earth and around came a man looking horrible. He was dressed in black and he was throwing weeds all over the earth. If some people know how to do skits, believers, they would have done this into a ski. Very good. They both come up together. And they did. And when they did, they both was thirsty. All the seed both of them were thirsty. M and when they did because a rain was needed and each one looked like he was praying. [Music] They were all withered with his little head bent over. Lord send both those seeds, the weed seeds. and the wheat seats. If you're following, say amen. And the great clouds come up. This is still a vision. And a rain fell upon both of them. When it did, the little wheat jumped up and begin to say, "The little wheat, the the wheat, yes." and began to say, "Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord." And a little weed also. It jumped up right at the same side and said, "Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord." The wheat is praising the Lord. Brother Samuel and the wheat is also praising Lord. The wheat needed rain. The seed needed rain. Both of them prayed. They were thirsty for rain. Oh God, send your to send your anointing. Send it. They both praying. And God answered, "Heavens opened and a gush of the water. The spirit came down upon the wheat and upon the sea." The wheat jumped up and said, "Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord." The weed, the weed also jumped up at the same time on the side of the wheat and began also saying, "Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord." Are you following? Okay. It's like a teaching. So, you learn something here. And the great Okay. Now, let's let's let's follow down here. Now, and then the vision was interpreted. The rain falls on the just and the unjust. The same spirit can fall in a meeting and everybody rejoice in it. Hypocrites, Christians all together. Exactly. Right. If I see you dozing, I'm going to call out your name. And from the microphone, I'll tell you, brother, you are dozing. But what is it? You know, you know, let me first suppose brethren, stop. Stop oppressing the Holy Spirit. Please let us stop. We are the ones who force our ministers to to want to become the take it receive it. Our generation is spoiled. I'm telling the truth. If you go to a church and taking receive it, you can't even get any sleep that day. You will be jumping all over. You get it? But when we go into the depth, the real food, meat, we have to go into food. Let's get into the food. But when we start, some of you who don't feed on the word during the week, you get bored and you begin losing. We can know your spiritual level by that. Let us be a word church. Help me to preach the word. Enjoy the word. Amen. Don't worry. I'm not scing you. I'm speaking to you as your pastor. I love you. I want us to come and enjoy the word. Or else if you can't preach the word, and we enjoy it, then I'm going to give you food and and food will not make you grow as a son of God. Amen. How many of you are going to enjoy the word? God bless you. Tell me to go deeper by your receiving. All right, for sure I may not conclude today, but let me push on. And then a vision was interpreted. The rain falls on the just and the unjust. The same spirit can fall in a meeting and everybody rejoicing it. Hypocrites, Christians and all. Exactly right. But what is it? By their fruit you shall know them. That's the only way it can ever be known. We are in a day when we need to preach this. Wild wheat and grain sometimes impersonates a genuine domestic grain [Music] for clothes. that it would deceive the very elected. I think he says we are living in a timely age when these things should be preached on and talked about. Let me tell you something. William Brham was a great man of God. God used him. Everyone in the world agrees. All the preachers agree. They do not agree with him on the portion of the of the preaching of the word because whatever he told they disagreed with their theology but even the gift he had many have tried to impersonate until you have fought it was the same But let me tell you, none of them operated on the same level like him because he was a prophet of a generation. Then they will have hit and miss. Some of them are right, others are not right. You have seen it even in our generation. Someone will stand up and say, "Praise God. There is someone around here. Your name, your name is Joseph. Joseph, your name is Enoch." Of course, there are 10,000 people around you. [Music] Enoch will come running. I'm the one. Enoch, what the spirit of God is showing you. You You have I see three boys, two guys. Yes, my brothers are three. I have two sisters. So this man will be helping Dan to give the prophet. There is one I he said I see ABCD. Is it true? No. No prophet. Is it true? No prophet. You get a point. We have not come to a place try and impersonate. But we have the impersonators. God has genuine gifts. But you but every now now listen to this. Every gift that God has, it can be impersonated by Satan. There is no gift that God has that Satan cannot try to impersonate. So if you are going to be a person that will be driven by gifts, you are going to be misled. Why? You may be under feeling the wrong thing. thinking because this uh uh church is gifted, oh this prophet is gifted or that man of God is gifted. But we have we have been taught well and we have been showed here in the end time. We shall have faults anointed ones. The anointing sometimes is not false. But they themselves are found because they are not giving the people the word of truth. So we don't have the problem with the anointing. I am one person who respects the anointing no matter who has it. I have never felt intimidated. Oh because so and so They have anointing. No problem. Anointing can be anywhere because the rain falls on the just and the bad, on the good and the bad. It is God, the spirit of God, the anointing of God. Some pastors fear gifts in the church. They say gifts break the church. No, if the church is well founded on the word, gifts cannot break the church. If you are well taught, if you are you are founded on the principles of Christ, the word gifts will defy you not breaking. But where you find there's a little gift and everybody begins to follow and then when this person begins to feel oh I am needed I'm wanted then they begin to charge them. If you want to see the man of God being 100,000 seed how can you see the man of God on empty hands. You see Is these things happening? It's what we have seen here. The the spirit of God will fall on the B. I'm trying to show you something where overcoming power is. You have to know who you are. You are not a tear. You are the seed of God. The seed will desire one thing. the word so that the word can activate so that the spirit can activate it. Before I even continue, let me show you something. When the spirit of God comes on the tear and comes on the wheat, they all rejoice under the anointing. They all grow under the anointing. Can you imagine that? They all grow, they all rejoice and they look alike. But there is a time sister when there is going to be a time of separation. Amen. That time is when we are going to know which one is the wheat, which one is the seed. Because the seed, the fruit will show the origin. Amen. The anointing, the spirit, the word will mature big plants. So as you are here listening to the word, you are maturing. Whatever is in you, you are maturing. That's why sometimes we have people in the church. The more they come, the more worse they become. Why? Because the seed in them is being Amen. is growing by the word. But but the word can never change the seed in you. The word can only mature what you are. The word can only manifest what is in you. That is why brother sister if you want to know who you are feed on the word every day of your life and then soon you will realize you are a child of God. You are a son of God and you will no longer be defeated by the demons which were defeated and then you will begin to overcome your problems. Why? Because now you are coming to maturity. Hallelujah. We want everybody to come to church. The only way you can know who you are is by coming to church and hear the word. I disagree with people who put restrictions on people who want to come to church. Don't come because you are not worthy. What is wrong with you? Church is for people who are wealthy and people who are unworthy. The word will manifest who they are. If their hair looks like it is going to fly away, let them come and see. You deacons, show them love. Don't show them attitude. or their hair looks like it is flying away because they have cut a certain style. Leave them. Let them come and see and let us preach the word. If this man is a s one day you will wake up and you will realize what happened. is maturing. Laws can never mature anyone. Laws make or produce hypocrites. We don't want a church that is a bunch of hypocrites. We want a church that is full of people who are on fire. Don't you worry about the others who are not the wit. They will walk away. Hallelujah. That's the best communication. They will walk away. Some of you who have worldly friends and you are so worried about chasing them from yourself. Don't worry about that. Love your worldly friends. And I mean it. If they are few friends already, keep loving them the best way you know how to. And the way while you are at it, bring them to church. Talk about your God. Do not bring down your principles because of them. If they are a seed, they will become hungry for what you have. If they are not, They will walk away from you by themselves. Hallelujah. Let me tell you, legalism is a seed for hypocrisy. [Music] And if you find many so-called Christians are hypocrites. But what do we need in place of we need people to come and sit under the power of the word. You may not even feel anything happening. The more you hear the word, the more something is happening in you. But the problem is the devil can't allow you to sit for so long under the water. You will walk away. You come, you walk, you walk. You don't come consecutively. You come to church religiously. You know, you come when you want. That's a problem. Be dedicated. These people who are borderline Christians, they will be the most sad when the rapture goes. They know so much in church. Not so much to reveal who they are. They know so much in the world. Not so much to become fully worldly. So they in the middle [Music] when the rapture happens. That's when they would say they would tell the rapture happen we are left behind. They will become the preachers in the tribulation. What is the rapture? They will begin explaining. The rapture is the catching away of the bride. So who is the bride? They have gone. What about you? How did you know this? How did you know? My friend, I also don't know. I thought I was the bride. But the problem is you you were pulling me and so I never really found out who I am. That's the problem why I'm here and that's why I know too much. And those people will begin with you. How come you knew and you never told us? Oh, praise the name of the Lord. It is very unfortunate child. If you have a sister, if you have a friend, if you have family that do not know what you believe, very unfortunate, very unfortunate. May God help you to leave this word. Now give me uh 10 more minutes and then I'll I'll break and then I'll continue on on Wednesday. Okay. I know after this now your concentration begins to reduce. All right. Uh I we continue with the with the with uh uh uh 19. Now notice in verse 41 the two are very close. so close in the last days still he didn't he couldn't he couldn't depend on some certain churches to separate them those two seeds those two the Methodist or the Baptist all the Pentecostals God now will no longer depend on these denominations to separate the sick These two seats in the framework of Christianity are so close, so that if it is possible, even the elect can be deceived. But I'm so glad the elect cannot be the same. It is impossible for the elect to be the seed. Who is the elect? Is the seed of God. Do I have the elect here? You are the elect. You can never be the same. Impossible. Which means you are the overcomer. If you are the overcomer, it means whatever situation around your life that you think is so bad until sometimes you have said how will I overcome it. Can you listen to thus sayaith the word? You will overcome it. You will overcome it. Not because I said so. Because I know there is overcoming power in the sea. Hallelujah. To them that overcome, they will sit with me on my side. Even as I overcame because Jesus overcame, the seed of God will overcome. Because Jesus never sinned. Amen. They that are born of God cannot see. Why? Because his seed remains in them. He said you know these two seeds will be too close until you will not know the true church and the false church. So what God has done is God cannot use the work of denominations to separate these two seats. He will not use the Methodist. He will not use the Baptist. He will not use the Pentecostals. He will not use any denomination to separate those seats. He said he sends his angels to separate them when in the end time when at harvest time. What time are we living in? We are at harvest time. We are in the season of harvest. We are no longer in the season of planting. We are no longer in the season of weeding. Oh brother, we are in a season of harvest. He's getting ready to come and take his bride away. His we bride. He's getting ready to come and cast us away to come and translate us to come and change us. What happened? send his angels separate us with a tears with a shock because the seed will be here with be a total separation. No more confusion, no more doubts and question come in every age. There is an angel. Hallelujah. Every God has said and that angel comes with a blade. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And he separates us, cuts us out from the others and separates us for what? for the for the rapture. You are the good seed. You must be taken into the Who is the angel of our generation. Hallelujah. The prophet of our age every age. a man of God with an anointing with a word who separates us from every denomination and he says come out of people. This is what we call the end time message. When we got separated, the first thing you do is to be baptized in much water in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. If you have never done it, brother, you are not anywhere. Begin with that one. Get into the water. Get baptized in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. And then something is about to happen to your life. It's a promise. He's going to fill you with the baption of the Holy Ghost. Now when you receive the Holy Ghost is a seal of God that he has said that this one is my finished product. This one I'm going to take him with me. So in other words, if you sealed container sealed with what? Sealed with the Holy Ghost containing what? Containing seed [Music] containing the seed of the word. If you are sealed, you are sealed until when? Until when? Until you do the next mistake. until the day of your redemption. It is sure, it is tested, you are going in the rapture. The moment you are sealed, it is sure, it is tested, you are going to overcome. I don't know what you're thinking right now, but I'm thinking about myself. It is sure. It is tested. I'm going in the rapture. It is sure. It is tested. I'm going to overcome. It is sure. It is tested. I am the seed. How do I know I am the seed? I have believed every word of God. Hallelujah. That's how we know who we are. When we believe every word of God. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come on, say hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Stand up on your feet. I ask you for 10 minutes. And I love being a man of my words, but there is much much more. There's much more in the word. There's much more in the word. A preacher can only preach for so long on Sunday morning. We have a limit. But I can tell you this brother, sister, you need time with the word. You need time in the presence of the Holy Spirit. Make time to come to church. God is preparing his bride. If you can't come to church, get online or somewhere archived services. Listen, don't just say, "Well, we not doing this for religious. God is fixing to take his waiting bride away. Are you one of them? If the Lord should come now, are you one of them? [Music] Are you ready for his coming? May God help us all to be ready for his coming. There's a lot very old song I want to sing. I don't know the number. If someone knows the number, brother Shalom, you can come and help me. Says, "When upon the clouds of heaven, Christ should which number is it?" Some people know those numbers of songs. Yes. 20. Brother, if you have the words, put it up on the screen for us. Yes. Number 20. I want you to listen to these words of this song. I remember we used to sing this song many years ago and we would meditate on these words. Very powerful words. And upon the clouds of heaven, Christ shall come to earth again. Will the world be glad to see him? And our Lord shall come again. There'll be singing. There'll be shouting. There'll be sorrow. There'll be pain. There'll be weeping. There'll be praying. When our Lord shall come again, will his coming bring rejoicing? Oh, will we bring tears and pain? Are you ready? Are you ready to receive him? When our Lord shall come again, they'll be singing singing. Amen. There will be shouting. Oh, there'll be [Music] amen. Thou be weeping, thou be praying with th [Music] will you join in? It's a question. Will you be among the ones who are crying all the angels or will you be among the angels who are singing? Will you help his people ground him when oh shall come again I'll be singing him shouting there'll be sorrow there'll be amen there'll be weeping there'll We pray [Music] when shall come again. Now walk preaching. Jesus called you. Help to God [Music] in the grave. Now then with joy you will meet the Hallelujah. And when our Lord shall come, think about it now. There'll be singing, there'll be shouting, there'll be sorrow, there'll be pain. Now there'll be weeping. There'll be when the Lord shall come again. Sing one more time. There'll be singing. There'll be Amen. There'll be sorrow. There'll be pain. There'll be weeping. They'll be praised. Amen. When the Lord shall come again. Amen. I don't know what you will be doing when the Lord comes again. My brother, my sister. I don't know how you are leaving your life now. [Music] I don't know whether you are getting ready for his coming. How is the status of your heart? Are you ready for his coming? Is your heart leaving as if he's coming in the next minute? [Music] Don't let anything be in your heart. Release yourself at all times in his presence and be ready for his coming. Because for sure we have talked about it, sung about it, lived it for years and years. Others have before us. But I can tell you we are in the harvest time. We are the people that are going to see this happen. Are you ready? Or you are still playing around playing around with the world with the desires of the world things of the world taking you away from his presence rather there's no time sister there is no time make your way in the presence of God that's where your hope and our hope is because we know when we are there we are ready for [Music] Oh, may God help us. May he give us the grace to understand who we are. Amen. Now I want to speak to you that the enemy maybe has told you that you cannot overcome. [Music] Have your head bowed now. The Lord, the enemy told you you cannot overcome. [Music] I'm here to speak to you in the name of Jesus Christ. The overcoming power is already in you. If you are here, desiring the word of God, desiring to do everything it says, you might be imperfect, but you love the world. You want to become what the word says. Let me tell you, don't listen to the devil. You are a seed. You are a seed. And the power to overcome is in the sea. You must overcome. The devil has nothing to do against you. Because even the scripture says, he that is in us is greater than he that is in us. Don't worry about the enemy that you're fighting with. Because he that is in you is greater than your enemy is greater than the flesh. It's greater than your doubts. It's greater than your fears. The sweet spirit, the sweet presence of of the Holy Spirit is here. not where I'm just standing all over this building and sweeping over you to confirm that these things I preached to you are truth. Would you yield to him? If you look at yourself, you don't see how you can be saved. But if you look at him, you should see that you can't be lost [Music] because he died and purchased your salvation on the cross. He paid a debt you could not pay. All you have to do is to yield to him. Say, "Sweet Holy Spirit. I know I've gone wayward many, many times. But here I am. Take a hold of me. Take a hold of me, Lord. Wash me in the blood of Jesus. Make me right with you, Lord. Give me overcoming power. The only way you can give it to you. It's revealed to you that what I've said is the truth. And that seed of God is in you. There is no way you can be lost. There is no way. Absolutely. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you for your grace. Everybody just speak to him now. Lift up your hands. Speak to him. Tell him how you feel. Speak to him for he knows and he understands. He knows and he understands. He cares. Even if no one would care, but he cares. You are a human being and you have many times found in many mysteries. [Music] But if you're willing to change your way, to walk away from the world and come back to him, I tell you, he surely cares. You have to learn to care also. Say, Lord, because you care. Here I am also, Lord. take control of my life. I give my life to you that you will come and use me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. The lost are find their way at the sound of your great name. All condemned, feel no shame [Music] at a sound of your great name. Every fear has no place at a sound of your great name. the enemy. He has to leave [Music] at the sound of your great name. Jesus, worthy is the lamb that was slain for us. Son of God and man, you are high and lifted up that all the world will praise your great name. [Music] Oh, the weak. Listen to these words now as you're praying. Find their strength at a sound [Music] of the great king. Oh hungry souls receive grace [Music] at the side of your greatness. The father is they find their [Music] son. Hallelujah. Oh, your great name will seek. Hallelujah. And a dead ar of your great name [Applause] Jesus. is the lamb that was made for us. Son of God and man you are high and lifted up. Hallelujah. All the world will praise your great name. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Jesus, what is the lamb that was made for us? Son of God and man, you are lifted up that all the world will praise your great name. Your great name [Music] Jehovah is your name. Hallelujah. Jehovah is your name. Sister Ruth, you can bring the baby right here. Oh, mighty warrior, great in battle. Jehovah is your name. Jehovah, Jehovah is your name. [Music] Jehovah Jehovah. Sing mighty warrior, mighty warrior, so great. [Music] Jehovah is your name. Oh Jesus sees your name. [Music] Jesus sees your name. to warrior [Music] in battle. Jesus sees your name. Jehovah is your name. Peace your name [Music] to all by your name. Mighty warrior [Music] in Bon Jehovah. is your name. You are the Lord. You are the Lord that healeth me. You are the Lord, my healer. You sent your word. When I am in my you are the Lord my Everybody if you can stand up and lift up your hands and sing it. You are the Lord that he me. [Music] You are the Lord, my healer. You sent your word. You sent your disease. You are the Lord. You are the Lord. Oh my he. Sing it one more time. You are the Lord. Oh that he me. Hallelujah. You are the Lord. My healer. My healer. You sent your word. You sent your word. And you heal my life. You are the Lord. You are the Lord. Oh my healer. You've sent your word and you have healed my disease. Believe for your healing right now. You are the Lord [Music] my king. Once again tell him you have sent your word and you heal my you are the Lord. are the Lord my Let's pray. If you have any need, maybe you're at the altar or wherever you are, God knows your need. Make it known before him and ask him to visit you at this moment. [Music] Lord Jesus, as we are going to dismiss this service, your word is power. Your word is life. Lord, it has been spoken this morning. I know everyone that came in here sick in the body and in their spirit, they are already healed. Because he said, I've sent my word and healed all their diseases. We want to declare every disease healed in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Father, we are walking out of this place, rejoicing in our heart because the savior has visit us. because the Lord has spoken to us. We bless your holy name, Lord, because of your greatness and your mercy. Be with us this week, Lord, as we go to our homes. May your presence, Lord, continue to fill our lives, satisfy every hungry heart. And Lord, I pray that you'll give us a marvelous week. Those that are going to work, Father, may you bless the work of their hands. Lord, they need to take care of their family and you promise in your word that you bless the work of their hands. May you bless everyone. I pray and and and and those who are going to their jobs, their businesses. May you Lord open a fountain of blessings for them and those who are looking for jobs. May you give them jobs. May you give them the jobs, Lord. May this be a celebration week for them. Father, we ask you believing trusting in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you saints. Amen. Before we dismiss, you may be seated. We have a young man here, Brother Joy. God bless you. Can you come up and greet the church? Amen. Let us uh brother brother pastor Ephraim told me about him and uh from Aasa he's from Aasa and his dad is very close with pastor Ephra and uh I think you've been here for how long? For one year now yes. So, but he's just recently introduced to us. He will tell us what he's doing in Uganda. God bless you, my brother. How are you guys? It's my pleasure to be here. I came here I think one week uh before one weeks or two weeks and I saw really the presence of Holy Spirit here. passed ourselves the message of God and I realized that when I was in Ethopia in my country we have been serving the word of God in the church the same spirit is here and I really thank God for this time I'm really blessed I'm really grateful to be here pastor And if the will of God I will be continuing to be and my name is Joai as pastor mention I came from Ethiopia and just I'm staying working here around that's all. Thanks so much. [Laughter] Amen. Amen. Joy. Amen. Amen. [Music] I'm telling them that I told you that come every day, not only today. God bless you, brother Joy. Nice to be with you. I think he came last Sunday when we were almost I think closing the service and uh I think he's also been touched with brother Shem. But uh my heart really loves Ethiopia. And you know we were there for our honeymoon with my wife and uh for uh most of my marriage I've been in Ethiopia. I've been and so it's like our second home. We we happy to receive you here. We trust God has more for you. Amen. Amen. God bless you saints. I want to dismiss you now. We'll be together again on Wednesday. Uh please if you can make your way to the church. Try and come. We are always here from 6 to 8. We dismiss around 8:00 p.m. Is that brother Ayama? Ah, God bless you, brother. You're my nice to see you. And I also saw there. God bless you. It's been a very long time. Nice to see you. God bless you. All you're dismissed, brother, come and give us a song as we dismiss. I think you know that the team leaders of the groups, we are staying behind for just a few moments. [Music] I'm alive to tell the story how I've overcome your goodness and mercy on the power of the blood pumps of my freedom wasn't based on what I've to goodness and mercy on the power of the blood. I'm alive to tell the story how I've overcome to goodness and mercy on the power of the blind. I'm so glad that my freedom wasn't based on what I've done. To goodness and mercy on the power of the blood. Oh, to goodness and mercy. On the power of the blood. I'm tell my se power [Music] my freedom wasn't best on what I've done your goodness and mercy on the power Oh, is your goodness and mercy and the power of blow. One more time. I'm alive to tell the story. How I overcome into goodness and mercy and the power of the blood. I'm so glad that my freedom wasn't based on what I've done. It's your goodness and mercy on the power of love. Oh, here's your goodness and mercy on the power of love. Oh, is your goodness and mercy and the power of now as we go. I am thinking of rapture in the blessed home on high when the redeemed are gathering. [Music] Now we raise the heavenly on them in the city in the sky. When the redee Oh, I gather again. When I redee when I redee. [Music] [Applause] Oh, wash like snow. I'm free from sin. How we will shout and how we sing when the redeemed are gathering in there possession on home the streets of God when I redeem our gathering. [Music] Oh, what music, oh what singing over city will be wrong. When the redeemer I gathering when the redeemer when the redee I'm gathering. Oh, wash like snow and dream. [Applause] I will shout it. I see. When I redee, gathering in. Oh, when I redeemed, I gathering in wash like snow and free from sin. How we shout and how we sing. When the redeemer gathering when the redeemer gathering Yeah. [Music]
