################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-20 - 25-0720M Our True Origin Pt-12; The Restored Relationship Between Man and God  Bro Busobozi Talemwa - Busobozi Talemwa.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-20
Title:    25-0720M Our True Origin Pt-12; The Restored Relationship Between Man and God | Bro Busobozi Talemwa
Speaker:  Busobozi Talemwa
Church:   Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 45m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=keDeCDRwoLU
========================================

Description:
Subscribe for our YouTube for Live Services: https://youtube.com/@dvfellowship?si=iBBxHyQNrA-tVU4w
Visit our website at: https://dvfellowship.org/
Listen and download our audio sermons at: https://dvfellowship.podbean.com/

#dvf #worship  #sundayservice #service #wednesdayservice  #sundaylivesermon #endtimemessages #worship #livesermon #livestream #daysofthevoicefellowship #endtimemessage #williammarrionbranham #ThemessageoftheHour
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
filled with blood drawn. on from Emmanuel's ve and see us blood that blood lose all the guilty lose All their guilty stay lose all their guilty stain and sin's blood that blood lose All the guilty day. The dying thief. Rejoice to see that fountain in his day. And there may I viol Oh my sins are away. Oh show my sins away. Wash show my sins. Oh, and there may I th Thou dying lamb, thy preious blood shall live and lose his mind. He allowed the wrong son child of God. He is safe to see no more. Be safe to see no more. be safe to say no dear Lord the wrong so child of God be safe to see no more by faith I te by faith I saw the stream that flowing wounds are blind. Redeeming love has been my thing and shall be till I die. Oh, till I die. Oh, redeeming love has been my thing and shall be till I die. In no sweet song I will sing thy power to save peace time Ly silent in the grave. Oh, I s in the grave. Thy silent in the grave. Oh, when this fully speaks time lies in thy grave. Can we sing it one more time? in the unknown thous time return lies Silent in the grave. All life silent in the grave. Oh my silent te when this space time return and lient in the grave. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's open the word of prayer. Precious loving Jesus, Lord, we thank you so much for this wonderful morning you have made. Lord Jesus, you have brought us in your presence. Oh father Jesus, you said in your word that no one can come to me except the father draws him first. Oh Lord, Father, I believe you have drawn us to your presence, Lord Jesus. You've brought us here for a purpose. Oh father Lord also you said in your word oh Jesus that when your word goes forth Lord it won't return to you void father even our praise oh Jesus would you receive our praise today oh father lord I thank you Jesus for keeping us Lord in the week oh God keeping each of us intact Lord oh father Lord Jesus coming here is a testimony oh God that you have kept us well oh Jesus Lord and coming before you today oh Jesus Lord are your little children oh Father, Lord, we may be imperfect as could be. Oh Lord Jesus, Lord, we asking you, oh Father, would you cleanse us today, oh Jesus? Lord, all our faults, Lord Jesus, we bless them under the bleach of your blood, oh Jesus, that Lord, when we come before you, Lord, we come before you faultless today, oh Jesus, I pray you may wash us as white as snow, Father, I pray you may accept us, Lord, accept our praise, accept our sacrifice today, oh Lord Jesus, we are such a needy people. We are such oh father people who can't do without you Lord we can't hold on to our own without you father Lord that's why we come before you today Jesus Lord you say in your word oh Jesus that whoever comes to you Lord that you won't cast them away oh Jesus father coming here Lord means we've come Lord Jesus in a heavenly atmosphere I pray Lord Jesus that you may bless us today oh father Lord Jesus may your rain father fall on us today oh Jesus I pray oh father for the musicians, oh Jesus, I pray you may anoint them. I pray for the congregation, Lord Jesus. Anoint each one and every one of us, Lord. Even the song leader, oh Father, ask you to anoint him, oh Father. Lord, everyone, Lord Jesus, in this building, Father, even those who will be online, even those who watch after, Lord, I pray you may anoint them, oh Jesus. Father, Lord, may they tap to the anointing of the day today, oh Jesus. I pray dear Lord, oh father, even for the tithes and offerings, oh Jesus, Lord that you may bless them. I pray may bless every giver. Lord I pray for the minister of today. Oh father. Lord we bless him in your hands Jesus. I pray Lord that may lord the word come father to each and every heart oh Jesus. Lord to change us oh father to make a difference oh father. I pray you may give each one of us revelation. Father Lord that when your word goes forth oh Jesus Lord that we may be able to receive from you directly oh Jesus. Lord, take every worship out of the way. Father, Lord and Jesus, let us worship together. I thank you, Lord Jesus. All glory and honor belongs to you, Savior. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Thank you. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Hallelujah. I'm so happy to see each one of you this morning in the house of the Lord. Amen. Just turn around, shake somebody's hand, say God bless you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; I'm so happy that we are children of God this morning. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Are you happy? &gt;&gt; Amen. And we are going to sing that song. We are hairs of the father. Praise God. Oh, we are hairs of the father. We are join hands with the son. We are people of his kingdom. We are family. We are one. Sing it again. We are heads of the father. We are joiners with the son. We are people of his kingdom. We are family. We are one. Oh, we are wash. We are sanctified. We are cleansed by his blood. We are born of his spirit. We are children of the Lord. We are members. We are members of his body. We are holding of his life. Oh, we are partakers of his holiness. Oh, we are citizen. Oh. Oh, we are partaker. Oh, we are partaker. We shall meet. We shall meet him. Oh, we shall see him there. Oh, we are longing for his coming. We are looking to the sky. We are watching. We are waiting. We shall win. Oh, we shall re with him forever in an angel. Oh, we shall we shall rain with him forever. for me has been given to the family. I am thinking of a rapture in our blessed home on high gathering. I raise the heavenly army in the city in the sky. When the redee are gathering in when the redee when the redee are gathering in oh wash my snow and free from sin. How we shout and how we sing when the redee are gathering in. Oh, there will be a great possession over on the sea. Oh, the redee. I gathering here. Oh, what music are singing over when the redee the gathering king. Oh, when the redee gathering heat wash like snow and free from sin. How we shout and how we see the angels we listen for they cannot join the song gathering here with the red my oh no and free from sin I'll be sh the ging when the savior will give orders to break the b In the redeemer king come your blessed blue when the redee gathering in the redee. Oh gathering in all wash like snow and free from sin. How we shout and how we sing him. Oh singing. Oh worship me on the happy morning when all shall rise. Oh what glory hallelujah. When we meet our blessed savior in the sky, sunglasses to share. What rejoicing there we srise headed for the jubile beyond the sky. Oh. Oh sh the happy morning when all sh glory hallelujah when we need our blessed savior. Heat. Heat. Oh singing. Oh why a happy morning. Oh sh. Oh what glory hallelujah. When we meet our light in the sky, seems that now seeing all the sainted day raising for the jubile is just a hair in the twinkling of an eye with him to be on the living slightly to the jubile. Oh singing and oh I shout for a happy morning when all shall ride. Oh glory hallelujah one more time. Oh yes singing and all. What a happy morning. Oh my glory. Hallelujah. And when we meet our blessings in the sky. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Give a might hand clap to the Lord this morning. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I feel like singing this song. &gt;&gt; Let us sing. I will sing hosana. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. You're able to jump to the Lord &gt;&gt; to dance for him this morning. &gt;&gt; Amen. I just want feel a little fire in the building this morning. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, I will sing now. I will sing hosana. Oh, singing round before the throne of glory. I will sing hosana. I will sing. I will sing hosana. Oh, I will sing hosana. Oh, singing from before the throne of glory. I will sing hosana. I will dance hosana. I will dance hosana. Oh dancing round before the throne of glory. I will danceana. I will wave. I will wave. Oh I will be round. Wing round. Oh I will. I will jump. I will jump for Oh, I will jump. I will jump for jumping. I will jump. I will jump. I will jump. before the high. There is something today in the house of the Lord. There is something today in the house of the Lord. There is something today in the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. Today in the house of the Lord for there is singing today in the house of the Lord. For there is singing today in the house of the Lord. There is sing in the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. In the house of Lord. There is victory in the house of the Lord. There is victory in the house of There is victory in the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. There is something today in the house of the Lord. There is jumping today in the house of the Lord. Jumping today on your morning. Hallelujah. In the house of the house of the Lord. There is the house of Hallelujah. One more time. That's not Hallelujah. Shout to the Lord this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Are you happy this morning? Amen. as our sister Fiona comes to sing a song. You may be seated. God bless you. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, the Sunday school report is posted on the parents group. Amen. &gt;&gt; Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord? &gt;&gt; Do you love the Lord this morning? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh, how he loves us. Praise God. Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you, church. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We're going to sing a song called Come Jesus, Come. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. May the Lord bless you as we minister in this song. Sometimes I fall. Oh, to my knees and pray. Come Jesus, come. Let be the day. Sometimes I feel like I'm going to break. But I'm holding on to a hope that won't fade. Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return to heal every heart and write every wrong. We need you right now. Come and tap me around. Deep down I know this wall is ain't home. Come Jesus come. There'll be no war. There'll be no change when Jesus comes. Let today be redeemed. You come for the weak and the strong just the same. And all will believe in the power of his name. Come Jesus come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return. to heal every heart and ride every road. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. Deep down I know this world is at home. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. One day he will come. We'll stand face to face. Come and lay it all down. was it might be today. The time is right now. There is no need to wait and your past will be washed by the rivers of grace. Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return to heal every heart and ride every road. We need you right now. Oh, come and turn this around. Deep down I know this world isn't over. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. God bless you. Hallelujah. God bless you so much sister. Oh come Jesus come. What a wonderful song. Praise the Lord. We are going to give in our offerings. Amen. Do you love the Lord? Hallelujah. Oh, bringing in the sheets. Bringing in the shame. And we shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the sheep. Bringing in the shade. Oh, bringing in the shame. And we shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the shame. Oh, bringing in the shame. Bringing in the sheets. And we shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the sheets. Bringing in the sheets. Bringing in the sheets. And we shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the shing in the morning. Seowing seeds of kindness. Going in the noon time and the doom, waiting for the har. And we shall come rejoicing, bringing in the shame. Oh, bringing in the sh bringing in the sh. &gt;&gt; And we shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the sheep. Bringing in the sheep. Oh, bringing in the sheep. And we shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the sheep and seowing in the sunshine. So in the shadow, fearing the clouds, no winter chilling breeze. by and by the harst and the labor raining we shall come rejoicing bringing in the shade. Bringing in the she bringing in the she and we shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the she bringing in the she. Oh, bringing in the she and we shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the sheep. Hallelujah. Give a might hand clap to the Lord this morning. Amen. As brother Dan prepares to come, we have visitors with us this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. You welcome visitors in our midst. Hallelujah. Sister Ma Mir from Kenya. Praise the Lord. You just wave to the church so that they can see you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Bless you. Brother Kevin from K from KDA. Amen. Brother Kevin from Kila maybe has stepped out. Amen. But we are so happy to be with you our visitors and we love you so much. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh my soul says yes. Says yes. Says yes. My soul says yes, says yes to your will as brother then comes. Oh my soul says yes. Says yes. Says yes. My soul says yes. &gt;&gt; Says yes to your soul. My soul says, &gt;&gt; "Oh, says yes." My soul says, "Yes to." &gt;&gt; Oh, my soul, &gt;&gt; my soul says yes. Says yes. Says yes. My soul says yes, says yes to you. You see, my soul says, &gt;&gt; "Oh, says yes." Says yes. My soul says yes. Says yes to your one more time. My soul says, my soul says yes. Oh, says yes. Says yes. My soul says yes. Says yes to your will. Turn. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; How many happy to be here for me? I'm so happy with this good news week. Before I read, thank you so much uh Paul &gt;&gt; contributed 78,000 &gt;&gt; then 560 Martin 100 14,000 Cola 73,000 Martin Luther &gt;&gt; 408 John Wesley 20,000 Then William Marion Brham William Marion Brham 2 million &gt;&gt; 200 1,00 Let me read it again. 2 million 215,000. God bless you so much. Our group leaders, our group leaders, God bless you so much. Those that are that haven't got the fire, you check on those ones that have already so that you can also light the fire. Uh God bless uh the group of William Marion Brham and the members in there. They may not like me to read their names but I thank you and I appreciate you. I think even our pastor will come with same excitement. The entire week we have 3 million 542,000 Then our grand total we have 90 uh 96 million 73 738,000. So we are almost one 100 million. Keep the fire burning. God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, brother Dan. &gt;&gt; That was so wonderful. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; As you said, let's keep the fire burning. Praise the Lord. We are going somewhere. Amen. Amen. And the Lord is with us. &gt;&gt; Let's get on our feet. You can turn around and shake someone's hand. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I just want you to feel happy. While you are in the house of the Lord this morning, nothing to worry about. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh Lord, I need your touch again. Lord, I need your touch again. I need your grace. I need your strength. I need to know you are my friend. Lord, I need your touch again. Lord, I need Lord. I need &gt;&gt; your touch again. Lord, I need your touch again. I need your grace. I need your grace. I need your faith. I need to know you are my friend. And Lord, I need your touch again. Lord, I need your touch again. Lord, I need your touch again. Oh, I need your I need to know you are my friend. And Lord, I need your touch again. I'll sing it again. Hold your heart now. Lord, &gt;&gt; Lord, I need you. &gt;&gt; Lord, I touch &gt;&gt; your touch again. Oh, I need you, Lord. Lord, I need you again. I need your grace. I need your I need to know you are my And Lord, I need your time. One more time. Lord, I need You're touch again, Lord. I need your touch again. I need your grace. I need to know you are my friend. Lord, I need yesterday, today, and forever. I see the same. Oh may change by Jesus name never glory to his name. Oh glory gloryy to his name. Oh glory gloryy to his name. and all made changed by Jesus name to his name. Yesterday, today forever yesterday, today and forever. Jesus the sele by Jesus name. Oh, sing glory. All glory to his name. Oh sh gloryy to one more time. Glory to his name. Gloryy to his name. Oh, glory. Glory to his name. Oh man by Jesus name. I glory to his name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's worship the Lord this morning, believing that the Lord is here with us today. Worship him and speak to him this morning. Lord your heart. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus Christ. Heat. Heat. Oh my god. Hallelujah. Worthy is your name Jesus. You deserve the praise. Worthy is your name. Worthy is your name, Jesus. You deserve the praise. Worthy is your name. Worthy is your name, Jesus. You deserve the praise. Worthy is your name. Worthy is your name Jesus. You desire the praise. Worthy is your name. Worthy is your name Jesus. You desire the praise. Worthy is your name. Holy is your name. Jesus. You deserve the praise. Hol is your name. Hallelujah. Amen. We are going to sing this song as our pastor comes. Hallelujah. Oh, you Lord, you are worthy. No one can worship you for me. For all the things you've done for me and no one can worship you for me. Sing it again. You Lord, you are worthy. And no one can worship you for me. All the things you've done for me. Oh, no one can worship you before me. Here is my worship. Here is my worship. All of my worship. Receive my worship. All of my worship. Praise my worship. All of my worship. Receive my worship. All of my worship. I will not be silent. I will worship you. As long as I worship you. I'm not silent. I will not be silent. I will alwaysship you. As long as I'm breathing, as long as I am breathing. I always worship you. Once again, I'm not silent. I behave you. is my here is my worshiping all of my giving your worship now. Receive my worship. All of my worship. Here is my worship. All of my worship. Hallelujah. All of my worship. Here is my worship. Lord is my worship. All of my worship. My worship. Hallelujah. All of my worship. You Lord, you are. Come on everybody, lift up your hands and tell him now and no one can worship you for me. &gt;&gt; Think about the things he has done for you. For all the things you've done for me. No one can worship you for me. No one can worship you. Oh, come on. Lift up your hands and tell him one more time. You are Lord. You Lord. You are Oh Lord. We worship you. Hallelujah. All the things you done for me. No. Hallelujah. You once again you know you think about what you've done for me in all my life. Oh things you done for me and worship you for me. Tell him in your words Lord no one can worship you for me. When I think about the trials, when I think about the traps you have set, when I think about the grace you have given my life, when I thought I would die, Lord, you have made me glad in my life, me and my entire family, that generation and live to worship you. Oh, you made us Lord to the beloved to worship you this morning. Glory. We lift up your name. Hallelujah. You are worthy to be praised. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Come on. Come on. Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh my god. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh my god. Oh god. Oh come. Oh no. Oh god. Nobody. Oh god. Come on. Oh god. Come on. Jesus. Oh no. No. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. over. Thank you Lord Jesus. If there is something we can do Lord is just to worship you. We will not have been better Lord. Father Lord there many souls dying in sin today. Not because there's no savior. but because you have not revealed yourself to them or perhaps they're not predestinated to life. But Lord, we are so glad this morning that we can worship you not because we have merited energy. Lord, we would have been as sinners and as bad as everybody else for that is what we are. But your grace Lord has lifted us out of the marriage. Amen. And you have set our feet on the rock. And Lord, you have defined us by what you have done. And we are so grateful this morning that we are who you said we are, sons and daughters of God. the bride of Jesus Christ. Nothing else matters. No amount of powers of darkness. When the devil comes in like a fly, every time you will lift us, every time you give us grace to overcome, we are relying on you this morning. Every day of our life, Lord, we ask that you come and have your way. Take complete control, complete control through each life, each soul is under the sound of my voice. Father Lord, may you come and minister the words of life to us. May it quicken us. If there is seed here this morning, may they be quickened. If there is somebody with worry, may you take away worry, Lord. If there is someone with fear, may you melt all their fear. Somebody in sin, Lord, may you pull them out of it, Father. and give your grace for you give it you give grace to the humble and your grace will corcted. We love you Lord more than anything more than anything else. Oh, you're more than silver. You're more than gold. You're more than all the preachers. You're more than all the money. You're more than all the friends. You're more than anything this world needs. You're more than friends. You're more than associate. You're more than everything, Lord. Father Lord, to me, you mean everything, Lord. You mean everything, Lord Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, tell him if you love him with all your heart. Sing it as a love expression to him now. How I love Jesus love me. Hallelujah. to me. Jenny, you are so wonderful to me. You are so wonderful to me. You are so wonderful because he love me. God is going. Yes. God. Amen. If you love him, just give him a clap of praises. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, God bless your saints. Good morning. your neighbor and greet them. Tell them. Amen. We have other visitors that have not been welcomed. Brother Andrew Oello, can we see you by raising your hand? Brother Andrew, God bless you, sir. Amen. Brother Kevin from uh Brother Kevin Lero from Kevin. Can we see him? Ah, &gt;&gt; right over there in the back. God bless you so much. God bless you so much. All those visiting with us this morning, we want to welcome you and just certainly say that feel at home and just uh prepare yourself for the Lord to minister to you. Amen. Are you ready for the word this morning? Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Before we we just we're going to go in the book of 1 Timothy chapter 2. and while we are opening there, I just wanted to say I certainly appreciate all those that are giving generously towards our land fund. You know, someone has to raise to the challenge. It's never easy to all those churches that have uh bought their own church land and there are always many many people and not even very many in that church but a few in that church but many people um that really sacrifice a lot. And I wanted to say this for all those that sacrifice towards the work of God. It might not only be the land fund, might as well be anything else. God can never forget your labor. Not only in heaven, but even here on earth. Even here on earth. I I was called uh by Pastor Aaron. from Ombara and he had what we were announcing here and I know he told me that they already have their church land. &gt;&gt; He was telling me one one brother in the church that sacrificed his tuition money. Now this is not a school boy is I think it was for his master's program. And uh so this is um a grown man but so he he um he sacrificed it when they started their own land project and he gave it all. And long story short, he was telling me that the Lord blessed that brother and he made millions within such a short time during COVID when most of the people were suffering. If you want to be blessed, there is no shortcut. You can fast all you want. You can pray all you want. You can even work all you want. But if you do not give, &gt;&gt; you cannot be blessed. Now, I'm not talking about the blessing of the Lord because that comes by the word, but I'm talking about financial uh blessing. This is something I've taught here. And I believe it to be biblical that if you want to receive, the only way is to give. That's the only way that I see now. If there's any other that the Lord shows me, I I'll tell you here is a widow woman. And I hope you don't mind standing with me for just a moment. I'm going to sit for an hour. So you might as well stand for just a short time. You know this widow woman, she was just going to eat. She had a little and she was going to eat and die with that's all she knew. But here is a man of God who says, "Give me." And she sacrificed herself and her son for the Lord. And you know what happened? She never lacked anymore. And God provided to her in a way she least expect. She didn't I think she took a while before she realized that God had provided because whenever she went back, she found she found. So God can multiply the little that you have if you mind his work. If you give towards his word, those people that you are hearing that are giving, it's not because they have a lot. It is because they're sacrificing a lot. Is that right? That's right. And I just wanted to mention a few names and appreciate them. This week, we have a sister Jess who is not even a part of our church here. uh pastor Jess's wife and you know she she gave generously in the group of William Brham this week you know this sister's always been giving towards our land we certainly appreciate her very much if you have not given at least clap for the one that has given &gt;&gt; Amen And um also I wanted to um mention that sister Martha you know when we went to the land last week on Sunday you know she was so impressed I'm thrilled with the land and you know you cannot tell God oh I'm I'm good I'm excited and there's nothing you have to show for she I'm going to take on my savings, all the people's savings. And she gave $500. And we sister Martha, we really appreciate you. Your labors of love will not be forgotten. I know that is a sacrifice. I know it is a sacrifice. And um there is this brother Neville who also I told you the other day you know he um um he came to me shortly after Sunday service before he even saw the land pastor you know what I don't know how but I'm going to give 2 million shillings before the market but I was like okay I know he's not even done with I was wondering how is he going to be? But the man had faith and I don't know how he he he he he convinced his parents but um um he informed me that his dad gave 1 million and his mom gave 1 million and and and so these are people who don't even attend this church because of their son who attends you or he spoke to them. It means he was burdened. So you can't say I can't give you don't have you as you. God told Moses, "What do you have in your life?" Right? You have friends, you have parents, you have family. Talk to them. Tell them, "You know what? We are trying to contribute funds for our church life. Stand with me. This is a work of God. Don't be ashamed of it." So, brother Wera and um and brother Noah Wandera and his wife, we really want to say we appreciate very very much and brother Neville, thank you for taking that. I don't know is he here? Right over there. God bless you so much. I'm sorry I mentioned your name. Usually I don't, but I just felt the church should know and this could inspire somebody else. We really thank and brother brother Neville went ahead and you know he's a lawyer. He's a lawyer. Lawyer is not a judge. &gt;&gt; Okay, you can send. &gt;&gt; So he he helped us to also do the uh legal due diligence for the land and we did not we paid for the process but we did not pay him a a cobo. He used his own transport, used his own knowledge with Let us give him a clap just amen. And he found that the land is legal, that the land is good and flowing with milk and honey. How many believe we are going to get this? Amen. And here's the good news. We are remaining with only about um not more than 4 millions to be able to uh to get to 100 million and that would be the initial payment which we need to pay by the end of this month. That's all we need. Remember we had a time when we had zero. Now we are remaining with 4 million. One of you can give it by the end of this service will be a sacrifice. You can say pastor here's the 4 million go and pay the downpay. Amen. Amen. Well, if you say big means you're going to do that. God bless you so much. And um and um I I um then the other remaining 120 We will pay it in small installments within eight months. We will talk about that after we are done with what we are doing on the initial payment. Let's just quickly now go to the word 1 Timothy chapter 2 3. You know a brother told me believers can be spiritual if you talk about anything but money. When you talk about money, that's when you know that some brothers and sisters can be cano. And that's why God says, "Try me in this. Give your 10%. Give your offering. Just me in this. See if I will not open heaven and power a blessing to you." Do you think God needs your money? He's the one who gives everything. &gt;&gt; But you are not actually the one testing God. He's the one testing him. Amen. May God give us that revelation. Chapter 2 3. If you're there, say amen. If you don't have a Bible, come and see see us. If you can't afford one, will help you to get one. I believe everyone should have a Bible. Amen. Happy to see uh you, Sister Fibbe. God bless you. Verse three says, "For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our savior, who will have all men to be saved and to come unto the knowledge of the truth. For there is one God and one mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus, who gave himself for a rans who gave himself a ransom for all to be testified in due time. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. May the Lord bless the reading of his word. As usual, I'm requesting uh for your undivided attention. If possible, please test. Do not go out and come back. I am I don't consider myself a long preacher. I is that not so? Or maybe I should preach for you 3 hours today. I don't think I'm a long preacher. You should have said I meant to encourage you cuz I might feel that you're disagreeing brother. You you not interpreted that properly. agreeing. &gt;&gt; All right. Uh that's not proper interpretation but nonetheless we can continue. Uh I am on part 12 today. I feel we can talk about our true origin even for a year or more. It is a it keeps you know uh expanding. It keeps expanding. But this morning I'm going to speak to you on the restored relationship between man and God. The restored relationship between man and God. Amen. &gt;&gt; If you turn to your Bible in the book of Genesis, uh there is something that the Bible says there that is very significant right in the beginning of your Bible. Uh it says chapter All right, I'll just get it for you. I think chapter 1 vers 26. And God said, "Let us make man in our image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the f of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth. So this man was created to do what? Everybody said to have dominion. So that man was to have dominion, not to suffer, not to go through trials and testings and sufferings. not to go through sin and failure. But the purpose that that man was created was to have dominion, to rule, that man that was created in the image of God. The purpose was that he may rule. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now if you look at vers 27, it says, "So God created man in his own image. Male and female created he them. And God blessed them. And God said unto them, Be fruitful and multiply. and replenish the earth and subdue it and have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the fowl of the air, and over the every living thing that moveth upon the earth. That was what man was supposed to accomplish. But you see, man could not accomplish that being in a fallen state. Are you following me? Man had to be in the image of God to be able to rule. Because you see, God is a king. God is a ruler. And if he's going to have anything in his image, it will have to be in the image and in the likeness of God. How many understanding what I'm saying? Because God is a ruler. Man would have to be a ruler. Because God is a subduer. Man had to subdue because man because God had dominion. over everything. His spirit that covers everywhere. Man had to be the same way. Man had to have dominion. Man had to have power. Man was given the earth. Let me put it this way. God created the earth out of nothing. Out of nothing. Out of the world. He created the earth. And then he put a little god on earth like him to rule over the earth. Praise the name of the Lord. Do you see what we call kings today? what we call emperors, what we call presidents, what we call prime ministers, queens, all these uh potent all these leaders, they are just uh let me put it this way, they they are not the original. I hope you're following me this morning. They are mimicking our authority. Are you following me? Whatever you see happening in the world of all the leaders of the world because remember it was not God's will for Israel to get a king. He wanted to be the king of Israel. But when they got a king, when they demanded for a king, God said, "You have rejected me. It's all right. You have rejected. Let them have kings. They will make them suffer. They will kill them. They will persecute them. They will steal from them. They will do this and that." And that's what happens. When you see the the rulers of today, the politicians of today, They are the ones who steal people's lands. Is that correct? They're the ones who kill people. Is that correct? They're the ones who do all sorts of injustices. And many times that the way that the leadership of the world is is not in the form that it was supposed to be in. is not controlled by the people that were intended to have it. The ones that are having the authority today, they are not the rightful hairs of that authority. That's why they're making the world go through what is going through. Why? Because brother Bham preached a message and he titled it Saturny's Eden. All politics, all governments of the world today, now tie your belt for this are all controlled by Satan. telling them he took Jesus in a high place and he told him bow before me and look at all the nations the world he said is all mine just bow before me and I will give you everything you see I'll give you Uganda I'll give you America I'll give you Russia I'll give you all mine The devil is claiming it as his. That is why the politics as we know it today most politicians I am not saying all I don't know but for what I know most politicians use witchcraft. The devil hands them power. to go and rule, to go and control the government. Right now, we in the season of election. I was seeing an article on the internet yesterday. And you know, someone was interviewing which doctors and I was saying yes, this is the season. They all coming and we are giving them power &gt;&gt; to go and and and make the people just forget about the right things and and and not go against them. So you just see people we are supporting our man. Why are you supporting your support? They are under a spell. &gt;&gt; A spell. It's not because and and you know voting is okay if you don't vote someone because is your tribe met because he looks good. He talks well. You vote principles. Someone who is standing for principles that you believe in. It doesn't matter who he is. As long as what he stands for is at least closer to what we stand for. But you see the governments of this world are all representing the the the evil prince. They are controlled by the devil himself and that's why you know you've seen all the things that have been happening over there people killing each other you know you are seeing even what is happening in the Middle East in Ukraine in Russia all these countries Syria why because the world is all perverted you know the Bible says all nature is growing They're waiting for something. They're waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. Who are the sons of God? They are the true rulers of Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you brothers and sisters, we shall have domains right now. We have domains spiritually. We are in heavenly places. We are exercising our authority spiritually speaking. &gt;&gt; But Amen. There is coming a time when we are physically going to rule over the world. The Bible says, Amen. When the Lord rules the world with the Lord of he will not be alone. He will be with the 10,000 of his saints. You and I together with him ruling this world. Oh, praise the Lord. You know the Bible speaks about the Armageddon which will be concluding the the third world war which is actually the conclusion of the third world war. But you see, it is the Lord that stops it. It is the Lord that stops that that causes it to seize when he comes down riding on a white horse. I knew they wanted to kill him and then uh you know he consumed all of them with a sword out of his mouth. with his word he will consume all the armies of the world. Imagine when they are all going to to hit Israel and then they all of a sudden see. Now this is not spiritual. This is physical. They will see him coming down in the brightness of his glory. Aliens have come over the world. See, remember this is long after the rapture. So now the ones they're calling aliens are Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; But remember the Bible says he was not coming alone. He said behind him as he was riding on a on a on a cloud on a white horse. behind him where riding along with him. Where were they going? They were coming down back again to take over. Hallelujah. What are they coming to do? They are coming down to establish a kingdom which has never existed. &gt;&gt; When Jesus was in Jerusalem, They asked him a question. Have you come to restore the kingdom? That's the one they were talking about because they know he there was supposed to come one. &gt;&gt; Amen. That would continue the the throne of David, the kingdom of David, a kingdom with no end. and they expected that he was the one they suspected the way he's talking and the authority he had. He seems to be like the one they are right. He was the one and that was not the he had not gathered a bride yet. He had not restored the relationship between man and God which would bring the bride into view. So he he he told them no but you see that time was going to come and that's the time when he will come down &gt;&gt; and he will establish his headquarters in Jerusalem. Hallelujah. And there will be a a city &gt;&gt; that he will literally rule out of. &gt;&gt; Someone one time asked me said the tribulation is going to destroy everything. So who are we ruling over? We are ruling over people. Where did they come from? There are some people who survived the tribulation. The Bible talks about them and they multiply as a sand of the sea. They will multiply and some on the North Pole and the South Pole and and and they they will come out &gt;&gt; after the the the war and they will realize the world has changed. Everything is destroyed. Some people have acted movies out of this. Some of you might have watched some of those. It's biblical and they will see the world has changed. I was thinking how will they survive? I believe some of these who will survive. We are the millionaires today because they are the ones who will afford nuclear bankers. So they will escape and hide it. So they will come out only to see the world has changed and by the time they see the world has changed and they multiply when we come down they rule over these very people. So the rich of the world today they will become the maya of the sea and we will rule over them because we are the true rulers. of this world &gt;&gt; and he will establish his kingdom and um you know his reign with with no end. We know that that will be the millennium and we will be together with him. Now this is before the the the the white throne judgment. Judgement happens after after the millennia. There will be those who will who will stand before the white throne to be judged according to their works. There will be those who will not stand before the Lord because they are already judged when when they were still on earth. They were judged by the word and they received the word. They accepted they were condemned and then sovereign grace took on. So the Bible now says there is no more judgment for are already in Christ. They have already passed from death to life. I believe right now, right now, not in the future. Right now, I am one of those people. Hallelujah. These ones, their relationship with God has already been restored. They don't need to go before the Have you heard someone say all of us we shall stand before the world? No. All of us including who me will not be among them. Apostle Paul said we shall all come before the judgment seat of Christ. He's not talking about the white throne judgment. He's talking about the judgment seat that's going to happen in the rapture. You see what I I usually call that I usually call it crowning ceremony giving ranks giving it's a ranking ceremony. It's not judgment unto condemnation. It is accountability time. Even when you're a believer, you will give accountability. How you lived your life, how you used everything that came to you, how you used your money, how you used your life, how you lived in this world, how you you you you presented yourself. You see, that will determine what kind of glory you will have when you get over there. So even when we come back to earth meaning we shall have different glories maybe some will be will be bigger kings than others others counter chiefs depending on how they live. But one thing for sure, you can debate about all that. But one thing for sure, an elect of God can never be lost. Can never be lost. So I am not going to be among those who will stand before the Lord. I will stand behind with the Lord and I will be the one judging together with you. The bride will judge together with you. You will judge the angels. You will judge all the other people that refuse to believe. But friends, I tell you, that's a marvelous time. If you think these things are not true, don't worry. You will get there. And when you get there, say, "Oh, there are certain things you can never debate about. As long as the Bible says it, we can only believe it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the Lord. Now, this morning, I'm speaking about the the relationship between man and God. When man sin, that relationship was cut because death means total separation. Man was now separated with God. There was no more relationship. There was no more uh that that kind of relationship they had like in the beginning. You remember the relationship they had? Man was in the image of God, creating like God could create having power of and to have dominion just like God had. But that cease to be when sin came in and we talked about the book. The title did when Adam sinned that title did went back to God. And so all of us are born in sin. All of us are born short of the glory. That glory we lost it. So we are born in sin. We come to the world speaking life. We suffer in this flesh. We go through problems and trials. But can I speak to someone? You are not meant to be like that. There is a better life. Tell your neighbor there is a better life. Some of you you even want to do good but you find as if there is desire to do good in you but it looks like you are in a prison. You know you cannot break out. Why? Because you are you are imprisoned by the way you were born. You are born in sin. You are born as a poor man, but yet you are the owner of everything. It's like a son of a king being born. But you see, raised in a family of poor people. And that's how we are. We were born in sin, but we are not sinners. We were born in defeat, but we are not defeated. We were born in trials and blessing. That does not define who we are. We are born with lust, lust of the flesh, lust of the eyes. Amen. The pride of life. But you see that does not define who we are. What defines us is the relationship we are. In the beginning &gt;&gt; with our father. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Why you can't accept it is because of the conditions around is because of what you are seeing and what others are seeing. Why they couldn't accept that Jesus was a son of God is because of the way he was born. &gt;&gt; He was born without a clear mother and father out of wedlock and they are not even sure whether Joseph was the right one and he's even born in a very poor place Nazareth until people say can anything good come from Nazareth No one could believe Jesus said he was what he said he was. Even those who try to believe it, they try to believe it secretly. It was a shame because of the condition around him. And when he came among the the the Pharisees, they said, "Who do you think you are? Who do you say you are?" And then he said, &gt;&gt; we read that in John last time for you know many words they exchanged. And part of those words the Pharisees versus Jesus. They said our father is Abraham. Jesus said oh your father is Abraham. Okay, let me tell you something. Your father Abraham, the one you claimed to be your father is not your father. He said, "Why?" Because you are not believing me. Your father Abraham believed me. He rejoiced to see my day. And when he saw it, he was glad. And he even said I'll tell you something else. Before Abraham I am. They said no that's now we know you have demons in they now say is demon possessed. That's the what the world saw about they couldn't understand the relationship between the son. Hallelujah. Are you following me? &gt;&gt; But who was Jesus? He was a son of God. &gt;&gt; He was the Bible says born the Christ. He said because you don't believe me and you don't believe I am who I say I am, I will also tell you your origin. You are of your father the devil the works of your father you do they said ah my friend for us &gt;&gt; we were not born out of fornication and they could dress their lineage down to Abraham last time I read it for you their lineage were Israelites by birth which means they came from Abraham directly. That was their origin. But because they refused to believe the origin of Jesus, he told them your father is not Abraham. Your father is Sat. Why? because you would have believed me. Now we love reading the Bible as a book of history. Please my my friends, can we bring it out of history and bring it here today 2025? Hallelujah. Amen. There is another relationship. Hallelujah. between the true sons of God and God himself. That relationship was removed by sin. But the Bible says, you know, God, there is one God and one mediator between God and men, between God and me, between God and you. That's the man Christ Jesus. What did Jesus come to do? He came to bring the relationship back again. He came to bring the relationship back again. That means when Jesus come there will be a people once again that are in the image of God. There will be people once again that have dominion like it was before the fall. There will be people once again that are ruling like they were supposed to do in the first place. There will be sons because they have come out of God. Now today where are those people? There are people who will believe every word. Let me remove my code so I can preach this very well. Sometimes we dress very smart and then when we come here we get messed up. Sometimes I say I will not remove my coat. But when the anointing become let me throw it out. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There are people on this earth that are not going to be defined my circumstances around them. Amen. It doesn't matter what people are saying about them. It doesn't matter what they feel about themselves. His people will receive a revelation who they truly are where they truly come from. Amen. What are they sons of God? Amen. The Bible says, brother Marvin, beloved, now tell your neighbor now. Come on, tell your neighbor now. Oh, now are we the sons? Now are you the son of God? Not tomorrow. Now. Now. Now. What does it mean? You have already been restored. That's an announcement. He's announcing to you. You are already restored back because the mediator has come down. The mediator has come down and he has stood between the bridge. Hallelujah. And he has breached this gap. There is no more gap between you and your father. So what is your origin? Your origin is gone. Let me tell you this is the message we are going to keep preaching until finally even our body has no choice but to be translated one day friends this may seem like a story. It may seem sometimes like a good sermon but there is a day I can assure you and that may be next morning. Amen. That may be any time from now when our body are going to be translated. And then the first thing you will think why did I worry? Why did I worry? Why not my sister? Why not my brother? Because your future is clear by the spoken word. Hallelujah. I feel some are not yet getting it. But don't worry, you'll get it. Oh, may God touch your voice today. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The bridge. Let us read in the bridge today. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, not as some people has taught it. I was hearing a man teach this one time. He said John wept because that he found himself not worthy. You know your John is a type of the bride. Oh, any man under the Holy Spirit would not different from that. Under the inspiration of God would not different from that. But John wept. Here is what I think he wept for. Because if no one was worthy and could open this book of redemption, the whole creation was long. Remember the one I've read about here in the book of Timothy is the the mediator is the one that was worthy. Right? &gt;&gt; We are coming down to eat. But John was weeping because if if no one was worthy, it means to open the book, it means the whole creation would be lost. Am I talking to the bride of Christ? &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. If I preach these things in a Pentecostal church, many of them would just look at me not knowing what I'm talking about. &gt;&gt; But you are not only Pentecostals. You are Pentecostals by experience. Amen. Here is the book. Here is the title did. And it would be offered to the kinsman redeemer that can meet the qualifications. He's talking about the book. He says, "Here's the book." &gt;&gt; Amen. Would be offered to the kinsman redeemer that can meet the qualifications. That is God's own law. A kinsman had to be related with the victim. Are you following by blood's man? &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. &gt;&gt; According to God's law. So the book cannot be handed back to Adam because he has sinned. But there are needed to be a kinsman redeemer. that can meet the qualification. You see, God required a kinsman with him. &gt;&gt; The one that was worthy, the one that was able to do it, who had the substance. Amen. Who had the money? Who had the ability to redeem? Amen. And the angel said, "Now let the king's man redeemer a step forward and John looked." He waited for the king's man. He looked all over the earth. He looked beneath the earth and there was nobody there. The creation and everything was lost. and John wept. &gt;&gt; Everything was lost. His crying did not last but just a minute though. There stood one of the elders. And he said, "Don't weep John." Oh my. His cry didn't last but minute. John s. Oh my. Where is the man? Where is the man? Where is the kinsman redeemed? There stands the prophets. They were born like I was there. The sages and there is nobody else. No one able to redeem. Let me put it this way. Did you know no one can redeem you including your pastor, including your prophet? That is why. We do not follow a man. There is no man can redeem us. There is no holy man can redeem us. Elijah cannot. Jeremiah, Daniel, you know, William Brana. &gt;&gt; These are prophets, but they could not, &gt;&gt; they did not have the substance. They did not have the requirement of the law. Are you following me? Yes, they were our kinsmen, but they could not be the redeemer because they were sinners just like you. But then he says here, I want a man that is able to do it. I want a man that can redeem. And he found he wasn't found. So John broke out and everything was lost and he wept bitterly and he he was sad because everything the whole creation was gone. They couldn't find somebody. But then he says, "Glory to God. If they couldn't find somebody that can meet the requirement, every human being and the whole earth and creation was gone. We were lost. Everything had fallen. the rights of redemption, &gt;&gt; the rights of eternal life, the light. And these rights had been for fated. And there was nobody who could pay the price. Listen, listen, listen. Sometimes the reason why we read these things, &gt;&gt; it's not because we can't just say it, but we want to give you the hunger, go back and read for yourself. We want you to hear. &gt;&gt; There is honey in the rock, my brother. There is honey in the rock for you. Praise the name of the Lord. Listen. And John started crying because there was no one worthy and no one could even look at the book. It took a human being. John wept because no one could do it and everything was lost. And there came a voice from one of the elders standing in the midst of the four beasts. And all that great host of heaven said, Don't weep jo of God. Don't be brokenhearted John. Who is John? John is a type of the bride. And I can also tell you my brother. Don't be brokenhearted. There is a redeemer. There is somebody that is worthy. Don't we &gt;&gt; for the lion of the tribe of Judah, &gt;&gt; the root and offspring of David, he has prevailed. &gt;&gt; There is only one God and one mediator between God and man, the man Christ Jesus. That's the redeemer we are talking about. Why was he a man? because he had to be your brother &gt;&gt; to be able to redeem you. He can only be a king's man. &gt;&gt; Oh, someone did not get it. The man Christ Jesus that it had to be a man. God became man. You will get it sooner. Prevail means &gt;&gt; wrestle with and overcome. Oh my. The garden of Gethsemane. &gt;&gt; When blood dropped down out of his face. What was he doing? He was overcoming. Do you think Oh my my my my. &gt;&gt; Do you think it was easy for Jesus? to die. Think about it for a moment. Let us think about it, church. Do you realize Jesus was a man like you, brother Enoch? Just like you. Imagine if they tell you. You are supposed to die for brother Julia. You love him, but you die by the way of the cross. They put nails in your arms and they put you on the cross. That is the hardest. Please, I want you to understand. Jesus was a man like you and me. He had a will like you and me. He had desires like you and me. He had a flesh. &gt;&gt; He had fear. When he went to cry, he pray. The Bible says he prayed until blood dropped from him. It was not easy. He labored. He cried it out. That's what overcoming means. &gt;&gt; He has prevailed. Prevailing means he wrestled and he overcame. Jesus wrestled with the flesh. He wrestled with his own will. He wrestled with his own fears. He swatted it out. He prayed it away. He said, "Father, &gt;&gt; take this cup from me." He wished it away. He did not want to die, sister. He wanted to live like you and I. But in the end, &gt;&gt; but in the end, he was worthy &gt;&gt; because he successfully overcame. And when he was on the cross, he said, "It is finished. I have prevailed. &gt;&gt; I have prevailed. I have brided the gap. There is no more separation before the father and son. They are now resto again to their true identity. He was a man so we can overcome. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you my brother. Let me say something right here significant. &gt;&gt; Jesus and I always thought in the wrong way but hear it now. &gt;&gt; Jesus did not overcome as God. &gt;&gt; Do you get it? Did you get it? He did not overcome as God. Jesus did overcome as God. He wanted to overcome as he wouldn't have put on flesh. Hallelujah. Amen. Why did he put on flesh? He needed to overcome as a man. Why? Because he took your place. He overcame as a man. And there is only one reason why God put on flesh so that he can overcome and prevail and take the book. There is only one reason because there was somebody else going to overcome my my my hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Don't watch me preaching. Preach with me this morning. There was somebody else going to overcome because the Bible says to they that overcome, to that overcome, they will sit with me on my throne. To they that overcome will eat of the tree of life. To they that overcome in every generation. There are overcomers, brother. Amen. Listen to this. Amen. These overcomers are not going to overcome as men. &gt;&gt; I know you missed that one for sure. So let me expound. Why did he overcome as a man? So we can overcome God. Hallelujah. In flesh. Yes sir. So that I can overcome. I can't overcome. &gt;&gt; As Julius you can't overcome. Come on. You can't overcome. As are you hearing me? Somebody fortunate to you as fortunate. Oh &gt;&gt; you are lost. you can overcome. In other words, legalism can't help you by doing things and doing that and doing this. You are trying to overcome by yourself as a human being your works of righteousness to God. They are filthy right because to begin with he came down because you were not able to overcome so he came. Oh, hallelujah. Come here, my brother. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Here you are. &gt;&gt; You are going to be Sorry, my brother. I'm using you this morning. You are going to be on the cross. You are going to be on a cross and so you. He said if he dies, they are all finished. I can't let my man die. This is my attribute. This is me manifested in flesh. I can't let him die. So the angel said, "Let us go and save him." He said, "You can't. You have no qualification. You have no requirement. You have no qualification. You are angels. But the one to save him must be his brother. The one to redeem him must be like he is but you are not. So shut up. Stay in your place. You can't do this job. So then what did he do? Hallelujah. Amen. Oh brother, don't you worry. The anointing will come upon you. You'll interpret up to the end. Just give him more sound. Right here my brother. I'll show you what happened. Was in your place. what he did. Are you listening to me? Are you listening to me? Here is what he did. He came just like a bread is coming to you. Just like a bread would be coming to you. &gt;&gt; He just came and said come &gt;&gt; and he took your place. Hallelujah. He did not he did not he could not take your place as God. He had to put on flesh like yours so the bullet can go through here and then he removed you in the picture. He said, "I'll take your place so that you will no longer need to do what he did. because you could not do it anyhow. Oh, glory. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So what did he do? &gt;&gt; Amen. He became man and he died so that he overcomes so that we will overcome as God. Your temptation was telling you you can't go through this. It is true. Tell the devil it is true. Peace. Peace. Do you think you can go through this? The precious rumor, you can don't struggle with the devil. Tell him certain is true. You are right. Tell him s amen. I can't go through it. I am so weak. I am so afraid. I don't have the requirements of your law. I'm telling but Satan, &gt;&gt; listen to this. That's why Jesus came. Why did he die? &gt;&gt; Amen. He prevailed &gt;&gt; to take the book. &gt;&gt; And he has taken the book. &gt;&gt; He has taken the book. &gt;&gt; Why? because he was worthy. And then tell your your enemy, &gt;&gt; listen Satan, by him doing that, I gave him what I had. He gave me what he had. He became what I was. I became what he was. The Bible literally says &gt;&gt; he became sin that I might become the righteousness of God. So who are you? You are the righteousness of God. Wait, I did not say you have the righteousness of God. Don't misinterpret scripture. I said you are. Do you see why the bride needs revelation? upon this rock, upon this revelation, I will build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail shall not overcome because the church has realized who she is. I am the righteousness of God. Tell two people, I am the righteousness of God. is &gt;&gt; I am the righteousness of God. Come on, give it a little shout and a clap of praise. So he must overcome in me. &gt;&gt; He must overcome in me. &gt;&gt; If I became him, it means I am no longer me. I am dead. &gt;&gt; I am dead. &gt;&gt; And the life I live, &gt;&gt; the life I live, Amen, is no longer mine is the life of God in me. That is the work of the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; When I look at myself, I do not see how I can overcome. But when I look at him in me, I do not see how I can be lost. &gt;&gt; His life became mine. &gt;&gt; Oh, come on, preach with me this morning. His character became mine. I am holy even as he is. I am a conqueror even as he is because I am born of God. I must overcome. I must overcome. He dwelleth in me &gt;&gt; in the form of the Holy Ghost to quicken me to remind me that I came from God. I go back to God to remind me the bridge the bridge &gt;&gt; is removed. relationship has been restored. Woo! Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And he said the lion of the tribe of Judah prevail. He said don't weep. Don't weep John for the lion of the tribe of Judah. The root of David has prevailed. He has already overcome. He has done it. &gt;&gt; It's over, John. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me, John? This morning, are you hearing me, John? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; A New Testament preacher is a prophet. Don't hear this as a sermon. Hear it as a prophecy to you. It's over. &gt;&gt; It's over. &gt;&gt; It's over. is over. &gt;&gt; I still see it. &gt;&gt; Don't you worry. It's over. &gt;&gt; Don't look at what you see because what you see is not real. But what you don't see is real is over John. He has prevailed. He has taken the book and he has revealed the mysteries. Amen. Oh my. He produced a bleach. A bleach. A bleach that sends sin a long way back to the greasy hands of Satan. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. But when John turned to look he so alarmed what are different from a lion. He said a lion has prevailed. See again I can use there God hiding in simplicity. He said there is a lion that's the king of the beast. The lion has prevailed. But he said John don't worry. Don't be broken up. And when I underlined these words because I felt the Holy Spirit was ministering to me and I want to emphasize them twice to you in the name of God speaking to someone here. Don't worry. Don't cry. Don't be broken up. Why was John worrying? Because of sin. Because he was over with sin. because he he was already on the other side of the ble of the bridge of the chasm. But then here, you know, brother, John, don't worry. Don't cry. Don't be broken up. John, I have you here in the vision. When I say John, I'm meaning you. &gt;&gt; Hear your name. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I just heard my name, friends. Amen. &gt;&gt; I have you here in a vision. I am showing you something. And I know you are all tore up because you know there is nothing to be redeemed. Everything is gone. There is nobody can meet a requirement but the lion. The lion of the tribe of Judah. That's what it's all about. That's what it's all about. None of us here even if we desired could redeem ourel each of us is mangled up and tore up and if they bring a screen and put it up here and put a life of everybody here one by one nobody would come back to church. What? Is that brother Martin? What? Is that the wife of the past? There is no salvation. But friends, because he knows, &gt;&gt; he knows that. Because he knows that, he said, "I'm not going to count it on your worthiness." Don't you ever let the devil corner you into a place where you think you are not worthy. Tell the devil, you are right. I have never been worthy. But there is one who is worthy. &gt;&gt; And that is my kinsman redeemer. He has prevailed. &gt;&gt; He prevailed as me. That I can prevail as him. I'm here to prevail. Not in myself, but in him. Don't let anything make you stop serving God. Don't let the flesh lie to you. Don't let your mind confuse you. We are here to prevail. The gates of hell shall not prevail. That is a prophecy. Our Lord himself, the redeemer, he said, "The gates of hell shall not prevail." So who is Satan? What does he think he can do that God has not already seen? &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. And then Revelation 10, he came down with an open book in the right hand. Amen. This is the same one. &gt;&gt; The same one, the redeemer came down with an open book in his right hand. Amen. And he set his right foot on the sea and and his left foot on the earth. and and and John. And when he cried out, you know, as a lion roar, out of his cry came seven thunders. And then when they had uttered their voices, John was going to pick a pen and you see the angel told him, "Sal up those things which the seven thunders asked. Do not write them, leave them alone. But on verse seven, he says, "But in the days of the voice, the seventh angel when he shall begin to serve, the mystery of God should be faith, as he has declared to his servants, the prophet, there is there would come a time." Hallelujah. There would come a time in the end time when God will send a seventh angel messenger and he will blow his trumpet. Now I'm not talking about the seventh angel trumpeting angel. I'm talking about the seventh angel to the Gentiles and the seventh angel messenger has already let out shout. He says the mystery of this seven sealed book will be revealed at the sounding of the seventh church angels message. The seventh angel begins to sound and there is a message wrought out there and we got it on tape and book form. That message is here with us. If you are not feeling on it, you're doing a big mistake. We have the seventh angel's message. I said we have the message of the seventh angel in books and in tapes. We can read it. We can listen to it. Am I preaching to someone here this morning? And now the beginning of the sounding of the message. The mystery of God should be finished. Now remember, he did not say at the beginning when he will begin to preach, but at the sounding forth of the message. That message comes under the third phase of his ministry, not the first or second phase, not when he was performing the miracles. Not when he was doing designments and all that. But when he was preaching the message, the mystery of God should be finished. At that time, the book of the mystery of God is not revealed until the seventh angel message is sounded. It is a mysterious book. It's the book of redemption. We'll get into that a little while. Now, we know that this book of redemption will not be thoroughly understood. Give me about 15 minutes. It will not be thoroughly understood. is progged on through six church ages. But at the end when the seventh angel begins to sound his Christian, he winds up all of the loose end that all these fellows, the other messengers tried to prog. The mysteries will come down from God as the word of God and reveals the entire revelation of God. The Godhead and everything else is settled. All the mysteries serpent se whatever more is to be revealed. Now you see I'm not just making this up. It is thus saith the Lord. The book holds the mystery of the names. The names of those supposed to be saved. &gt;&gt; The book holds a mystery. The book is only unfolding it now. Not each one's name, but what the mystery of the book is. while it's calling those names. &gt;&gt; The book doesn't say &gt;&gt; fortunate Benjamin Benjamin. &gt;&gt; The book doesn't say that. &gt;&gt; But what does it say? &gt;&gt; The book reveals the mystery contained in there. And then by doing that it is calling the name. When you receive the revelation of the mystery, you have heard your name. It doesn't say leave veils to be saved in the time of the church age or my ne whatever. No, it doesn't say that. It just shows the mystery. It unfolds the mystery of what the thing is. But we ourselves by faith we believe it. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the Lord. friends. &gt;&gt; Um, I normally do not go beyond this time, &gt;&gt; but I've only just started on this. Maybe on Wednesday I can continue with it. I just like you to stand up on your feet. These things are real, friends. They're real and God is real and his word is real. I just pray that you open your heart every day and you know allow him to reveal himself to you. Amen. Brother, come up and help our brother. God bless you brother Henry. Hallelujah. You know we are living in a very a very difficult time where people no longer have the love of God. But where are you going to stand in this evil day? Where are you going to stand? Are you going to thirst after him? Is your heart going to pant after him? May God help you and may God help me that we may not allow the enemy to rob us and take away what is rightfully ours. It's a high time that brothers and sisters, we begin to seriously look at what our savior, our redeemer did for us. of fail. Amen. When you look at him, quit looking at yourself. Stop that. It's not helping. And the only way you can look at him is by giving yourself to study the word, giving yourself to pray. And then slowly by slowly the things of the world will begin to fade away. That's what each of us needs to do. Oh, may God help us to do that. &gt;&gt; Amen. I don't know if the brother has the words for to the song Jesus draw me close closer to thee, Lord. I don't know if the brothers know how to sing it and to play it, but I just feel like singing those few words and and I want you to listen to them and let it be your prayer as well. It's just a prayer of mine this morning. Jesus, draw me closer, closer to you, Lord. Let the world around me fade away. Jesus draw me close closer to you, Lord. Fade a while around me. Fade away. Sing it now if you can. Jesus draw me close. Oh, close our Lord to you. Oh, L around me and it fade away. Sing it again. Jesus Jesus draw me close to you. made a while. Let a world around me away. For I desire to worship and know me. Hallelujah. I desire to worship you, Jesus. I desire to obey you, oh God, and to follow your leadership all the step of the way. Oh, draw me close, oh Jesus. Draw me close. Why don't you tell him to draw close to you? Why don't you tell him to bring you close to him? Tell him, "Lord, draw me close. Let all the world around me fade away. Everything fed away. I just want to worship you in my life. I just want to live for you. I want to obey you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, help me Lord. Help me God. Help me, Lord. Help me, Lord. &gt;&gt; Jesus, draw me close, close the Lord to you. Fade a world around me. Fade away. For I desire to a sheep and oy for I desire to worship and know me. Yes Jesus. Hallelujah. Sing as a deer pandeth after the waters. Hallelujah. My soul, &gt;&gt; my soul. &gt;&gt; As long as I &gt;&gt; long after you, &gt;&gt; I long after you, Jesus. You are my heart desire and I toship you. You are my &gt;&gt; my shield. &gt;&gt; You are alone. My spirit. You alone are my heart to ask you. &gt;&gt; You my friend you are. &gt;&gt; You're my kinsman. &gt;&gt; My brother. &gt;&gt; You're my kinsman. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I want you more than any other so much more than anything. You are my friend to you. You alone. You alone. Lord of my heart desire Lord toship. &gt;&gt; I want you more. I want you more than God. Oh &gt;&gt; take all the world away and give me you Jesus. You are the real and you are the apple. The apple. You are the apple. Oh my heart. You are me. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Now my eyes are your I want you. I want you. Oh, that will You got heat. Oh, heat, heat. Oh my you I hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus. The worship around a sand and ad. I surrender in my own. Oh, &gt;&gt; can I have some people here? just surrender their life today. Can you reconsecrate yourself today as you worship the Lord everybody please? Oh, let the worshipers arrive. As you meditate about what you have heard today, just worship him now in your heart. I don't see I surrender my I surrender to the king around you Let us go see. I surrender my own. Oh, I surrender to you. Oh, come on. Sing one more time around. I don't see I surrender. I surrender. I surrender to the king. I'm with you. I'm with you. I'm with him. Oh, I'm Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It never fails. Oh, you Heat. Heat. Yes. Oh, you Oh, we see the Yes. Jesus, &gt;&gt; we're just in his presence. Friends, as we are worshiping, he's speaking to you. &gt;&gt; Just open your heart. Yield your heart. Yield your soul to him. &gt;&gt; Don't look at the circumstances around you. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to your name Jesus. Glory. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You never fail. You never fail. Oh, you never fail. Lift up your hands and sing it now. We never f Come on everybody, let's do it with all our heart. We never f never never Jesus there. You are too faithful to fail me. too faithful to disappoint you. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Hallelujah. And I've come to realize you're too faithful to fail me. &gt;&gt; You are too faithful. You're too faithful to fill me, &gt;&gt; Jesus. Faithful to support me. &gt;&gt; When I look back, I can say you proven yourself in my life. of God to be realize you're too faithful to fail me. &gt;&gt; Oh, if you believe it now, if you know it, sing it with us right now. Oh, you're too faithful to fail me. Glory to your name, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, you're too faithful to disappoint me. You proven yourself in my life. Well, I have come to realize you are too faithful to fail me. I've failed you many times. Many, many times, but I know you're too faithful to fail me. You are too faithful to disappoint me. You proven yourself in my life. And I've come to realize you're too faithful to fail me. Come on, worship the Lord. Worship the Lord with your own mouth. If you know he's too faithful to fail you, how many times have you failed him in your life? How many times have you failed him? But yet each time he kept kept coming back and running back, running back to you, running back after you because you are his prize. You are his bride. &gt;&gt; He cannot fail you. &gt;&gt; His word promised it. He said it in his word. The relationship has been brought back again. You are mediated back again to God. He cannot fail you. He cannot disappoint you. He cannot ashame you. He cannot leave you alone. He will fight for you each time of your life. &gt;&gt; Will you trust him? &gt;&gt; Will you serve him? &gt;&gt; Will you believe him? &gt;&gt; Even when you fail, you know he's faithful. He cannot fail you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, you cannot do it, Lord. You're always by my side. You're always fighting my battles. You're always telling me, Lord, how much you love me. You're always by my side. You're always by the side of the earth. Hallelujah. Glory. You loving to me. to love. &gt;&gt; You're too loving to leave me. &gt;&gt; You cannot leave me. You say never. Never, Lord. You're too loving to leave me. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You always &gt;&gt; Yes, Jesus. &gt;&gt; I've come to realize &gt;&gt; I've come to realize. Woo! &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Shalom, come and sing. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory. Thank you, Jesus. He's too loving to leave you. &gt;&gt; Too loving to leave. Hallelujah. Oh, you proving yourself in my life. Oh, you're too loving to live with me. Sing it one more time. You're too loving to leave me. You're too loving to leave me with you. You always finish. And I've come to realize you're too loving to me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Woo! every day from every hour. You are faithful, oh Lord. Every day, every hour, you are faithful. Oh, every day, every hour. You are faithful. Oh, every day. You can never disappoint me, Lord. You are always faithful to me. Oh, you promise never to leave me alone. Oh, that's why I sing. That's why I worship you, Lord Jesus. Every day, every hour you are faithful. Every day. Hallelujah. You are faithful Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. No matter what the devil says to me, no matter what, no matter what, no matter what, Lord, you have been faithful, Lord. My life in the life of every child of God is redeemed. Oh, every day. Every day. You are God. Sing it. Brother Shalom. Every day. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. You better believe it right now. Can someone believe in the faithfulness of God today? &gt;&gt; He will not fade you. He can never do that. &gt;&gt; He will save you. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh my god. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. God every day. Every day. Every hour. Every hour. You are faithful. You are faithful every day. Every day, you are faithful Jesus. Oh my god. What Yes. Holy mercy. Holy mercy. Holy. Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, mercy. Oh, come on. Wonderful. Holy Mercy. magical Jes. Close your eyes and lift up your hands to him now. Come on everybody, if you believe in the faithfulness of God. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, tell him more times now. You are faithful. You are faithful. You are faith. Oh, you are faithful. You are faithful. Hallelujah. I can testify. You are great. I've seen you every day of my life. Lord, &gt;&gt; you are I've seen you when I thought I had failed. Lord, &gt;&gt; you are I've seen you when my back was against the wall. I can testify today. You are faithful. I know that. I know that. I know. You're always faithful. Lord, you are faithful. restored me back again to the image of God. You are faithful. You are faithful. You are faithful. Oh Lord. Oh God, thank you Jesus. Thank you for your grace and your faithfulness, oh God. Thank you for your mercies, oh God. Thank you for your loving kindness, oh God. Thank you for your faithfulness, oh God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Beautiful. Thank you. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Thank you Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you Jesus. Through it all. &gt;&gt; Through it all I have learned to trust in Jesus. I am learn to trust in God. Through it all, through it all to depend upon his word. You might have forsaken. His faithfulness never fails. Just learn to trust in him. Depend on him. Depend on his word, not on your own works. Through it all, whatever you go through, trust in him. Depend on him. &gt;&gt; Jesus. &gt;&gt; I have learned. &gt;&gt; I have to trust in him. Everything else is shifting signs. &gt;&gt; Through it all, &gt;&gt; through it all. &gt;&gt; Through it all, we love to depend upon his word. Whatever I've gone through in my life, whatever I go through, I learn to depend upon him. &gt;&gt; You have nothing to eat in the home, depend on him. You have no school fees. Depend on him. Your business is not going well. Depend on him. Trust on him. Oh, he's faithful. He is able to restore everything. He's able to make everything right. Oh, I've learned. Trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in it all. through you. Through everything through you, I'm not too dependable. Well, let's sing it one more time. Through it all. Through it all. Come on, lift up your hands and sing it. through it all. I learned to trust in Jesus way to trust in God through it all. through it all. Upon his word, Amen. Brother Ham, come and let us pray together. If you have any need, just make it known by an uplifted hand as we pray together today. Depend on God. Trust in God. Believe that he's more than able. He's more than able to take you through it. Remember, he's always faithful. Lord Jesus, &gt;&gt; the redeemer, &gt;&gt; our lovely kinsman, redeemer. &gt;&gt; We come to you Lord. Nothing in our hands we bring. Lord, we bring our hearts to you because this is what you have redeemed. We give you all the glory. We give you all the honor. Lord, I commit these people into your hands. But their needs, oh God, their needs, oh Lord Jesus, Father, we know that you are faithful. You are faithful every day of our lives. Always faithful. Many times they have disappointed you. In the things they have done, in the thoughts they have thought, in the ways they have gone about their businesses. But Lord, you are always faithful. You chose us before we came into view. You chose us knowing our weaknesses. You chose us knowing many times we will fail you. But yet you chose us because you didn't have confidence in our works or in our goodness. But you had confidence in your blood. For you are the kinsman redeemer. You alone are worthy more than able to make sons of Abraham out of these people. Father Lord, we love you. We believe you. We believe your word, Lord. We trust in you. We depend upon you, Lord. Take all the doubts away. And may we trust in you. May we come to a place where we can anchor our faith in your unfailing word of promise to know that you never fail. Bless your people, Father. Bless their going out. Bless their coming back in. Bless their business as well. Bless what they lay their hands on. Even when they're in that time of temptation, help them to overcome it, Lord. Draw them to you. Draw them away from the powers of darkness. Even as you say to Peter and to the rest of the apostles that the devil has desired to have you. But I have prayed for you. I have prayed for you. Lord, you prayed for us. The enemy has no power over us. For we are more than conquerors through Jesus Christ. We love you. We love you so much, Jesus. Bless these people now as they go to their homes. as they start this new week. Lord, give them wisdom, knowledge, give them increase, heal their diseases, Lord, fight their battles, Father, and may we have a prosperous, victorious week, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, God bless you, saints. &gt;&gt; Amen. I just want us to remain in this atmosphere. &gt;&gt; Even as we go, just go meditating about what you have heard today. Amen. Amen. And I just ask you for prayers. I have several invitations, &gt;&gt; different places and I just ask you to pray for me that the Holy Spirit will lead me where to go when uh but if the Lord willing this coming month in the second weekend I'll be away in Zimbabwe to Zimbabwe. I've been invited by pastor Joseph. They're dedicating their new church in aali and uh so pray for me for for the for the mind of the lord on on that invitation and also September I've been invited to Ethiopia. &gt;&gt; Just pray for us as well regarding that. And in October um this you remember pastor Kulya he was here from Zambia they organizing a convention and um he asked me to come in October. I told him I'm sorry I have a lot of trips and we we are also trying to um we're very busy trying to work on on our church land and um not be able to make the trip because of the scarcity of resources at that time. And I told him, but if the Lord provides for me the air ticket to come, I'll take it as the Lord's will for me to come. Also, yesterday he told me, "Look, pastor, just uh give us your details. We would like to buy the air ticket. So if the Lord is willing in October we'll be we'll be with them uh for their convention there in Zambia. &gt;&gt; So remember us in prayers as also we are preparing for our next youth camp in January. We have already I've already talked to two of my friends both from uh Australia &gt;&gt; to come and be our speakers for the next youth camp. &gt;&gt; So we just uh uh need God to um provide all that is required. We will I think begin to have after we have sorted part of what we are dealing with in the land fund. We will start the first youth uh meeting committee meeting &gt;&gt; organizing committee for January youth campary. So there's a lot to do for the Lord. We just have to keep trusting him. There's a lot that is needed in our own personal lives. Money here, there everywhere in church, the work of God. But you know what? He say that when you go, don't take any pass. Don't take any second clo or anything. Don't take money. Why? Because he is a provider when you are serving him. So whatever we are intending to do it is really in his hands and uh we just keep trusting him. We should be people of faith moving by faith not by sight and he is faithful that promised he's faithful. So the Lord go with you and remember we have about 4 million chilies we need before the end of the month to conclude our land our initial um payment for the land fund. Whatever the Lord will have you give by sacrifice you will truly be blessed. God bless you. Have a wonderful week. Shalom. You can come and give us a song. See you on Wednesday. I'd like you to remember Sister Rose in prayers. She's not been with us for a while. She's currently undergoing a court case and things like that. Please remember her in prayers. I thought I should say that. He made our way. You made a way. When our bs were against the wall and it looked as if it was over. You made a way. And we're standing here only because you made a way. You made a way. You made a way. Hallelujah. You made our way. When I b against the wall and it looked as if it was over, you made our way and we're standing here only because you made my will. You will mountain move mountain. You cause the walls to fall with your power for miracles. There is nothing impossible and we standing here only because you made you move mountains. Hallelujah. You might your power there is nothing as simple only Because you made a way. You made a way. Oh, you made our way. You made our way. B against the wall and it looked as if he was you made our way and we're standing here only because you made. If you believe it, sing it again. Oh, you made a way. You made our way. You made our way. When I b against the wall, I looked as if there was you and you're standing here only because you you once again You might want to go your power. There is nothing impossible only because you made you move mountain. There is nothing that's impossible only because one more time you mountain. you mountain was in your power. There is nothing nothing because you know you made a win. You made our way. You made our way back against the wall and it looked as if it was the wall and you made our way better way is Only because you made. One more time. &gt;&gt; Sing it again. You made a way. Oh, you made a way. You made a way. You made our way. is the one. &gt;&gt; I looked as if it was over by you made our way. I'm standing here only because you and we're standing and we're standing here only because you made a way. Hallelujah. As we go, let's sing. You have done me well. Oh, you have done me well. You have done me well. You have done me well. Jesus, you have done me. You have done me well. You have done me well. You have done me well, Jesus. Oh, you have done me. You have done me well. Oh, you have done me well. You have done me well. Jesus, you have done me. You have done me. Oh, you have done me well. You have done me well. Oh god. Oh god. Jesus, &gt;&gt; you have done me. &gt;&gt; You have done me well. &gt;&gt; You have You have done me well. &gt;&gt; You have done me well. Jesus, you have done me well. You have done me well. You have done me. You have done me well. Jesus come true to John. People return what you can't your toes with you. You come to Jes.
