################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-12 - After All Have Spoken || Preached at Cloverdale Bible Way by Pr Busobozi Talemwa - Pr Busobozi Talemwa - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-12
Title:   After All Have Spoken || Preached at Cloverdale Bible Way by Pr Busobozi Talemwa
Speaker: Pr Busobozi Talemwa
Church:  Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHPlH2iqdck
========================================

Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Glorious victory. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh my god. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. who I am. Hallelujah. It's a real you this morning. Amen. God bless you, saints. Let's turn number 908 if we can, please. I want to sing sheltered in the arms of God. I feel the touch of hands so warm and tender. The whole world is falling apart, but we have a shelter. And let's not forget about that. Brother Brandham, hidden life with Christ. If you haven't listened to that recently, I encourage you to go do so. One point he says, "What are you afraid of? There's an atonement for you out yonder. Like, oh my, I was really really just hesitant. Maybe we need to stand up and just and just get entered into the service. I'm not here to entertain you and sing you happy. We're here to worship together. Amen. So, let's sing together. I feel the touch of hands. Maybe you don't feel the hands, but let's sing it out loud. I feel the touch cuz he's here with us this morning. Amen. I feel the touch of hands so warm and tender. They lead me through paths that I must draw. I have fear for Jesus walks beside me. Oh, I sheltered in the arms of God. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. and be in the aron. I shall hear the call for all. Oh, come my child. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Oh, he can the arms of the Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. and oh shed in the arms of God. And oh how he loves you and me. Oh, my heart. Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. Jesus to Calvary. And Jesus to Calary for Yes. from this. Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you. Sing the chorus one more time. Heat. Heat. Heat. You might want more. Oh, how he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you. Amen. I'm going to ask the brothers if they would come at this time. Please just prepare for the morning offering and open the service in a word of prayer. We could just begin to play fill my cup. Lord, I lift it up. And brother Murphy, maybe you could open the service for us if you would please in a word of prayer. We do have a couple prayer requests we just want to bring before the congregation this morning. Our brother Ben Haynes is just asking we would please remember for her friend and co-work for his friend and co-orker's husband who has recently been diagnosed with bone cancer. His name is Ian Hassam. We could bring that prayer request before the Lord this morning. And also just continue to please remember our brother Neil and sister Souo in prayer. They're needing a touch from the Lord. They're back home now and just praying for strength that the Lord would help them. Amen. If you have a chance to reach out to them, I know they'd love to hear from you. It's lonely when you can't be in the congregation with the believers. And brother Neil, Sister Sue, if you're listening, we love you. Remembering you this morning. Let's just sing the song together. Fill my cup, Lord. As brother Murphy would come and open the service for us. Oh, fill my cup, Lord, as I lift it up, Lord. quench this thirsty love of my soul. Lord, feed me till I wonder. Here's my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Fill my cup, Lord. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. I ques up and make me Amen. Let's bow our head together. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, every time or when we come to this place, Lord, we only have a one purpose in our heart, we want to meet you, Lord. Lord, we know you have said that if there's a two or three that he g together and in your name, Lord, that you will be among us. So Lord with that confidence to what your word has said we come to meet our God not to meet our God that that judge us but we made our God has love us so much. We made our God has so will delivered us so give us the grace that in this lasted moment send the message and in this hour that personally is like a love letter to us. So Lord, we coming with a bonus. We come in with a confidence and know that when we coming to worship you, to give out our whole heart to you and to know what we're coming for, then we know you were coming down to meet every one of us. Lord, we come to ask let you speak to the word this morning to let the word be heard not in our ear only but in our heart. Lord, we want to see you and then high and lifted it up. We want to see you be glorified that are among us. We want to see you when a word to preach that break our heart and that our heart will be changed and be transformed. Lord, you know that the needs of the people there are many. Some pen down here and some don't. But Lord, you know every one of them, Lord. Lord, we remember this man that uh the covert cur of a brother ban him, brother um ban hims. Lord, ask you to meet his need. Lord, we probably don't know what exactly the situation is in. But Lord, bone cancer that is nothing to you, Lord. So Lord I pray let the presence of a God will we have it over here Lord even if somehow that we go to his place Lord may the face start to rising up Lord and take it a hold of the the word of God what a promise that you have given to us and raise him up but for your glory he might not know you Lord he might not know exactly Lord that who's praying for him but Lord I just pray somehow Lord for the need of the human being that you have a soul loved. Lord, would you go to this man? Lord, go to him and healed him and restored him so that your name will be glorified for our brother Neil and the sister Sue. Lord, that they've been a soldiers all their life. Now they come into a time they cannot taken care of themselves. Lord, that they need someone that carried them through. I pray Lord that a merciful God, you have said your mercy endures forever. Lord, would you let your mercy be their portion this morning Lord and from this morning on Lord taking care of them Lord taking care of their body taking care of their mind Lord you have done such a great thing in their life has been taking care as a baby Lord and now they're coming to the state that they need another care Lord which is you having been taking care of them for all this years continually taking care of them Lord Lord strengthen them Lord bring there the mind that are the back of the normal so that they can come to to give you praise and they give you glory Lord no matter what the age they're there they're at him but Lord age means nothing to you Lord you ever made that Caleb said to the age just like whatever that you ever do Lord the Lord you ever give to Caleb the same as friends Lord even in his 80 or old old age but Lord you can do the same thing to our brother Sue Brother Nail and the sister Sue. So Lord, this morning we coming to hear your word as a brother of Boses is coming. Lord would you use your servant speak the word to our heart. Lord I just take a one word from you. It will touches us. It will meet the need. Lord and many people it might be have a need cannot even utter it. But Lord use our servant this morning. Lord to speak to the heart and each each person Lord and no matter what situation they are in Lord we can by hearing of the word and that the word would deliver us. We thank you Lord and let your servant also bring to the testimonies that it is his own country to bring those ability here so that our heart can be touched. It can be encouraged. We thank you Lord. We committed the service and into your hand. Ask your presence to be with us. ask of you that are coming down to fellowship with your children. We ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. You may have your seats as we take up the morning offering. Battle is the Lord's key of D. Please. There is a source in time of need. Amen. And we have a special also our sister Anna Hope, sister Jess, sister Michaela going to sing for us if you'd just like to come and make yourself ready as we sing this song together. There is a source in times of need that gives me hope. That brings me peace in every trial. Through every test my savior stands in my defense. So whenever all you leaves you tire and all your strength is gone and your heart feels torn. Remember he's ger. So take courage for the battle ros. And when the waters And when the waters rise, he calls my name and he Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. is and your heart is never he is born. The battle is the Lord. So when the road last time, so when the road you lead you and all your strength and your heart is great. I know the battle is Do you ever find yourself asking God, "How can this be? Ever get up out of bed saying, "I can't do this again?" Have you ever been afraid of what tomorrow's going to bring? And you're facing it alone. At least that's what you think. I can tell you after going through that valley, even though I didn't see it at the time, it was in my weakest moments that he held me. And I know you'll find he will carry you when you can't go on. He will be your strength when your strength is gone. He will lift you up. He will be enough to get you through. When the road is long and you want to quit, cuz you think you've got nothing left to give, you can fall apart. Fall into his arms. He will carry you. When you get the kind of news you hoped you never hear. When you're chasing down a dream just to watch it disappear. When somebody that you love turns and walks away and they leave you standing there with shattered face, you don't have to pick up all the broken pieces. You don't have to try to cover up the scars. You are loved and you can always run to Jesus just as you are. He will carry you when you can't go on. He will be your strength when your strength is gone. He will lift you up. He will be enough to get you through. When the road is long and you want to quit, cuz you think you've got nothing left to give, you can fall apart. Fall into his arms. He will carry you. Oh, his heart is never weary. No, he's never tired. Through the toughest fight, through the longest night, through the flood and through the fire, he will carry you when you can't go on. Be your strength when your strength is gone. He will lift you up. He will be enough to get you through. When the road is long and you want to quit, cuz you think you've got nothing left to give, you can fall apart. Fall into his arms. He will carry you. He will carry you. Amen. Have you found it so? And God bless you, sisters. Thank you for that. I know we had another special that got bumped from a different service, but maybe if it's all right, we'll just have that on Wednesday. We want to give brother Bus plenty of time and I think he might want to teach a song as well. So, Brother Bus, why don't you go ahead and make your way out? Let's just sing. There is an unseen hand, key of F, please, as he comes that I'm trusting to. 11:04. There we go. There is an unseen hand to me that leads in ways. I cannot see while going through this world. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. still the I see and I see my face and Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. I want to see I see that your desire Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. still got all the unseen hand. Amen. Aren't you thankful for his unseen hand? &gt;&gt; How many times have you gone through so many situations, but you know somebody has been there each step of the way? Amen. The unseen hand there when you're needing it the most. Brother Glenn, I just heard you. Brother Glenn, I heard you. Amen. You've seen his unseen hand many times. Amen. God bless you. Welcome to service this morning. Glad to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. I am too. Welcome those that are on the uh internet and hooking up in different ways. You know, I was with brother Bus here as he'll come to the pulpit shortly and we were just doing a little he was here with the church and we were walking around and I just was so aware that there's those that have connected with us over the years and are so uh part of the congregation and and we don't maybe see them uh maybe we'll never see them this side. Uh maybe it's that side, but they feel so connected to you. And so I wanted just to send a warm welcome to those that maybe be connecting this morning. Maybe everybody from the house of God could say, "God bless you." &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. God bless you. There are many joining this morning and we welcome you as well into the presence of the Lord. God bless you. Amen. We have a wonderful day and really expect high expectations but bust just to be able to have you here. But you know, I wanted just to mention before uh we turned the service over, I want to thank everyone that came out to uh the message hub workshop, if I could call it that. uh this past Thursday, we were able to get so much done in one short uh evening and uh it was just a real blessing. I was talking to brother Darren there and he just said, you know, it just he looked across the fellowship hall and everybody was busily working. Thank you for bearing through the early uh early uh issues we were dealing with, but it settled in and everybody just started working. It was kind of just a hush across the whole uh Sister Sherry's nodding her head there. uh everybody got quiet and they're just clicking away on their computer and it uh it was just a real blessing to see that everybody come together as we were furthering the gospel in just a bit of a different way and and so there's uh different ones have asked is there more that can be done and the the uh the easy answer is a a resounding yes with many exclamation marks and uh we're going to maybe hold another evening in the next coming weeks um maybe a week or two a Tuesday night possibly and and so just look out for that announcement. We'll announce it uh because there's lots to be done, some formatting to be done and a continued process with aligning the uh with the text and the audio. And so it's uh lots of work to do, but we have a body here to do it. And so we'll let you know when we when that is coming in the next coming days. And so we so appreciate you being able to be a part of that, be a part of that. I have uh I this is an exciting day I know for brother Basaboszi. It's a long time coming. Long time coming. What was the year, Brother Bus? The first year that that uh was that about 207? 208, I think we were talking. 209. Okay. 209. My Brother Bus, he says, "I am part of this congregation." So, we're not welcoming a visitor this morning. We're welcoming part of our congregation this morning. Amen. As brother Bus has been part of the the services through many years. And I I I wrote it. I was just thinking about it and and I can I can remember brother Biscll telling us about the first time when brother Busabos's emails first came in. And I can remember brother Bisll telling us he just uh he just I just came in contact. He's not exact exact words but those of us that were here would remember brother Bisco says I just come in contact with somebody that is on fire. Amen. Brother Bus was uh just a young man at that time. I'm still a young man, younger man at that time with an incredible energy and zeal for the gospel. And I've had the privilege to spend some time with him in Uganda a few times. And I can say that zeal for the gospel is not diminished. It has only increased and uh uh with a with a great desire to spread the gospel that brother and the congregation and many around the world have have desired to do. And so we're just so privileged, brother Busabosi, to have you here and to be part of the service today. he's pastoring a church the days of the voice fellowship there in Compala and uh we have a we've we've spent a little bit of interesting times together and even some you know little tight tense times together and uh and that creates a certain bond and I can say brother Bus is a soldout man of God for this gospel and brother Tom preached a message called locktock and barrel many years ago brother Bus has sold out lockstock and barrel amen so I'm sure we'll hear the the the the the desire. I I thought of the scripture, brother Bus, this morning that the king of Grippa said to Paul, he said, "Almost thou persuadest me to be a Christian." And Paul said, "I would to God that not only thou, but also all that hear me this day were both almost and altogether such as I am." And I thought of you this morning that you are indeed one of those like Paul who's not just almost, but is altogether persuaded for this gospel. And so we're just so thankful that you can be here this morning to join with us. We'll hear a little bit of what God's been doing over through brother Bus and the believers there in Compala. And so we're going to invite you to the pulpit, brother Bus, as you would just have your liberty. I know it's maybe a little bit of a uh don't worry about the nerves. If you've been part of the congregation, then it's just like family. So just like family. But maybe as brother Bosabosi comes and and takes the the pulpit this morning. Let's just stand and wait. Let's just sing. Let the worshippers arise. Are you one of those worshippers this morning? Let's worship him not just in spirit. We're thankful we can worship in spirit and in truth now. Father, I see that you are drawing. Oh, a line in the sand. And I want to be stand by your side holding your hand. So let your spirit come in me. This is my worship. My to is the song of your nation is awakening the sing from our Heat. Heat. Heat. You are seeing my heart to the king. Amen. This is our verse. Oh father she me Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. I just wanted uh just continue a little bit in worship and maybe sing another Luganda song and I have some American Baganda here with me and you know just teach you that song and I want us to sing it as a congregation together before we uh just continue. Hallelujah. Thank you. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Just feel the presence of the Holy Spirit in this place. Amen. Maybe they can have it on the screen for us. Sing that one more time. They call him Jesus Luganda. More I'm done. Oh, what time is you? They call him Jesus. Hallelujah. They call him Jesus. They call him Jesus. He never fails. He never fails. morning Jesus. Oh, they call him Jesus. They call him Jesus. Hallelujah. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Jesus never Jesus. Jesus. With every eyes closed, as I think about what the Lord has done for me and for you and for all of us here today this morning, surely we can say that Jesus never fails. Amen. I'd like us to sing that one more time. And if you can lift up each of us uh our voices and we sing it like an answer to him. Hallelujah. He never fails. Hallelujah. It never fails. Hallelujah. Oh, it never fails. Jesus, you never voices. I tell him one time one One time this is in English. He never fails. He never fails. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; He never fails. How many believe him this morning? Hallelujah. He never fails. Jesus, &gt;&gt; he never fails. &gt;&gt; Oh, why don't we lift our voices and worship him? &gt;&gt; Tell him, "Thank you, Jesus." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, we are so honored, Father, and have this privilege to worship you this morning, Lord, because you never fail. &gt;&gt; Amen. You never fail. You are alive. You are a living God. We We do not worship a dead God, but we worship a living God. Amen. A God that is alive and a God that is here this morning, Father. Lord, to minister to us and speak to us words of life, oh God. Amen. Maybe someone is going through a situation this morning, Lord. May they know that we worship and serve a living God, a God that will come right at their address this morning and minister to their hearts and to their needs this morning. Father, we thank you, Lord, for this ministry and what it has meant to us. Oh God, what has meant to me as an individual, Father, I'm here, oh God, as a witness of what you have done, what you have done in my life, what you have done in each of our lives this morning. Thank you, Father. We give you praise. We give you honor and glory. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. You may be seated, please, for just a moment. Hallelujah. Amen. Just want to greet each and every one of you in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Uh it's a horn and privilege, you know, to be here this morning. And I want to say thank you, Pastor Tom, for the invitation. We really appreciate you. And you know it's an honor to stand on this platform and I've been around the world a few times a few places and uh but it's you know nervous to stand here um because of what this place symbolizes for me you know at this platform uh over the years I've had life-changing sermons from brother Eddie Biscow brother Tom Ray and you know the other ministers and especially brother Biscal really um his ministry his testim testimony. His life made mine and I'm here as a witness of that this morning. I'm a witness here this morning that this message is alive. &gt;&gt; And what you as a church represent does not only stop here in Clovado. It goes all over the world. It goes to where I was way back in, you know, Uganda. And I want to say God bless you, brother Michael. And thank you for uh the um maybe I call it a beautiful introduction. You know he has become a friend and um someone that I think is the only person in the west that I call a buddy of mine and you know someone that I've come you know close to and because of the burden that he has for this message. When I first met him in in you know he came to to Uganda we went uh to parts in our country that very few have been able to go. I could count how many have been able to go. They're the the remotest place in Uganda called Karamoja. I know there might be a few people from Karamoja, brethren there that might be streaming this service. And so, uh, thank you, brother Michael, for greeting them and saying, "God bless you." You know, I was at brother Michael's house yesterday seeing, you know, the place where he lives and the place where he accepted to go. I want to say that that's just a burden to send this message out and I appreciate the man of God and brother Murphy, you know, um I've heard of him for years as well. The miracles and wonders that the Lord has performed through you for the Chinese language and the Chinese people, we hear all that and it encourages us and it keeps us going. I want to say God bless you, the congregation here at Clover. I'm a member of this church. Like brother Michael said, I I'm not new. I may be new to some of you, but I'm a member here. And uh I want to say thank you for allowing me to come and you know and to speak to you this morning. And thank you for coming to be a part of this service this morning. Greetings from our church, Days of the Voice uh Fellowship in Campala. My wife Sister Rebecca and and the family, they all sent their rigs and their greetings. Um many of them are actually uh streaming the service live. So uh they're part of what is is happening right now. I just have a few slides before we get into the word. I just don't want to you know drag the whole thing. Maybe I just go into the slides right now and uh just share a little bit of my testimony so that uh those of you who might want to know a little more of what the Lord has done in our life and what the Lord is doing can be able to see some pictures. Is that all right? &gt;&gt; Amen. Okay. So yeah. So, um I just wanted to Okay. Is that moving? Okay. I think that picture did not come out right. No. Okay. That picture did not come out right, but that that's all right. It's just a a huge Anglican church. So, um and and you know, my father was a priest in the Anglican church. And you know, my mother was a woman preacher in the same church. And um after the confirmation, you know, there's a ceremony that they do every um every now and you know, you don't believe. They baptize you when you're a baby. And so someone else believes for you called a godfather. And you know, after that, then the bishop comes. Of course, they teach you for a while, maybe 6 months. They teach you the sacraments and blah blah blah, the doctrines of the of their denomination. And then afterwards, the bishop comes to confirm you as a member of that church. And so the bishop came and confirmed us and I was um requested then to speak give a a a speech to thank the bishop for that and I was one of them that was requested to speak and the bishop was impressed and he requested me to go and and and leave with him at his uh decision palace. It was there at you know I'll just try to make it a little bit brief and not go into the lengthy testimony. So it was there that I started preaching at the age of 13 by God's grace and you know the bishop one time we were on the dining and then he looked at me and he said talima can you preach? Well, you could not say no to a bishop. And and so I said yes by the grace of God. And that would be the very first time the following day that I I preached my first sermon at age 13. And but you know, God had other plans as much as I thought that I'm from a religious background and I'm I'm I'm a son of a priest and I'm going to be a bishop. That was my ambition by the way. I wanted to be a bishop in the Anglican church cuz I thought that's the best you can do to serve the Lord. I know different now. And and so at at age 15, you know, the message came my way and um I I at brother Michael's house and the family, I was able to go into the details of that. But unfortunately because of um not so much time that we have this morning, I'll just give you a little bit of a brief. you know um I I started staying at a a a family friend's house family friend who happened to be a pastor in this message because in that town where I was after I left the bishop's house was um the only place that was available for me to stay at was at a family friend who actually happened to be a pastor in this message. And so my my my mom knew that. And so she told me, "Well, I'm going to leave you here, but I warn you." And she showed me a p the picture, brother Bannam, with a pill of fire on it. He said, "I warn you. These people uh uh worship this man, so please don't join them." I said, "Mom, you know, you know me better than that. I cannot join them. I I'm going to uh I'm going to to help them." And and so I was only 15 years of age at the time. And I I was keen the whole time for about 6 months. I was listening to what they had to say but I was waiting for them to bow before the picture which never happened and so it troubled me but everything they were saying was in the scriptures. I had heard about water baptism godhead serpent seed and all these teachings and I could see it is bibilical. So I was wondering why would they then worship a man and so I was waiting for them to bow before the man and it never happened until one time I asked I asked the pastor brother Leo I said uh who is this man he said oh it's a good question. So he opened the Bible immediately and I thought how is that connected? How is the picture of this man connected to the Bible? Uh but you know he took me to several scriptures and you know Malachi 4 and Isaiah 61 and Luke Luke 1 and you know several other scriptures. Revelation 10:17 uh 10:7 and you know uh he was able to introduce to me the ministry of Elijah. And so I saw clearly from the scripture before we even talked about the man that there is an Elijah to come to restore all things. And and so um I I saw that and it was clear but then he said who is the man? Do you know who the man is? Uh he mentioned a few names. I said I'm not too sure. I can't say. I can't say. He said well is it your bishop? I said I can't no. Then he said so who is this man? I said I don't know. He said okay then I'll tell you who this Elijah is. And so he started introducing to to me the ministry of brother Banam and who brother Banam is and went into the details and and that um you know went into these his his um you know what we know and about brother Banam and his beginning and his ministry and but that convinced me that it was like the truth but it did not move me to join him and be a part of uh of their church and you know I continued staying with them and so in the morning I would go to my church early in the morning very early in the we hours of the And then midm morning I would come back to uh their church because I had no place to go. I was staying with them and so I would come back to their church and but long story short this day was the changing um uh was I can say the turning point in my life. You know I was seated in one of the uh pews in the church in the Anglican church and it was a woman preacher that came up a woman priest of course with all the robes and everything and and so um I knew it was wrong. So the scriptures my mind kept on pointing me back again to Timothy 1 Timothy chapter 2 and you know other scriptures I knew it was wrong but then I was like okay it's just one time it's just a day it will just pass and but that was the day that God had plans to move on my heart and you know um they told us to turn in the in the rear side of the church and we started um are rehearsing the Apostles Creed. The Apostles Creed. I don't know how many know the Apostles Creed. Okay. Yes. Maybe those of you who were born in the message don't understand what the Apostles Creed is, but these are some of the creeds that you know we used to rehearse and sing and I believe in this, I believe in that, I believe in and then there's this phrase and I believe in the holy Catholic church. I said, well, I thought I was Protestant cuz Anglican is Protestant. Then I believe in I'm a part of the Catholic Church. you know that moved on my heart and um in a in a nutshell there was a baptistry way in the back and so there there were these you know parents with their children and and you know the priest would come and and ask um who is the godfather of this child one by one they did that one by one who is the godfather of this child and and one person would come up say yes myself he said okay name this child and then they would name the child then they would ask the child the priest would ask the child um a few questions like um are you ready to recount the world and follow the ways of Jesus Christ blah blah blah blah and then the the godfather of course the child was way too young to understand what what is going on so the the godfather would say yes I do I was like this is fake it's it's not real and and as the as the priest took the water from the baptistry to baptize this child and I baptize you in the name of the father you know right there at that moment the atmosphere changed around me I began to feel different and I never knew he's got a whirlwind but then I had a while a while a while you know in my ears and around my head and woo woo and you a voice came out of it and spoke to me I heard it as clear as you're hearing me and say tala take the nearest exit and leave this place because you're in the wrong place and it came two and three times and on the third time I just took my Bible and swung my way out of that church but I was confused. confused because I had I have I tried to look around to see whether others were hearing what I was hearing but it was clear that nobody was hearing it but me and so I had no place to go. Remember midm morning I would go to the message church. So that day I go to this message church and I find a brother who his name is Paul. He was preaching like a man with cords of fire under his feet and you know and he was speaking about everything I left in my church and you know he was speaking about that woman Jezebel and you know talking about the false church system and it just you know cut me to the heart and and you know he he and at the end of the service then he would say how many of you know they knew me well. I had been there for about 6 months and I had never made a decision. be patient with people who linger even when they don't make a decision. God is moving in their hearts. And so God was moving on my heart and at that moment you know that presence came back again and you know I heard a voice and spoke to me these words. He said Talm stand up on your feet, &gt;&gt; lift up both your hands and proclaim on the top of your voice that you have believed this message. It is the truth and that you'd like to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Those are the words I heard. I'm just a witness of what I heard. &gt;&gt; And those words came twice. The third time I found myself cuz I don't know something happened. I found myself standing up and tears flowing my down my eyes and I had one of my hands up and I said those words and people were about 10 15 in this little town at that time believers of the message. But when they started, you know, shouting and clapping their hands, you would think it's like 200 or or 300 people, it looked like there was a great rejoicing and a presence of the Holy Spirit there. And I was baptized that day. So when I came out of the water, I made up a pledge before the Lord. I said, "Lord, you've moved on my heart. From this day on, I'm going to go everywhere around the world and testify that this message is true." Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And and so at age 17 and you know that is 2 years later I came I I had so many questions and I wanted to know more things and what's the message? What's everything? What was the beginning of it and everything so I started going on the internet to try and research and try to find out more. I I wanted to spread the message but there's much about the message that I did not know. And so that's when I came across this church and I saw brother Biscal preach and that did not leave me the same. It did not leave me the same. It did not leave me the same. And I wanted to get in touch with that man. I I tried my best. I tried my best but I failed. And then one time I I see um a man you know contacting me um happened to be brother Victor Admira who is just here this morning. God bless you brother Victor. And later on I learned that brother Ed had asked him to check check out this young man. Who is he? What is he trying to do? And you know and later on brother Ed answered me one of those uh emails and the rest is history. But I want to say that I learned so much. What I am today the ministry and what God has accomplished in my life is because of this ministry. The the life and testimony of brother Ed and and and the the services after services that I streamed that I listen to. And I want to say to you, the congregation here and especially brother Tom, I was telling brother Tom that he has been serving um together with brother Ed for more than 50 years. I want to say that that's a life that has been surrendered to this message and we appreciate the men of God that have labored not minister to you as a congregation but to all of us over the years. And so um when I had my wedding um I I was just uh preparing for my wedding and you know I um just before my wedding I of course I had already got this burden to move around the world and I know you've heard this part of the story from other brethren and other ministers even from this platform but uh I'd like to give you my side of the testimony and what the Lord did. You know, God always works from both ends. And, you know, um I I I needed somebody, you know, from the church here to be a part of uh of our of our life. And and you know, brother brother Tim, we invited him out of what the Lord had um showed me and I had already shared it with my pastor, brother Leo, that God showed me when someone is asking me to change my wedding dates to another date. And I don't know why but you know two weeks later brother Tim asked me to change my wedding debts and I had to move it. Brother Leo told me well that is the Lord. There must be something there must be a reason. And by the way for about 2 years I had had this burden to go out into Ethiopia and I did not know anyone in Ethiopia. I tried to reach out to a few people and you know I I was rejected down flat and you know I had talked with brother Victor about Ethiopia several times and I had told him about the burden I had and we were talking over for some time and later on you know when I was rejected by there's a brother who was uh living in Ethiopia at the time and he asked me he said u he asked me a few questions I won't you know bother you with the details of them it was like an you. I think I failed those questions terribly, you know, because he was asking me how old I am and how long I've been preaching and everything. So, he said, "I'm I'm sorry I can't have you come uh uh you know, because the the two major reasons was you don't know the language of the people here and also you don't have the money to to get along and to take care of yourself here. So, I cannot receive you in Ethiopia. It's not as um the same as your country. I will not have you." So, I was I felt rejected. I felt bad. So I went before the Lord and I led two fleces before him. I said, "Lord, if it's a will for me to go into the country and take this message." That's all the burden that I had. Then opened the door, provide for me the funds to go without having to ask anybody. And also I said, "Lord, if it's your will, then provide a sovereign contact without me having to beg anybody to to receive me into the country." And uh so we we we had my wedding and uh brother Tim came for my wedding and about 17 brother Kim Dingo I don't know whether he's around uh here well uh I think brother Kim and his wife and a few others came and you know I was in Australia some time back I found a sister in that church quiz church that was on my wedding I was so so amazed and I see the sister over here. She was at my wedding too. And you know, so we were just very little at the time. And you know, brother Tim uh said, "Look, I I'm going to offer you uh a honeymoon as my gift as our gift u from to you for a honeymoon to Ethiopia." He did not even know how long and what I had gone through to get into the country and the rejection I had already received in the country. And so he said, "Don't worry." before I answered him, he said, "Don't worry about the funds. We are going to provide those funds." So, God had already answered the first fleas that had laid before him. And and and so, um then we we pick up uh you know, we pick up uh the you know, my laptop and I'm with my wife. We trying to book the ticket to go to Ethiopia. And here on the laptop, someone calls me. I do not know them. I've never talked with them. I knew a few people in Nairobi but this was a new face and this man tells me and don't I have about 30 pictures to show you this will be the only time um that I'll take and then I'll just run through them. So, but this man then told me that um I I had put up a website at the time and I had called it the youth message site and my purpose was to reach out you know to the pe the young people with this message of the hour. So he said I have this burden is an Kenyan man in Nairobi and he tells me I have this burden to reach among Ethiopian people but I do not have the means to go to Ethiopia and well in my heart I said I have the means already and so he said um but I came across your picture and I I had you know gone um to there's a um kind of a place where many uh Ethiopians leave the refugees in Nairobi. called East Lee. And so he said, "I've gone to East and um I've preached this message and a few Ethiopians have believed this message." Uh but before I could baptize any of them, I came across your website and the Holy Spirit ministered to me and he said, "Call this brother to come and be the one to baptize them." And so that's why I'm calling you. He said, "Would you please come?" I said, "Brother, you don't have to ask me would I please come. I'm coming right away with my wife." And so we changed. We we never went straight to um Adisaba. We went via Nairobi by road and and so that's how the the Lord answered both places. He provided the funds and I I did not know what he would do with this but I felt like baptizing an Ethiopian from the blue there must be something to eat. So we went to Nairobi and uh um okay you see this man right over here his name is Dissa it was in May 2013 he was the first Ethiopian to be baptized and you see that man I don't know if I can be able to do I have to point through okay wait yeah this man over here, his name is Justin Veroga. I've never even talked with him after that. I don't know which church he comes from. And and so he was the one that uh called me. I never knew him at the time. And and so this man, you know, as I started talking to him, he said, "You're wasting my time. Just get me to the water, baptize me because I've already believed the message." And so I uh we took him, you know, I was very young. You can see at the time over here is Pastor Wikliffe. He's the pastor of the church where the people that I knew. So I connected with them and we used their baptism tank and we baptized this brother and u so this man came out of the water and he gave me two contacts one of his brother his biological brother and another one of his uh priest he said please go to Ethiopia and take this message to my people and so we I reach Ethiopia. This picture you see here is the I remember brother Biscal showed this picture here. Uh some of you who have good memory can remember his name is Evangelist Biru. This man Yeah. This man when he heard the message okay when he heard the message he told me everything I've heard is the truth but I'm a priest in the Lutheran church. There's no I I I had too many people. There's no way I can leave. So, please continue. You have my blessing. He hugged me. He was speaking those words as he was hugging me. Continue preaching this message. You You have an open door in this country, but I'm sorry. I I can't be one of those that will follow this message, but I believe it. Continue preaching it. It was confusing. I couldn't understand that. And and so, and he he was crying, by the way, while he was saying those words. And then he left. And then I called the brother to uh the second contact. And this is the second contact right there, brother Kumasa. And he happened to be the very first one in Ethiopia to receive this message. When he came, he he traveled 100 kilometers. And he heard everything we had to say. And he came out and he said, "Look, I've already received." Just like his brother Nairobi, he said, "I've already received this message. I would like to be baptized right away." And we baptized him right away. And then after of course you see we're using bathtubs cuz we did not have any access to water at the time. And uh so then he um calls he he go gets on the phone immediately after water baptism. This is after his baptism. He gets on the phone and he calls this woman. He says he he tells me that is this woman that is coming. She's on fire. She's a prayer warrior. I want her to receive this message. And so uh this happened to be uh Sister Yordit. Um uh I know many of you have heard about Sister Yordit and I I talk about Sister Yodit because Yudit is a woman when she came she changed my perspective of outreach of reaching out to new people. Of course she had earrings and you know you know necklace and you know trous pants and you know the way she was I was like is this the prayer warrior I've been told and this is a Jezebel. So as I started talking to her, I was not you know like giving her my all and and you know she designed that she was a spiritual woman. &gt;&gt; She told me look don't waste my time. I have been praying the whole night and the Lord spoke to me that someone is coming with a message for me from another country and that's why when Kumasa called me I have come and I thought you were the one but the way you are talking it doesn't look like you have any message for me. If you have any message for me give it to me. if you don't don't waste my time. I'll just leave. It was like a rebuke, a very sharp rebuke. I I I I had to apologize to the Lord and I opened up and I, you know, just brought out everything and from from I can say Genesis to Revelation and she received the whole message right away. And by the time we were done, it's 9:00 p.m. and she says, "I want to be baptized." We couldn't find water. So, she came in the very early in the morning. By the way, remember this is our honeymoon. So, so she comes uh she comes very early in the morning and we we were able to take her for baptism. The following day, the following day, it was Sunday and here we we this was my very first time to preach in any Ethiopian church. It was a Lutheran church and she was one of the interpreters. I asked brother Ed can I don't have an interpreter but I've been invited because Kumasa talked with the with his pastor and you know they invited us to go and so brother Ed told me well brother uh brother Bernham had a a a woman interpreter in Finland if there is nobody to help she can help and so she helped but you know uh as we were preaching we we talked about Mark 16 he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved and he that believeth not shall be damned and so I said what comes first baptism or belief Everybody said believing. So then when the pastor saw this is the pastor right there on the right. When he saw the direction we were taking, he said um he started talking to Yit and told told her, "Look, this is way out of our doctrine. You have to stop." And she she said, "No, we cannot stop. this is a man of God and this is a message from God and the people you cannot hinder them and you know they're behind me talking and so I'm left without an interpreter because Y was interpreting in the local the from English to Amharic and the pastor was interpreting from uh Amharic to Afano Roma the the the other language and so the service could not continue but uh I I I tell you what um that was our first trip and you know on the second trip I I started going with a friend of mine, brother brother Paul uh um to to Nairobi um I mean the one who lives in Nairobi. I started going with him to Ethiopia and I'll share one testimony with him. We the Lord accomplished a lot of things. But I can share this cuz you've heard of this and you know one time I'm walking on the street with brother Paul and it is night around 9:00 p.m. and there's you know we hear someone tapping on us and you know it is brother Paul because brother Paul had been in the world. I've never been in the world before. So he understood right quick that you know this is a a prostitute. And so he tells me uh she's a prostitute. I said how did you know? You know he explained to me. So I said, "Okay, so how are we going to to go about it? Should we just run away or should we um uh talk to her?" Um so she couldn't talk good English. So we decided that we will make an appointment with her when Sister Yod is available and then if she wants to come, you know, she can come. And long story short, she comes the following day. We had an appointment in the evening hours and she comes, you know, all made up and I think she thought she was going for business and but look, brother Paul was here, but myself and sister Yodit had come as well and we all had our Bibles ready. And so when she walks, she it's like she walked into an ambush and and so she she felt, you know, different. She was like, "Uh, is it is everything fine?" Say, "Yeah, yeah." So we quickly introduced ourselves as preachers through the interpreter. Of course the sority was now the one interpreting and and so we told her everything that you know why why we're in Ethiopia what we are doing and uh after hearing the message for about an hour she tells us look uh brothers uh uh she said look gentlemen I have been in in this business for 10 years this is all that I know to do I cannot lie to you that I can be able to have the strength within myself to overcome and so I I suggest that uh you don't let me test God you don't Let me play with the blood of Jesus. With order is not by power or by might, but by the spirit of God. And and so I have never seen the Holy Spirit grip somebody so much in that magnitude, that kind of person that way. when we we begin to speak in that direction, the Holy Spirit just took a hold of on her and she started you know she started um you know saying well in this case I'm ready if if it's not by my power but by his power I am ready I like to be baptized and we baptized her that same day I tell you this message has power &gt;&gt; even prostitutes can be converted &gt;&gt; and so where many of the people I just run through the rest and so we can be able to go to the word and you know this was uh the baptism of brother Morgus and this is June 2014 and I know brother Murphy and uh brother Tom have been in Adis Sababan I've met brother Morgus this is June of 2014 and you know the Holy Spirit led us to go to this uh uh school and it's a it's a university I I I I have a dream and you know I I'm not a kind of person that always wants to follow dreams but I have this dream and you know we are by the coffee shop at a university. So I asked sister audit we were with brother Paul we asked sudit is there a university that you can suggest that we go to she said well there are many universities in this country but and then she started speaking them one by one and then nothing clicked in my heart and then she says Adamama University. Adama sounded Jewish and I said what does Adamama mean? She said it means Nazareth. I said we will go to Nazareth because you know can anything good come from Nazareth and and and you know right by the coffee shop is where we find a few young men you know they were you know students some of them law students others engineers but you know from from that place that's where we found brother Morgus and you know when the message got a hold of him it never let go &gt;&gt; and I want to say uh now 2021 we ordained him as the pastor of the church after we existed and went back to Uganda. Isn't that amazing? &gt;&gt; And uh you can now see the church. I know you've seen many pictures of these and uh they have had many special meetings uh with the team coming over and many brothers have come out of that original work and started out different you know works and this is 2025. We ordained another brother there as a pastor of another church brother Ephraim in another place. Uh there's a church in Awasa and That's the church in Aasa. I know I saw brother Gary Walker visit here and that's brother Gary Walker one time he was just going somewhere and he went through there. All those brothers you can see by by the left are now pastors of this message &gt;&gt; in Ethiopia. Uh well then uh we we we we went back to Uganda where we currently are and I did not know what to do. Uh because when we went to Ethiopia, we thought we were going to become Ethiopians. We tried to get citizenship. They couldn't give citizenship. It's funny. An African country cannot give another person from another African country citizenship. So we could not you know move to Ethiopia and then you know another law came that we cannot stay in the country unless we have theology uh unless we qualify for theology. So we had to exit and go back to Uganda. And I did not know what to do going back to Uganda. But you know the Lord had other plans as well. And so we we got uh a place there in Campala and started having fellowship in my house. And if you see on this next picture there on the computer, some brothers in other places in Ethiopia also would stream us uh would with us on Zoom because they did not have ministers. Now they have ministers so they don't have to do that. And so we it was like a home fellowship and you know we became uh we expanded and you know we were able to get another location in 2022 and and later on expanded and got a larger place where we were very honored to have pastor Tom come and brother Mike has come several times actually. Brother Mike has come before when we were still in this little place. we call it a leadershop and and so um uh it was a blessing to have you brother Michael and and uh then you know God has expanded us now and have a congregation of about 120 people and uh every year we have annual youth meetings and brother Michael opened them for us. the very first youth camp that we had, he came and preached those meetings and and you know the vision for youth for youth meetings I can say it was was birthed in me out of what I used to feist on on your cloal Bible way camp. I would watch all those services after service and I would be impacted. I like no my people in Uganda need something like this. We now have something like that in Campala and and uh so these are the meetings we've had different ones come. Brother Andrew Glover and brother Timothy Prut and brother Michael has been there and it's been a blessing to the region the entire region and God has also you know been giving us an open door to new areas in Uganda in Karamoja where the message has been there since the 1980s but uh they've never had even one message book in their language and you know when brother Michael came I took him up there and he was able to see I And some of the we were driving one time and you know the road ended and we had no more road and we had to go through a bush. This is reality. Brother Michael was just with me right there and um and we lost a a tire and uh but you see these are people that love the Lord but had no access to the message. and uh you know but now we started you know uh translating and we've been doing this project with um with uh Bible believers and now we've we we have translated the church age book and finished it completed it and distributed it to the Karamoja brethren and we so we print we have a little printing u operation in Kala where we have our young people from my church they just come and help to collect and to to do the printing and they volunteer their time to do that. So every month we print 12,500 messages not only in one language. We we we do Luganda language, we do Atoeso, we do Karamojong. And these are all new languages, especially Ateso and Karamojong languages that have not had the message in their language before. And now they have the message. And you know, when when brother Tom came, these ministers had to, you know, I heard the testimony here as they were giving it. I need to give you this back end. They when they heard that brother Tom was coming, brother Michael, they had to travel more than 10 hours. Many of them I I couldn't even like they wanted to come. Many I told them look you have to limit yourself. The reason why they wanted to come to just tell him thank you for giving us the message in our language and we had 27 ministers from Karamoja and about um uh you know 20 from another region. And I I tell you this message has not only changed our life but has changed our life so that we can change other people's lives. And I want to say thank you for having um a ministry here that has been a blessing to the bride around the world. I'm a product of this ministry. I know many are asking, do you have a family? Yes, of course. When I got married, the Lord did not stop there. He he he blessed us with a family and I have five children now and and and um and God has been God has been good. God has been good. Well, God bless you. &gt;&gt; Amen. I wonder if we can stand and just uh try to go to the word. Do we have any more time for preaching this morning? Uh where I I know I I was told that we had 1 hour so we have one extra hour you know. So praise the Lord. I just love the Lord. Amen. Amen. Shall we sing a little chorus just to change the order of the service? Be still and know that I am the Lord. Amen. We can just sing it even without the music. Amen. Be still and know just lift up your voice that I am God. Be still and know that I am God. is still unknown that I am God. I am the Lord that he &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. and the Lord that he let thee. I am the Lord that he led thee. loving Jesus. As we now going to turn our pages of our Bibles, Lord, and get into what you have for us this morning. I've waited upon you and you've laid a burden on my heart. Something to speak, Lord, to your people, Father. Not that I have anything to say, but that Lord, you would come and say something that will be a blessing to each of us. Father, take me out of the way, Lord, and take all the nervousness away and use me, Father, to be a blessing to your people now in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Shall we turn to the book of Romans, chapter 8, verses 28. And by the way, brother Steven sent you greetings. I know he's well known here. He asked me to greet you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. We're reading Romans 8 28-30. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose. For we for whom he did for know he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate them he also called and whom he called them he uh he also justified and whom he justified them he also glorified. You believe that? Say amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Please be seated. Uh can I have more sound in the monitor if if possible? I just want to speak to you on a subject this morning after all have spoken in the message the faith of Abraham. Brother Bham said God called Abraham because he was a a good man is it's a question. Did God call Abraham because he was a good man? &gt;&gt; No. And the answer is no. He says no. God called Abraham by election. God elects people. In the book of Ephesians, the first chapter and about the fifth verse, Paul states the word predestinated us to adoption of sons. Now, that doesn't mean that God just puts you in a little channel and runs you through and you can't help, you know, how you go. He says that will be no reward, but God gives you the free moral agency to make your choice. But God will keep his believer. And that's mot right there. God will keep his believer. You know God told Cain one time if you do well will you not be accepted. The first time I heard that I was like okay serpent seed. I thought he cannot believe but then God said I will accept you. So Cain you know had to make a choice even you know he had to make a choice but Cain made a different choice because to do well he needed spiritual revelation of the will of God. And all our choices in life are guided by the revelation that we have. &gt;&gt; That's why the prophet you know in the Patmos vision says we should pray for God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; For a revelation by his spirit &gt;&gt; without faith. Without revelation it is impossible to please God. Cain could not please God. God was more than able to accept Cain. God wanted to accept Cain. God does not want anyone to be lost. But you see, Cain had nothing in there acceptable. But God had a, you know, always in every generation has a group of people in every race, in every tongue, every, and I know here we're multicultural church. I say God has a people out of every culture, out of every nation, out of every race that will not be denied. &gt;&gt; And I'm so happy that I am one of them. &gt;&gt; Amen. When they hear the word, something on the inside says amen to that word. Amen. These are the called. They are the called according to his purpose. &gt;&gt; You know, they were predestinated to be conformed to the image of his son. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; You know, we continue that what it says predestinated looks back. You know, predestination looks back to fornowledge and fornowledge looks onto destiny. That God being infinite in the beginning knew the end from the beginning. Therefore, he knew what people would do. &gt;&gt; He knew what you would do. He knew the choices that you would make. &gt;&gt; So, he could foretell what would take place for he knew what would be. Therefore, because Esau and Jacob either one was born, before either one was born, God could say, "Esau I've hated and Jacob have loved because he forneew what they could be." He, you know, he says he never made Esau the way he was. He wasn't willing that Esau would be that way. And I believe for Cain even the same thing. But Esau, brother Bam says, Esau by choice. God knew would take that way. So that's how he knows us today. He knows your heart. You might be able to fool your neighbor. You might be able, he says, to fool your pastor, but you will never be able to fool God. Why? Because God knows your heart. God knows my heart. Therefore, by election, he chose Abraham. For he knew what Abraham would do. You remember when he called him out of there, he said he did not uh keep the thing a secret from him. When he was going down to destroy Sodom and Gomorrah, he said, "For I know that Abraham will teach his children." &gt;&gt; I know &gt;&gt; Abraham will teach his children. &gt;&gt; I know. I know it. God himself. I know that Abraham would send this message on down from one generation to another. God knew that about Abraham. But God for knowing that and knowing that Abraham would do it, knowing that Abraham would do it, then he told Abraham in the beginning that he would save him and save his seed after him &gt;&gt; and he would give him the unconditional covenant. &gt;&gt; Not because Abraham was good, &gt;&gt; but because God was good. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; God called you. God called me because he knew all the choices that I would make. &gt;&gt; He knew all the choices that you would make. He has confidence in you. It's not about me. It's not about you. It's about him that called you. He has confidence in you. &gt;&gt; No matter what is happening in my life, no matter what is happening in our life, in your life as an individual, he has placed this message in our hands. &gt;&gt; Do you know why he has placed this message in our hands? because he knows this that you would believe it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Why God brought this message to me? Because he knew I would believe it. &gt;&gt; He knew you would believe it. He knew you will live it too. &gt;&gt; You He also knew that you would send this message on down to another generation. Amen. Can I remove my cord? &gt;&gt; Praise God. Hallelujah. I was just thinking friends why among all the people and you know this morning at that I I have nothing to preach to you really you've had the best ministry in the world but I'm just going to speak my heart and just just give me your undivided annotation and let the Lord minister to us this morning &gt;&gt; you know I I was just thinking friends why among all the people in the world there are so many people in the world that met brother Bham so many people that made brother Bham. But why brother Eddie Biscow? Why in that manner? &gt;&gt; And there are many who met him and you know they made you know a kingdom for themselves and uh you know became something but brother Biscal right until the end he would say we I'm nothing but a preacher of the gospel. Why why would he call you? Listen, this means he knew why God brought the message to him, to brother Ed. Because he knew that brother Ed would take it on down from generation to generation. &gt;&gt; Amen. The reason why he called me, the reason why he called you, God has a purpose in your life. He didn't just call you. He has a purpose in your life. He has something to accomplish in your life. Amen. &gt;&gt; You see, this means he knew you would surely not compromise the word. You know, talk about good stewards of this sacred trust. He knew you would not compromise the word. That's why he called you to believe this message of Yahw. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise God. I can say to you mothers, he knew you would teach your children. &gt;&gt; Amen. To you fathers, he knew you would live by example and raise a seed for the glory of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. to you preachers. You know, he knew you would preach this word without a seminary experience but with zeal and responsibility. &gt;&gt; Amen. I was just telling brother Tom, is this all right? I was just telling him that uh you know I I saw coveret the way that you've been over the years consistent and you know standing behind a ministry and you know without wanting to you know be seen and everything you know why brother Tom of all people that God would place him there to just be such a support in brother Biscar's ministry even after you know take over the work why because God called him because he knew what he would do. &gt;&gt; God makes no mistakes. Hallelujah. He would call a man. Amen. Because he he knows that this man would have a zeal. He would have a responsibility for this message of the hour. &gt;&gt; And I said to the young people like me here this morning. Amen. We are here. You are here. You are the called. You are not just called. You are the &gt;&gt; God has confidence in you. He is counting on you. Do not let the devil ground you because of, you know, these little things, this or that. And God is counting on you. God is counting on me. God is counting on us. Since I received this message, friends, I've never allowed the devil to ground me because of the little things that have happened in my life. I've always known this one thing. God has called me to be a witness in my generation. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And we're going to take, you know, Job and go through him and see. I'm going to speak to you this morning on the subject after all have spoken. Job 1:es 1 to3. He says, "There was a man in the land of whose whose name was Job. And that man was perfect and upright, and one that feared God, and esceded evil, and there were born unto him seven sons, and three daughters. His substance also was 7,000 sheep and 3,000 camels and 500 yoke of oxen and 500 shees and a very great household. So that this man was the greatest of all the men of the east. &gt;&gt; So God knew Job and God had called Job for a time such as this. And now see you know when God calls you, Satan is always near. &gt;&gt; Amen. The way is good and is effectual, but there are always many adversaries. Job 1:6, let's look at it. I know you know it, but I have a few scriptures here and there that we will read. Not all of them, but just a few to give you the picture here. And as I build this little foundation, it says verses six, now there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord, and Satan came also among them. And the Lord said unto Satan, whence comest thou? Then Satan answered the Lord and said, "From going to and fro in the earth, and walking up and down in it?" And the Lord said unto Satan, "Hast thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and upright man, one that fearth God and escueth evil." Then Satan answered the Lord, and said, "Do Job fear God for not? Hast not thou made a hedge about him and about his house and about all that he has on every side? Thou hast blessed the work of his hands and his substance is increased in the land. But and the devil suggested, "Put forth his thine hand now." And he said, "Put forth thine hand now and touch all that he has, and he will cast thee to thy face." And the Lord said unto Satan, "Behold, all that he has is in thy power, only upon himself, put forth not thy hand." So Satan went forth from the presence of the Lord. I'm imagining if I can picture that, you know, Satan speaking to God about Job, Satan speaking to God about you, and then God goes like, "Really? You think because of what I've given you, that's why he loves me. That's why he's saying, "Glory, hallelujah. That's why he le is leaving for me. You think because of what I've given him, God has confidence in his elect. &gt;&gt; Praise God. And so he says, "Well, you can go ahead and touch him. Go and do whatever you want to do." And then look at verses 13. And many who came when this happened when he was touched and uh things started going the wrong direction and people started to speak. Amen. &gt;&gt; And the first, you know, servant came and, you know, gave a a testimony and and and he said the Sabbian the the Sabbians fell upon the oxen and the asses and took them away and killed the servants. Bad news for Job. The second servant came in verse 16. He said while he was yet speaking while the first servant was yet speaking. The other came and and also another and he said the fire of God is falling up upon from heaven and has burned up the sheep and the servants and consumed them and I only am kept alone to tell thee. And then the servant the third servant came and while the other was speaking and he said three bands of the uh calaldians fell upon the camels and carried them away and killed the servants. Then a fourth servant came. I mean like it was bang after bang after bang after bang of bad news. &gt;&gt; There came a great wind from the wilderness and small the house and all the children are dead. &gt;&gt; Bad news. But then at that moment Job arose and rent his mantle and shoved his head and fell down upon the ground and worshiped. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That's what the bride does. No matter what is happening. Amen. We are created to be worshippers. &gt;&gt; Amen. And and he said naked came out of my my mother's womb and naked shall I return. The Lord gave and the Lord taketh away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. And in all this Job sin not nor go charged God foolishly. You know what? The one that is called of God cannot sin. The Bible says that they are that are born of God cannot sin. Now that was the first phase. The devil thought uh you know well I would bring my best and then it didn't work. He was like ah this did not work. I need to go back and try something else. But you know he cannot do anything without permission. &gt;&gt; Therefore I don't want you to worry about whatever is happening in our life because God &gt;&gt; has given the devil permission for whatever is happening. Why? Because he has confidence in you. He knows you cannot fall away. He knows nothing is going wrong because everything is working out for his glory and his purpose in your life. &gt;&gt; And you know uh the second phase in Job 2:1 again there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord and Satan came along uh also among them to present himself before the Lord. And the Lord said unto Satan, Fromce comest thou? And Satan answered the Lord and said from going to and fro in the earth and from walking up and down in it. Isn't it what the devil specializes in doing? Just just going about in the message victory day, brother Bam says that's what the devil is so after us about. That's what the devil is so after the bride. Amen. The church. So for now it's getting close to V day. He says that's right. She's getting real close. The de the devil knows that it's getting really close to the change of our bodies. Why? Because this is the purpose why the message came. &gt;&gt; That's when the enemy does his worst to reroute to reroute. The Bible said why unto the earth because the devil is like a roaring lion in the last days going uh going around devouring what he will. &gt;&gt; You see why unto them the persecutions and things will take place and hold right to it. Don't you move &gt;&gt; right or left, stay right with that word. &gt;&gt; God said, "So that does it." Stay right with the word. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Just stay with me here. Something I'm trying to get to with the message future home of the heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride. He says, "Satan is defeated." That's a proclamation. We ought to say amen to that. &gt;&gt; Satan is defeated. &gt;&gt; He knows. He knows. He's on the earth. He is going like a roaring lion. It isn't long till he is finished. &gt;&gt; He knows his time. He's going like a roaring lion. That's all he knows what to do to just go around like a roaring lion, but he is not a lion. He's like a roaring lion, but he's not a lion. &gt;&gt; But you know what? We know what a lion is. We have the lion of the tribe of Judah. &gt;&gt; Amen. But remember, the prince of peace stands by. Amen. I'm talking to believers. The prince of peace always stands by. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. The great divine one. The architect of my being. The architect who built me what I am. I love the song I heard you sing, brother Ryan. Amen. What I am, who I am. I know who I am. Who built you what you are is here. If the architect who knows how to put the building together it's right place who knows better than the architect. It's a question who knows better than the architect does Satan know and he is here the architect to prove himself that he is here. &gt;&gt; You know one thing that I love about the message is that brother Bernham never spoke presumptuously. When he spoke, he meant it. And you know what? God always came down to prove it. &gt;&gt; Amen. God always proves his word. &gt;&gt; Praise God. And all right, stay with me right here. Now, demonology, religious room, he says, and we know that Satan is gone about like a roaring lion everywhere devouring what he will wearing. Now, huh, now brother Bam begins to now explain to us how the devil comes. He says, wearing religious cloaks. Oh God, these poor little children, look at them everywhere. They are open and exposed to the people and and I pray thee, oh God, to be merciful to them and save all the lost, heal the sick. And God, we realize that these old devils of sickness coming upon your children that you have an atonement laying yonder to take care of that. And all the devils that would cause them to sin, you've got an atonement laying yonder. &gt;&gt; You will take care of it. And I pray that you will grant it in Jesus name. And we all say amen. You know what? He's able to do it just before the end of this service. &gt;&gt; Amen. And amen. Uh look, we'll just continue with that a little bit. On verses three, he says, "And the Lord said unto Satan, &gt;&gt; hast thou considered my servant Job that there is none like him in the earth, and a perfect and unap man, and one that fearth God and excuseth evil? And still he holdeth fast his integrity. Although thou movest me against him to destroy me him without cause. And Southern answered the Lord and said skin for skin. Yeah. All that a man has will he give for his life. But put forth thine hand now and touch his bone and his flesh. He will cast it to thy face. And the Lord said unto Satan, Behold. Is that what you think? Behold, he is in thy hand, &gt;&gt; but save his life. Amen. You know what? God can let Satan loose on your life, &gt;&gt; but he can never touch your soul. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. My soul in his is in his hands. &gt;&gt; So, Amen. And he says, "So went certain forth from the presence of the Lord. And smart job, we saw bold from the soul of his feet under the under his crown, and he took him a ported to scrap himself with, and he sat down upon the ashes." And then when that happened, the fifth person spoke, and this happened to be the wife of Job. She said, "And then said his wife unto him, Dust thou still retain thy integrity? Cast God and die." But he said unto her, "Thou speakest as one of the foolish women speak." What? What shall we receive good at the hand of God? And shall we not receive evil? In all this did not job sin with his lips. And you know in in Ismanian church age, brother Bham begins to talk about you know character and and and you know suffering and and I understand I I understand that very well you know and I believe every believer understands that very well because God molds each of our character and I I know you've heard that this quote many times but well just allow me to read it. Why does he stand by? The reason is Romans 8:17 to 18. And if children then hairs, hairs of God, and joint hairs with Christ, if so be that we suffer with him, that we may also be glorified together. For I recall that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory that shall be revealed in us. &gt;&gt; Unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him. You have to suffer to reign. The reason for this is that simply character can never be made without suffering. Character is a &gt;&gt; victory. Character is our victory. All right. And then he says, "Not a gift. A man without character cannot reign because power apart from character is satanic. &gt;&gt; But power with character is fit to rule." And and since he wants us to share, amen, with him with his he wants us to share even his throne on the same basis that he overcame and he sat down in his father's throne, then we have to overcome. Then we have to overcome. But remember, you cannot overcome without fighting. &gt;&gt; So then you have to overcome in order to sit with him. And you know what the promise of our generation ladia is to sit to rule with him on his throne. Amen. So we have to overcome in order to sit with him. And the little temporary who is suffering here today? Well, you may not to raise up your hand, but if you're suffering, Amen. This is for you. The little temporary suffering we go through now is not worth to be compared to the glory. Amen. That will be revealed in us when he comes. &gt;&gt; Oh, what treasures are laid up. Amen. For those who are willing to enter the kingdom through much tribulation. I want to say, but God is faithful. &gt;&gt; He will not suffer you to be tempted above what you are able. &gt;&gt; Amen. But with the temptation, you what? You'll always make a way of escape. &gt;&gt; Amen. I want to say to us in this generation, God, whatever you are going through, God has made a way for escape for you. &gt;&gt; You just haven't found it yet. But it's just right there, brother. Amen. Because this message can never lie. It's true. Let me tell you, if you want to know whether the message is true, I have tested it. I've seen Amen. You know what the mother who told me? Amen. That those people believe in a man and they worship a man. She's in my church. I'm her pastor. Hallelujah. But but but before that it was a big temptation for me, you know, because she said, "You are no longer my son. I've disowned you." Ah, I suffered, brethren. I suffered. My mother, I loved her because my father had already gone, you know, when he retired priesthood, he just went away with other women. And you know, my mother is all I had. And she says, "I've disowned you." So it was very painful. But you know what? At that time, I thought it was very painful, but I did not know what God had prepared. She's in the church now. Brother Mike has been there right at our house. And uh you know, but Pastor Thomas seen her and shook her hand. Praise the name of the Lord. What are you going through this morning? As long as you are the bride, let me prophesy to you. You are going to overcome. Now let me tell you that's not speaking presumptuously. It is a sure word of prophecy. &gt;&gt; Amen. Why? Because in every age there are overcomers. &gt;&gt; That means Amen. If you're going through something and you are the elect, you must overcome. &gt;&gt; Not that you cannot oh it is within you or you're going to do something over. No, it is because it is prophesied. He knew what you would do. Amen. &gt;&gt; You are going through it because you remember you are part of the overcomers in this ladian age. Let me be plain. Matter of fact, you are overcoming already. Amen. You are overcoming already. No matter what it is, sometimes it is a disease and a sickness and you know it weighs you down. And you know, let me tell you, God, the God of this message is alive. &gt;&gt; He's alive. &gt;&gt; Amen. There came a sister. Her name is Sister Boo. She was on one of the pictures and you know Sister Bus was one of the very very first believers in the church when we when we started out and uh so she came one time and you know in my little study and she told me she said pastor she was crying and she said pastor my brother is dying and I said what's wrong with him he said he has tuberculosis and he has been sick for more than 6 months so they sent him to a bigger referral hospital here in Adisaba which is the biggest referral hospital in the in the country and almost people who go there almost all of them die from TB and so he was isolated there in isolation and when I I told her well I just encouraged I said look our God is alive but not that I have any gift of healing I don't have any gift of healing not that I know of but but I I I have a message that I know works &gt;&gt; praise God and so I told her Luke let us go and pray for him cuz that's all she wanted and you know she came to her pastor and you know she believes with all her heart said you you know let's go and pray for him. So I asked brother Morgus, you know, who was um assisting me at the time, I said, "Let's go and pray for uh for for this uh uh for this man." So when we went to the hospital, we were declined. We were told, "You cannot enter here." Why? Because the place is highly contagious and you are not approved to enter here. You don't have masks. You don't have, you know, we had to plead because the sister was very desperate. And I had to I told the nurse, I said, "Look, whatever happens, count it on us. If you want us to sign anywhere, we can sign. we are preachers of the gospel. We just want to go in and out, pray in and out. So she said, "Well, it's all right. You can go ahead." And so we we arrived there and when I saw that site, it was the worst sight that I've ever beheld in my life. You know, it was just a skeleton, you know, barely no almost no breath. And this man was just lying there on the bed and they were just covering almost all his body and just the head. and he was on oxygen and he couldn't breathe on his own. all hair gone and you know he was in that state and oh I just remember you know when you listen to the message it you know puts a faith in you you know I remembered all the meetings that brother Banham would you know pray for different people and would say believe he's here he's here if you believe with all your heart is here you know you're trouble so I I began you know remembering all that and knowing that look if I serve the same God of the message he can be able to do something here and to make matters worse down in his village they had already dug his grave because they knew of course he was going to die in just a few days. So they were preparing for his burial and and so um I didn't do much. I tried to speak to him uh and but I I couldn't you know make out anything out of him. And so we we just laid our hands. I told him we're going to pray for you and the sister was interpreting. Brother Margus was interpreting rather. And so we prayed uh we prayed for him and and just I quoted Mark 16 and Lord you say that his son shall go with them that believe and they shall lay hands on the sick and the sick shall recover. Amen. And so we laid our hands and prayed in the name of the Lord and we left. We prayed for maybe just a little less than a minute and left. You know brethren in just two weeks in just two weeks that man was healed. They took him off of oxygen and his hair began to grow back &gt;&gt; and he came all the way from the mountain the isolation center where he was. He came walking. He said, "I cannot go by car. I have to prove to the devil that God has healed me." He came walking down from mountain and to the church and you know for the first time I saw someone showcasing a miracle. He came in the church and he was testifying to the people and he started running around said God has healed me and the village chiefs you know the denominational people they called they called him and they said we want to see those people who healed you and we want to we we want to see them because you they called him in Amharic it is called Alaza meaning the second Lazarus. We want to see uh we want to see the second Lazarus and we want to see the God who healed the second Lazarus. So we told him well we are not like faith healers but we are preachers of the gospel. If we come we are going to preach the message. So he communicated it back and forth. So we we were accepted to go. So we went and here the whole village had gathered and then they had come maybe they were seeking for miracles but we had to give a disclaimer right there. You know the brothers I was with they were just new in the message. So they were they kept on pushing me pastor let us hold a healing you know revival meeting. You know this is a very good ground and everything. If I told him, look, I I I'm not a fifth here. I I am given the message and I'm supposed to send this message out. God will do his work. &gt;&gt; The message works, my brothers and sisters. And so, we preached the message. We simply preached the message of salvation for their souls. And told them, look, if you are sick in your body, receive this God, receive this message, then you'll also be healed in your body. And I tell you what, many of them were not only healed in their body, but they received this message and they were baptized in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You know, it is very difficult in that village. So one by one we are coming through and they they would tell you don't tell others that have come, don't tell others. Until almost all the village was baptized. I tell you what friends, we are overcoming. &gt;&gt; If you have a disease, you are overcoming your disease. Amen. Do not say this is beyond what I can bear. God has confidence that you are going to overcome this. Amen. Of course, not without a fight. &gt;&gt; I do not care what it is. Heart trouble, cancer, headaches. I mean, demons come in many names. You know, you know tinitus. Have you ever heard of tinitus? Is a demon too. Baroness and rejection and fear, anxiety and depression and there are so many demons you know you know taking especially fighting our younger generation. Let me tell you the young people are going through many things that we can never I work with young people back at home and I will tell you they are going through things. Sometimes you are talking with them in you know in the interviews and oh my you like oh god what can I do for this person cuz you are hearing things that you never struggled with. The devil is coming in many colors but our God is here because his word is the same yesterday, today and forever. &gt;&gt; The word has never lost his power. All those sins that so easily beset you. You are overcoming them, just feed on the word every day. Stay with the word. And you know these three friends of Job and you know they came by and um you know Elifas and the Temonite builder, the Shuhide and Zofa the N the Namathite and and and they were with him for about seven days and no one said a word because of the troubles he was going through. But then after a while you know eleas you know came out and said but who can withhold himself from speaking who can with you know you've gone through gra but let us allow us to say something friends well people will speak but always be careful who you are listening to. &gt;&gt; Amen. When I Amen hallelujah when I receive this message I close my ears from all other speakers. Why? Because I found life in this message. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. But he said, "Who can withhold himself from speaking?" And so, you know, and you know, when they started speaking, they never spoke life into Job. And and and and you know, uh Edifa started saying, "Who whoever perished being innocent, you know, is is like telling Job, you are not innocent. You're not innocent. You're guilty." You know, and then build that came up and Job 8 and he also started speaking and whatever he was speaking because of time, I not read you all the things, but you know, he said, "Job, you should repent. you a secret sinner. And Zofa comes up the number and also begins to speak and he tells him, you know what, Job, you are a liar. You are hiding something from us. How can God let you suffer this way? Oh, the three friends of Job have spoken. But that is not all. You know, no matter conditions sometimes happen in your life and people speak and you know uh situations and people speak and you hear voices and sometimes it may not even be people speaking. The devil might come and you know you know try to come in your mind and speak to you. But their speech did not comfort Job but instead made him embittered. It made him confused and made him self-righteous. Any speech that makes you embittered, self-righteous and or confused is not of God. &gt;&gt; Job had almost lost his identity of who he is. And you know he was singing through a glass darkly after hearing all these speakers. Someone else had to speak friends even so more clearly to discern Job's heart and you know to remind Job of his true origin. &gt;&gt; Praise God. In the message, show us the father. It's a feist. Brother Bam says, "But notice when a man is hungering and thirsting for God, God will bring draw near to that man always. &gt;&gt; Give up. Surrender your will to God." Then when his church members came and could not consult him, they accused him to being a sacred sin and said he would sin before God. Job knew he had not sinned. Job knew he knew he was all right. But then God sent a young man down by the name of Elu. &gt;&gt; You know my last my my my my my fourth child is called Elu. And when God gave me this and this will shock some of you. When God gave me this child, you know, he spoke to me. He said that I'll come to this church and I will speak on this subject after all have spoken. And that's many years ago. And so this boy came and his name was Elu. Came down to meet Job and perfect type of Christ again. And brother Bham calls Jo a perfect type of Christ. And in another place he says that he was a messenger of God. He didn't accuse Job of being a secret sinner. He tried to tell him of someone who would come and stand in the bridge in the last days to put his hands upon a sinful man and upon a holy God and to bridge the way. This was the message of Elu. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now let's look at Eloo for just a moment. Now Elu had waited till Job had spoken because they were elder than he. Eloo was just a young man. Amen. When Eloo saw that there was no answer in the mouth of these three men. When his wrath was then his wrath was kindled. Amen. Be behold I waited for your words. I gave ear to your reasons while ye searched out what to say. Yeah, this is El speaking. I attended unto you and behold there was none of you that convinced Job. And the word there convinced in Hebrew is is yakash which means to prove which means to convict. What all these other people spoke did not convict Job. Amen. All that answered his words and he says now he has not directed his words against me neither will I answer him with your speeches. Now he says I'm going to answer you Elu but I'm not going to rather Job but I'm not going to answer Job with using the speeches of of these other three people the friends of Job but I'm going he says they were amazed they answered no more they left off speaking behold my belly is as wine which has no vent it is ready to bust like new bottles. This is Elu describing himself. I will speak that I may be refreshed. I will open my lips and I will answer. Now when you see what all the others spoke, if you read the book of Job and you really read closely to see what all the others spoke, they were speaking presumption. They didn't know what they were talking about. They were just presuming everything. They they did not have uh a thus sayeth the Lord. But when came down, he was not speaking presumptuously. He knew what he was talking about. Amen. Have we not got a man of God in our generation who knows what he's talking about? &gt;&gt; I've had people who say that uh you know brother Bham went and uh you know plized you know so and so's work and so and so's work and that's that's why I left the message. They don't understand friends that brother Bham actually himself says that he read all these works and he was always there when everybody was speaking but when he started to speak he said I am using none of your works. &gt;&gt; Why? Because he knew he had a thus sayeth the Lord. &gt;&gt; Praise God. He says in my belly is as wine. Amen. Is as wine. And it was words was more than just his opinions. They were not just educated guesses. &gt;&gt; His words had the power. It had the strength. It had the intensity to pierce through the heart of Job and cause an answer &gt;&gt; that reproved him and convicted his heart. &gt;&gt; Remember when you came to the message, why are you here? You were convicted. &gt;&gt; You heard something that convinced and convicted you. &gt;&gt; Praise God. This was more than just a man. It was Christ in a man. Amen. It was God reaching out to Job after all had spoken. These words came out of the abundance of revelation given to Elwood. It is sure you know caused it must have caused that stimulation of revelation. You know as Job said that you know my Bailey is bubbling up as wine. You know Job was speak was speaking out of the abundance of the revelation that he had within him. It was more than words. It was the word of God. It was God himself. I don't know whether you see where I am going. In Job 33 1, it says, "Wherefore Job, I pray thee, hear my speeches." Now this is Elu speaking. Hear my speeches and hecken to all my words. Behold, now I have opened my mouth, and my tongue has spoken in my mouth. My word shall be of the uprightness of my heart, and my lips shall utter knowledge clearly. Amen. Clearly, not darkly, but clearly. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The spirit of God has made me, and the breath of the Almighty has given me life. And if thou canst answer me, set thy words in order before me. Stand up. I love the way Elu was speaking with authority. Stand up. Behold, I am according uh to thy wish in God is stead. I'm also formed out of the clay. When a spoke, this is what Job had. And I pinned down a few words here. Listen, this is what Job heard. And if you ever heard anything like that, you of your generation spoke, you say amen to those words. &gt;&gt; This is what Job had. He had come on elect. He said, "Stand up." Say, "Come on, elect of God. Stand up and leave the ash heap." &gt;&gt; Weep no more, for the lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed. Amen. Beautiful ashes and the oil of joyful morning. The garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness. You are a tree of righteousness. This is what Job had. This is what I heard when I heard this message of the hour. The planting of the Lord and the purpose is God is being glorified in you. Job, &gt;&gt; God is being glorified in me. &gt;&gt; And you also proceeded and said, "Suffer me a little. I will show thee that I have to speak." These words are very straight. I'll have to speak on God's behalf. I will fetch my knowledge from afar, and I will ascribe righteousness to my maker. For truly my words shall not be false. He that is perfect in knowledge is with thee. When El was speaking, he knew what he was talking about. &gt;&gt; It was something that he knew that he was speaking on God's behalf. He didn't miss his words when he said that. &gt;&gt; Amen. You remember the you might have heard this before in the message looking at the unseen. Brother Bham as he was speaking then just God comes and takes over. &gt;&gt; And then he begin speaking those words. You need to go and listen to that. It just is just so nice to hear. He says is he partating to you? He says I am the Lord that raised up Christ from the grave. I'm the one that sent the Holy Ghost. I'm the one that gave the promise. Brother Brham has nothing to do with this. He surrendered his life to me. I'm using his spirit. I'm talking through his lips. That's me. I'm the Lord. &gt;&gt; Now, if anybody wants to speak anything against Brother, he should know he's speaking against the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. El was speaking on behalf of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. It was not Elu speaking. It was God speaking to Job, reminding him who he truly is. Oh, the Oh, that one would hear me. Behold, my desire is that the Almighty would answer me and that my adversary had written a book. Now, this was Job's appeal, that all one would hear me. My desire is that the Almighty would answer me. Job had a desire for an answer. He had a desire within him for something other than what he had already heard. &gt;&gt; And that's what brother Bham prayed for in the everpresent water from the rock. He says, "We have not come and gathered under this hot uh hot roof today." Well, it's not a hot roof today here, but it says just to be seen. But we have come here because we love you. &gt;&gt; And you know, thank God if you have a place where you can worship the Lord. &gt;&gt; And let me tell you, Clo, just especially the young people here, you have a responsibility. &gt;&gt; God has placed you here not for nothing &gt;&gt; but for a purpose. &gt;&gt; You have to run with this message. &gt;&gt; And brother Bam says that uh you know, he's placed us on this hot roof today. And at that time they had a hot roof. We've been to places in Karamoja where people just sit under a tree, huge tree, maybe 500 people or so and you have to preach to them and or maybe places where you have no roof, you know, and but if you are given a great opportunity to be a part of a work that God is doing, he has a purpose. You have to run with what you have. It says we have come here because we love you. Because we are desiring to hear from you. You are our lover that we love and we desire to hear the words from thee. We are grateful for what we have already heard. It will long stay with us. Now give us the portion &gt;&gt; that you have for us today as we wait father on thee. Let me tell you this message. &gt;&gt; Help me Lord. &gt;&gt; This message did not stop with brother Brham. Amen. &gt;&gt; When brother Bham died, many people thought that the message was over. &gt;&gt; As we know that, oh God, there are many who actually left and others who waited for him to rise up again from the dead and when he never did, he walked away. And but there are those like brother Ed who caught the vision &gt;&gt; and realized that this is not just a man, &gt;&gt; is the message. And you know when brother Ed passes away and it breaks my heart that I was never able to meet him. But let me tell you friends I caught the vision. &gt;&gt; I knew that this is not about the man. &gt;&gt; Amen. We you here in Clo have to still run with this message. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's it's the you know God spoke yesterday but he must speak today also. God used others yesterday. But he must use others today also because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; What he did before, he will do today and he will do tomorrow. He never changes. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He has to give us our portion for this day. You know, in the message trial, he says, "I'm a stranger." &gt;&gt; And there's one time, friends, when I I was listening Some of you may not maybe believe this, but you are believers, you'll believe it. And you know, I I was in my room, by the way, the preaching of brother Ed increased my intestine love for the message to listen to brother Bham. And so one time I was in my little bedroom and on the table and I had my laptop and I was listening to brother Bham speaking and and I I had a problem. I had a stomach trouble and I I was confused. I didn't know what was going on in my life at the time and I was already a minister of the gospel at the time. I I was still young of course and little I'm still young now but I was very little then and then you know I started listening I listened from the beginning of the tape up to the end and at the end then by the banner begins you know to I love that's a special part of my of the service you know those discernments and I started listening to one by one and I somehow a strange faith came to me to believe that I would be called to and I I just was under expectation that I would be called True. And at that moment, you know, brother Bam called the first person. Ah, it's not me. Ah, it's not. But I kept on believing I'm the next. I'm the next. And then and then friends. He said, "Come here, sir." I said, "I'm the one." He said, "You are a minister." I knew that that was true. I was a minister. He said, "You have stomach trouble, friends." I I I just saw the shouting and you know, he he explained the cause of the trouble. And when I looked through my life, I realized it was the cause. And then he prayed. He said, "It's gone." And it was gone right away. &gt;&gt; Amen. I I tell you friends, we have a living message. It's not just a message of yesterday. It's a message of today also. Amen. Why? Because Elu, our prophet, messenger paves a way for God to come and speak the answer that our hearts are so yearning for. &gt;&gt; Amen. You know, brother Bam then in me trial. He says, "I'm a stranger. I'm only bearing record of what the Bible says to be the truth. If you notice, the angel of the Lord had come in the form of a man, had his back turned to the tent, and he told Abraham what Sarah was thinking." Jesus said it would be it would repeat. Now, if I have told you the truth, and this is my favorite portion of the sermons, he says, "If I've told you the truth, let God confirm that to be the truth. Let him reveal it. Then it's no secret we know. Then I I'll leave this afternoon with this verdict to make your to make in your own mind. Let God uh that made the promise. Not back in them days they were vindicated. Let the God that made the promise vindicate it today say the same. Some of you think in your heart, pray to God for your sickness or your affliction and see if God will reveal the secret of the heart. I challenge you to do it from one side to the other. Now, would I dare to do a thing like that if I wasn't standing exactly on what the scripture says? &gt;&gt; Doesn't he speak like El? &gt;&gt; He knew what he was talking about. &gt;&gt; So, I'm speaking on God's behalf. &gt;&gt; That's what he was saying. I want this court to see that it's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And he keeps his promise. And he promised that Jesus Christ would be revealed in the last days as a son of man. And then right after that begins to say, "A man sitting here whenever I begin hearing that friends, my heart begin to quiver. Suffering with hemorrhoids. I never seen you in my life. If that's right, raise up your hand. You believe me to give witness of the word of God? That's your wife sitting next to you. She's suffering also sits on her head. That's right. Raise up your hand. Do you believe God can tell me who you are? If you steal the word, the word knows the secret of the heart. And then he says, "You are Mr. and Mrs. Hunt." If that's right, raise up your hand. Why don't you believe? You know, here sits a man sitting right here, his head down, crying, praying for himself and also for his wife. she she isn't here. And you know, it carries on and on and on. And if I had a time, I would read you all that. It's just so beautiful to see, you know, God designing those people's hearts. But I will tell you what, it's the same thing that happened when El came to Job. It looked like El's heart was being discerned. And it's the same thing that happened to us when we heard the word. &gt;&gt; Elu spoke nothing but the word. He was a forerunner of the coming of the coming word. The spoken word is the original seed. How many love that message? Amen. It says brother Bam declared his mission. And he said my mission &gt;&gt; that I believe that God has called me for. I have to say some personal things today because that's what I I told you I would do and tell the world. My mission I believe to the earth is to forun the coming word &gt;&gt; and see the coming word which is Christ and Christ and Christ in him has the millennium and has everything right there because he is the word &gt;&gt; that's right &gt;&gt; after Elu came after Elu comes the word shows up and you know when El came, he spoke ordered. He spoke and you know, you can go and and study and and see and see the the the amount of words that Elu spoke to uh to both the other people that were speaking unto Elu as well um to Job as well. But you you you see then Job 38 now gives another words or other words from the Lord himself after Elu had spoken. And the Lord answered Job out of the whirlwind and said, you know, you notice that God did not come after builder had spoken. God did not come after, you know, one of these uh people had spoken. He waited it out until the messenger, the true witness had spoken and said, Who is that? Who is this that darkene counsel by words without knowledge? Guard up now thy loyans like a man. For I will demand of thee and answer thou me, where was thou when I laid the foundation of the of the earth? Declare if thou hast understanding. Amen. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Where was thou? Where was thou? Spiritual amnesia is a very good message. Brother Banam takes that and you know I'll try to see if I can take you through some of it. It says you have to be the same. We don't want to forget that all that he was, I'm identified with him. I'm identified with him. &gt;&gt; He is in me and I am in him. Every Christian that's a real genuine Christian was with him. When the morning stars sung together and the sons of God shouted for joy before there was a foundation of the world, we were identified in the immortal realms with God 10 million years before the world was ever formed. I was back there with him. If I if I got eternal life, I I I was there with him. I was identified with him. When a morning star son together and the sons of God shouted for joy, &gt;&gt; I was there, too. You were there. &gt;&gt; You were there. &gt;&gt; Amen. You were there. I was with you, Brother Tom. Amen. I was with you. Hallelujah. We were there with him. We were in his mind before the foundation of the world. I didn't just come from the blue. I didn't just appear from somewhere. I was in his mind. Amen. Hallelujah. And I've been spoken into existence by the spoken word in this generation. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And let me tell you, if the devil thinks that this is a joke, a let him wash us. &gt;&gt; This is the bride that cannot fall. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. We are here to be manifested &gt;&gt; in this last age to prove to the devil. Amen. That we came from God and we go back to God. &gt;&gt; Praise God. You know what? This all comes to view after a has come. &gt;&gt; Some of you that were in the denominations, you know, you never actually just always boggled down. You never knew who you are. But this message just brought your identity &gt;&gt; into full view. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now we know who we are. Now we know we are the bride of Jesus Christ. We are not some denomination you know lost somewhere. We know who we are, where we came from, where we are going and we are living as sons and daughters of the king. Let me it doesn't matter where you you you are from or where you you come from or where you live. You might live here in in Canada. I might live there in Uganda, but let me tell you, we all came from the same place and we are going to go back to the same place because we came from the mind of God. And you know what has brought us into manifestation? The word of the hour. &gt;&gt; Amen. He for the coming word. And he says, I was with him when he called Abraham at the age of 75 and his wife at the age of 65 and told him they were going to have a baby. I was with him when he took his hand upon that sayith the Lord. I'm going to have a baby. I stood with him. Every other Christian stood with him. I was with him when his temp temptations come. I was with him when he went up on the top of the mountain to offer up Isaac. I was with him when the ram appeared. &gt;&gt; I was with him when he went up. Amen. When he took Isaac to go and offer when it took Abraham to go and over Isaac. You know what? That that's quite a sin. And I always envision it in my mind and I try to apply to my life today. Abraham was a man of faith. But you see I was with him when that was happening. &gt;&gt; And as he goes, he has told nobody and they're all going and you know he's going up the mountain by faith following the promise and you know just believing that what God said in his word and he reached somewhere and and and told his servants stay with the donkeys. &gt;&gt; Stay with the donkeys. I and the lad are going up the mountain to worship. Not everybody can go to the mountain of worship. &gt;&gt; Let our worshippers arise, brother Ryan. God bless you. Amen. Let our worshippers arise. We are the worshippers in this day. &gt;&gt; Amen. And but you know there are many people who are going back or who are staying with the donkeys. Staying with the donkeys of religion and donkeys of indifference and donkeys of why I left the message and donkeys of that. I said let them stay with our donkeys. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm here on the mountain of revelation of the word to worship the Lord. Amen. No one can take this message away from me. Do you know why? Because it is my sacred trust. It has been entrusted to me and I'm going to leave it. I'm going to preach it. I'm going to leave it. I'm going to preach it. Why? Because I am a part of this revealed word of this day. &gt;&gt; Amen. I don't just believe the message. I'm a part of the message. So when someone says I left the message, it means they were never a part of it. &gt;&gt; They intellectually received it but they never a part of it. You cannot leave something that you are a part of. You cannot leave you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I was with Joseph when he was rejected by his brethren. I was with Jacob and you know brother Bam keeps on saying all that. Job had gotten a little spiritual amnesia because of his situation and listening to those not sent to speak. But after all had spoken, after all had spoken, then God sent Elu. A prophet of God vindicated to speak on God's behalf. I'll give you this testimony as I'm about to finish. friends. One time I uh as in the process of preaching to me, one brother told me because I told him, "Well, I'll go and ask the bishop when it came to water baptism." So, I went to ask the bishop and uh the bishop told me, "Do you have the prayer book?" Cuz I my question to him was, "Uh, bishop, is it true that someone must be immersed in water and in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, not father, son, and holy spirit?" And he said, "Do you have He said he said, "Do you have the prayer book?" How many know the prayer book? Oh, God bless you. Amen. He understands what I'm talking about. A prayer book is a a book with a bunch of creeds and dogmas &gt;&gt; that people live off from. I'm so glad that we are not living off of that. &gt;&gt; We have the body word of the son of man. And you know, he said, "Do you have a prayer book?" I said no. He said oh no my son you should have the prayer book. It has most of the pillars of our church. And then he sent for it. And so he read for me a portion which said um then they will take the child or the adult and baptize them either by immersion or by sprinkling and uh in the name of the father, son and holy spirit. So I came back excited not because the name is correct but because that they can also immerse even if it's just an option. So I came back and told uh the the preacher who was preaching to me. I told him look my bishop said I can also be baptized by imagine and he looked at me and he said do you think your bishop with his gowns can actually go down the water the and baptize you? He he offended me. I actually cried. I shed tears because I loved my bishop and what the bishop had spoken was like God speaking to me but I did not know that I was lost friends go I I had I was listening to those that were not sent to speak to me. &gt;&gt; Amen. But friends I I am an elect. &gt;&gt; Amen. You you know the devil might have buried some of us somewhere but he did not know that we were seed. You cannot bury seed forever. When you bury seed what happens? It has to grow. It has to come out. Amen. We're buried in denominations. But you know what? When we heard Elijah speak, good evening, friends. Good morning, friends. You know what? We heard a of our generation speaking. &gt;&gt; He was speaking on behalf of God. And Amen. And that rose up us out of that situation. And after all had spoken, God sent Elu, a prophet of God, a vindicated um you know, vindicated to speak on God's behalf. This reminds Job of his true identity in Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. This has God uh God has sent us also in our day a prophet. &gt;&gt; We all need not to say amen. We need to shout amen to that. &gt;&gt; God has sent us a prophet in our generation. &gt;&gt; And he has spoken to us everything concerning our life. Whenever we feed on this word, we find out that we are a part of him. &gt;&gt; Amen. We are we are the bride of his word. We are a part of him. You know, brother Bham says in the in the rising of the sun, he says she is him. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're not just believing something, a doctrine. This message is more than a doctrine. Amen. It's just something that reveals and unveils your identity. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; In Christ. After all have spoken, we can now finally say we have heard his voice &gt;&gt; and we have responded. &gt;&gt; We have responded. Turn to Ephesians 1. It's the last scripture I will read tonight. Blessed be the God verse three of the father and the father of our Lord Jesus Christ who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ according as he has chosen us &gt;&gt; in him. Oh my, I wish we can read verses four together. Amen. Can we have it on the screen and read it together please? This is powerful. Ephesians 1. Yeah, right over there. Let us read it together if if you can. Amen. As a declaration, verses four. According as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. Vers five, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will to the praise of the glory of his grace wherein he has made us accepted in the beloved. I would not be denied. Why? Because I've already been accepted in the beloved. This is what the message has unveiled for me. Now I know who I am. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Pastor Tom, I came to inform the people. Amen. Because of this message, now I know who I am. &gt;&gt; Amen. Don't mind my shouting. It's because now I realize who I am. Imagine if you were told you are poor. You You have no heritage. You came from nowhere. And then all all of the sudden you realize you're a son of the king. Hallelujah. Now I know who I am. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. I was in him before my problems. I will be in him after all my problems. &gt;&gt; My troubles in this world do not define me. &gt;&gt; The word declares who I am and this is my identity. &gt;&gt; Amen. Through it all, I have learned to know it is all working for my good. &gt;&gt; Amen. No, the devil will not take any credit. &gt;&gt; Amen. Can you say that in your heart? The devil will not take any credit. Sometimes you like giving the devil credit to what is happening in our life. Excuse me. &gt;&gt; We should not give the devil any credit. &gt;&gt; If you're going through a bad time, don't give the devil any credit. Whatever is happening is happening for your good. I will praise God for everything in my life. Amen. I'll praise him for my success and I'll praise him for my failures too. I'll praise him in my health and I will also praise him in my sickness too. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'll praise him, Amen, for the strength that he has given me. But also I'll praise him for the weaknesses. Amen. I'll praise him in good times. &gt;&gt; And I'll praise him in what? &gt;&gt; In bad times. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'll praise him when I can figure it out. How many of you have something you can't figure out? But I also praise him when I have something I can't figure out. Amen. When things are hard, you know the devil always likes speaking. And many of you, you open your ears to the devil, he speaks to you, this, he speaks. So, I will not even go to church. I won't even go to church. I will not, you know why? Because the devil has spoken to you. &gt;&gt; There are many people who are supposed to even be here this Sunday morning. They didn't show up. Why? Because they listened to the devil. &gt;&gt; But let me tell you, you are here because you did not listen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let them speak. But after all are spoken, remember God also has spoken to you in this generation with a word unfailing word. &gt;&gt; Amen. When things are hard, the devil likes speaking when we lose, you know, people that we love so dear. I know many have spoken and brother Ed was a mentor to so many but to me brother Victor may come close to understand that but you know not when you are going to get anything from the person as in material but is somebody that helped me to find my identity. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It redefined what my ambitions were. I wanted to be a bishop and then I realized there's something better. &gt;&gt; I'm a son of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; And I tell you what, church, you here at Clovar are not the ones, the only ones that have lost when you lost Brother Bisca. We too I represent very many, many of them. You'll never get to know them. But I tell you what, when we lose a mental father and brother Tim preached a masterpiece, we listen to it. Spiritual guide, the devil at that time likes to speak. But as I was studying and as I'm approaching to just finish, I just felt the Holy Spirit move on on my heart and I started writing these words that I'm going to read to you now. I I speak unto you today after all the voices, after all have spoken, remember God has sent an Elhu to us in this generation with a message of shalom. &gt;&gt; An elu, a prophet that God sent to fulfill Malachi 4. This is a message that has showed us our identity. And I want to finish like this friends. God help me. This I know was the vision of brother Biscar. When brother Tom came to Uganda, Brother Michael and they they saw those ministers, you know, showing transcripts of books that they had handwritten. And I was just seated on the side and I watched Brother Mike. I watched brother Tom. It it was like brother Biscal was seated right before me there. You could see their heart going out to that. Why you think? Because of the voice because of this message. What is it? It is a word from our elu. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Of our generation. And it is our vision. When I say our, I mean the bride's vision, &gt;&gt; to send it out. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And you know, I've made it a business of mine. When I came when I found this message, I decided to forget everything. There many things I could do. I have many talents in my life. But friends, I decided to make this my job. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; To send the message out. And every day sometimes the devil comes and he speaks. He says give up. When especially things become tough. But when you look around you and you see how many lives are changed just by giving out this message. You know brother Michael preached that the message has a life of its own. &gt;&gt; We you know we don't need to help the message. You need to take the message and send it out. &gt;&gt; God has his own way of making sure that it finds that last one. And I I've always known, but when brother Michael took me around and I was able to see tapes and tapes and tapes and you know some deaths back Yes. I felt miserable. I felt like, oh God, what have I done in my generation? I've felt like I've done nothing. I felt like I've done nothing and I'm I'm going to leave CloDal Pastor Tom and go back to Uganda with a deeper vision and a deeper burden. &gt;&gt; I have to do it in my generation. I have to do something. But then I ask you as an individual, what are you going to do? &gt;&gt; What are we going to do? &gt;&gt; It is too late. Always remember, for thus sayaith the word, your latter end will be better than your beginning. That's how it was for Job &gt;&gt; and that's how it will be for us. &gt;&gt; God bless you. Hallelujah. Well, that was our Uganda week. Started last Sunday, Wednesday, and now Sunday. What can we do? What can we do? Well, we have a lot to do and doors are been opening for us and especially for uh the saints and the need and the burden and the cry. Look what the word has done in Uganda. Isn't that amazing to see? &gt;&gt; To God be the glory. &gt;&gt; It's not just in America. Brother Bra said, "America's burned over. &gt;&gt; You're just gleaning from here and you're gleaning from there." And and and and then you see what the the burden of the people are in in different areas within the Congo. I want to say to the Lord, I I just want to do my part at the end and closing of time. At the end and closing of time, can we help to see this gospel go to the ends of the earth circle back around into the Iraq people into Morocco and into Egypt and continue to support men of God such as Bazabosi, Brother Steven Ibali, Brother Freddy and the brothers that will carry this message throughout Uganda, saints in the Congo have I I I my mind has reeled really reeled over this last little while and I've been in the Congo three or four times and to see what God has done from nothing to make it what it is. It is not the works of man. It has always been the works of God. &gt;&gt; And that's why no man can raise up and say, "Well, look what I did." You know, at the end of the day, as I told you the other day, as I told you the other day, at the end of the day, when you've done all that you could do, it looks like you did nothing. And all we want to do is to do everything we can for the gospel of Jesus Christ. And we are by the grace of God as a church, we will continue with the radio broadcasts that are in in Uganda. We will continue that. Brother Michael could possibly be going over very soon setting up brother Fred. We're going over for youth camps for uh for brother Steve, brother Steven. And we're just going to do our part. We'll do our part and I know you'll do your part. And like I said, your prayers have meant so much to me and your giving has meant so much to to ourselves. And what the brothers and and everybody showed up the other night, 60 people for helping brother Darren. I was very proud, very proud of our people for that. I don't know what we can do. All I can All I know is that we have wonderful men of God. I look to the Lord for direction. If you feel to give towards missions this week, that would be fine. It will go towards missions in whatever capacity that we can send it forth. Brother Buzzaboosezi, you've blessed my heart. You've blessed my heart. I I was I was pretty much there when dad took your one of your first little texts and he turned to me. He says, "Well, we have a we have a couple of AAA's in our church." He says, "I think we got a quadruple A." And do you know what that means? A trip AAA. It's a battery. Some are A's, some are B's. You're quadruple. And so we've been blessed for that. And mama, I know you're here. I'm sure it thrills your heart. You've been wanting to see Brother Ed for so many years, and I'm sorry it failed to do that. But this meant more to me than anything, Brother Bus. You came because you have a love for the word, love for the church, and respect to the assembly. And God bless you for that. Well, God bless you. I trust you've been blessed. &gt;&gt; I bless you've been blessed. The word has gone over these many years. And if it's producing this kind of caliber, I think we should have a few people shout to the hilltops, "Praise be to God." This same message produces it around the world. Do you know what kind of peace that gives? It's not a brother Joe, you came out of the Hutterite community. Tell me how many Hutterite communities agreed with each other. Probably about zero, right? Whether you go, doesn't matter what community, but the bride is exactly the same. &gt;&gt; Stepping to the same beat &gt;&gt; of the gospel of Jesus Christ. And for that, I am thrilled. Now just play this very soft. &gt;&gt; Sitting in this assembly is heaven. I started to think, brother Bus, you're here all the way from Uganda. Sitting beside you is a man of God all the way from China. And sitting beside him is a man from Canada. So I just started to list and if I miss your country, please forgive me, but there are Canadians here. Why don't you stand? There are Americans here. Why don't you stand from Germany? stand from Zimbabwe, from Congo, from El Salvador, from Kenya, from Rwanda, from Mexico, from Cameroon, from the Philippines, from Chinese, China, from Spanish, from France, from com Colombia, Serbia, Russian, Usuzbck, Nigerian, Ian, South African, Taiwan, England, Polish, Belgian, Indian, Ghana, Kenya, Uganda. Did I Did I miss anybody? Just wave your hand. Cameroon, I got Oh, Dominique stand. Anybody else? &gt;&gt; Iran, stand. Anybody else? Did we miss &gt;&gt; Batswana stand? Anybody else? I got to write that down. Where? Shout it out. Now look around here. Look around this room. That is the taste of heaven. &gt;&gt; Why don't you give one another a hand? Some from every nation will be there. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Oh, heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Why don't you give yourself a warm clap when brother Random talked about he said when brother Neville was coming up he said brother Neville why don't you come on up Brother man, brother Brandham, you know, he didn't stand there. He says, "There goes Brother Neville. Brother Neville made it. Brother Neville made it. Brother Neville made it." He said, "Oh, I was so excited when I saw you, Darren, walk down those." I'm going to say, "Taran made it. Roxan made it." Come on. We can say one another, "Tim, you made it. It's worth it all. We made it. Amen. We're not going to stand there like, "What's going on?" The angels step aside. We're the redeemed. We're the blood wash. Were the purchase of God and we are going in. &gt;&gt; It's prophesied. I saw you there. &gt;&gt; He saw you there. He says, "You're not going to, oh, I hope I made it." He said, "You have already made it, precious. You've already made it. You will dance. You'll shout. You'll glorify God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I couldn't be with the most blessed people. God put you here for me. I've needed you to be a part of my body. We've needed one another. We did say, "Well, I'd rather be so and so." Well, God put you here. And you can be so carnal to say, "No, I just came here because I wanted to be here." Every decision we make, everything's planned by God. All things work to the good to them that love God. Brother Buzzabosi, you've made us proud. God bless you, my friend. Thank you for coming and making this day such a special day and feeling your heart over the next while you want to give for the work of God to go out in the distant lands. We have a missions for it. We're going to follow through for when a man of God started this church in and we're not stopping now. Why don't we bow our heads? Father strangely moved. Always have been strangely moved. We don't know Lord where our next breath comes from. But may we use that breath for the glory of God some way somehow. Days are passing quickly. Time is wrapping up. You're sending your ambassadors from around the world to stand behind our pulpit. We don't take it lightly, Lord. Brother Bruss's desire for many years has to been here in Cloverdale. And now you fulfilled the very desire of his heart. Scripture declares that I will grant to you the desire of your heart. Would you bless him? He's done much for the kingdom already. Lord, renew his vision, vigor, desire. He puts and coalates those message books to go around Uganda. Has influenced various areas. I pray God that he would cry with a loud voice himself. This glorious message is true. go with each and every one of us, Lord. It's been a strange week, but it's a week that we've dedicated to you. And pray, Lord, that our burdens and our hearts cry was to see this message go forth. Bless your people as they will give. And maybe not today, but maybe tomorrow. Many have asked, "What do we do?" I pray God you'll grant to them the direction that's needed as we commit the service to you in Jesus name. In Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Well, we've been called to fight. We've been called to fight. And I believe I'm going to fight for every one of our young people here. I'm not going to let the devil have you. Jordan, I'm sorry. You might as well just give you up your hands and say, "I surrender. I'm the Lord's." Joel's army is marching and she's going in victory and we're not giving up. Jo comes in you storm. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I'm star crazy. to be free. Hallelujah. Well, remember next Sunday 4:30 is communion. I invite each and every one of you born again, filled with the Holy Ghost, baptized in Jesus Christ name. You're more than welcome to attend. We'll have our morning service as usual. 4:30 will be our evening service. It'll be communion. So, God bless you. Pray for us. Pray for Brother Bus. He's going to Toronto now to preach. Amen. We'll be praying for you, Brother Bus. And we'll stay in touch as you journey home. We love you much. Till we meet again. Can we sing an old song that I used to sing? Till we meet again. Till we meet. Greet one another. You're dismissed. Still heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat.
