################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-17 - 25-0917E The Narrow Way Pt 2 || Bro Busobozi Talemwa - Busobozi Talemwa - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-17
Title:   25-0917E The Narrow Way Pt 2 || Bro Busobozi Talemwa
Speaker: Busobozi Talemwa
Church:  Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRNYWWkqjas
========================================

Hold my eyes. You are [Music] now my strength, my shield. To you alone. May my spirit [Music] You are my eyes. I Lord toship you. [Music] You are Lord. are my strength, my shield. To you alone [Music] may spirit you. You are my heart. I long to [Music] worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my all together. [Music] All together worthy. All together one. Here I am. Here I am toship you. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say I my Lord. Oh together I love you. Oh thy for our wonder [Music] to the Lord this evening. Speak to him this moment. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. Oh, there is power in the name of Jesus. [Music] There is power in the name of Jesus. [Music] There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. Oh. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. There is power. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power. There is power in the name of Jesus. [Music] And there is power in the name of Jesus [Music] to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. As our pastor come this day to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. Oh, there's an army [Music] rising now. There's an army. There's an army [Music] rising up. There's an army. There's another rise enough to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. Oh. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. There is power. There is power in the name of Jesus. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. Oh, to break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. There's a bride rise now. There's a bride rise now. Say I am the bride. I am the bride. Who's riseing now? Oh, to break every chain. Oh, to break every chain. To break every chain. Oh, to break every chain. Oh, to break every chain. To break every chain. There's an anointing. Here's an anointing riseing now. There's an anointing. There's an anointing rising up. There's anointing. There's anointing rise up. Oh. To break every chain. Oh. To break every chain. To break every chain. Oh. to break every chain, every sickness, every doubt. Oh, to break every chain. Oh, to break every chain. To break every chain. &gt;&gt; Oh, I hear the chains falling. I hear the chains. I hear the chain for the Oh, I hear the ch. I hear the che. [Music] Oh, I hear the ch. I hear the ch. Oh, by the meion of his name. I hear the ch. [Music] Oh, I hear the challen. Oh, challen. Oh, I hear the chains fully. I hear my chase holding. &gt;&gt; There is power in the name of Jesus. [Music] There is power [Music] in the name of Jesus &gt;&gt; to break every chain. To break every chain to break every chain. To break every chain to break every chain. To break every break every chain of break to break every chain break to break every to every chain of the enemy &gt;&gt; to break every chain. &gt;&gt; There's enough power to break every in the name of Jesus to break every chain. Oh, that's why we are here tonight. There is power. &gt;&gt; Oh, in the name of Jesus. &gt;&gt; Sing it now. &gt;&gt; There is power in the name of Jesus. Sing again. There is power in the name of Jesus to break every chain. &gt;&gt; Break every chain. To break every chain to break every chain every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. To break every chain. There's a bride. She's rising up. There's a bride tonight. &gt;&gt; There's a bright rising up. Oh, come on everybody, sing it now. There's a bright Jesus. Rising up. to break every chain. To break every chain, to break every chain. Hallelujah. To break every chain. Every to break every chain. To break every chain. Every break every chain. Every chain. Break every chain. &gt;&gt; To break every chain. to break every chain. &gt;&gt; Oh, we worship you, Jesus. You're worthy of our praise, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. We praise you in the highest place. For you are the great I pray. [Music] We bless you. [Music] High above [Applause] all else tonight, Lord. All else we come to you and we come to you &gt;&gt; to worship at your feet. I wonder if everybody can really mean it for just a few moments. Let us worship the Lord with all our hearts. Just leave all the religious think of it and just put in your heart and just worship him. Tell him, "We bless you in the highest place." Oh, hallelujah. For you [Music] are the great I praise. [Music] We bless you. [Music] in the [Music] highest [Music] place. [Music] And we come to you to worship at your feet. To you we come Lord and we come to you. to worship at your feet. Tell him one more time. When we come to you and we come to you &gt;&gt; to your feet. You are my refuge. You're my sanitary when I feel afraid. [Music] You are my hiding place. You are my refuge. [Music] When the storms are raging underneath your wings, dear Lord, I rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. [Music] You are my refuge. [Music] You're my sanctuary [Music] underneath your wings. When I feel afraid, Lord, you're my hiding place. You are my refuge. [Music] When the storms are raging underneath your wings, every day I'll rejoice and sing. You are my refuge. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Loving Jesus, &gt;&gt; how we love you tonight. You are our refuge, Lord. When the storms are raging, &gt;&gt; Lord, we don't have anywhere else to come, but to you the rock of ages. To you, the one that promised that you are our city of refuge. You said in your word, come unto me, all ye that are heavy lad, I will give you rest. Lord, you are our hiding place. Lord, you are our refuge. We come to you this evening, desiring Lord that we may have a touch, a touch from the Savior, a touch from our redeemer. Oh Lord, may you come and meet us at our appointment. grant it Lord. And I pray that oh God the preaching of the word this evening you will come and Lord minister to us. Convict us oh God. Bring us oh God in your presence that we might be able to grow in the stretch of a perfect. [Music] You are faithful and true. &gt;&gt; Close your eyes and sing it with me. Everything that you are saying, &gt;&gt; you will do. Do you believe that? &gt;&gt; Every morning you're merc. My redeemer, you are faithful and true. I feel like singing one more time. My redeemer, you are faithful and true. Everything, everything that you have said, you will do. Tell him every morning, &gt;&gt; every morning your mercies are [Music] [Applause] hallelujah, my redeemer. You are faithful and true. Do you want to sing it one more time? Everybody join me now. My redeemer, you're faithful and true. Tell him everything you have said. Everything that you have said you will do. Every morning every [Music] my redeemer. You are faithful and true every morning. Every morning your mercy on you, [Applause] my redeemer. You are faithful and true. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you church. Let us turn to our Bible to the book of Matthew [Music] verse seven. We read this on Sunday. I'm just going to read it for perhaps the people who did not follow on Sunday. Chapter 7 vers 13 &gt;&gt; and 14. &gt;&gt; Enter ye in at the straight gate. For wide is the gate, and broad is the way that leadth to destruction, and many there be which go in there. Because straight is the gate, and narrow is the way which leadth unto life, and few there be that find it. [Music] Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Many of our students are back to school now. And uh I was you know this this um this evening this this evening I was just texting I received a text from brother polyup telling me I can't wait for the service I can't wait for the service I know he's praise God amen to Brother Brian. &gt;&gt; So this evening I just want to speak on the narrow way. I I we spoke on this on Sunday and um I promised that I would finish it today. But let's see how the Holy Spirit would inspire us if we finishing it. I'm not too sure. The narrow way is the is the subject. This scripture here is very significant because it was given to us by our Lord as he was warning us of the false prophets in sheep's clothing. Our enemy is not the one that is without. But our enemy is the one that is within. The enemy of the church is not coming. The enemy of the church is here. And if you read the church age book, you understand that brother Bham spoke about the two seeds. Um in some places he calls them the two vines, other places he calls them the um uh the two spirits. And then he says that this is within the framework [Music] of the of the Christian church talking about the false vine and the true vine. And so then somewhere else in the church age book, brother Bam now begins to ex explain how a believer can be able to overcome. And he says that a believer will only be able to overcome If she can be able by the spirit of God to discern the the the right spirit from the wrong the wrong spirit and um he he said that if she can be able to discern the true church and the false church. He then says that she will be invisible before the devil. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Let me just get this for you. I did not plan to read it, but uh it just came to me as I'm just starting right now. Listen. He says um he knows this is the revelation of Jesus Christ. He says he cannot the devil cannot stand revelation of the true church. And please if you can follow me please because we usually have a very little time on Wednesday but you know he cannot stand revelation the the revelation of the true revelation of the true church and what she is and what she stands for and that she can do the greater works. And then he says um let me go back a little bit and he says uh that this book of revelation reveals and exposes Satan reveals his attempted destruction of God's people. The devil has always wanted to discredit God's people. [Music] Always. By the way, the spirit that would discredit God's people is a spirit of Satan. But the spirit of Christ will never discredit a brother. A spirit of Christ will always lift up a brother. Will always bless and not curse. Praise God. Amen. Even when that brother you think is wrong, even when that brother you think has gone astray, if you have the spirit of Christ in you, you have the love for that brother and you want to lift him up and you want to bless him and not curse. But the spirit of Satan will has always been desiring to destroy God's people to discredit the word of God. You see, you see, he cannot stand it, he knows that. And then let me go down now. If they get the people, the believers, the true believers, if they get a true revelation of two spirits within the framework of the Christian church, our enemy is not coming. Our enemy is within. And this is right at the beginning of the church age. I'll just show it to you. I hope you you'll be able to get it tonight. Praise God. And and and he says um if they get a true revelation of the two spirits within the framework of the Christian church [Music] and by God's spirit discern and withstand the antichrist spirit. So the antichrist spirit is not coming. is already within the framework of the Christian church. So a true believer should have the discernment and know the wrong spirit from the right one. You cannot know only by discernment. By godly spirit discern, not only discern but withstand the antichrist spirit. So there is a spirit which is against Christ and Bam said anything that is anti-word is antichrist and that spirit is within the framework of Christianity. He says if the true church can be able to discern it satan will be powerless before her. Yes. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the Lord. And so when you talk about the narrow way, the narrow way is the way of those that have discerned the spirit of the antichrist. They have known the antichrist. They have discerned it. They have found it out and have been able by God's grace to withstand it and they walking in the narrow way. But the broad way, the big way, the Bible says many find it. It seems be it seems right. That's why many find it. And and and you know, many walk there again. But we know the ends thereof is the ways of. Then he says, "Straight is the gate and narrow is the way which leadth unto life and few there are be that find it." And the prophet preached a sermon one in a million. Not all claim to be Christians are going in the rapture. Not who claim all who claim to be the bride are going in the rapture. It's only one in a million. They are the ones walking in a narrow way. They are the ones who have designed the wrong spirit and they are walking in the narrow path. I believe I am one of them. You are one of them tonight. Amen. And now I wanted to show you that Jude Jude actually Jude exposes and I I I try to give you a a summary on Sunday. [Music] how Jude was one of the people that did not believe in Jesus as such as when he was alive. Most of the natural brothers of Jesus did not. But you see after his ascension of course death, resurrection and ascension they now believed on him. and and Jude, if you see when Jude begins to write, he's defending the Lord. And um his words are very powerful. He was about false teachers. He was talking against antichrist spirit. He was talking against the broad way or the big way or the wide way. And he was pointing people to the narrow way. May God help us to walk in a narrow way. Right at the beginning here in Jude, Jude begins to say these words uh in verses three, &gt;&gt; beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you and exalt you that you should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints. contend for the faith. But is are people contending for the faith anymore? People are no longer contending for the faith. They contending for other things like religion, their groups, their denominations, their ideas, but not the faith. But Jud is saying content for the faith. Amen. Which was once delivered unto the saints. For there are certain men crept in unawares. Now Jude begins to unveil the antichrist spirit and he says there are men. They are not out there. They are not out there but they are among us. And he says these are certain men who cropped in unawares who were before of old ordained to this condemnation and godly men turning the grace of God into lasciviousness and denying the only Lord God and our Lord Jesus Christ. Now Jude goes ahead and he explains and he gives us three examples which we can now use to be able to know who those men are. He gives he gave us three examples from the Old Testament which we in the New Testament can also use to be able to know who are. Praise God. And and if you want to look at it, you can go to vers 8. Okay? He gives us those three examples 8 to 13. Let us try to read. Likewise also these filthy dreamers, defile the flesh, despising dominion, and speak evil of dignities. Verse n. Amen. &gt;&gt; Yet Michael the archangel when contending with the devil, he disputed about the body of Moses dust not bring against him a railing accusation, but said, "The Lord rebuke thee. But now verse 10 says, "But these men, these evil of those things which they know not, but what they know naturally as brute beasts, in those things they corrupt themselves, [Music] war unto them, for they have gone in the way of Cain, and ran greedly after the era of Balam. for the reward and perish in the gain sayings of Kora. Right there are your three examples. You see, as I told you on Wednesday or on Sunday, the whole book of Jude warns us about these false teachers and ungodly men who creep into the church, turning the grace of God into sin. denying the Lord. You see verses 10 and 11 as we have read it because it compares them to the Old Testament examples and on Sunday we extensively looked at the first one being Cain because he said war unto them for they have gone in the way of Cain. So the way of Cain, are you following me? Church represents false worship. Coming to God with your own idea instead of God's revealed idea or sacrifice. Those who go by the way of Cain, they choose their own idea which is their own religion without revelation. I want you to understand what religion is. Religion is your idea that is uh is without revelation of the word. That is religion. And it doesn't matter what you claim to believe. As long as it is not the revelation of the word, you are just having a religion. But this message come to deliver us from the religion. Amen. Out of religion. He said come out of her people. Amen. Be not partakers of our sin. We are joined with what? with Christ by religion, by not religion but by revelation. You know what were you baptized into? You were not baptized into this church. You are not a member physical member of this church by water baptism but you are baptized into the body. The Bible says by one spirit by one spirit. Where is the body of Christ? Where is the church? We are talking about is the one we call the church triumphant. We here in DVF are just a little representation of that body. You know talks calls it the mystical body. It is all over the world. And you know we we all are born into that. We don't join the body by a handshake by water baptism by all these other things as much as they are all good. We we are born into the body by a birth holy ghost baptism. When you receive the word and you're born again then you become a member of that body. Amen. And you know there are many members of that group and they all over the world. We are just a little piece of them. We are not the whole body but we are the real body. We together with all of them are the body of Christ on earth. So when when when we are having victory here it is the body of Christ having victory. When our brothers in another church who are the body of Christ are having victory, amen, we are having victory. Their victory is our victory. Our victory is their victory. And brother Bham said elect cannot persecute elect. Amen. Praise God. But you see the way of Cain will never go by revelation. Amen. The way of Kane will always go by religion. God, receive me the way I am according to what I believe. Accept my way of worship. Accept my way even if it's not exactly what you desire. Receive me the way I am. That's the way of Cain. [Music] No revelation, no blood sacrifice, you know, but the bride You know she has revelation. She's okay to to be made by the blood. Amen. We are happy to get soaked in the water. Let me tell you brothers and sisters, the bride loves the word. If you want to know who the bride is, you will know them by how they love the world. Amen. Peter spoke unto him and he said to whom shall we go who has the words of a power? We are not staying because of miracles. We are not staying because of signs and wonders. We are not saying yeah we know you made them. You made a fish and we loved it. But for us we are staying here not because of those miracles. When the miracles have dried up, we are staying here because of the revelation that we have of the word. And you know what? The revelation of the word. They now had to understand. It was not something they had got. It was something that they had received. It was a person. They were with him. To him he came among his own but they rejected him but was many received him. To them gave him power to become the son. Amen. And now we know he was the light. He came and shined in the darkness but the darkness loved the darkness more than the light. Jesus is the light of the world. And now he speaks to them and he says who do you think I am? And then they said by revelation you are Jesus the son of the living God. You know he asked them and he said who do you think I the son of man? The son of man is a human being. And they said okay as a human being they call you a prophet. And he said, "Okay, but what about you? Do you think I'm also a human being?" Peter was just right there. But something struck him. The same thing that struck. It was revelation. Amen. Oh, we love revelation. The bride overcomes by revelation. Brother, you need revelation. If you need to pray for anything, pray that God will give you revelation. Because if you do everything by revelation, you will understand. I mean, it's not about you. It's not about the brother. It's about what God has done in you and in your brother. Revelation. And Peter said, "For you are the son of the living God." &gt;&gt; Jesus looked at him. You didn't call me a son of man. You didn't call me a human being. You saw me as a human being. But you looked beyond the bad skin. You looked beyond the flesh and you saw me as God. Of course, son of cow is cow. Son of God is God. Son of man is man. But son of God is God. Hallelujah. Peter had received not from flesh and blood. And Jesus knew that Peter had heard from Ethiopia. And and Jesus said unto him, "Oh Peter, for flesh and blood has not revealed this, but my father in heaven, upon this rock, upon this revelation, I will build my church." So the church of Jesus is built upon revelation. Hallelujah. Amen. The revelation of who Jesus Christ is. And I told you when you receive the revelation of who Jesus Christ is, then you receive the revelation of who you are. If you have a revelation that Jesus is God, then you will understand. He had God put on flesh and he died like a man so that you a man will overcome as God. Hallelujah. Banam says this. He became you that you may become him. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; Christ is a mystery of God today. Amen. Do you believe that? You are the mystery of Christ. Amen. We are here not to reveal our frailty. That God has given us the revelation of the word that he may reveal our power, our strength, our omnipotence. That's the mystery which was hid from ages which was hid from generations but now it has been made manifest Christ in you the hope of glory you know in the message Christ is the myster of God revealed that is a three-fold purpose and the third one he said that he might have preeminence in the body of believers. When he's in you, he wants to have preeminence. You don't struggle with sin anymore. Because you see, if he's in you, he does the works. He lives the life. He overcome. He will change his body. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. But you see the narrow way of revelation. You know whenever I talk about revelation I become very excited. Amen. &gt;&gt; Because you see that's our victory. Remember the woman at the well how she was before she received the revelation. But you see as she was speaking to Jesus, you know, and and Jesus said, I that speaketh to you, I am he because he was talking about giving you the waters which when you drink them become thirsty again. And you know if you knew only the kind of waters I would give and as and as they converse that woman something sparked and and you know what she's threw her water picture down. You know when revelation strikes you throw down some some anger you had with you. When revelation strikes, you just receive love all of a sudden. I don't believe the love we have to love our brothers with is a human love. God knows that our human love is insufficient. That's why he has to give us divine love. Divine love comes by revelation. when it strikes you makes you love everybody. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And and it struck this woman. I want you to notice what she did. She threw a water picture. That is her old revelation. She came to this water source to to fetch water. This is what she knew. This is what she had done for years. But when the revelation struck her, She threw the old revelation. Hallelujah. She threw the old waters. She said, "I don't need this denomination anymore. I don't need this religion anymore. I am set free." Hallelujah. Amen. The waters I now have. Amen. I cannot carry them in this little be. I've received it all over my heart. flowing like a river. Let me go to the whole city and I will tell them, hallelujah, I have found a man that has told me everything that I've ever done. You know what? Something was bubbling in her mind. And that's how it is when someone receives revelation. Well, yeah, you might say, "Brother, sounds like the Holy Spirit. It sounds like the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Yes, that's true. Because you cannot receive the Holy Spirit without revelation. With a revelation, one day I remember I was walking with brothers on the road as we were moving. And we're talking about the Holy Spirit and how a man can receive the Holy Spirit. What happens when you receive the Holy Spirit? As we were talking, you know, I'm walking down. So you mean that the Holy Spirit is Christless. So how do you receive it? When you believe it and you believe the word, the full word, then you are entitled. Not no no no no no no not not it's not about you. You are entitled to receive the Holy Spirit. That's what the prophet say and said oh just like that. He said as simple as that. Even now as we are walking and you know as you know in just a second he became drunk right now. &gt;&gt; Amen. And started rejoicing and shouting speaking in just on the road. Brothers let me tell you this is real. The revelation when it strikes you cannot remain the same. &gt;&gt; Amen. Our our faith is not a religion. We don't just join church. We don't just do a ritual. We are not just members. We are more than members. We have to be born into a family by revelation. Spiritual revelation that comes from God. And when it strikes your heart, you will be like Abel. You'll be like Seth. You will worship the Lord. Praise God. And brother says that the word from the beginning God's plan was revealed by revelation. The very thing that he vindicated and punctuated that that was right. Not religion, not not the altar, not belonging to a church, not not the altar, not making a sacrifice, not being sincere. And I told you that someone can be sincere but sincerely wrong. but by revelation of the word. That was God's plan from the beginning. God always gives his word by spiritual revelation. That's why when you are hearing a preacher preach, you receive revelation. Now you know why we have a church service. Faith comes by. What is faith? said faith is everything. Amen. Now you know what faith is. He's not saying right feeling is a revelation which comes by hearing the word. Hallelujah. Amen. And it is in the spir of a moment then something is revealed. That's why you begin shouting and you say amen. That's what happened to sister right. And when brother was talking about the scripture and she said brother that's nothing but the truth said amen she said the right word by revelation and now by revelation also God came to brother ask her whatever she wants she will get. Brother said even if she had asked for $1 million in that moment she would get it whatever she would have asked for. Why? Because it was not by human ability. It was not by you know like praying praying hard. It was not by a worked up faith. It was by revelation because she had received the revelation. She said amen. And then brother Bham &gt;&gt; was moved by the Holy Ghost and by revelation also spoke to her ask whatsoever you want. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because the Holy Spirit knew what she wanted. Amen. And and you know she could not say anything let me tell you if I ask you by the flesh to ask whatever you you need and you by the flesh you ask what you need. nothing will happen. But if it's by revelation I ask you and you by revelation I assure you in that moment you cannot even you cannot even ask for what you thought you needed you remember later I asked for that one because revelation is not your mind not your thought is the thought of the Holy Ghost. Peter said you are Jesus the son of God. That was not his thought that came from above. Jesus said it has come from above. So even sister that came from above. He said I want the salvation of my body. He said you can have it. Oh brother, if revelation can strike us, we can create another world. If revelation can strike us now, we will forgive our enemies. If revelation can strike us now, we shall live in power as sons of God, daughters of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. But the problem with us these men they crept in and they tried to replace revelation with religion with altars with church sacrifice sincerity my church my religion my altar my pastor my sacrifice I have given too much I have given this I've given this off should do this for No, he does not look at any of those. When the angel of God comes, he's searching for one thing, revelation. And if you have it, Amen. then he's pleased. The Bible says without faith, without revelation, it is impossible to please God. So if you want to please God, just have revelation. Even what I'm preaching right now, don't receive it by the flesh. Please, you know, when a preacher is preaching, never hear things and filter them in your mind. That's why you can even do those because you are hearing in the flesh. Even a preacher should not preach in the flesh. You know, says that the demon has come over you. Have you ever seen a person the demon has come? They don't speak as them something. The demon is seated on them. They will speak and even swing and everybody will listen. Others who listen the ones who listen must listen in the same spirit. That is the same way it is in the spirit. We don't fight against flesh and blood. To understand the things of the spirit, you have to come out of flesh. Come out of blood. Amen. The word is preached by revelation. Amen. Get drunk in the spirit. Receive it by revelation. Receive it by revelation. And you see that's how then it is applied upon your life but Cain received it cannally and he refused revelation and that's why God never accepted and his sacrifice did not please God. Oh may God help us that we might always have revelation. You've always heard people say, "Oh, the pastor talked against me." That's because they heard the word in the flesh. You've always seen ministers who will change their sermon because of the situation. Hey preacher, preach by inspiration, not by situation. Amen. Then you can be sure you are preaching by revelation. May God have mercy on us. Now there's a lot we can talk about uh uh you know that first one the way of Cain but we talked about on Sunday. So let's also now talk about the way of Balam because the second one is said the error they go after the error of Balam for reward. Anyone who walks the way of Balam is not walking in the narrow way. He represents greed and compromise. A prophet who loved the reward and tried to curse Israel. Those who follow Balam are preachers who sell the word for money and popularity. In the book of Revelation chapter two, he speaks about them. And he says, "Because thou hast them that hold a doctrine of Balam, who taught Balac to cast a stumbling block before the children of Israel, to eat things sacrificed unto idols and to commit fornication." You know if a man or woman is having or under the influence of the spirit of balam they will do anything say anything for material gain you see balam when balac came and told him you remember on Sunday I gave you details of balam and balac And we saw that these people were really related to because they were Moabites. They were related to Abraham. Amen. And I wish I can go back into the details, but because of time I may not go there. But um you know this this man tried to do everything even when conscious was coming back to him. Remember the reward. You should never serve God for reward. The moment you do, you've gone into the way of battle. I'm not saying that God doesn't reward himself, but we don't suffer for reward. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now let me just try to read for you a little through in the PGA church age. If you're going to understand what a doctrine of balum is in the Old Testament church, we had better go back and see what it was in the Old Testament church and then we applied. Okay, they were the Pentecostals of their day is speaking of the Israelites. They had taken refuge under the blood. They had all been baptized in the Red Sea. And they came up out of the water singing in the spirit and dancing under the energy of the Holy Ghost. While Miriam the prophet has played hard tambber now. The the the Pentecostal bunch is coming led, you know, by by the by the spirit of God through their messenger. and they wanted to go through Moab. So, Israel came up to the borders of Moab and sent messengers to the king saying, "We are brothers." Remember I told you that these came from Lord, you know, from the from the union of Lord and daughters and and so they knew the truth, but they did not believe it. So we are brothers. Let us pass through your land. If if our people or our animals eat or drink anything, we will gladly pay for it. But King Balac got very excited. That head of that Nicolant bunch was not about to let the church come through with its signs and wonders and diverse manifestation of the Holy Ghost. with their faces shining with. Amen. It was too risky as he might lose some of his crowd. You know the Nicolantan bunch were the nonbelievers who did not believe in the Holy Ghost move and they were afraid of the people who were moving by and through the Holy Ghost. So Balac refused to let Israel pass through. In fact, great was his fear of them &gt;&gt; that he went on our hearing uh and hearing prophet called Balam and asked him to mediate between him and God and and petitioned the Almighty to cast Israel and to render them important. And and you can now see I told you as we were beginning how this first group always will want to kill destroy the right group. And Balam being eager to take part in political affairs and become a great man, he was only too glad to do so. But seeing that he had to approach he he had to approach to and receive an audience from God to get the people cast because he couldn't do it by himself. He went to ask God if he could have his permission to go. Isn't that just like the Nicolantes we have with us today? They curse everyone that won't go their way. God bless you DVF. They c everyone and won't come to DVF. They c everyone and go won't go to their group. Remember that's the Nicol. But I'm so glad that in this message we do not have a Nicolantan bunch. You remember brother Bam said that when they begin to denominate and then they say we are the right ones the others are wrong and then they begin to become indifferent. Say we believe this and this and this and this and this. Anyone who believes something beyond this is wrong. But the message of the hour, listen friends, the message of the hour has liberated us from that because that's a spirit of the antichrist. Because you see it is like to say that God has an end. There is no end to God's revelation. But also be careful not to call a brother who doesn't see the way you see and you call him Nicolant or because they do things different. That's a wrong attitude. We see people like sister um Priscilla and brother Aquilla. They came and met a man who was a great preacher of the word for years but he had this less revelation but they did not begin to tell him brother I mean this guy I don't know what was his name somebody remember me remind me yes thank you to say brothers oh you are a nicolon because the way you are teaching you and you know he was a mighty man He had taught many. No doubt he had many following him. But they who had further revelation did not call him a nickel. Did not call him a false. Did not call him a false brother. And what did they do? The Bible says they took him and unto themselves with love and instructed him in further revelation of the word. Elect cannot persecute El. The moment you have a negative attitude about another brother, oh just know this spirit is now attacking. You should always love one another. Love the brothers going to other churches. Love the ones going to this church. Love the ones you disagree with. Let me tell you the test of true Christianity is if you can bitterly disagree with somebody, disagree with them. Yes. But you still love them. Someone told me, "I thought you disagree with that brother's idea. I saw you with him. I said yes. What is wrong? I thought in other words like it is confusing. You don't always walk or fellowship with the ones you agree with. You agree with as much as you can. I always say this, agree with none, but agree with the word. But even then it is the revelation that you have of the word. And our revelation is not always the same. Even here in this church right now, we pick one subject. We sit around the table. We begin to talk about it. We are going to disagree. Some others will disagree. No, no, no. Pastor, it is like this. I did not know that pastor you believe like that. You know, we will disagree and that's okay because our revelation is not the same. But maturity is to understand that and to know I can defer on something with my brother. They are my brother. I love them because we are going to heaven together. Amen. &gt;&gt; And I'm not afraid of him and he's not afraid of me. I have a few more minutes. Let's continue here. When Balam asked God for permission to go, God turned him down. My that st but insisted promising him ever greater rewards than one. So Bam went to God. Now one answer from God should have been enough. But not for self-willed Balam. When God saw his perversity, he told him to get up and go. Quickly he sowed the donkey and away he went. He should have realized that this was his was simply God's permissive will. And he wouldn't be able to cast the them if he went and 20 times and tried 20 times. And people are like that. I don't care what God thinks. Brother, always care about what God thinks. Do things according to the conviction you have and according to the revelation that is given to you no I must side with my pastor I must side with my brother with my sister with my mother that's no revelation that's canality always side with the word always side with inspiration that you have received from God. Not, oh, they're giving me money here. And I said, brother, what do you think? Your heart tells you something else, but your mind tells you another because of the money. Okay. &gt;&gt; Yeah. But and then they begin to stammer. [Music] Because of the money that is balam the way of is very painful has been given something to do something wrong. Their mind tells them something. Their heart tells them something but their mind reminds them. You ate something. Speak according to what you ate. not according to what you believe. But God will respect you and honor you and bless you if you always do things according to your conviction, not what somebody else has done, promised you, I will make you big, I'll make you this, I'll make you that. That has helped me in my ministry. I don't care what anybody say. I do things by conviction and spiritual leadership. That's the only way to escape balam. I wish I had time to get into the the depth of it, but so let's just read a little more. I have about 10 minutes. Listen, it says um so see the doctrine of balam go ahead anyway. Do it your way. They say well God has blessed us. It must be all right. I know he has blessed you. I don't deny that. But it's the same organizational route that Balam took. Defiance to God's word for teaching. So Balam went wildly down the road until the angel of God stood in his way. But that prophet, that bishop, that chairman, that president, that general overseer &gt;&gt; was so blinded to spiritual things by the thought of horn and glory and money that he could not see the angel standing with a sword. There is two to block the mad prophet. I tell you they say man speaks and it is true and you you are saying it doesn't because you have not got a temptation I wish I had time I would give you some stories one time maybe I'll give you this one a man wrote me and you know and he says we want to come and support your ministry and all that I was in Ethiopia that and says money is not our problem we have God has blessed us with a lot I was like wow I'm a believer. Are you a believer? Yes. We are preaching the message of but as my custom is I I I had to make a research and find out about the brothers. I asked the brothers that come from the area. He said he come. Yeah. It is true. He has the money. He owns gold mine. It is true. like little gold mines and and so it is true. I said it is also true. &gt;&gt; He's a polygamist and he he preaches polygamy. I said I'll ask him. So I asked him I said brother what is your say on polygamy? says brother on that issue God has God is here to reveal to us more we are still praying for more resolution what is your opinion and and then I I I sent him a text brother marriage and divorce where he said you know go tell your children let them tell their children never to do it again if you know what I'm talking about? Go and read it. So, so I I sent it to him. He never responded to me again. But that's how I lost a lot of millions. And And that's not the only time. As a minister, you are going to be tempted, especially younger minister. Money, glory, power, you get it. and then you'll be known and fame and things. But you see that's the spirit of but the spirit of Christ will not stand with the organization. The spirit of Christ will stand with the world. Loves the word love with Christ because this is all about him. It's not about us. It's all about him. Not about our organization. not about our accomplishments. It's all about him. And that's the narrow way. Well, then the devil begins to tell you if you'd have accepted that, you would have, you know, not been suffering here. Yeah, you can suffer. And let me tell you, God's way is not easy. It's a narrow way. It's painful. It's the narrow way. It's a narrow way. It's not easy. Praise God. I've I've just been looking and in closing in closing. I've just been looking and hearing a few people every now and then from the fellowship here saying well well uh I would rather go to another church where they don't ask for building fund because yeah they don't ask there they don't ask some of times not not even that way but because they don't ask but have you Ask yourself what is God's way of of a of a a local church getting their own building. What is God's way? God's way is what we are doing. That is God's way. The people, the local people, support the local work as they supporting it. with their substance, little mega as it may be, then God will bless and prosper them in return. That's God's way. It's a narrow way. It's not easy. Let me tell you, there is no pastor maybe in the Pentecostals. I don't even think in the Pentecost who loves standing before the people telling them, "Oh, you need to give, you have this name, you need to give that Everyone wants to just come and preach about heaven [Music] and especially in the message you want to do that only don't talk about money but I don't talk about money I will not talk about money and then I will go to brother Steven and beg him to provide for you a building. Is that the way of God? The way of God is narrow, I'm using that to give you an example. The way of God is narrow. But it must be walked into by revelation. Hallelujah. And when you walk and do something by revelation, if you are sacrificed by revelation, if if you you know you do something by revelation, you worship by revelation. Whatever you do by revelation, then God stands behind. He's pleased and he blesses. For it is impossible for him to be pleased without revelation. But when he sees revelation, It is impossible for him not to be peace. And as you stand on your feet, here comes Abraham. And Abraham by revelation, he went to sacrifice a boy. And and you know the boy asked him, "Oh, we have firewood. We have where's the sacrifice?" By faith. He said, "God shall provide for him a sacrifice." That was revelation. That was faith. Amen. As the musicians can come and at that moment, &gt;&gt; you know what? He created the sacrifice. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Who created the sacrifice? &gt;&gt; Abraham did by faith. He said, "God shall do it." And but you see, he was doing what he was doing by faith, by revelation. I said, "I'm going to kill this boy." It was a hard thing for him. It was a narrow way, &gt;&gt; but right there, God blessed him. He said, "Abraham, you can't do that. Look on the side. He has a sacrifice. Do not kill your son, brother, sister. That's what we need to overcome. As I'm continuing with this subject, I'll get to the place where brother Bam was spoken to by the angel of the Lord by the Lord. And I told him because you've chosen an arrow path. They had a way. It's a correct decision. It is my way. What a glorious decision. [Music] You see friends, &gt;&gt; it's a glorious decision &gt;&gt; to not always go through the popular way but the narrow way. May God help us. All my life with truth every way. I need a change to walk in your way. [Music] Give me truth, [Music] mercy, and grace. Lord, the narrow way to walk every day. Give me truth, mercy, and love. [Music] Give me truth, mercy, and love [Music] so that I may dwell in your presence. Give me truth, mercy and love. Let me sing the first time one more time. Will hold my life with truth every way. Is it your prayer now? Oh, I need a change to walk in your way. Give me truth. Hallelujah. Mercy and grace, Lord. the narrow way to walk every day. We sing the chorus one more time. Give me truth. Oh, give me truth. Oh, mercy and love. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give me truth. Hallelujah. Oh mercy and life so that I may dwell in your praise. Give me truth. Hallelujah. Lord mercy. [Music] Let us pray. Father in the name of Jesus, I want to come before you Lord tonight to thank you for the grace that you have given to us to walk in this narrow way. We know we cannot do it on our own but help us Jesus to walk in this narrow way. Give us grace. Give us truth. Give us mercy. Give us love to walk in this way and help us to love one another to know Lord is not an easy road but this is the way the narrow way that we must walk as we overcome every day Lord in our lives. We must walk your way the way of your word. Bless my brothers and sisters. And Lord, as the we're going to dismiss tonight, I commit everybody into your hands. Lord, bless also the offering as we're going to give. Lord, bless every giver. Father, Lord, as we go today, may we go meditating on the things we are, we bless your name, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. Father Amram, if you could please come. God bless you. See you on Sunday. &gt;&gt; You can greet your neighbor and tell them God bless you. The song will lead us in a song or two as you give our offerings and then we shall dismiss [Music] Lord in the way. Thou was gone leading straight to the land above. [Music] Giving cheer everywhere to the side and alone. Feel my way every day with love. Feel my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly doubt, let me go all the while with a soul and a smile. Feel my way every day with love. Keep me close to the side of my sea. are and guide. Let me never in darkness and keep my path free from wrath and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day with love. Hallelujah. Feel my way every day with love. As I walk with a heavenly doubt, oh let me go all the while with a soul and a smile. Feel my way every day with life. And soon the rest will be over and I'll travel no more. heart abide in my home above. Oh, let me sing, blessed King, all the way to thy shore. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly d. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Hallelujah. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a heavenly doubt, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Feel my wing every day with life. Oh, we walk in the light. We walk. Walk in the light. We walk. Walk in the light. We walk in the light. Oh. Oh. We walk in the light. We walk. Walk in the light. We walk in the light. We walk in the light of God. Oh, we sing. In the light. We sing. In the light. We sing. In the light. We sing. in the light. Oh, we going to walk. Walk in the light. We're going to walk. Walk in the light. We're going to walk. Walk in the light. Walk in the light. Oh. Oh. We walk. Walk in the light. We walk. Walk in the light. We walk in the light. We walk in the light of God. We walk. Walk in the light. We walk. Walk in the light. We walk. Walk in the light. We walk. Going to walk. Walk in the light. We're going to walk. Walk in the light. We're going to walk. Walk in the light. We're going to walk in the light of walk in the light. We're going to walk walk in the light. We're going to walk walk in the light. We're going to walk in the light of God.
