################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-26 - 25-0425E Investments || Bro Daniel Mugisha || Overnight Service - Daniel Mugisha - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-26
Title:   25-0425E Investments || Bro Daniel Mugisha || Overnight Service
Speaker: Daniel Mugisha
Church:  Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sf0DPIorF4
========================================

[Music] It's coming closer. Lost and found. The tears of joy, tears of shame, I wash [Music] forever in Jesus name. Healing grace is coming down. coming closer to the lost and [Music] found. Tears of joy and tears of [Music] shame I wash forever in Jesus name. Unhealing grave. It comes with fire. So later on and take us higher healing gra. I'm not afraid to be washed in heaven's room. Healing grace and healing grace. It comes with fire. [Music] Let it fall and take us higher. Healing grace I'm not afraid to be washed. Heaven's rain to be washed here. Heaven's [Applause] rain. Oh, surround me, oh [Laughter] Lord. Surround me, oh [Laughter] Lord. Oh, surround me surround me, oh Lord. Oh, let your praisees fill thee. Oh, surround me, oh Lord. Yes, surround [Music] me. Oh Lord, sing around me, Lord. Surround me. Oh yes, the night surround me. Oh Lord, let your praises, let your praisees fill thee. Oh, let your praises, let your praisees feel. Let me hear you sing it with all your heart now. Oh, surround me. Yes. Surround me. It's my prayer. Lord, surround me. Oh Lord, all things surround me. Oh Lord. Yes. Surround [Music] me. Oh Lord. Oh say surround me. Yes Lord. Let your praisees feel. Oh, let your presence let your praise feel. Once again, sing surround me. Amen. Oh, surround me, oh Lord. Yes. Surround me here. Oh [Music] Lord. Yes. Surround [Laughter] [Music] me. Oh surround me. Lord surround me. [Music] Lord, surround me, oh Lord. Oh, tonight I pray, Lord, surround me, oh Lord. Oh, say surround [Music] me once more time. Surround me. Yes, Lord. Oh, surround [Applause] me. Yes. Let your [Applause] praisees fill this place. Let your praises, your praisees feel. Oh, let your praises tonight. Let your praisees fill this place. Halleluah. My heavenly father, Lord Jesus Christ, we want to thank you so much tonight for this wonderful moment, this wonderful hour that we are standing in your presence tonight, Lord. Father, we give you all the horn and the glory, Lord, for you deserve it, Lord. We thank you so much, Lord Jesus, for every good thing that you've done in our lives, Lord. We praise your name. We thank you tonight, Father, as we are here, Lord, Father, gathered together, Lord Jesus. Lord, we call upon your name, Father, tonight that let your presence come down and surround us, Lord. Let your presence come down, Lord, Father, and be with us here tonight, Father. Lord Jesus, may you reach down your mighty hand, Lord Jesus. touch and everybody here gather together Lord for we need you Lord Jesus. We are calling upon your name. Our hearts are yearning for thee Lord. Our hearts are thirsting for thee tonight. We are hungering and thirsting Lord. May you come and fill us tonight Lord. May you come and fill us Lord Jesus and change us Lord Jesus. May you come Lord Father and raise us up high Lord Jesus into the heavenly places. Lord, may you come and feed us, Lord, tonight on your word. May you come and bless our hearts, Lord Jesus. May you come, Lord, Father, open our hearts and our eyes, Lord, that we be able to see you, Father, tonight. May you come, Lord Jesus, heal the sick and afflicted in our midst here tonight, Father. May you come, Lord Jesus, and minister to us, Lord, Father, as never before, Lord Jesus. Lord, you are the same yesterday, today, and forever, Lord. Oh God, we call on your name, Father, and you shall answer us, Lord. Oh, we are seeking for thy face, Lord. Oh, we are seeking for thy face, Lord. Oh, we are seeking for thee tonight, Lord Jesus Christ. May you come and manifest yourself, Lord, Father, in our midst. Sweep of our hearts, Lord, of our souls, Lord Jesus. Bless, Lord Jesus, the congregation here, Lord. Bless, Father, the musicians, Father. Lord bless Lord Jesus each one of us Lord bless the ministers Lord Father that will uh that will preach to us tonight Father to your children may you father Lord Jesus give them the anointing Lord Jesus inspiration Father Lord bless their hearts bless them Father Lord Jesus that they'll speak Lord Father of thee Lord of thy word Lord Jesus that they will not speak of themselves Lord Father may we be blessed tonight Lord Jesus oh my God I pray for The saints Lord online will be streaming us. Father bless them Lord Jesus as well. Lord Father I pray a commitment to our service at your hands. Father Lord may you come and be with us father Lord. Let this be the night Lord Jesus as it was on the day of Pentecost. Father Lord oh Jesus. Oh God we expecting from thee father. It's time we gather together Lord. We expect great from thee Lord. For we know that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. And you never fail. Oh Jesus, reach down your mighty hand upon us. Father, Lord, we pray and believe in your name, Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And the saint shall say amen. Let's say praise the Lord. I greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight? Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. Somebody say hallelujah. Amen. In the book of Psalms 90, the Bible says, hallelujah. Do you love the Lord? Has he been good to you? Yes. Psalms 91. He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most high shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty. I will say of the Lord, he is my refuge and my fortress, my God in whom I will trust. In him I will trust. Surely he has he shall deliver thee from the snare, from the faller and the from the noisome pestless. He shall cover thee with his feathers and under his wing shalt thou trust. His trust shall be thy shield and buckler. Thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night, nor for the arrow that fl by day. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. You believe the Lord is with us tonight. Hallelujah. We are in the presence of the might of the mighty God. Amen. Just turn around and greet the brother, somebody next to you. Say, "God bless you." Welcome them in the house of the Lord tonight as we sing this song. We are together again. Praising the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, we are together again. Just praising the Lord. We are together again in one accord. Yes. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We are together again. Just praising the Lord. We are together. We are together again. Just praising the Lord. We are together again. [Music] Good is going to happen. Something good is in. We are together again. Oh, just praising the Lord. Do you believe we are together? Together again. Oh, just praising the Lord. We are together again. Oh. Oh. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We are together again. Just praise the Lord. One more time. We are together again. Just praising the Lord. We are together again. Want to go. Something good is going to happen. You're together again. Just praising the Lord. We praise his name. His wonderful name. We praise his name. His wonderful name. His name is to be praised. Praise his name. His name is to be praised. We praise his name. We praise his name. His wonderful name. Oh, we praise his name. His wonderful name. His name. Oh, oh, his name to be praised. Praise his We praise. We praise his name. His wonderful name we praise. Oh his wonder, his name is to be praised. We praise his name. His name is to be praised. Praise his name. He never fails me. Yeah. He never fails me. Yeah. Jesus Christ never fails me. Yeah. [Music] [Applause] Every wondered all that Jesus Christ never fails me. He never He never fails me. He never fails me. Jesus Christ never fails me. Everywhere I go, that Jesus Christ never fails me. He never never fails me. Oh, Jesus Christ never fails me. Yes. Everywhere I go, I want the world to know. Jesus Christ never fs me. Jesus took my bings. He rode them in the sea. Roll them in the sea. Roll them in the sea. Now I have the victory given me. and all my kids on body. He rolled them in the sea. Oh Jesus took my body. Roll them in the sea. He roll them in the sea. He roll them in the sea. Now the joy. Oh that he has given me all my cares and body rolling. Jesus. Jesus took my sickness. Roll them in the sea. Roll them in the sea. He rode them in the sea. Now I have the healing. He has me. Oh my body. Roll them in the sea. Oh Jesus took my sickness. Roll them in the sea. He rolled them in the sea. He rode them in the sea. Now I have he given me all my body. He rolling in the sea. Oh Jesus took my sadness. He rode in the sea. Rolling in the sea. Oh he rode in the sea. Now I have the joy that he has given me. out on my car and body. He rode them in. Oh yes. Jesus took my body. He rode them in the sea. He roll them in the sea. He roll them in the sea. Now I have a he has given me all my girls and body rolling me. It is well. It is well. It is well in the name of Jesus. It is well with my soul today. It is well. It is well. It is well. It is well in the name of Jesus. It is well. Yes. It is well. It is well. It is well in the name of Jesus. It is well. Sing. It is well. It is well. It is well. It is well. It is well in the name of Jesus. Is it well with you tonight? It is well. It is well. It is well. It is well in the name of [Music] Jesus. One more time. It is well. It is well. It is well in the name of Jesus. It is well. [Music] Oh, Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. He didn't let the devil win. Oh, Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. He didn't let the devil win. Didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil win. Yeah. Oh, he didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil win. Oh, Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. He didn't let the devil win. Satan Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. He lost. Satan lost the battle. [Applause] Oh yeah. Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. He didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil win. Didn't let the devil win. Didn't let the devil wevil once again. Oh, he didn't let the devil we didn't let the devil. Oh, he didn't let the devil we didn't let the devil. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Give a shout of praise to him tonight. Amen. Do you feel like praising God tonight? Hallelujah. Are you happy? Oh, [Music] [Music] David. Come on, sing it. [Music] [Music] David on David on [Music] Let David [Music] [Music] Ive Ive Are [Music] [Applause] [Music] you down and then dance. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Ive Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Give a mighty hand clap to the Lord tonight. [Applause] Hallelujah. Is he wonderful? Amen. I may be seated. Praise God. I just have one special song. Amen. Brother Peter has a song. God bless you. [Music] Bless you. [Music] Jesus keep me near the cross that precious found free to all The healing stream from Calary Main in the cross. in the cross. Be my glory ever till my raptured soul shall find rest beyond the ring. [Music] In the [Music] cross. In the cross be my [Music] [Laughter] glory. Te my wrath child soul shall find. Beyond the river, near the cross I'll walk away. Hoping trust sting ever till I reach the golden step. Cast beyond the river. In the cross. In the cross be my glory. Feel my rock cho shall fight the rest behold the river near the cross. Oh lamb of God, bring it before me. Help me walk from day to day. We ro me in the cross. See the cross be my [Music] glory till my wrath that soul shall find rest beyond the In the cross in the cross be my glory [Music] ever till my wrath just All shall find grace beyond the ring. Near the cross I'll watch and wait. Opening [Music] tr until I reach that [Music] golden star just beyond the river in The cross in the cross be my glory till my wrath judge soul shall find rest be Oh, the real love in the cross. In the cross be my glory. [Music] Till my wrath soul shall find rest beyond the river until my raptured soul shall find Grace beyond the river. Amen. Hallelujah. In that cross. In that cross. It's wonderful song. God bless you. Let's get on our feet. Amen. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Hallelujah. Are you ready to worship the Lord? [Music] Oh, amen. Praise God. Lives the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your holy name. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I worship his ohy name and sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your [Music] leading. When sun comes up, it's a new day on me. It's time to sing your song. I g whatever [Music] my lies before me [Music] tonight. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. I worship his holy name. Sing like never before. [Music] Oh my soul, I worship you. [Music] soul to hunger. Your name is great and your heart is kind. All your goodness. I will keep on singing. reason for my heart to bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my. I worship his holy sing like never sing like never before my soul you [Music] go and On the day in my [Applause] fingers near you and my time has come. Still my song will sing your praise. I [Music] need [Applause] forever. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul. I worship his holy name. Sing like never. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship you. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Lord oh my soul my soul I worship his holy name sing like never sing like never before. [Music] Oh my soul of you. [Applause] My good [Music] to watch my to [Music] [Music] the name you reason to call you [Music] son to call you Oh my to go. Oh, cuz you be Jesus. [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] You be reason to [Music] Oh, yes. [Music] Oh, cuz you [Applause] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Yes, to [Music] You be [Music] reason [Music] one way. [Music] [Applause] Oh, I could come away with one. How could I come my way [Music] with come way? [Music] Oh, how could I come out with way? [Music] Oh, I could not come away. How could I come my way? Oh my way. Oh, I could not. Oh, binge. I could not come my way. [Applause] Once again sing with all your heart. How could I come with me? Oh, I could twee. [Music] Oh, let him do. [Music] Oh, twity. Twilight. He [Laughter] [Music] need for we give you glory. Glory. We give you glory and your love. We give you glory. Oh, we give you glory. We give you glory and your love. Oh yes, we glorify your name. Oh now we give you glory. We give you glory. Oh now we give you glory. Oh we give you glory. We give you glory in your name. Oh. Oh. Twilight. You are Coming down one single [Music] season one [Applause] Jesus on the one single [Music] [Applause] [Music] season for one One more [Music] time for coming down. [Music] You were [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] way way [Music] Oh, way way for his presence is here with us tonight. Hallelujah. way. Where we way? Any way you way we way. Way. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Just start worship him. We can speak to him tonight. Hallelujah. Lord, we praise you, Lord. We thank you, Lord. We glorify your name, Lord. We praise your name, Lord. We come before you tonight. You're worthy of all our praise. You are worthy of all our glory. Oh God, we glorify your name tonight. Father, we thank you Lord Jesus. We are here tonight gather together and Lord your praises we call upon your name. Father we magnify your name. We glorify your name Lord Jesus Christ. Follow Jesus. Come on Jesus tonight. Father Jesus come down tonight. They come down. Father Jesus your praises come and shake his beauty. Oh father your praises. Father, Lord Jesus, come with Jesus and begin our Father, be your angels, Father, come down by every city. Oh father, oh, Lord Jesus, Father, we cry unto you, Lord. We worship your name. We glorify your name. Holy Father, Lord Jesus, without you, Lord Jesus, there is no any other, Lord Father, we know. Lord, Father, to whom can we go tonight? Where can we go, Father? To whom can we run tonight? There's nowhere we can turn. There's nowhere we can go tonight. But we come to you tonight, Father. Lord Jesus, we come to you tonight, Father. Lord, turn on thy face from us. Turn on thy face from us, Father. We need you. We call on thee, Father. Oh Jesus, you said your word. They that seek for thee, Lord Jesus, shall find. Father, Lord Jesus, we are here, oh God. We lift, Lord, Father, our hands, Lord Jesus, in worship our hearts, Father. Lord Jesus, we yield our hearts to you, Father. And you come, oh dear Father. Lord Jesus, in a mighty way, oh dear Father. Oh, let your praise come down, oh dear Father. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] Jesus on [Music] the Jesus on the main tell him what you are. Jesus on the middle. Tell him what you are. Call him. Tell him what you are. Yes. Jesus on the main. Tell him what you are. Yes. Jesus on the main. Tell him what you are. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you are. Oh, call him up and tell him what you are. Jesus on the main line. Oh, Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you are. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the mail. Tell him what you are. Call him now and tell him what you are. Jesus on the mill. Oh, tell him what you are. Jesus on the mill. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the mill. Tell him what you are. Who's calling now? And tell him what you are. If you need the Holy Ghost, you need the Holy Ghost. So tell him what you are. If you need the Holy Ghost, oh tell him what you want. If you need the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. Oh, call him now and tell him what you are. If you need a healing, if you need your healing now. Oh, tell him what you are. Yes. If you need your healing now, tell him what you want. If you need your healing, tell him what you are. Oh Jesus, tell him what you are. Jesus on the mainland. Jesus on the main. Oh, tell him what you are. Jesus on the main telling what you are. Jesus on the main. Oh, tell him what you are. Tell him what you are. Yes, I am thinking over here when the [Music] redee when the redee when the redee when the redee oh I gathering [Applause] Crush like snow and I'm free from sin. Yes, I wish we see when the redee position home on the streets of God with the redeemer. I gathering. So what music or what singing over the city will be wrong? When the redee when the gathering when the redee I'm gathering oh wash like snow and free from sin I'm [Applause] [Music] shy oh I gathering you Since you sing, saints you sing. Redemption story with a voice that clear when the redee angels all listen for they can join the song with the redee. I'm gathering here with the redee. I'm gathering here. Wash my soul. I'm free from sin. I will shine my life. Oh, redee the gathering. And the savior will give orders to prepare the bount for when the redeemed I gathering. I will hear his invitation. Come ye blessed of the Lord. When the redee when the redee Oh yes. The gathering here. Oh my [Music] [Music] gosh, Lord. I'm free from sin. I will shine. I will see when I redee when I [Music] redee I'm free from sin. How we show and how we [Applause] see the redeemed I got him. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Do you love the Lord? Amen. I will sing hosana. I will sing hosana. singing round before the throne of glory. I will sing hosana. I will sing. I will singana. Oh, I will sing hosana. Sing it. Sing your glory. I will sing hosana. I will dance. I will dance. Yes, I will dance. I will dance. Oh, dancing ground. Oh, I will dance. Yes, I will wear. I will wear I will wear glory. I will wave hosana. I will jump. I will jump. Hosana. I will jump. Oh, jumping around. I will jump. Yes, I will jump. I will jump. I will jump. Hosana. Jumping ground. Oh, I will jump. Yes, I will. I will sing. I will sing. I will sing. I will sing. I will sing. I will sing. I will sing. I will sing hosana. Oh, I will sing hosana. Singing before the throne of glory. I will sing my heart. [Music] Praise the Lord. Cast your body. Come to Jesus for he cares for you. Cast your body. Come to Jesus for he cares for you. Oh cast your body. Come to Jesus for he cares for you. Higher. Higher. Higher. Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Oh, your body Jesus for you. your body. Come to Jesus for he cares for me. Your body for you. Praise the Lord. Give a shout of praise to God. Amen. As we invite our pastor tonight, let's sing this song. Jesus is the winner man. Are you on the winning side tonight? Amen. Jesus is the winner man. The winner man. The winner man. Oh Jesus is the winner man. Oh the winner man. Oh Jesus. Jesus is the winner man. Oh man. The winner man. Oh Jesus. Oh I am on the winning side. The winning side tonight. I am on the winning side. The winning side. A winning side. A winning side. A winning side. A winning side. A winning side. Winning. A winning side. A winning. Oh. Turn lo. I lose my mind. I lose my mind. I lose my lo. I am the inside. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] inside. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Give him a clap of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Well, I'm happy to see all of you tonight. Those of you who have been able to make it. Isn't it wonderful? Isn't it wonderful? Amen. Let us give the Lord another clap [Music] of you may be seated for just a few moments. Um, our Fridays are usually special days. [Music] because we come for a prayer meeting. Uh many times when brother Bham talks about a prayer meeting really they went to hear the word and to fellowship and so and also have some time for prayer and it's a it's a blessing for brethren to dwell together in unity. Amen. uh that we can spend some time in the presence of God. So uh is Sister Joyce here tonight? No. Okay. She's she's not here. Uh probably she she might come on Sunday. Just had a testimony to tell you there. All right. So uh with with us we have brother Amram. Amen. Brother, can you stand? Amen. Praise the Lord. We had a successful surgery and we appreciate all of you for praying for uh that surgery was working on one of his eye the eyes. Um but uh the right eye also need another surgery which is going to be more expensive uh which will probably uh take place maybe in Nairobi after a while. That is the report from his dad. So we just believe with him that the Lord will help him to carry the cross. And um you know friends sometimes I think about the place where we are headed. Our true origin is not this world. You know this world is full of toils, full of cares, full of trials and suffering, tests and temptations. But there is a world that is much better than this one. And uh when we get over there, there will not be a There will not be a blind man or woman. There will not be a sick person. There will not be anyone in pain. There will just be joy. After all the victory is gone, there won't even be a poor man. Many of our friends have already gone before us and they are waiting for our change of body. Then we can join them and forever we shall be with him. You know many times when we go through things in this life, let us be encouraged and know that our God is faithful. Amen. Our God is faithful. Brother, do we have the visitor today? No. Okay. All right. So um this evening or this night whichever it is we have 30 minutes to to the following day really. So we we we are going to have brother Dan minister to us. Amen. So it's been a while before we had him minister. So uh I'm myself under expectation that the Lord will use him for us tonight. Amen. So we pray for him uh and also we pray for ourselves that the Lord will minister to us. Uh we will have two sessions, two services like we did last Sunday, last Friday. meaning the last time we had how many enjoyed that one. So um we are going to have the same thing today and we have someone another some special person actually a new face uh that will also minister to us. We enjoyed uh the last overnight we enjoyed brother brother polycap's ministry and those of you who come to the home sale here again he ministered there and uh man the man that young man has something in him. We do not know you know um everything but we know that God has something he has for the bride through him in the future. If you have not heard Polica preach, you you just pray and and that God will give us another opportunity to hear him very soon. I don't know Samuel, you were not here and you really missed. You really missed and you forunate. You really missed brother Poly and uh it was a blessing for us. So we have another new person in the in the morning. Usually that second session we don't get to stream it. So those of you who are streaming and following us unfortunately you always miss out. Please come to church. And I'm happy to see at least several of you trying to make it. That's a good thing. So let us stand on our feet and we'll we'll come our brother Dan to come and um to tell us what the Lord has placed on his heart as we prepare ourselves to go in prayer. Amen. The musicians maybe we can sing a little chorus. I want to see him Look upon his face. It's a very old song. Sometimes we sing it fast. I just want us to sing that chorus a little slowly as we meditate upon each other. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. get to sing forever of his grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Cares all past at last ever to rejoice. Sing it again. Oh, I want to sing. Look upon his face. Oh, let us sing forever. Glory saving grace on the street of glory. Let me Oh my love. Think about it. We sing one more time. Oh, I want to see him upon his name. Oh, God is save forever. Oh, his [Music] s of glor. [Music] [Applause] has all my for my life to res. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Want to thank the Lord this evening that he has given us another opportunity to be in his presence. Amen. Amen. I really appreciate it and I don't take it for granted. Want to thank the Lord again of our pastor for his leading us in uh through the way. Amen. Amen. Because God has given him to us. Amen. Amen. So I just have one song that I feel like singing then we read the word shalom. I think you help me. All the way. I'm going all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with the Lord. All the way. All the way. [Music] I'm going all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with the Lord. I made my decision. I'm going all the way. Oh, I made my decision. Oh, I'm going all the way. Oh, I'm going all the way with the Lord. I made my choice. I'm going all the [Music] way. Oh, I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with the Lord. I made my decision. My decision. Oh, I'm going all the way. I made my decision. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, no turning back. I'm going all the way. Oh, no ding. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with the Lord. Let us pray. Heavenly Father, I want to thank you, oh God, for helping us that Lord, we can know that your word has provided a way that we can make up our decisions. God, loving Jesus as we go into your word, may you again, Lord, King of Vins, Father, turn a light onto us, oh God, that those King of that have lost way. Oh God, may you make you pray. Loving Father, may you bless your word. Oh God, may you just use me as a vessel, God. Lord, I'm nothing king of kings. Lord may you take away anything Lord pertaining me oh God and come and lead oh God because this is your bride oh heavenly father and Lord this is your word king but I'm just a man king of who is also believing in your word king or loving mass as we read this word Lord may it be life to someone Lord we bless your name king of your word Lord we pray through your might name Jesus Amen Hallelujah [Music] I think we shall just go into the word in Mark chapter chapter 10 verse 17-22 No. Amen. And when he was gone forth into the way, there came one one running and knelt to him and asked him, "Good master, what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life?" And Jesus said unto him, Why callst thou me good? There is none good, but one, that is God. Thou knowest the commandments. Do not commit adultery. Do not kill. Do not steal. Do not bear false witness. Defraud not. Honor thy father and mother. and and he answered and said unto him, "Master, all these have I observed from my youth." Then Jesus beholding him loved him. And he said unto him, "One thing thou lackest. Go thy way, sell whatever thou ha has, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven, and come take up the cross, and follow me." [Music] Amen. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Yes. We shall also read in the the book of Luke chapter 14 verse 20 27 to 29. Luke chapter 14 verse 27- 29. [Music] And whosoever doth not bear his cross and come after me cannot be my disciple. For which of you intending to build a tower? Situs known down fast and count the cost whether he he has he have sufficient to finish it. Least happily after he has laid the foundation and it is not able to finish it. All that behold it all that behold it begin to mock him. [Music] Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Amina, you can have your seats. May the word of of the Lord be blessed. How many are happy to be here? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yeah. We thank the Lord once again. Yeah. The little message that I have this night, it is investments. Investment. Brother Brham preached about it like five times. Amen. Amen. So may God give us grace that we may receive more about it. Amen. Amen. As we have read in the book of Mark 10 verse 17, we see this rich young ruler coming to Jesus asking him, good master, what can I do like to inherit eternal life? Amen. Amen. If you read well, this young ruler was a Christian was like one of you. One like you or and me. He also attended church. He knew that the commandments. Amen. Amen. But what did what difference did he see on Jesus Christ? From his uh like his priest because he he learned this from the synagogue but he saw Jesus and he saw something different. Amen. Amen. Amen. And when Jesus presented to him what he wanted and became tougher. Amen. Some of us here when things get tough, when the word gets deeper, brother, I'm saying that how shall we give you like the hard things when you cannot take them the ABCD? There's a time when you'll take the milk and when you take the the real meat. Amen. Amen. That also happens to the word of God. When this man was given me eternal life, part of eternal life which were all of us seeking for amen. Is there anyone searching for another thing? We are all looking for eternal life. We all seeking it and God is more ready to give it to us. Amina. Amen. But when it was presented to this young ruler, he rejected it. Amen. Amen. Jesus gave him an investment that will last internally. But he saw his possessions so high that the internal life and that's what is happening also here like to the business life to the business community when you're signing like an agreement or a contract you some essential things they Alway you always consider you you consider an offer acceptance and consideration consideration like the value the value of why you take it. Amen. We are given an offer of eternal life. Amen. Amen. In God's economy, we are given an offer. Amen. Amen. It's it is up to us to take it and accept it and consider it as something valuable. Amen. Amen. So I'm also presenting it to you now. Amen. Amen. There's a a quote brother. He was talking about the you was asked you always around businessmen. Are you a businessman? He said, "Yes, I'm a businessman." And the wife looked at him, brother. Said, "Brother in the heart?" But he said, "Yes, I'm a businessman." Then they asked him, "What do you do?" I do life insurance. Hallelujah. Amen. He He gave life insurance and assurance. Hallelujah. So I'm also presenting to you this eternal life. Amen. Amen. As an insurance. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm presenting it to you so that it can save you. We make investments so that they can help us in future. We see very many people have made investments in the Bible that have helped them. We see Razaras and that rich man Razaras made an investment in God's word. He obeyed God's word and he had an investment that saved his life. There is also an investment right here that you can subscribe to and get yourself eternal life. Hallelujah. Amen. This is the only policy. Hallelujah. The word of God. Amen. Amen. Just take it, my friend. Hallelujah. It will do you good. Amen. Amen. Take it all all of it. Don't make a partial investment and then you you expect something big. Give in yourself. Don't be like this rich young ruler. You obey the ten commandments. He was a good Christian. You see, even the way he approached Jesus, it showed he was a good Christian. Amen. You may also be a good Christian. You may have made investments in different things in church. Hallelujah. Amen. But there's this personal personal personal thing that you have to to really invest in that it will take you as a person. Hallelujah. To accept that internal life. Amen. Amen. It is the investment I'm presenting to you. Hallelujah. Let us read. Dear God, but there there must have been something about Jesus that attracted that that attracted his attention different from what he had been used to in the synagogue. What we preachers always tell you in different churches where people they they speak but there's a difference with the word with a servant with the word of God with living this word in your life. Brother said in one of his sermons, "You better leave me a sermon than preaching it to me." Amen. Jesus preached a sermon through his life. Amen. Amen. And the the rich young saw a difference. He saw this man would lead him to get eternal life. Amen. Everything is now here. Everything to to earn you eternal life is now here. Amen. It is now here. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Make a right investment. Hallelujah. The rich young ruler saw saw the possessions were so big giving them leaving them and he ended up losing an opportunity. Don't lose an opportunity this night. I'm presenting to you a a lifetime investment that will save you even when you're dying. It saved Razarus when he was dying. But this lifetime investment sometimes it is time [Music] testing. We seen Noah, he also made an investment. Aina, he believed God's word. He believed even what was people have never heard of. Amen. He believed what people had. People may have not even ever heard of rain or rain coming from up or water coming from up. But he believed to the devil. It was a fact that what has never been like that. It has never happened. But it was the truth because it was the word of God. Amen. This investment that you're making, it is the truth. Amen. It will save your life. Hallelujah. Amen. Look to what was presented to this young ruler. Thou shall have treasure in heaven. Aina, we have always made business that have us different things. But friends, I want to call you to do this business. This business of God's word, I mean business with God's word and you'll have treasures. No man does a business that is non trusted. You cannot invest your money in something that is not trusting. Can you just give some person some your money because he has something in apolitan that if you take it you'll uh you'll find there some some gold or what you've not checked and you just give out your whole your lifetime. That's what people are doing. Amen. May God just help us. God has presented to us an investment. An investment. An investment. Hallelujah. That will save your life. It has saved very many. Amen. Amen. It saved the three Hebrews. Do you know? Do you know just giving in your life and going into the fire? Just walking, walking, walking, reaching at a point. The men reached at a point. He said, "If this fires kill me, let it kill." They were sure in the investment they made. I just want you to be very sure of the investment you're making. Is it a life-saving investment? Is what you're doing saving your life? Amen. Amen. Sometimes we miss out because of petty things just petty things. I want to read you this quote. So businessmen remember prosperity does not always mean that you are a Christian. The devil, you know, David, I believe one time he's saying, "I seen the wicked spread forth like a green bar a green a green b tree." But God said, "Did you ever behold him at the age?" That's the difference. Look at the end of the road. Is your investment going to take you up to the end? Will it save you? Amen. Will it save you? Amen. Amen. Sometimes we focus on other things and live out the internal life. We mine on the we go and put our minds on on minor things. Give the major things. Amen. It's good to give. It's good to be rich. I also want to be rich. Amen. Amen. But the word of God says, "Seek first my righteousness. I'll add to you all other things. I know you need to drink. I know you need to to dress." God's investment comes as a full package. The word of God says, "Have you ever seen the children of God sleeping out? Amen. Amen. Friends, make a right investment. Invest in God's word. Invest for eternal life. Amen. Amen. That will save you. Amen. Amen. Don't go on gambling. You gamble with life. No, you gamble with life. You don't know what exactly to do. Don't gamble. You are going to lose. Amen. Today you'll be rich and tomorrow you get poor. Amen. Amen. Because of gambling with life. Amen. Don't gamble with life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Know the right investment you're making. Amen. Amen. And friends, as an agent of God. Hallelujah. Amen. You are also an agent of God. Amen. Advertise this investment. Amen. Brother, brother said once, eternal life is living for others. Jesus lived for us so that we can be saved. Make an investment that will also save your brother. Live a right life that will that when your brother sees you, it will save them. that is living for another. May God help us friends. I want to tell you as we read in the book of Luke chapter 14 that how can you build a tower without first counting the cost whether it will it will be sufficient to finish but friends I want to tell you God has already put for us a foundation on our investment Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It is in his word. In Matthew chapter 16, he saith unto them, but whom say, "Whom say ye that are young?" And Simon Peter answered, "Thou art the the Christ, the son of the living God." And Jesus answered and said unto him, "Blessed art thou, Simon Jonah, for flesh and blood has not revealed thee, but my father which is in heaven, and I say also unto thee, that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." Hallelujah. Amen. The investment you're making has already you they have already put for you a foundation. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Don't try to make yours. The foundation has already been made for us. Hallelujah. We thank God for that. Friends, take that opportunity in this investment. Amen. Amen. We have invested in so many things. We have invested in our happiness. We have invested in our good living. But after what? What then? What then? Amen. Amen. Make a lifetime investment. Amen. This rich man that was that was with Razaras. He was also a Christian. He called father Abraham. He knew Abraham was our father. Amen. Coming to church does not mean that you've already got the investment. He was a Christian. You're also a Christian. I'm also a Christian. Amen. Amen. But we may we make a right investment. Hallelujah. Friends, I know some have have already made investment. Amen. Many some our brothers and sisters have made investment. Amen. A they made investment for their internal life. Amen. If you haven't received this, may you receive it this night. The investment is still open for you. Amen. You can invest your life. Amen. Sometimes you look at yourself and say, "No, I'm already gone. I'm already gone. I can't do anything. I can't invest my life." But friends, I want to encourage you. Jesus Christ is still on the throne of you can invest your life and be saved. The thief was saved on the cross. What about you as grace? Now you can also be saved. Don't give up on yourself. Make an investment of your life. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Invest in this eternal life. In your life with your life. Amen. Amen. friends, you'll not regret about it. Amen. Amen. Our brothers and sisters are up there. We always sing songs. Oh, I want to see him. The day is coming. That day is coming. I believe it with all my life that day is coming. Hallelujah. May God find me with a right investment. Amen. I don't mean your money sometimes. A yes, we need money and investments in church project make your life a fast investment. Amen. You see in the Bible many will come to Jesus Christ that I preached the message that I built churches that I did this and this but he just spill them out of his mouth. So that means coming to church and doing all other things. Our life, our life, make an investment. Hallelujah. Make a right investment. That you'll never and never regret. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We have seen very many that have encouraged us that we shall also make it will make it. Hallelujah. No matter what may come my way. Amen. Many laughed at Noah. They laughed at him. They said, "Look at that. They also laugh at us. But time will come when the investment you made is what is feeding you. When you make a life like if we go back to real life like our life here someone who has made an investment it is not like maybe you're going to uh eat from it like maybe tomorrow. Some people plant like maybe trees they take like 25 years but after they save them when they when they're dying on beds now take it to spiritual life. Do you have any investment? Do I have any investment? Amen. Amen. May we make an investment, friends. Don't fear. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Don't fear this. We are a real business. We have always invested in other things. But now may we invest in eternal life. Hallelujah. Amen. that you may be safe in life here and after life. Hallelujah. Don't be only safe here and you forget about your internal life. Hallelujah. Make an investment. Hallelujah. Make an investment. You'll be saved. Hallelujah. Amen. Let us read this quote. Oh, how many cases have I ever have I seen in my time where people had their life savings, get some little gadget out, get rich overnight, real quick and all after this. And they go, they have got it. The first thing they know, they find themselves on skid [Music] road in a skid road. It is like a a a city that is so dangerous. A somewhere trying to satisfy satisfy themselves. or down in their down their souls what they have done thinking about what they have done yet it is not helping them and that would be applied also in the rhythms re uh in okay that that could also be applied also in Christianity Get rich overnight. Check with the preacher. Check with the preacher. Receive it. it is yours and you go excited and you think you've got it and they put your names on the the book of life and is all over. Don't you never believe do Don't you never believe such stuff that Don't you never believe such stuff as that don't work out. Hallelujah. It go to come one it got to come one way. this get rich overnight doesn't a good businessman won't fool with it. He bought any anything you want to invest in. Get something identifi identified business something that has been proven. It keeps it keeps it keeps its promise. It pays off. Hallelujah. When you make an investment, that investment has to pay off. Hallelujah. If you make an investment in the eternal life, it has to pay for it has to pay off because it has been proven. Hallelujah. Whoever is here that believeth the word of God that means it has been proved because when we read the scripture it shows us that this word has been proved and so it is a right investment. Hallelujah. Make a right investment. Hallelujah. Sometimes we invest in this get get rich like one night when get rich in an overnight that will not work. Hallelujah. Friends, I'm presenting to you an investment that has been proved. Amen. Amen. It has been proved ages after ages after ages after ages. Amen. Amen. Our brothers have held on it. Amen. Many have been saved. Hallelujah. Many have been saved making such an investment. Hallelujah. Let's read this quote. Amen. Amen. Because you say you are rich and you have need of nothing and yet knowest thou not that thou art wretched, poor, blind, miserable, naked, and do not know it. What a horrible thought that is. To think that a person would be blind. all or could be on the streets naked. That's horrible. The worst part is of it is that in that condition and yet does not know it. If that person knew that he was in that condition, he tried to help himself. being in that condition and does not know he's in that condition and he you cannot tell him any different. That's the picture that we see today. Many of us people see God moving in these last days. see the Holy Spirit coming among us with the very promises of the book of the Bible that Christ said would come would would take place and yet with our denominations denominational differences and our social standings as that young as that young man God turn down the opportunity like he us. Oh, like he did like sometimes we do it like he did. They're afra they are afraid to make an investment. He would rather hold on the things that he had, popularity, [Music] money, instead of putting his investment when he had an opportunity at his door to the kingdom of God. I don't believe that anybody who lost Christ could said could could see could say it in a meeting takes place in a real spir spiritfilled Pentecostal output in this day. We see that very presence of Jesus Christ strike down upon the people and perform and perform and do the things that he promised. be done in this day. Amen. Amen. And turn away the opportunity that God gave you to become part of it. What a thing that young young fellow did to turn away this opportunity. And what a rashy thing the denominations are doing today. Instead of accepting and embracing the Holy Spirit and forgetting their difference, they separate brotherhood and try to draw away little groups like their own following. I mean we please don't turn away the opportunity. An opportunity may be for you today. Don't turn away the opportunity. Sometimes an opportunity comes once or it may have come very many times in your life. Amen. And you turn it away. You turn the last opportunity. Hallelujah. Please don't turn away opportunity. Amen. Amen. There's an opportunity for you to invest. Hallelujah. Your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Friends, I'm offering you through the the the the power and authority given to us God knew I would stand here. I'm not presenting my idea. I'm not presenting my my in or my business. This is the business of my father. It is for your father. If you believe God is your father, make an investment. Amen. Amen. It will save your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It will save your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Don't be taken up by other things. Yes, we have to do other things. Yes, we have to invest in other things. Amen. But don't forget your life comes first. [Music] The truth is you cannot even what you you you're trying to make as a something big or investing so much in in life like this real [Music] life. Sometimes it will fail. You reach a point you fail. You have already secured this investment. Sometimes things make just happen. You don't force yourself. Amen. Things will just be moving like as if this normal life to overcome. Amen. Amen. You not struggle. Amen. Yes, things may not be easy, but God has a way. He will come and say because you made that investment. Amen. Amen. You can also invest today if you have not yet invested. Hallelujah. Amen. Today I didn't come to talk about investing your money. Yes, we need land fund. We need you to support the church projects. But first, invest in eternal life. Amen. Invest in eternal life. Don't be like those men that will come to Christ that for me I gave in land for you. And you forget about your life. Amen. Amen. The churches even the churches that we are building, let me surprise you. We are going to leave them here. Amen. You're going to leave the church here. Secure your life. Amen. Secure your life. Amen. Amen. All other things will be making themselves. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Make a right investment. Amen. Amen. It is not too late. It's not too late. Amen. Make a right investment. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. We have seen people that had been rejected, have been like a a nuisance in the community. this thief at the cross he accepted. He said for us at least we are supposed to be on the cross. You're not you telling Jesus but you're not supposed for him he had just accepted. He said I I deserve it. Amen. But in that he got eternal life. Jesus said tonight will be with me. Hallelujah. Today you may have you may have condemned yourself. You may have done a lot of things and no I can that's the work of the devil making you fear that you cannot friends don't give up. We are in a fight. But a fight that has already been won. Amen. Amen. Yes sir. Tell me a fight that that some the opponent is not beaten also. Sometimes the devil can give you a slap and you fall down. I mean it may be spiritual and you really feel you you're down but friends stand up stand up. We are fighting a a battle that is already won. Sometimes we look at ourselves and no I can't make it. No, I've I've done a lot. Amen. But friends, Jesus Christ is still on the mer seat. Amen. Amen. Sons of God, daughters of God lost. Amen. Yes sir. We are in a gleaning season that that we are like the bride of Christ. Don't be blinded by the things of LA. Aina, don't be blinded. Aina, come and gather with your fellows. Aina, it is not too late. Aina, if it was too late, the bride would not be here. There is someone. There is someone you may be here. The Lord has always called you, called you, called you, but you still hold on to your possession. Friends, invest in internal life. It is high time we invest in life. Hallelujah. Invest in eternal life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's nothing. There's no better business or better investment that you can make. There is nothing Sometimes even if if you even given an opportunity, you don't have the money. If they was they told you to build the church, you also don't have it. If they told you to always mob this church every Sunday, you may also fail. Amen. But this has on built on a foundation. This investment given to us proved make an investment. Hallelujah. Make an investment. Many that were denied in their communities. Rahab was her but he made a an investment. and he hid the children of Israel. Aina like he had he like lived for some giving in her life. Aina and God saved his family. He saved her. Amen. Amen. And now God is presenting to us another investment that can save you that can also save your brother because when your liqu is lighting put on your brother. You can encourage your brother. You can encourage your family members. You can encourage your friends. Amen. And they also get the investment. Amen. Hallelujah. A br the bride of Christ is not only made up by maybe preachers is made up by everyone. You are part of the bride. Amen. Amen. If the body of the bride was complete would not be here. Amen. Amen. So you have an investment to make. Amen. Amen. For that internal life. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It is presented to us. It is presented to us. Just accept it. Amen. Amen. We may be laughed at. Amen. But it will be for a season. Hallelujah. It will be for a season. Hallelujah. Just invest. Make a right investment. Hallelujah. And you'll be saved. Hallelujah. Amen. Let us look at this uh another prostitute. If you can look at yourself and you say, "I'm gone. I'm gone. again. Oh, I've done a lot. If someone is dozing near you, tell him to stand and listen to this. A this can be a life change. A You may have tried and tried and tried. Amen. Amen. But this can change your life. Amen. Amen. Because this word of God has authority has authority to transform your life. Amen. Amen. To make you the the real you that God made. Amen. Amen. Listen to this in Luke 17 verse 36. And one of the Pharisees desired him that he would eat with him and he went into the the uh the Pharisees house and sat down to meet. Chapter 36. [Music] H and behold, a woman in the city, which was a sinner, when she knew that Jesus sat at me in the fall's house, brought an albastic box of ornament, and stood at his feet behind his we him weeping, and began to wash his feet with uh tears, and did weep. then did did whip them with the hair of her head and kissed his feet and anointed them with the ornament. Now when the Pharisees which had been with him uh with him saw it, he spoke with it within him, saying, "This man, if he was a prophet, would have known who and what manner of woman this is." That touched him, for she's a sinner. And Jesus answered and said unto him, Simon, I have some uh I have somewhat to say unto thee. And said unto on and and he says, "Master, say on there was a certain creditor which had two datas. One uh the one owed 500 penny and the other 50. when they had nothing to pay, he frankly forgave them both. Tell me, tell me therefore, which of them loveth him most?" Simon answered and said, "I suppose that he to to whom he forgave most." And he said unto him, "Thou has rightly right rightly judged." And he turned to the woman and said unto Simon, "Seeth thou this woman, I entered in I entered into thine house, and gave me no water for my feet, but she has washed my feet with tears, and weeped them with the hair of her head. Thou givest me no kiss. But this woman since the time I came in in in in has not seized his kiss my feet. Amina my head with all thou dost not anoint anoint but this woman has anointed my feet with ornaments. Amen. Amen. So like this lady, she was known as a a prostitute. They started even saying look at him. Sometimes they even believers, the ones that profess to be believer look is making himself where they see you running to the pulpit and crying for your life. Look at him. Look at her. But friends, this lady was saved. Hallelujah. What is your case? What have you done that you cannot come to Jesus Christ? What have you done that you cannot invest into eternal life? Amen. Amen. What have you done? Sometimes you may even have done something very little but the devil is making it so. Friends, I want to tell you that there's an opportunity now. Now, amen. Amen. Amen. Eternal life is ours. Hallelujah. Amen. Eternal life is yours. Tell yourself, "Eternal life is mine." Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Eternal life is yours. It is not for animals. It is not for angels, but yours. Amen. It is yours. You didn't just come here to be here or to attend this overnight. Amen. But God had a message for you. Amen. Amen. Make an investment. Hallelujah. For eternal life. Hallelujah. Amen. It will save your life. Amen. It will save your life. Amen. Amen. It may not make sense now. Amen. But it will save your life. You'll see your life change. Amen. Even before we meet our father in heaven, you'll enjoy on some of of the gifts of the life. You'll enjoy my friend. Amen. You live a free life. Amen. Amen. You live a free life. Hallelujah. Make an investment. Amen. Amen. Make an investment in internal life. Hallelujah. Amen. It will save you. Amen. Amen. This lady was was loved heart. She went, brotherham narrates the story very well. She went in her in her in in her room heart jumping jumping like the heart was pumping saying if I get this little money you will know where I got it from you may deny me but but I can't do it but he said he will understand he will understand your situation She went crying. People laughed at her. They knew her. They laughed. They said she got the money she had. She went in a fine perfume company and she bought that most expensive Jesus deserved the most expensive thing in your life which is your life because if your life is not there's nothing you have. Hallelujah. Amen. Nothing. Amen. She went and bought that perfume. A Amen. The best she she had. And she came back, they laughed at her, the men that were looking at her, sister, I want to tell you, your situation is not worse. Brother, your situation. God has given you an opportunity. Amen. He say he he reminds us in his word his mercies are new every morning right now. If you can check the time you'll see we already in another day we have on our account we have new masses. We have meries right now. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. to sweep you through to encourage you. Amen. Amen. To encourage you. Hallelujah. Don't listen to what people are telling you. Express yourself to Jesus Christ and you'll be saved. Amen. If this lady did not express herself to Jesus Christ, she will not be saved. Amen. Amen. Express yourself as we in this overnight. It is an opportunity that you can express yourself to Jesus Christ and tell him, "Jesus, you're right here. You can save me." Amen. As he was in the house of Simon, he's here. He promised. He said, "Where two or three are gathered in my name, I will be a minister." Hallelujah. Amen. How many believe that Jesus? How many believe that Jesus can do something? Hallelujah. Just believe it. Just believe. Amen. Amen. Only believe things are possible. I don't know how it will be made. I don't know what approach God is going to come to you. But he will come. Amen. Amen. He will save your life. Amen. He knows your case. He knows everything. Hallelujah. Amen. He knows you more than you and the devil know. He knows your case. Amen. He knows you. [Music] Just come back to your senses. God, you know me. [Music] He knows you. That's why you are here. Amen. He knows you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. People may try to let people be entitled to their opinions. But what does God say about? Amen. Amen. What does God say about you? Amen. Amen. He has chosen us. We are a peculiar people sons and daughters of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. It is not just a name given unto us. Amen. Amen. But that name Hallelujah. Amen. That that name when it is said demons run away, it is on us. You are Mr. Jesus. You are Mrs. Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. You have power and authority through his word. Hallelujah. Amen. You have power and authority. Amen. Amen. Just come to your senses. Hallelujah. Amen. In this same time when everyone is bright, when everyone is naked. Amen. Amen. When everyone is trying to uh to persuade themselves that nah no I'm okay I'm [Music] okay. Just express yourself. Tell God you know God. You know I'm struggling. God I know you can do it. He can do it right now. Even while you're seated. It is you yielding yourself [Music] investing your life. Amen. Yield yourself. Amen. Yield yourself whether you're online, whether you hear whether you will hear later. Amen. This this Bible this it was written years and years and years back but is the word of God and is the same yesterday, today and forever. Hallelujah. If he filled the the people that were in the upper room, the Holy Spirit, do you think he cannot feel? Do you think he cannot meet your need? If he heal the sick, do you think his power is gone? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He said, "These sign shall follow them that believe." And believe what? The word of God. The word of God has been preached. It is up to you to believe it and take it on an individual basis and say, "I'm building on the foundation God has put for us." Hallelujah. Amen. I I don't want I don't want to listen to what people may say because people try to put uh their thinking and reasoning But believe it is. Hallelujah. Believe it the way it is. Noah believed the way it was. Our father Abraham believed the way it was. Jacob believed the way it was. Brother believed the way it was. Amen. Amen. Even your neighbor may be your neighbor may have believed the way it was it is. What about you? Amen. What about you? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just yield. Yield and invest. Amen. Amen. Wow. We have sown. We have invested money, have invested our energy, our sleep even we are here, what does it profit you after living all you've given in for me I always tell people if you want to be a sinner go and be do the If you want to be a Christian, be the best. You may not be the best, but you'll be by God's grace. You'll be an example. Amen. May we invest the young and old. Even the old they think time has gone and they cannot do anything. Amen. We have seen very many that have invested. He was under the tree. When he was praying, God saw him. Amen. He made an investment. Hallelujah. Amen. You can also make an investment. Hallelujah. Amen. Couples, you can make an investment in your life. We see in the Bible, there's a couple that was always mentioned and a They were always mentioned. They did the work of God together. Do the work of God with your husband. Do the work of God with your wife. Amen. Amen. Don't leave her there. They preach to Apollo about the simple man of God. And when he came to preach to them, they accepted. He asked them, "Have you received the Holy Spirit since you believe?" They were Christians. They loved God. Amen. They said no. But they they yielded themselves and God saved them. Amen. Amen. So don't look at your situation. You think you you're so bad. This little prostitute, she did what she could do. What can you do at your level? What can you do? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What can you do at your level? Look at yourself at your level. What can you do? What? I don't know what you've done and I don't need to know, but look at yourself. What is your level? She looked at herself. She cried. She looked for what she could do. She tried. She said, "Oh, maybe this this money that I may even chase me, but she said, let me just go." Amen. She bought the best she could. She she brother Brandham says the only good thing she had she had the long hair that's why we the Bible encourages women amen that is your glory they didn't say he he he said clearly here Uh let me look for it. He said the hair of her [Music] head. Amen. She used that is the only thing good thing she had. You may have wasted yourself. But I want to tell you that there's an an investment that can save you. That investment is just presented to you. Amen. As brother brotherham said here, he said, "Oh businessmen, this morning, I'm offering you as an agent of Jesus Christ of eternal life, a policy of eternal life. Jesus Christ my Lord and my supreme body. For I am dead to the things of the world. live only to him using not only using not our our own mind but just letting his mind are prisoners as B Moses now no matter no matter what any any anyone else says you are prison to the that word The Holy Spirit leads you. He forbids to go to to to go places to come here. He sends you to places you not he sends you to places you not go to and keeps you away from places that you would not go. We want a policy. You want to make an investment friends now here. An investment is right here. If you've invested, you can invest more. Invest more of your life. Live forever. to God's word. Amen. Amen. Have no option but to serve God. Amen. Amen. With whatever you have simplicity. Amen. All of us cannot stand here and preach but your life can preach something. Amen. Amen. Your life can preach to someone. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just invest. Hallelujah. Amen. Invest. Hallelujah. Amen. It has been given to us. Amen. Just invest yourself and you'll see it paying you. Hallelujah. Don't mind on what people may tell you. Yeah, people will talk. They will talk this and this. They will say you come, you go. Even sometimes preachers, they will tell you the same thing. Amen. Amen. But God Hallelujah. Amen. God, he has not yet given up on you. If he has given up on you would either bury you today or maybe would have buried you today. Amen. Amen. But if you have a chance, take this investment. Amen. Invest your life. Amen. Amen. People will laugh. That's the truth. They will mock you like they think for them they have made [Music] it. Amen. But you have your own journey. I have my own. But we are all heading to see our father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just carry your cross. Carry your cross. Amen. Carry your cross obediently. And just follow God. Amen. Amen. Sometimes you don't know what will happen next. We see even the servants of God like Moses. He cried. Yet God had given him authority. Sometimes the things of God are so high that you cannot even see them with your eyes. Amen. Amen. Even an opportunity may be here, but you're not seeing it. You're not seeing it. Friends, the opportunity is here. Whenever we come here, whenever you hear this, the word of God being preached, just know an opportunity is presented to you. be anywhere home sales when you find an evangelist in confessions here at church in your conversations with friends. Amen. Sometimes someone tells you the word of God. Amen. Amen. Just take it. Hallelujah. Amen. Just take it. Hallelujah. And you'll be saved. Hallelujah. Amen. In this age, we are blinded by very, very many [Music] things. But we are a peculiar people. Hallelujah. Tell yourself that I'm a son or a daughter of God. and believe it and hold on it. The devil may debate with you, but tell him now, I'm a son and daughter of God. Hallelujah. Just keep keep saying it. Keep saying it. Keep confessing it. Confessing it every day. Amen. Amen. Yesterday I was going home and something was disturbing me in my head. I told the devil I was remembering the sermon the other brother preached from South Africa. I said I I I went telling the devil God knows me. He knows even what I'm going through. He even knows what I'm thinking now. He knows. He knows me. So you have nothing to tell. I kept telling it to myself and if someone saw me in the way think maybe I was mad because I was talking to myself and laughing. I thinking of God's word. God knows me. I was also getting surprised. I said God knows me. He knows everything. He know he knows even everything that is around me. He knows it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I got encouraged. Amen. Amen. In this journey, when you see your brother getting discouraged, tell them God knows you. Knows your case. He knows when to take you through. He knows what to do. Amen. Amen. Just yield yourself. Hallelujah. Just be obedient. Like we have seen people setting us examples very many that even didn't know what was coming next as the Bible says like as it was in the days of Noah it will be in the last days also maybe reach the point he said Abraham reached at a point 25 Yeah, but God promised. Just believed on that. Just leaned on that. Hallelujah. As I finish, I just want you to take it. I just want you to invest in this internal life. I just want you to take this policy to you yourself and you'll see God moving and you'll see getting some real thing. Aina some things you have not seen them because you have not yielded yourself. May God just help us. May God just help us even in our conditions. that we may just like giving ourselves a is more than able to help us. He's more than able to to fulfill his word. He's obligated to perform his word. Amen. Amen. He is obligated like you're a slave to God. Like like you a slave to God, he's also a slave to his word. Amen. If he promised he meant it. Amen. Amen. Don't take it for granted. I've seen it. I've seen this word changing my life. It has really changed my life. I mean like this lady, the word changed her life. Amen. It changed her life. I saw it changing my life. Sometimes I I I gave up on myself. But I I said, "But God knows me. He knows you. He knows you. [Music] He knows you. As a pastor's coming. He knows you. He knows everything. He knows whatever you're going through. Carry your cross and just follow him. Truly friends, I've seen this word changing my life. I believed it. Even when I failed many times, I failed many times. I said, "But God, you own my life." And that's how we saved me. And he's still doing good works in my life. And he can do the same for you. If he did it for me, if you're yearning for eternal life, if he gave it to our brothers and sisters, He can also give it to you. He can give it to you. Just invest yourself. Amina, invest yourself. Amina as the musicians are also coming. [Music] He knows my name. He knows my thought. He sees each day that fall and [Music] I have a maker. Let us stand. before my [Music] heart. Before even time began, my life was in his hand. I'm glad he knows. my name. Well, Jesus knows. He knows my every thought. He sees each that fall and hears me when I [Music] call. Oh, I have a father. I have a father. [Music] He calls me because his [Applause] heart and never leave me. Never leave me. Oh my way I go. I'm glad he [Music] knows. He knows my name. [Music] in my [Music] every [Music] sing when I call. Let us sing one more time. Oh, he knows enough. Enough. [Music] My [Music] th is [Music] Jes and me when I call. Amen. And may the Lord help us that we might be able to invest our lives. You know friends, um, it's been about 19 years ago when I first heard this message and I knew it was the voice of God for my life and I decided to uh invest my life. I still remember when I I was at that river uh lake bank after I was baptized. I said these words as a prayer in my heart to God. I said God because you have revealed this truth to me and you have made yourself known to me. I am going to uh take this message wherever I will go and I'll preach this message many all to the few and I will I give my life for the purpose of spreading this word. I still believe that each of us can make such a place and you make yourself as an investment into the kingdom of God. This kind of investment is [Music] assured. If you live for the sake of the gospel, you are not going to have a loss. Amen. It's going to be it's going to pay off. Tell your neighbor, it's going to pay off. It's going to pay off. May God help us that we may be able to do the work of God. You know, whatever we do even here, what are we doing? We are investing. Did you know the rapture is actually going on now? now and there are people who are in churches waiting for the rapture but the rapture is going on now. When that moment arrives whatever will happen then will be the culmination the climax of what has already been going on. You don't just get uh you know to reap out of where you have not sold. You have to s first you invest your money and then it is built over a while and then after one year or two years or three years then you reap according to your according to to your seed according to your investment. If you invested much, you harvest much. But in this case, we are going to harvest the rapture. We going to have the eternal life. We are now sewing. That's why we sing that song in the morning. So you see, we are investing overnight time of prayer, Wednesday evening service, Sunday morning, every day out there. The things we say we will not go there, we will not do that, we not Why? Because we investing our life into the kingdom of God. It is not for nothing. It's not for nothing. Tell your neighbor, it's not for nothing. We are going to harvest my God. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Let's give the Lord a clap of praise. And may God give us a burden for lost souls that we might be able to tell them about what the Lord has done in our day. Amen. As brother now comes to lead us in in prayer. Let us sing that little song. The Lord you are greater even greater than me. Oh, sing your [Music] ne. Oh, sing your lift. Oh, sing my angel go away. [Applause] [Music] Come on. Oh, sing your ne. [Music] Oh, sing your desire for [Music] God might sing. [Applause] sing [Applause] against you. I can say come. Oh, sing your praise. Oh come. Oh my god. [Music] [Applause] [Applause] I sing of your sing of your sing of your Same of your great [Music] to say what We [Music] all come. Oh my god. [Music] Oh, come on. Oh, sing on your praise. Oh, come on. Sing your I'm an angel from the way you say Oh, say oh quicky. [Music] [Music] Oh, thank God. You are a [Music] precious God. You are. Oh my [Music] sweet more [Music] beautiful. Nothing I desire compares to you. Nothing I desire. Nothing I desire compares to you. Nothing in this world nothing I desire compared to you creating me a clean heart. Oh Lord, I renew my spirit within me. Create in me. Create in me a clean heart. Oh God, I renew a spirit within me. Creating me, Lord. Let me be a dream. Oh Lord, I renew my spirit within me. Cast me not [Music] away. Not from thy presence. Take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto you the joy of my life. I renew our [Music] eyes. Cast me all the way. Grant me all the way from thy presence. Oh, God. Holy Spirit from me [Music] [Applause] every spirit within me. Cast me all away. Oh, cast me all away from thy presence, oh Lord. Take not thy spirit for me. [Music] resto the joy of my salvation. I renew our spirit within [Music] me a clean heart. Oh Lord, and in you arise spirit within me, oh create in me a clean heart. Oh God. Oh, I in you are right spirit within me. Let me clean up. Oh God, I renew my spirit within me. Cast me not away. Cast me not away from thy presence. Take not thy holy spirit from me. is to me. Oh, the joy of my salvation. I renew my spirit with me. Oh, sing it again. me casting not away from thy presence. Oh Lord, take not thy holy spirit for me. is to me the joy of my salvation. I renew our spirit within. Oh, hallelujah. Begin to speak to him now tonight. Oh, he's here. Tell him call upon his name and in his praises. He says that when you call upon him here and he will answer thee. Oh, surely he is here with us tonight. He's amidst us tonight. Express yourself before him. Hallelujah. The Bible says that come before your throne with boldiness. Oh, it's time now. It's your time now to talk it over with him. Oh hallelujah. Just lift your voice unto the Lord tonight. Tell him. Tell him I hear my Oh Lord. You've called me. I have answer. You've called me. I have come. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Open your heart unto the Lord tonight. Open your mind. Open your heart. And let him enter into your heart. Open your heart. Let him enter in your heart tonight. Let him come in. Let him fill you. Oh hallelujah. Cry to him. Cry to him. Yield yourself to him. Oh, he is Lord with us. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And we see yesterday. He walked with the children of Israel in the wilderness. Oh, hallelujah. He is here with us even tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. He was with them. He led them by the pillar of fire in the night and in the day by the cloud. Oh, he is here with us. His spirit is moving amidst us. Hallelujah. Lord, we thank you. We praise your name. Thank you, Lord Jesus. So you are the same yesterday, today and forever, Lord. You've never changed. You've never failed. You're the same yesterday, today, and forever, Lord. Oh, we believe that you're here with us, Lord. Touch onto our hearts, Lord. Father, and fill us, oh God. Open our hearts. Open our minds tonight, Father. Fill us with your spirit. Fill us with your power. Fill us, Lord Jesus. as you feel them in the on the day of Pentecost, Lord Father, for they were gathered in the upper room, Lord Jesus, praying, Lord, in one accord. Lord Jesus, oh my God, you sent down your spirit, Lord Father, your spirit fell down, Lord Jesus, in power and fill them all Lord Jesus. Now tonight we are gathered here, Lord Father, in one accord, Lord Jesus. Not past time, Father Lord, but we are here that until something happens, we are here in your presence, Lord, Father, that until something happens, Father Lord, that we can't leave, Lord, Father, we believe that we will not live the same, Lord Jesus. We are here not to live the same
