################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-25 - The Proving Grounds: The Battle for Faith and Expectations - Bro. Aaron Oglesby on June 25, 2025 - Aaron Oglesby - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-25
Title:   The Proving Grounds: The Battle for Faith and Expectations - Bro. Aaron Oglesby on June 25, 2025
Speaker: Aaron Oglesby
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=97qePnqQhRs
========================================

[Music] Amen. Bring all our needs to him. Brother Johnny, would you come open the service for us in prayer? Amen. As he comes, if you have a need, whether it's that loved one, maybe a friend, a co-orker, you want to just lift up to the Lord. As brother Johnny prays, that does remind me there's a nurse that I've known for several years now that was just diagnosed with two different types of cancer at the same time. Told her we'd be praying for her. Her name's Carol. Amen. Let's go to the Lord together in prayer tonight. [Music] Let us all bow our heads. Father in the name of Jesus, tonight again we come before your presence thanking you Lord God again for your goodness, grace and mercy for your loving kindness oh Lord for everything oh Lord God that you have done for us what you're doing right now Lord we didn't come tonight oh Lord in any shape fashion or form but only to glorify you only to magnify you only to lift up your holy name for you You are worthy, oh Lord God, of all the praise, all the glory, and all of the honor. For you have done great things, oh Lord God, amongst us. And you're still, oh Lord God, proven yourself time and time again, Lord Jesus, to be, oh Lord God, everything that your word says that you are our healer, our deliverer, our strength, our time of need, our help in times of need. You are our maker, our king. Oh Lord, the passion, oh Lord God, of our souls, oh Lord. Lord, we come Lord God tonight with oh Lord God knees in our hearts. Lord God those that was mentioned across the pull pit here. Those that is in surgery that have come out of surgery. Even those, oh Lord God, that is still battling oh Lord God with different oh Lord God infirmities oh Lord our weaknesses Lord our sisters our brothers oh Lord Lord would you oh Lord Jesus touch them oh Lord for Lord we know without a doubt Father God that you are the one that health all of our diseases and there's nothing oh Lord God that you cannot do so we come tonight Lord God with those requests Even oh Lord as we raised our hands oh Lord of someone oh Lord that we would desire to have here again Lord Jesus we know Lord God without a doubt that you are going to meet those needs for you said in your words oh Lord that you give us our heart's desires and Lord I'm living witness oh Lord that there's times that we don't even have to ask oh Lord Jesus but to have it in our hearts oh Lord Jesus and Lord you bring it oh Lord to manifestation so thank Thank you tonight, Lord God, for this opportunity that you've given unto us to gather here, Lord God, in your name to praise you, Lord God, to lift up the your holy name to glorify you, Lord Jesus, for you are worthy of all of it, oh Lord. Lord, we thank you again tonight. Even those, oh Lord, that are still wrestling with cancer, Lord. Lord, we know that, oh Lord God, before cancer was here, you was here, Lord Jesus. We know Lord God before any sickness was here. You was here Lord Jesus. Lord and we oh Lord God claim it tonight Lord. We claim it tonight Lord Jesus. And we decree oh Lord God. Every promise oh Lord God. Every request oh Lord God. Everything that was spoken tonight we claim it tonight Lord in the name of Jesus. And we believe it done Lord God. We believe it done, Lord Jesus. Lord, and we thank you again. We thank you, Lord God, in advance, oh Lord, for what you are going to do. Help us, oh Lord, to praise you tonight. Help us to glorify you. Help us to lift up your holy name. Lord, tonight in the name of Jesus, we bind every devil, every demon, every defiled spirit, every work of darkness, every spirit that would hinder your will from being performed tonight, from being done tonight. We bind them in the name of Jesus, and we cast them from before our presence. We thank you right now, Lord God, for deliverance, oh Lord. We thank you right now, Lord Jesus, for what you are going to do. We thank you right now Lord Jesus for your goodness and grace for all that you are going to do. Bless this service oh Lord. Bless the word as it come forth. Let it benefit of the purpose of which you were sent it Lord in the name of Jesus tonight. We thank you Lord. We thank you in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Bless you brother. Hallelujah. Amen. Brothers can take up the offering this evening. You don't have to worry. And don't you be afraid. Joy comes in the morning. Troubles, they don't last always. For there's a friend in Jesus who will wipe your tears away. Oh, and if your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say, "Oh, I know that I can make it. Oh, I know that I can stand." And no matter what may come my way, my life is in your with Jesus. Say, with Jesus I can make it. Oh, with him alone I can stay. And no matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. Oh, when your tests and trials, oh, may seem to get you down. [Music] And all your friends and loved ones, they are nowhere to be found. Remember there's a friend in Jesus. Oh, who will wipe your tears away. Oh, and if your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say, "Oh, say I know that I can make it." And I know that I can stand. [Music] Oh, no matter what may come my way, my life is in, with Jesus. Say, with Jesus I can make it. Oh, with him I know I can stay. And no matter what may come my way, oh my life is in. Sing it again. With Jesus, and with Jesus I can make it. And with him alone I can stand. Oh, no matter what may come my way. Hallelujah. You can be seated in your hands. And no matter what, brother Mark may come my way, my life is in your Oh, say it one more time. No matter and no matter what may come my way. My life is in your hands. God bless you. Feel free to join me on this song. [Music] Don't let our praise be empty space. Come abide in this place. Every heart you are transforming. Come and move. Have your glory. Darkness tremble. [Music] Mountains crumble when you draw near to us. You draw near to us. Strongholds breaking, destinies changing. When you draw near to us, you draw near to us. Don't let our praise be empty space. Come abide in this place. Every heart you are transforming. Come and move. Have your glory. Darkness trembles. Mountains crumble. When you draw near to us, you draw near to us. Stronghold breaking, destinies changing when you draw near to us. You draw near to us. Every life can be restored when you fill the room. You fill the room. Oh, angels are at every corner when you fill the room. God fill this room. Oh, everything that's dead comes alive. When you fill the room, God, fill this room. Oh, chains will break and demons will run when you feel the room. God fill the room. Oh, every living thing that be restored when you fill the room. God fill this room. Oh, angels are at every corner. When you feel the room, God, feel this room. Oh, everything that's dead comes alive when you build the room. God, build this room. Chains will break when demons will run when you fill the room. God feel this room. He's in the room. Jesus is here. [Music] He's in the room. Don't let our praise the empty space come abide [Music] in this place. [Music] Every heart you are transforming. Come and have your glory. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. And that's our desire tonight for him to move. Amen. You just say, "Holy [Music] Spirit, you are welcome here, come flood this place and fill the Oh yes, your glory, God, is what our hearts, oh to be overwhelmed. by your presence. Oh holy spirit, you are welcome here. Come flood this place and fill the air. Oh, your glory, God, is what our hearts long for. To be overcome by your presence, Lord. Oh, your presence, Lord. Oh. Oh, I'm expecting anticipating a move of God. A move of God. say, "I'm expecting, anticipating [Applause] a move." Oh, a move of God. Say, "I'm expecting. I'm expecting, anticipating a move of God. a move. Oh, let's all stand and sing. I'm expecting I'm expecting anticipating [Music] a move. Say a move of God. A move. Oh, I'm expecting. I'm expecting, anticipating a move of God. Oh, move. Oh, I'm expecting I'm expecting, anticipating a move of God. Oh, you said it and I believe it. Oh, you said it. Oh, it is done. You said where two or three gather. You said it. Oh, we believe you're here tonight. Father, I believe it. Oh, you said it. It is done. See it again. You said it. You said it. And I believe it. Oh, you said it. And it is to move the immovable. Say, "Move the immovable, break the unbreakable." God we believe. Oh, we believe for it from the impossible. We'll see a miracle. God, we believe. God, we believe from the impossible, from the impossible, we'll see a miracle. God, we believe. God, we believe. Amen. Do you believe for it tonight? Yes. Whatever that it is in your life, whatever situation, whatever need, wherever you stand, you know, we all we all stand in different places with with different with different needs. And the devil would love to come and and try to rob us of our faith or or rob us of our expectations. But tonight, I believe for it. I'm expecting a move of God. not not just in this service, but but in my home, in my family, I'm expecting a a sweep of God to come and take the bride in a rapture. I'm expecting those things because God's word promises it. Amen. Let's talk to him tonight. Father, how we love you, Lord. How grateful we are to have this opportunity to be in your presence, Lord, knowing, Lord, that you are here. Lord, your word declares you're here. And Lord, as we're going to see in the word tonight, you are trustworthy. You can be counted on. Your your word never fails. Lord, we're just thankful tonight that we can have that solid rock to stand upon. Lord, when the world is crumbling, when all around us is crumbling, Lord, sometimes when it seems like our own life might be crumbling, Lord, we can go to the rock that is higher than I. Lord, I just pray tonight that you'll come and anoint our thoughts. Lord, you see what you laid up on my heart and help me to convey it, Father. Lord, help me to convey, Lord, that tonight that time, circumstance, situation, trial, none of that, none of that hinders you, Lord, that you will, Lord, you will come and back up your word in every situation. Speak now, I pray, Father, as we look into your word, may you have your way. We commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. It's good to be in the house of God tonight, isn't it? Amen. Amen. And if you'll turn with me in the Bibles to in your Bible to second Peter 3 and9. Second Peter 3 and9. And we spoke last time on the proving grounds. And we're going to kind of continue that uh a little bit tonight just in a different different avenue looking at it. We're going to speak on the proving grounds. The battle for faith and expectation. The battle for faith and expectation. says here in second Peter 3:9, it says, "The Lord is not slack concerning his promise as some men count slackness, but is longsuffering to usward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance." He is he is not slack. In other words, brother Aaron, why are we still here? Because he's not willing that any should perish. How many of you got loved ones that's still out there that you're claiming? That's why we're still here. That's why we're still here. He's not willing that any should perish and and and he's not slack concerning his promises. It's not that he's forgotten. We're not still here because oh, he he's forgotten us. No, it's just the opposite. He he he's full of grace and mercy and he's making sure that everyone has every possible opportunity to be in. Amen. And we also want to read from from Luke 18:8. And Jesus says this. He says, "I tell you that he will avenge them speedily, nevertheless, when the son of man cometh shall he find faith on the earth." Amen. I pray that the Lord will add his blessings to the reading of the word as you have your seats tonight. I want to go back to this this quote that we read last week and and kind of emphasize part of it where he says that the cloudy skies and storms of life are no signs of God's disapproval. And I'm very thankful for that tonight because we have plenty of cloudy skies and plenty of storms of life. Amen. But he says neither are bright skies and and still waves signs of his love and approval. His approval of any of us is only in the beloved. His love is elective which he had for us before the foundation of the world. Does he love us? Ah yes. But how shall we know? We shall know because he said so. And we really anchored on that last week that no matter what's going on, he said so. He said he loves me. And so I can take that to the bank. He says and he manifested that he did love us for he brought us to himself and gave us of his spirit placing us as sons. And now this is kind of more where we're going to spend tonight's service. And how shall I prove my love to him? By believing what he said. How are you going to prove your love to him tonight? By believing, by not doubting, by not backing off the promises that you claim that for your children, for yourself, for your home. Um, just don't back off. Lord, I believe. You said it. I believe it. Amen. That's how we prove it. And he says, "By believing what he said and by conducting myself with joy amidst the trials that he in his wisdoms allow to come to pass." Amen. So, as we begin looking at this tonight, we're talking about the battle for faith and and and expectation. And you know, there's things that each of us desire. And the things I'm desiring tonight may not be exactly what you're desiring. Maybe you need a closer walk. Maybe you're seeking the Holy Ghost. Maybe you need healing. Maybe you you want to see a resto a loved one restored to the house of God as brother Mike talked about. And whatever it may be, I just want to ask you tonight, are you merely wanting and longing for it or are you expecting it? Because there is a big difference. Or are you just wanting that? Are you just hoping that it'll come to pass? Or are you expecting it to come to pass tonight? Amen. Because I believe that we we've been taught by the prophet that you get what you expect. It's not that you get what you hope for and you get what you know you really maybe this will work out, but we get what we expect. And and I'm thankful that we had a prophet in this day that come and and taught us and we're privileged people um to to be to have been the recipients of this message and we're a people that have had the opportunity to to hear the message of restoration in the last day. That makes us a privileged people. There's been a message of restoration and not only have we have we heard it. There was a lot of people that heard it, but we heard it and it turned our hearts. Amen. I'm so thankful tonight to be able to say our hearts have been turned back to the faith of the original fathers. And it's a message to restore the word that had been lost down through the ages. And and you're well taught. You you understand how that down through the dark ages that that truths were lost. And the scripture tells us that the palmer worm and the locust and the cankerworm and the caterpillar had eaten away the truths of the word. Amen. And God's people were being starved of the truth. But he tells us in Joel 2 that the floors will once again be full of wheat and that you shall eat in plenty. Amen. But because all the years, all the truths, all the dynamics, all that had been lost, all these things were going to be restored. Amen. I believe we can stand here tonight and say that's been fulfilled that that the message of restoration has come and that the floors are covered in wheat. What What do you mean by that, brother Aaron? We're not starving for truth tonight. Amen. We eat well. Amen. God has given us a seven course meal and he's he's poured out his word and he's revealed his word and you don't have to beg for it. But tonight, he's just saying come and eat. Amen. From my table. Amen. Amen. Joel 2:26, he says, "And ye shall eat in plenty." Listen, if you're not eating, that's not his problem. He has given it to you. He has supplied it. You You get it in the house of God. You get it on tape. He made sure that the voice came in a time where it could be recorded. You can eat in plenty tonight. Amen. He says, "And be satisfied and praise the name of the Lord your God that hath dealt wondrously with you, and my people shall never be ashamed." I I love that so much. My people shall never be ashamed. Listen, you don't have to worry about getting left holding the bag, as it were. You You don't have to have to worry about about whether or not this is the truth. He is going to back you up. Amen. The word says he heals. He heals. You can testify of his healing. It's not up to us to worry about how it turns out. I'm just going to testify. He said it. He said, "I'll never be ashamed." He said, "I'll never have to back off of." He said he saves and he saves. He says he fills with the Holy Ghost. Then he fills with the Holy Ghost. Amen. His people will never be ashamed. You don't have to worry about him not coming through. Brother Aaron, I'm in a tough spot. You don't have to worry about him not coming through. Life's been hard. I've been down. I don't know what's going to happen. You don't have to worry about him not coming through for you tonight. Amen. You aren't going to have anything to be ashamed of if you're standing on the word tonight. Amen. Just stand on the word and be satisfied and praise the name of the Lord who hath dealt wondrously with you and my people shall never be ashamed. I can testify tonight, he has dealt wondrously with me when I didn't deserve it. He dealt wondrously with me when I was going the wrong way. He dealt wondrously with me in my trials and in my struggles and in my heartaches. He has dealt wondrously with me. Amen. Amen. He said, "I will restore." And he promises in Malachi 4 that he would send Elijah for that restoration. And he's done it. And you tonight are a part of that restoration. And I say again, what a privileged people we are. Don't ever lose sight of that. Don't ever let this just be a tradition. I I just go to Evening Light Tabernacle. I was raised in the message. Brother Brandham was a prophet. Listen, you are a part of the promised restoration of the last days. You are a part. Don't ever think, "Oh, woe is me and little me and these people are this." Listen, you are a part of the restoration tonight. Hallelujah. God had you in mind when he said, "I will restore." Thank you. Thank you, Lord Jesus. I think it's wonderful how God operates because he doesn't expect us to do things on our own, but he provides what he requires. In other words, he he required a life because of the fall, and he said, "But I'll give mine." He he provides what he requires. He he openly expresses the question of of whether he would find faith upon the earth. And it's an important question because we know according to Hebrews 11 that without faith it's impossible to please God. So without faith we can't please God. He's saying will I find faith when I return? And then he makes sure that he would find faith upon the earth by sending a message of restoration to restore the word and turn our hearts back to faith again. He says, "I will I find faith?" And then he makes sure that the answer to his own question is yes, I will. I'm going to send a message that's going to turn their hearts back to faith. There's been a lot of doubt. There's been a lot of defeat. There's been a lot of false doctrine. Will I find faith? Oh yes, I will because I'm going to send the very message that they need to make sure that faith is present in their hearts. Amen. Church, we we we haven't followed cunningly devised fables. All this is is a turn back to the original. It's just a turn back to to the original word. You don't have to worry about being ashamed. You don't have to worry about it being wrong. This message is vindicated and it's manifested itself as truth over and over again. And now it's manifested in a people. It's manifested in a people and it's materialized and eventually it's going to materialize into a body change. It's going to materialize into a rapture. He says, "My people shall never be ashamed." Amen. If you think about it, you know, we live in a time where the religious world has drifted so far from the truth that the truth looks like error to them. It's gone so far away. Listen, young people, old people, adults, whoever you are, get into your Bibles and get into the message and see for yourself. We aren't preaching something that came from William Bran. We aren't preaching the message of a seventh grade Kuckian. You can find everything that we believe and that we preach right here in this Bible. This is the absolute word of God. And there were truths out of it that were lost. There was mysteries in it that couldn't be understood. And God sent a prophet to reveal those things to us that were here all along. Listen, there's nothing in here, nothing in the message that can't be proven by this Bible. It's It's not, well, my church believes and mommy and daddy teaches. It's what the Bible teaches. It's the word of God, and it's been restored to us completely in this day. But but the church had drifted so far that it took the ministry of Malachi 4 to restore the truth. A a and it's so far from the ideas of men. It's so far from the ideas of the church world that it's deemed a fable. Think about it. The truth is deemed a fable and the fables are deemed the truth. You're called a cult and yet the Roman Catholic Church walks around worshiping a man. Think about how twisted the minds of the world has become. He came into the world in flesh 2,000 years ago and he was rejected because their expectations were wrong. And he came in this day in a word coming and the church world knew him not. He came to his own to those who who had been part of the early stages of restoration and they received him not. But to those who have received it, to those who have received him, he gives power to be the sons and daughters of God. He gives power to be the overcomers of the age. He gives power to cast down the lie of the enemy. Listen, why aren't you out there? Why aren't you insane like the rest of the world? You've been given power to cast down the lie. Listen, you can't you you you can't receive the lie unless you cast down the truth. then you can't receive the truth unless you cast down the lie. But thank God that those of us that have heard the voice to him that hath an ear, we've been given overcoming power in this day to cast down the lie of the enemy. Hallelujah. We are once again operating in the faith. The faith that Jude spoke of. He's very clear. He says you you must contend for the faith that was once delivered. And once again, we're operating in that faith. And with the restoration of faith came a renewed expectation. A renewed expectation for how God would move and how God would fulfill his word. Brother Brandham says it like this. He says, "Expectation usually is based upon faith." You have to have faith before you can expect anything. You have to have faith before you can expect anything. Listen, evening like tabernacle, regardless of what you're going through right now, our expectations tonight should be higher than ever before. Our expectations tonight should be higher than they were yesterday and higher than they were last Wednesday. Our expectations should not be getting lower and lower, but look around and see each and every day. Look, I don't know about you, but every single day I look out in the world and I say, "My prophet was a true prophet. My prophet told the truth." As I see the world just go deeper and deeper and deeper into insanity. As I see things coming to pass, I say, "This was a true prophet. My expectations are going higher." Expectations for what, brother Aaron? For all of it. For everything that were promised. for your healing, for the restoration of your family, for the Holy Ghost, for our services. My expectation are getting higher. Not less and less and less, but more and more and more. I'm expecting more of the miraculous, more of the supernatural, listen, it just makes sense. The body change, the rapture is going to be the greatest divine healing that's ever taken place, the most giant divine healing. And yet we're going to be in a decline of the supernatural leading up to that moment with people wondering, "Does God still heal? Does God still do the supernatural?" And then all of a sudden, no, the trajectory is going to be just the opposite. There's going to be more power, more supernatural, more overcoming, more lives changed, more people healed, more people filled with the Holy Ghost, more power of God in the church. And then the sweep is going to come over and our bodies are going to be changed and we're going to the meeting in the air. That's my expectations tonight. Hallelujah. Expectations that are anchored in the word. Brother Brandon would say that the church is built high because it's got high anticipations and expectations. He says it has ambitions to go higher and farther. It isn't satisfied where it is. Listen, wherever you're at tonight, I want to encourage you. Don't be satisfied where you are. You've come out. I'm thankful you've come out. You've taken steps with God. I'm thankful for that. You've been filled with the Holy Spirit. I'm thankful for that. But don't stop right there with a one and done. But say, "Tonight, Lord, I need more of you. I want to go higher. I want to go deeper. I need your spirit all in my flesh, Lord. All in my spirit, all in my soul. I want to be consumed by you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Not satisfied with the status quo of just being a church member, but our ambitions and our expectations are built upon the highest peak. Brother Brown said, the most solid rock, Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. He tells us that you can never go above your expectations. Think about that. You can never go above your expectations. So don't be expecting to be a failure. You'll never rise above it. Don't be expecting to just barely make it in. You'll never rise above it. I always say, aim really, really, really, really high for the highest of stars. And if you just fall a little bit short, you're still up there. Lord, I want to be the greatest Christian you called me to be. I'm going to overcome every devil. I'm going to take a rapture. I'm going to be a perfect example of a Christian. Oh, you think so, brother Aaron? That's going to be my expectation. And if I fall just a little bit short, his grace will make up the difference. His grace will make up the difference. But I'm not going to aim low and say I can't and I can't and I'm a nobody. But Jesus, through your blood, through the blood of the lamb, through the perfect sacrifice, I'm aiming to be an overcomer of the age tonight. That's my expectation. I choose to trust tonight for all that I have need of. I'm setting my expectations high. Hallelujah. We've been restored to the faith and we've also had our expectations restored. We were called out. I mean, you think about it. the condition of the church coming through maybe the 1800s in the early 1900s dead and formal and cold and and maybe God didn't do the things that he had done before but it wasn't because God wouldn't but it's because it wasn't the expectation of the people but through a supernatural ministry in this day we begin to see God does those things God moves that way we were called out of dead creeds and we were called above a Sunday and a They religion. We were called into a place where all things are possible. Where you at tonight? What depression is trying to take a hold of your life tonight? Trying to rob you of your joy. I'm telling you, you're in a place where all things are possible. I'm telling you, you're in a place tonight where I would set my expectations that this thing can't hold me. This thing will not destroy me. This lie, the enemy is not taking me down. I will not be brought down to hell. But my expectation tonight is that I'm going to rise above it. I'm going to be healed. I'm going to be delivered. I'm going to be filled fresh and new again in the house of God. All things are possible. Hallelujah. Once again. Once again, because of this message, we believed in the supernatural. Once again, we expected the miraculous. We expected the rapture any day. Amen. Many of you who've been believing for many years, who've been around since back at the the early days, we'll call it, of the message, you never thought we'd be here. You never thought we'd be here. Me as a kid, I never thought I'd be here. You know, you have those very very carnal but things and I'm sure a lot of the kids will understand, maybe you remember of I want to get my driver's license. I want to do things. I want to get married before the Lord comes. And why'd you have those thoughts? Because you didn't expect to be here. You didn't you thought we was going to be gone. And as carnal people, we have carnal thoughts. Sometimes those things are silly and and can't compare at all to the the glory of what's in store for us. But we didn't think we'd be here. Many many of us have heard since birth, Jesus is coming any day. This California is going to sink in the ocean. There's going to be a woman rise in power. We've heard of driverless cars. And truly, many of those things have happened and are happening. Just bear with me for a minute where I'm going with this. And early on in in the message, even I can remember it as a kid, there was there was a great excitement. There was a clarity and a focus on his coming. There was a clarity and a focus and an expectation. And I'm going to use the word terry later on tonight in a positive way because the disciples were told to tar until they were dued with power from on high. But in this situation, it seems like a lot of people have gotten more focused on the carrying than the leaving. And that the cares of life have overwhelmed many of us. And I would say that in this place tonight, if there's anybody, and God have mercy, I don't believe it, but if there's anybody going to miss it, it's not you're not going to miss it because you're out in a crack house somewhere or in a bar somewhere drunk or living a life full of sin. You'll miss it because of the snare of the cares of life. Brother Brandham said, "Easy living was a snare in this day. But I can remember the the the passion and the excitement and the and and the focus on his coming. The you the prophet had been here. The seals were open. The word was restored. Any day now. Any day now. And here we stand. Here we stand waiting. And the question echoes down through time. Will I find faith? Will I find faith? Because see, he's not coming back looking for faith that last a year. He's not coming back looking for fiveyear faith. He isn't looking for revival faith that fades when the special meeting ends. He is he he's not looking for human faith. He's looking for his own faith that he deposited. It's an eternal faith. Faith that is time-t tested and faith that'll hold in the trials. Faith that'll hold in the testing. He's looking for faith that operates the promises. He's not just looking for faith that says, "I believe." But he's looking for faith that manifests Jesus to a dying world. He's looking for faith that says John 14:12 is for us. The works that he did shall we do also. He's looking for faith that cast out devils, that lays hands on the sick. He's looking for faith that leads to overcoming lies. It's his faith. It's timeested faith. Faith that manifest Christ in a bride body and faith that stands even in the waiting. Faith that stands in the waiting. Brother Brown says he's looking for timeested memorials. people that thought he was coming 40 years ago, but they're still here, still standing, still fighting, not wavering, but going, "I know he's coming. He's still coming. He said it, and I believe it." Amen. There's my servant. I've tested him. I've tried him. I've put him through like Job. He still proves 100%. God be merciful to us that we can take God at his word. Notice it doesn't say anything about time. Just take God at his word and be timetested memorials. Not for 10 years. Time tested no matter how long it takes. He said, "But he's got a church that's tested. Went through the trials, through the losses, through sickness, through sorrow, through death, and still standing with a testimony. Amen. Listen, he couldn't come back then. There was many of us wouldn't have even been there. But not only that, he didn't just want to pull us out before things got hot. He wanted a time-t tested memorial. A faith that would stand in death. A faith that would stand in sorrow and stand in sickness. Stand when friends walk away and still stand with a testimony. I believe God's word no matter what. It's a battle for faith and expectation. He says, "That's the man." Yes, that's the man he's looking for. I don't care if you're a popper. I don't care if you're a beggar. I don't care if you're a rag picker. Whatever you are, God puts the test to you. He's looking for timetested material. That's what he's looking for. That's who he's looking for tonight. Not here today, gone tomorrow, up and down, in and out, on the mountaintop today, struggling tomorrow, but someone who passes the test. What's that mean? That means the tests are coming. Your faith will be tested. Your expectations will be tested. But that faith that he deposited in you will hold. That faith will hold because it's eternal faith living in in in eternal time-tested material. That's what you are. Timeested material. Something that'll hold in the waiting. Many people you hear, "Why are we still here? What's going on? Did we get it right? I I so believe we'd be gone by now. Everything seems so shook up." And I thought this would have happened by now and I thought that would have happened and but I thought there's a whole lot of I thought the prophet leaves the scene. The word is open. We got the pillar of fire. We're excited. We're ready. But then in that time as we're waiting, we start trying to figure it all out because time and we have time and we look at it this way and we look at it that way and we we try to piece it here and we think it's definitely going to be like this and it's definitely going to be like that. And what you do when you start doing those things is you set yourself up for disappointment. You begin trying to figure it out and and time begins to pass and 1977 comes and it's been 12 years since he since the surely surely this is it. And then 1999 comes and it's been 34 years. Surely surely. And then 2025 going on 60 years. Let me remind you, for the vision is yet for an appointed time, but at the end it shall speak and not lie. Though it tar, wait for it, because it will surely come, it will not tear. The word of God will be made manifest. The word of God is going to come to pass no matter what. Amen. One thing as I began looking into this thought that kept popping up was the word suddenly. And I want to bring that to our attention as we go on just in a few places because as time passes, we begin trying to figure things out in our mind. And we begin to piece things together, fitting this here and fitting this and how it's going to be. And and then time drags on and on and it may be a long time. It may be a thousand years. It may be 60 years like we are. And our expectations begin to change. You watch people, you watch history, you watch the Jews, you watch the church. And the longer the time goes on, the expectations begin to lower and people begin to get lax and people begin to relax. But then suddenly fulfillment. Suddenly it happens like that. Suddenly and when fulfillment comes even though it happens like that we we can't say that it was without warning. Even if the warning came a hundred years ago or a thousand years ago, if he said it was going to happen, that was your warning. That was the warning. That was his word. And you know his word is true and you know it's going to come to pass. But everything's going to wrap up suddenly. Brother Aaron Le, see it's going on longer than I thought it would. Don't worry, it's going to end suddenly when you least expect it. on just another day when you're getting up to go to work, you're getting up to go to school, you're getting up on a Sunday, suddenly it happens. Mark 13:35, "Watch ye therefore, for you know not when the master of the house cometh at even or at midnight or at the crowing or in the morning less coming." Suddenly he find you sleeping. And what I say unto you, I say unto all. Watch. What is this? This is an expectation. You don't watch for things that you're not expecting. You don't look down the driveway for somebody you're not expecting to come. Why? Why? Why' the daddy see the prodal coming down the road so many miles away? Why was he looking down the road? He was expecting him. He was expecting the fulfillment of the promise. That's what watch is here. Be expecting. Be watching because I'm coming suddenly. Watch. Expect. It goes hand in hand. But if you're expecting it, then you'll be watching for it and you'll recognize it and you won't be caught unaware. Amen. First thing you have to have is expectations for God to fulfill his word. If you're going to get anything from God, you got to have expectations. Think about it like this. In the days of Jesus, why didn't anybody else see the star? Why did nobody else see the star? Why just the wise men? Brother Brandham tells us, he said, because the wise men was looking for it. He says they were expecting it. It had been a thousand years since Balam's prophecy, and yet they were still looking for it. Maybe others looked for a while. Maybe others watched for a hundred years. Maybe others watched for 200 years. Maybe people studied with them for a long, long time. But they watched all the way until fulfillment. Listen, following this message is good, but following it to right now ain't good enough. Following it for 20 years ain't good enough. Saying, "I believe a prophet ain't good enough." You got to follow it with your whole heart all the way to the fulfillment. All the way to the rapture. It's not time to get laxed. It's not time to relax. It's not time to step back and back off your expectations. But let your expectations go higher tonight. Maybe others expectations faded due to the passage of time, but suddenly there was a star. And as time passes, we're in danger of our expectations changing. The devil doesn't have to get you to recant. The devil doesn't have to get you to renounce. He only has to get you to relax. He only has to get you to relax. He only has to get you to expecting the wrong things and putting your faith in the wrong places to get you to miss it. Time-t tested people with time-t tested faith. So don't let it concern you when we have to wait. Be expecting. We're going to be tried to see if we will back off or lower our expectations or if we'll even allow, and this is one that I think a lot of people deal with, but if we'll even allow our own expectations that we have created in our own mind to challenge our faith. Think about expectations that that we create for how God is going to deliver me. Expectations that we create of how God's going to wrap this all up and expectations for how God heals or when God heals. And we start grasping at things when we go through trials. We start grasping at at things and and we see a little glimpse of something and we say, "Oh, this is it." And God's moving and and and this is setting up perfect and and there's just no way that God isn't in this. and and and and the way it's all lined up and the way we were all here and and then this happened and that happened and it couldn't be a coincidence. this is God and he's going to do it just like this. And then it doesn't happen and people are shook and people but I thought God that was your own expectation of how God was going to do it of how God was going to move of how he was going to work. And we allow it to shake us. And we find people do this every time there's a conflict in the Middle East. every time. This is it. This is it. This is the one we've been waiting on. And you just watch. Now, Russia's going to come and they're going to join with this and there's this article and there's this and now they're going to go for the oil and get ready and then there's a peace treaty. And it's okay. There's nothing wrong with watching those things because those things are going to happen and it will be a true fulfillment. But what happens is people begin to build up, build up, build up, and they get on pins and needles with great expectation. And then what happens when there's a ceasefire or whatever is they relax. What I'm saying is is don't ever relax. Live on pins and needles. Live in expectation. Live like you just heard that they're invading Israel and the war is happening every single day. Live like he's coming tomorrow. Don't relax. Don't let your expectations come down. Keep them at that place. Keep them there. Because it's in that relaxing where the devil comes in. It's in that relaxing where he begins to move and and come in and sew doubt. But people put so much on it and they build it up and then a lull happens. Well, that wasn't it. And they let their guards down. Quit trying to figure everything out and let it happen. God says it's going to happen. God says I'm going to have a church without spot or wrinkle. God says there's going to be a rapture. God says there's going to be a body change. How's it going to happen, brother? And don't know, don't care. Just want to be ready. Just want to have my heart bright. Want to have my soul right? Want to be living every day looking for his appearing. I don't have to figure it all out. God said it would happen. The word said it would happen. California's been prophesied to sink. It's going to happen. America prophesied to be destroyed. She will be. All nations are prophesied to get together against Israel and they will. The word says the bride will have a rapture and she will. Does not matter how long it takes. Does not matter if it's in the next year or the five or the 10. Doesn't matter. It's going to take place. Hallelujah. Doesn't matter how long ago the prophecies were given. And I know young people deal with this sometimes. Well, brother Bram said this and it's been 60 years. Doesn't matter. Well, that they said this and it's been this many years. It doesn't matter how long ago the prophecy was given. Doesn't matter how long the prophet's been gone. Time tested faith. Quit going up and down with your own ideas of how it will be and and how it's all going to work out and just live ready. Just live ready. Just live expecting. Live life as if he's coming tonight because he may. Listen, if he came today, there's nothing he would have to explain to you. Well, brother, but but but but I thought this was going to happen. I thought, listen, if he came today, we've had enough warning. We've had a prophet that said, "Throw down your whly bag of peanuts and get on the train." We've had a prophet tell us to be watching. Be ready. Get your lambs trim trimmed and clear. He doesn't owe you an explanation. He said, "I'm coming." And he's coming. Be ready for that coming tonight. Have your expectations ready. It was the It was the piecing together and the figuring out in the times of waiting that caused the Jews to miss it so bad. Their expectations got off because they had it all figured out. Malachi 3:1, "Behold, I send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way before me, and the Lord whom you seek shall suddenly come to his temple. even the messenger of the covenant whom ye delight in. Behold, he shall come, sayeth the Lord of hosts. It had been 400 years since Israel's last prophet, Malachi. And see, the danger lies in in what we might call the lol or the or or the interval between the prophecy and the fulfillment, the time between. See, prophets see way out. They see way out because they rise up to a higher plane and they're able to see it as if it's happening right now. And then they prophesy under the urgency of it. And so the people that hear it hear the urgency, feel the urgency. Oh, this is it. Think about it. He will suddenly come to his temple generation after generation after generation after generation. He ain't showed up yet. But listen to brother Brown explain how a prophet works. He says a prophet foresees way off see the things that is coming. He sees the cup of God's wrath full before it is filled. He can say thus sayeth the Lord, God will destroy this city except you repent. Why? He's an eagle. He rides way in yonder. See, and he looks way off there and he sees that cup of wrath poured out. That's what the prophet's looking at. He ain't looking what's going on here. He's looking yonder. He's saying it's coming. He can go so high till he can see that shade. He says the world will be dark. Darkness and gross darkness. He's up high enough. The sun's shining now, but he sees the shade coming. And he's saying what he's looking at. It ain't here yet. But it'll sure be here. That's right. It's going to be here. Gross darkness upon the people. He knows it's coming years away. Yet he sees it. He says the prophet's only looking off and seeing something. He's talking about what he's looking at. He ain't thinking about here and what you look like now. He's looking. It's he's looking what's going to be. And when he speaks that, if it's in the word of Lord, it's already been spoke. There's nothing in the world can stop it. You see, that's right. Only God himself. And under that urgency, it's received and the people are expecting it to happen. Just like I was talking about back in the early days of the message, there was an urgency. There was a focus. Oh, it's going to happen. And they receive that. But then as time goes on, they begin to question the validity of it. Or maybe he meant this. Maybe it's going to happen like this instead. Think about Sarah. Maybe Abraham, he wants it to be fulfilled this way. Here, just just just take my handmade. Do it like this instead of just taking your hands off and trusting, keeping your expectations where they're supposed to be. Malachi is 400 years out and he's prophesying of the forerunner and of the Lord coming suddenly and 400 years later they're like maybe Malachi got it mixed up. I mean it's been 400 years suddenly. But then suddenly John the Baptist comes walking out of the wilderness. The forerunner that had been prophesied a wild man. Think about it. A wild man hadn't been seen since he was 9 years old. hadn't been seen. He comes out and he's he he's he's eating locust and he's dressed in camel hair preaching on the muddy banks of the Jordan. Repent. You must repent. And they're thinking, "No, this ain't what this ain't what Malachi was talking about. Matter of fact, they didn't even give it no heed." Their expectations were in the wrong place. And so, it completely causes them to miss it. And they don't recognize him as the forerunner because it isn't what they were looking for. It isn't what they were expecting and yet it was still fulfillment. Recognize something. Just because you miss it, just because you don't understand it, just because you can't place it, doesn't mean it hasn't been fulfilled. Doesn't mean it's not the fulfillment that God had in mind. The interval doesn't matter. It didn't matter that it had been 400 years. The time doesn't matter. How long we have to wait for the prophecies of this last day messenger to come to pass does not matter. If a vindicated prophet spoke it, it's going to happen. If it's in the Bible, it's going to happen. What I'm showing you, I'm going to show you more. Long periods between the prophecy and the fulfillment are scriptural. They're normal. Matter of fact, that's normally how it goes. Don't let that change your expectation. Don't let your ideas become your expectations. Here's your expectations. Amen. It's all in here. He's going to come as a thief in the night. He's going to catch his bride away. Oh yes, Lord. He didn't say when. That's okay. I'm going to live ready. I'm going to live ready because he promised that he's coming. He's promised that he's coming back. So don't let your own ideas become your expectations, but keep your eyes on the promise. Look at Isaiah 7:14. Therefore, the Lord himself shall give you a sign. Behold, a virgin shall conceive and bear a son, and shall call his name Emmanuel. How many years before? 700. 700 years before the birth of Christ, Isaiah prophesies this. But what's amazing to me is these people knew the scrolls better than anybody. They knew the word better than anybody. I I I don't know if it's truth or not, but they was said they could take a scroll and roll it up and stick a needle through it and tell you every word that it passed through. They knew it inside and out. There's no chance that they didn't know this scripture. No chance. They knew this scripture. They knew a virgin was supposed to conceive. They were told. And yet, when it comes to pass, they act like it's nonsense. I can show them serpent seed in the Bible and yet they act like it's nonsense. You can show them predestination in the Bible and they act like it's nonsense even though it says it plainly. You can show them godhead in the Bible plainly and they act like it's nonsense. I'll never forget explaining it to a good friend of mine one time on the Godhead and you know that everything I believed on it. I say everything. It was like a three minute summary. So, it was brief, but just the best I could sum it up. And And he sat there and he stared at me for a minute and he literally went just like that at me. And I was like, I'm not sure if he caught a revelation or he thinks I've lost my mind. It was the second one. Thought I'd lost my mind. They could see it in the word, but they couldn't see it. It was so plain. They acted as if it was blasphemy. They knew the word so well. They knew this verse. Then why could they not accept the virgin birth? Because over time they had replaced the word with their ideas of fulfillment. This is how it's going to be. This is how he's going to come. This is how it's all going to go. And brother Brandham says, "Israel asked for a mighty king. They wanted a king to deliver them. That's what they expected. God to send to them was a king to deliver them. A mighty king that would march like David. The son of David would rise up, come down the corridors of heaven, walk down to the earth in a full angel salute. And the father would look out of heaven and say, "I'm sending you, sending down to you now the Messiah." And they had it all fixed up. That's the way he was supposed to come. But what did they get? They got a baby instead of a mighty king. A baby born in a little stable, the side of a hillside, a little cave stable with straw and the manure from the animals and a baby. But it was the answer to their prayers. He says he was exactly what they needed. You ever been in that situation? You pray and you pray and pray and the Lord send you something. You're like, "What are you doing?" Maybe you don't talk to him like that. I'm sorry. That was more the way we might talk to each other. But why'd you send me that, Lord? That's not what I asked for. He says, 'I ain't worried about what you asked for. I know what you need. I know better than you know what you need. He says, but they wanted it in their own way. They want it the way they thought was best, but God knows how to send it the way he knows is best because he's an infinite God, and he knows just how to send it. He knows your needs. Tonight, listen. Let's just stop for a minute. I don't know what you're going through. I don't know the struggle. I don't know the trial. You may be in the deepest, darkest moments of your life. He knows your needs. He knows how to bring it to you. He knows how to find you in a service. He knows what you're struggling with at home. He knows. He sees the tears on your pillow at night. He knows how to find you tonight. And he says, "I'm sending you what you have need of." So I say, just open up your heart and accept it. Say, "Yes, Lord. I receive it tonight because you know better than me. I receive what you're sending me tonight, Lord. But the trouble of it is because it don't come the way you think it ought to come. Then you're all discouraged and you hand it back to him. Let's ask him and believe that he will send it just the way he wants to send it and accept it upon the basis. That's right. See one more. He says they got a manger. So what did they do? Had this little babe in a manger. What was that? The mighty king. They refused him. Yes, sir. Why? He didn't come the way they expected him to come. I'm trying to drill this into you tonight. It don't matter what you how you're expecting him to come. Your expectations are to be grounded in the word of God tonight. That's where we're to ground it. And friends, you might think that was a horrible thing, but you know, we're guilty of the same thing. We're guilty of the same thing. We ask God for things and then we walk around. If he don't just pour something on us and give us something that we think we ought to have, then we just hand it back. Don't do that. Ask him. Stay right with it. Yes, sir. Hold on to it. If you know that it's real. Amen. They wanted a king. They wanted a deliverer. They wanted a mighty general. And I say they got all of those things. They got the greatest king. They got the mighty conqueror. They got the captain of the Lord's host. And yet they could not recognize it. Why? Because they expected a messiah to be different. But he come according to the scripture, but it wasn't according to their theology. And you know, I believe if he would come tonight, it would be alltogether different. Watch this now. Alltogether different than what we've got it figured out. He will come. Oh, but we're in the message, brother. I've had a lot of things figured out as a message believer that turned out I didn't have figured out. He says, "He will come. He'll always do it, but yet it's straight with the scripture." Let me encourage you again. Get into your Bibles. Get into your Bibles tonight. They couldn't accept the fulfillment because of the way it was happening. But think about this as we're going to be begin to turn this towards home. Because I'm talking about us and our expectations and how long we've been here and we didn't think we would be here, but we thought we'd be gone. And I don't want our expectations to change in the waiting. I don't want us to lower our faith in the waiting that they were in it. They were in it and yet they were looking for it. They were in the coming of the Lord and yet still wondering where it was. We We knew him. He He played with our children. We knew him at We knew him as a teenager. It couldn't be him. And remember, it wasn't just unbelievers struggling to to get their expectations right. It isn't just the Pharisees and the Sadducees. The disciples have their expectations all messed up. Theirs are all messed up. They they got it in their heads exactly how it's going to go and but they can never seem to grasp what's really happening. Well, we're following the Messiah. This is amazing. He's going to conquer. We're the only ones following this truth. And then John dies and then Jesus dies and they're shook. They become disillusioned and they become disappointed and some leave and head off towards Emmas. Why? Why? But we trusted that it had been he which should have redeemed Israel. He didn't do what they thought he'd do. We we thought this and and beside all this, today's the third day since these things were done. And certain women also of our company made us astonished which were early at the supplr. They said they seen him rise. but because it had not turned out the way they thought it should in their mind, in their opinion, according to their understanding, and yet it had all gone perfectly with the scriptures. It had all lined up purpos perfectly. As they walk along, he comes out and he joins them and he begins to talk with them and he he begins to act as if he doesn't know why they're troubled. What what's got you down? Why are you upset? And they they lay it all out to him. Are you a stranger in these parts? they say. And they begin to talk to him about it and they lay it out and we thought and and we thought and we thought, but then this happened. And now some are claiming he's alive. And you know what he does? He rebukes them. He rebukes them for not recognizing it all foretold in the scripture. If you'd have just been paying attention to the scripture instead of what you'd been taught in the synagogue, instead of what daddy thought and what this priest thought, if you'd have just been paying attention to the scripture, you would have known all this was going to happen. You would have known. Prophets all through the Old Testament had prophesied exactly what would happen. But they had their own idea. And he says to him, then he said unto them, "Oh fools and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets had spoken. Ought not Christ who have suffered these things and entered into his glory?" In other words, the crucifixion should not have done anything to hinder their belief. If anything, the suffering and the slander and the crucifixion was actually proof of who he was. Amen. Let's bring that forward into our own day. I'm telling you today that the slander and the persecution and the trials and the wars and the evil, it doesn't hinder our belief. If anything, it doesn't change our expectations. It shouldn't make us worry and doubt, but it's vindication. This is the truth. He says, "Perilous time shall come and they're here. Scoffers shall arise and they're here." Men will say, "The Lord hath delayed his coming. There will be a great falling away." Yes, Lord. We're right on schedule. We're right here lining up with the scriptures exactly how it said it would be. But even the disciples after the resurrection, they're asking him, think about this. They've been with him. He's resurrected. They're gathered with him again. And they say, "Now, will you restore the kingdom?" They still don't know what's going on. Now, will you do what we thought you were going to do all along? Now, will you confirm our thinking? And he says in Acts one, "And being assembled together with them, he commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father, which saith he, you have heard of me. For John truly baptized with water, but you shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence he's laying out." This is what it's about. Your friends are being endued with power. Your friends have deity living on the inside of you. And watch them. Watch them. When they therefore were come together, they asked of him, saying, Lord, will thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel? He's pointing them here. And they're going, "What about this? What about this kingdom thing? What about the Romans?" And watch him gently. He said unto them, "It is not for you to know the times or the seasons which the Father have put in his own power." But now he brings them back instantly. But you shall receive power. He says, can we go back a couple verses? You shall receive power after the Holy Ghost has come upon you. You shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem and in all Judea and in Samaria and unto the uttermost parts of the earth. Look at this account in Luke 24:46. And he said unto them, "Thus it is written, and thus it behooved Christ to suffer and to rise from the dead the third day, and that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in his name among the nations, beginning at Jerusalem, and you are witnesses of these things. And behold, I send the promise of my father upon you. But ter ye in the city of Jerusalem until you be endued with power from on high." How long? Until. The word for you tonight, church, is until you trust this word. Until you have faith in this message until you hold on until your faith is being tried, but you believe until. Listen, he knows how long your trial is going to last. He knows how long the sickness is going to last. He knows how long this burden's going to last. He knows. And he's saying, "Just tar for the promise. Just tar till the victory comes. Just hold on until you're endued with power from on high. Don't move off of it tonight cuz it's been a while. Don't move off of it tonight because you've been waiting and waiting and don't budge because there's been this interval. Think about it. He sent you into the proving grounds until he expects us to have faith until and believe until and brother Brandham deals with this and how that maybe after a few days one said, you know, brothers, I think we got it. I I think we do. I mean, how long should we have to stay here? How long do we wait? And another one maybe said, "Yeah, you know what? I think about day three, I felt something. I Yep. It was day three. I definitely felt something. See, already expectations changing. He said, "Endued with power." Listen, I don't care what you felt. If your life isn't endued with power to overcome sin and live above sin, you need to go back until. You need to stay there until. I don't care if you jumped, shouted, danced, screamed, spoke in tongues. Hey, I support you in all your dancing and shouting. I'm for it. But if you don't get power and dude in your life, you didn't do nothing but some cardio. There's got to be power endued with power into your life. But Peter stands up and he says, "We ain't going nowhere." Says, "We're staying. Others can settle for less. Others can change their expectations, but I have a word from the Lord and I will not move until it is fulfilled." They waited and they waited and they waited and what happened? And suddenly, that doesn't mean it was quickly. They had been there 10 days, but it happened suddenly there came a sound from heaven as a rushing mighty wind. And it filled all the house where they were sitting. And there appeared under them clothe tongues like a fire, and it set upon each of them. And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost and began to speak with other tongues as the spirit gave them utterance. They terried and they received the fulfillment and it happened suddenly. Not quickly, not right off the bat. Maybe you've held on for healing tonight for a long time. Then suddenly you've battled depression for a long time, but suddenly you've looked for a prodal to return for a long time, but suddenly it's going to take place. How quickly it can happen in a moment, in a twinkling, one moment in his presence. And it can change all of those things. Suddenly it's changed. Suddenly you're delivered. Suddenly you're free. Suddenly your child walks through the back door. Suddenly. But you got to hold on until hold on until keep your expectations high. Hallelujah. Suddenly he can move on your situation. Stay with the promise. Stay with the message. Don't change what it means. Don't lower expectations. The nominal churches have done this for years. Change what it meant to be born again. Change people's expectations for the miraculous. They expect to to sin a little. They don't expect to overcome. They don't expect the gifts to operate. They don't expect the power of God in the service. I say tonight, evening like tabernacle, we are to expect it. We're to expect the power of God. We're to expect an overcoming life. We're to expect people filled with the Holy Ghost. I'm expecting the miraculous to operate in this church. Hallelujah. We should gather every service with great expectations that God is going to move and not how some idea of what that means. Not the way I want him to move. I just want him to move. It may be shouting and rejoicing. It may be quiet and somber as he moves down deep into the hearts. We say sometimes, "Oh, that was a great service." What made it a great service? I'll tell you what makes it a great service is when God's word takes full effect in the hearts of men and women. If God's word has an effect and it burns out sin and it calls the sinner to repentance and hands are laid on the sick because the word says to and they're healed, that's a great service because the word had its way in the service. We need to let this place be a beacon to the world, a beacon to those going to Emmas, a beacon to those in doubt. We're not going to lower expectations. We're not going to back off the promises. Listen, he still heals tonight. He still delivers tonight. There will be a rapture. There will be a literal meeting in the air. The move is on for the bride of Jesus Christ. Hold fast tonight until until the fulfillment of all. He said, "I'll have a church without spot or wrinkle." I'm just going to be honest. I have a hard time seeing it because I can't see past my own spots and my own wrinkles. But he said it. It's up to him to fulfill it. So, I'm not lowering the expectations and saying, "Lord, just take us as we are, a mangled up body of believers." No, he said we would be in his image. He said we'd be without spot or wrinkle. I just say, "Lord, move in my life. Get me to the place where I don't hinder the fulfillment. Let my life be consecrated, sold out, and rapture ready. And I want the strength and the faith and the expectation to stand until you come again." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He said he's going to prepare a place. He said he would come back. I say we got to be like Mary tonight and just say, "Lord, be it unto me. We can have it all. We can have every promise." And I want to receive it tonight however he sends it. We may not ever say to us, "You fools and slow of heart, why didn't you recognize, I warned you, it was there. I gave you everything you needed. And then after it's gone, they have to say, "But did not our hearts burn within us, but recognize in the moment, listen, the devil is going to war. Circumstance is going to war. Doubt is going to war. But when he returns, he will find faith." He will find faith because he has restored the faith to the people who have recognized he's here. Amen. Not just that he's coming, although he is. But brother Brandham, when the spirit told him to pick up his pen and write, he said the job of this messenger would be to forrunn and point to wordborn bride. He's here. When John for ran him, it's because he was here. When this messenger for him, it's because he was here. May we not miss it because we're like the Jews and it's going on and we're looking for it. It's happening right now. Amen. Evening light tabernacle is happening right now. The rapture has begun. The shout has gone forth. Jesus is in the flesh again in a bride body tonight. And any day now, he is going to suddenly suddenly snatch your away. I ask you, is your heart ready? Is your life ready? Are your expectations at that place? You ain't going to have time to get prayed up when he begins to sweep across the earth cuz it's going to happen suddenly. There's a bride on earth tonight. She still believes and she still expects. In Satan's Eden, we're still standing. Why? Time-tested faith. Time-tested material. It's a time-t tested bride. The prophet may have gone off the scene 60 years ago. It don't matter. Seals may have been been open 62 years ago. It doesn't matter. That doesn't matter. His word's still true. He's still coming. We're time tested so Satan can buff it. Time can tear. Trials can come on every side. I have received a vindicated prophet. I have heard the call. I'm a part of the wrapping up of all things. I'm not lowering expectations. I'm getting ready tonight to go higher than I've ever been before. I'm getting ready to take my flight. My expectations are a body change. My expectations are a heavenly fight. My expectations are we're not leaving a hook behind. I'm not giving in. I'm not backing up. My expectations are higher than ever. Timeested faith. Hallelujah. We see him coming. We see him here. And we have been brought here to receive him. Will you stand together with me tonight as we read these final quotes? We're a people who knows what it's all about. That's not me. That's the prophet said that. He says, "But there was some people talking about Jesus riding in on the cult who was expecting him to arrive. They had believed him and they know that he kept his promises because it had been noised out that he was going to be there and the people were waiting for him believing that he would keep his word, expecting him to keep his word. And under that great charge of expectations, there was somebody that knew what it was all about. And so it is today in this time of frustration. Pay attention to this quote. You know what's been going on in the world. In this time of frustrations, nations against nations, our enemy coming over trying to make peace like it was at the time of Pearl Harbor with another enemy. And the people just don't know what to do. When they speak a billion-dollar missile programs and see who can make a race to the moon and other signs saying that it might set the whole universe of fire, war everywhere. Just at one moment, some fanatic could touch a little lever and blow the whole world up and everybody is at attention. But I'm so thankful there's somebody who knows what's going to happen. We know it's the coming of the Lord. He said these things would be just before his coming that this would be taking place. And it's like it was at Jerusalem that day. Some didn't know, but there was others who did know. And we can see them little groups, some over by the east gate, some by the west gate, some at different places. But after a while, we begin to see them all come together at the east side of the gate. That was a sign that something was going to happen. For when God's people begins to come together, something is fixing to take place. Church, I don't care how long things go on. I don't care if Israel and Iran make peace. I don't care who's president. I don't care what all else you still think needs to to to happen before he can come. I'm telling you that he will and is going to come suddenly. He's coming suddenly. May be a long time coming, but it's going to happen suddenly. He's going to show up. He's going to fulfill his word. How's it going to be, brother Aaron? I don't know. I just know it's going to be suddenly. What do I got to do, brother Aaron? How do I show God that I love him? And how shall I prove my love to him? by believing what he said and by conducting myself with joy amidst the trials that he and his wisdom allows to come to pass. What does that mean believing? You're trusting. You're expecting. You're living your life according to the word. Not I thought, I thought, I thought, but it's he said. He said, he said, he said. church. I have no idea how much longer we'll be here. I mean, the human eyes looking at it, knowing what we know. I honestly believe it could happen tomorrow. Could be a few months. But you know what? Could be years. I don't know. But what I do know is he's going to come suddenly. And he's going to come suddenly for some of us even before then. [Music] Be ready. Keep your expectations and your faith high. The devil's trying to rob our expectations. And I don't just mean for the rapture. He's trying to rob our expectations for our services. He's trying to rob our expectations for for how much overcoming we can do and make us think we got to sin a little. It's okay if this and it's okay with that. I say we reject that. We reject that in the name of Jesus. He has given the Holy Spirit in this day. It has been fully restored. With the fullness of the word comes the fullness of the Holy Spirit. Which means there is overcoming power for you to live above sin. There's overcoming power for you to cast Satan out. You don't have to bow to his lies. You don't have to bow to his depression. You don't have to give in. We don't have to have mundane, boring, dead, formal services. We can come and let the power of God move in this place. I'm not going to settle for that. I'm not going to back off our promises. My expectations are higher than ever that God's going to fill this place with his spirit. He's going to pour out time after time after time after time. And those who receive him are going to be given the power to be called the sons and daughters of God. He's coming suddenly. Be ready church. God bless you tonight in the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. [Applause] A move of God. A move of God. I'm expecting anticipating a move. Oh, [Music] say I'm expecting I'm expecting [Music] anticipating a move. Oh say I'm expecting I'm expecting anticipating a move of God. Oh, I'm expecting I'm expecting anticipating a move of God. A move of God. Surround me, oh Lord. [Music] Surround me, oh Lord. Surround, oh Lord. Let your presence fill this place. Oh, surround me. Oh yes, Lord. Surround me. Oh Lord, surround me, oh Lord. Let your presence fill this place. And fill me, oh Lord. Feel me, oh Lord. Fill me, oh Lord. Let your pray, let it fill my soul. Yes. Fill me, oh Lord. Fill me. Oh yes, Father. Yes. Fill me, oh Lord. Just let your spirit fill. Oh, sing it again. Surround me, Lord. Surround me. Oh Lord, surround me. Oh Lord, surround me. Oh Lord, let your presence fill this place. And I want to be more like you, Jesus. I want to be more like you. I want to be a vessel you work through. I want to be more like you. Oh, I want to be more like you, Jesus. I want to be more like you. I want to be a vessel you work through. I want to be more like you. Say I I want to be more like you. Oh Jesus, I I want to be more like you. I want to be a vessel you work through. I want to be more like you. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Oh, there is none like you. Oh, no one else can touch my heart like you do. And I could search for all eternity. Oh, I would find there is none like. Oh, say there's none like you. Oh, there is love. [Music] No one else can touch me. [Music] Oh, I can serve eternity long. Go and find there is none. I could search say I could search for all eternity. There's love. I could search for all and I could search for all eternity long and find there's none like you. It's in Jesus name we press on. [Music] Oh, in Jesus name we press on. [Music] And dear Lord, win the prize. So clear before our eyes we find the strength. Oh we find the strength to press on. Oh, and all it is is it Jesus name we press on. Oh yes Lord. In Jesus name we press all. Oh and all and dear Lord with the proud. Oh clear before our eyes we find we find the strength to press on and because he lives. Sing it now. Oh because he lives. Oh, I confess to tomorrow. Oh, because he lived. Oh yes, Lord. All fear is gone. All fear is gone. Oh, because I know. Oh, aren't you glad you know who holds tomorrow? Who holds my future? Oh, and life is worth the living just becomes. Oh, let's sing that one more time before we go. Because he lives and because he lives. [Applause] [Music] Oh, I can face tomorrow. Oh, because he live. Oh yes. Oh, fear is gone. [Music] And because I know I know he holds my future. [Music] whole life is worth living. Hallelujah. You're dismissed. God bless you as you go. He lives. And because he lives, oh, I can face tomorrow. [Music] Oh, because he lives. Oh, all fear is gone. And because I know, oh I know he holds my future. Oh, life is worth living. Oh, just because he lives and something keeps holding me. [Music] Oh, every day I see it's helping me faithfully. to overcome life's trial. Oh, it's guiding me constantly [Music] and giving me victory. Oh, and it's a reality. Oh, Jesus is holding me. [Music] Yes. Something keeps holding me. [Music] Every day I see. [Music] [Music]
