################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-19 - Faith in the Blood, Part 2 - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on March 19, 2025 - Timothy Pruitt.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-19
Title:   Faith in the Blood, Part 2 - Bro. Timothy Pruitt on March 19, 2025
Speaker: Timothy Pruitt
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UCiTH82BLgM
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] me. Oh, cover me. Only in you, Lord. Say, only in you I am saved. And only in you I'm secure. And only in you I find peace. So cover me. Oh cover me. [Applause] Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Oh, let the peace I [Music] understand. Oh, cover me. Oh, cover me. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Yes. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. When the elders and angels bow, the redeemed worship you now. Oh, holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. Oh, we sing holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Yes. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. And the elders and angels bow and the redeemed worship you now. And holy, holy, holy are you Lord say worthy worthy is the lamb. Oh, we sing worthy, worthy, worthy is the lamb. Yes. Worthy, worthy, worthy is the lamb. In the elders and angels bow and the redeemed worship you now. Oh worthy, worthy, worthy is the lamb. I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Oh, praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. Amen. Say it again. I sing praises to your name. Oh Lord, praises to your name. Oh Lord for your name and greatly to be [Applause] praised I sing praises to your name. Oh Lord praises to your name. Oh Lord, for your name is great to be praised. Sing it again. I sing praises and I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. [Applause] I sing praises to your name, oh Lord, to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be [Music] praised. And nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I stand in all of your amazing grace. I worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. Oh morning I see you in the sunrise every morning. It's like a picture that you painted for me. A love letter in the sky. whole story. I could have had a really different story. Oh, aren't you thankful he came down from heaven? Oh, can you say he forever changed my life? Oh, ever saved my life. Oh, let's all stand and say, "Nobody, nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. I stand in all of your amazing ways. I worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody say it now say nobody loves me like you love me Jesus. I stand in all of your amazing ways. I worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. Mountain. Oh, mountain. You're breaking down the weight of all my mountain. Even when it feels like I'm surrounded. [Music] Oh, you never leave my side. Oh, nobody loves me like you. Love me, Jesus. I stand in all of your amazing ways. I worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. Nobody loves me like you. And I'm free. Praise the Lord. I'm free. I'm no longer bound. There's no more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I praise it again. I'm free. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. Say, no longer bound. There's no more chains holding me. My soul is resting. He's a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Why don't you turn around, shake somebody's hand, tell them, "I'm free." Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm free. I'm no longer bound. There's no more chains holding me. My soul is resting. It's such a blessing. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm free. Say it again now. Say, I am free. Oh, praise the Lord. I'm free. No longer [Music] bound. No more chains holding me. My soul is resting. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Say, "Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah." One more time. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, you've got to praise him. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise. You should praise him till the sun goes down. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise. Yes. Praise him in the morning. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise. Yes, praise him. When the sun goes down, you need to love him. Oh, love him. Love him in the morning. Oh, just love him. Oh, love. Oh, love him when the sun goes down. You should love him. Oh, love. Yes. Love him in the [Music] morning. Oh, love him. Love. Oh, love. And when the sun goes down, oh, I was on my way to heaven. I'm shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. I'm shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. Oh, shout. Oh, singing glory. Hallelujah. Oh, Jesus set me free. And Satan had me bound. But Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound. Oh, singing glory. Oh Jesus, say I'm so glad and I'm so glad Jesus set me [Music] free. Oh Jesus set me free. I'm so glad Jesus sent. Singing glory hallelujah. Jesus set me [Music] free. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. He's been faithful. Faithful to me. Amen. Can you say that tonight? Looking back, his love and mercy I see. Though in my heart I have questioned, even failed to believe. He's been faithful. faithful to me. Can you just lift your hands to him before we go to him in prayer? Just thank him for that. He's been faithful. faithful to me. Looking back, his love and mercy I see. or in my heart I have questioned even failed to believe that he's been faithful faithful to me in my heart though in my heart I have questioned even fail to believe. But he's been faithful. So faithful to me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Ask brother Aaron to open the service for us in prayer. And we want to remember to pray for sister Samantha Burrow. She'd asked for prayer that we'd remember her. Also remember brother Matt Morris and the church up in Arkansas. They lost the roof of their fellowship hall today due to the high winds in that area. So just ask that we'd remember them and that situation. If you have a need you want to lift to him and say, "Lord, I know you've been faithful to me." Amen. Let's go to him together in prayer. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, as we stop for just a moment, Lord, to bow our heads before you and Lord, come humbly in your presence, Lord, and just recognizing the opportunity that we have tonight, Father. Lord, I pray that none of us take this opportunity tonight for granted. May we not just look at it as just another midweek service where we've, you know, come here to fulfill a duty, but Lord, may we recognize tonight that we have, Lord, a lifechanging opportunity, Lord, an opportunity, Lord, to to be in the presence of the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords, Lord, to commune with you and to have you come by our pew and speak to our hearts, Lord. And Lord, we just want to invite you right now, Lord, to just come and begin to move in this service, Lord. Lord, you know the thoughts and intents of the heart. Lord, you know the desires. You know the needs, Lord. Not only do you know, but you've prepared this service to go a certain way, Lord, for each need. Lord, I just pray that we'll do our part to push through our tiredness and our thoughts of tomorrow. And Lord, what's going on today and push through into that realm where all things are possible. Lord, may our faith be elevated tonight once again to the level of the promise, Lord. Lord, that we can lay claim, Lord, to all that's ours and not just leave, Lord, as as professors, but Lord, though, as possessors, Father. Lord, I pray each one tonight, Father. Lord, have a special moment in your presence and find the portion, Lord, of the word tonight that's allocated for each one of us, Father. And Lord, may we just apply it, Lord. May we not look to our neighbor and where it can fit somebody else, but Lord, how does the word fit me tonight? How do I fit the word? Where where do I need to change, Lord? How how can I lay down more of myself tonight, Lord, to be more like you, Lord? I pray that you'll just anoint brother Timothy, Lord, to step aside, Lord, and to just deliver his heart what you've given him, Lord. Lord, and without fear of favor, but just in the passion and ferveny, Lord, that you've given it to him, Father. Lord, I pray we'll receive it in the same manner, Father. Lord, I pray tonight, Lord, for for for Brother Matt and the congregation there in Arkansas, Father. Lord, what a what an event to come. and Lord, just a new a new fellowship, Paul, and have this happen. Lord, I just pray that you'll lead and guide and direct them, Lord, and throughout this whole thing and help him to get things repaired without much more damage or whatever else the weather could do, Father. Lord, we just thank you, Lord, there was no injuries or anything of that nature, Lord. Lord, I pray for Sister Samantha and her need tonight that you'll touch her, Lord, and bless her, Lord, and in this situation in her life. And Lord, you saw every hand lifted, Lord. You know the need behind that hand. And I just pray that you'll move in a personal way tonight, Father. Lord, may we not look at this tonight as a as a group affair, but Lord, me and you. Lord, may we commune together tonight. Come to my seat, I pray, Father, Lord, and move in a special way. In Jesus name, we commit it to you now. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Brothers, can take up the offering this evening. Amen. As brother Aaron said, just me and you, Lord. Amen. Just make a personal hit to him tonight as we worship. I won't forget the wonders of how you brought [Music] deliverance, the exodus of my heart. You found me. You freed me, held back the water for my release. Oh Yah [Music] way, you're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victor. Hallelu. [Music] Oh [Music] hallelu and you have torn apart the sea. You have led me through the deep. Hallelujah. Oh [Music] hallelu. A cloud by day is a sign that you are with me. A fire by night is a guiding light. Oh, you found me. You freed me. Held back the water for my release. Oh Yah [Applause] way. And you're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Oh hallelu. Yes. [Music] Hallelujah. And you have torn apart. And you have led me through the deep. Hallelu. Oh hallelu. You stepped into my Egypt. You took me by the hand. You marched me out in freedom. Oh, and I will not forget you. I'll sing of all you've done. path is swallowed up forever by the fury of your love because you stepped into my Eel and you took me by the hand. You marched me out in freedom into the pro and I will not forget you. Oh, I'll see and dance is followed up forever by the fear. Your love and you're the God who fights for me. The Lord of every victory. Oh, hallelujah. Yes. [Music] Halleluah. And you have torn apart. And you have led me through the deep. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Say it again. Say, "You're the God. You're the God who fights for me. The Lord of every." Oh hallelujah. Yes. Halleluah. And you have torn apart the sea. You have led me through the [Music] deep where the spirit of the Lord is there is freedom. I am free. Oh, can you say that with all your hearts? Where the spirit of the Lord is there say I am free. Oh, and where the spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom. Oh, I I am free. Amen. And where the spirit of the Lord, oh there is. Oh, I am [Applause] free. Amen. You're the God. You're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victor. Oh [Music] hallelujah. Oh [Music] hallelujah. And you have torn apart the sea. You have led me through the deep. Hallelu. Oh hallelujah. You are the God. You're the God who fights for me. The Lord of every victory. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelu. And you have to upon the sea. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Father, we're so thankful, Lord. You are the one who fights for us. For when we're not able, Lord, which is so many times the case, we can't do anything on our own, Lord. We have an advocate. We have a intercessor. We have a God who fights for us. Lord, we just ask that you would come this evening and speak to our hearts. Touch us by your spirit, Lord. And God, may you just come down and just commune with us as friend to friend, Lord. We pray. We invite you into this place, Lord. Touch every heart and every life. You see the ones that are hurting, the ones who has questions in their minds, Lord, ones, Lord, that maybe don't know where to turn or what to do, but God, you're the God who fights for us. May they turn to you with their whole heart and just put their trust in you. We ask these things for your glory in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Let's turn to John chapter 1 if you would. Al also Hebrews chapter 10 like to speak to you again on faith in the blood. Amen. Just read verse 29. John chapter 1 says, "The next day Gth John seeth Jesus cometh unto him and saith, behold the lamb of God which taketh away the sin of the world." Read that again. And the next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him and saith, Behold the lamb which taketh away the sin of the world. Let's turn to Hebrews 10 and1 says for the law having a shadow of good things to come and not the very image of the things but can never with those sacrifices which they offered year by year continually make the comers there unto perfect. But then would they not have ceased to be offered because that the worshippers once purged should had have had no more conscience of sins. But in those sacrifices there is a remembrance again made of sins every year. For it is not possible that the blood of bulls and goats should take away sins. So we just read about the lamb who taketh away the sin. Bulls and goat bulls and goats should not take away sins. Wherefore when we he cometh unto the world, he says and s he saith sacrifice and offerings thou hast thou wouldest not but a body hast thou prepared me and burnt offerings and sacrifices for sins thou hast had no pleasure. Then said, I lo, I come in the volume of the book, it is written of me to do thy will, oh God. Above when he said, sacrifice and offering and burnt offering and offering for sin, thou wouldest not, neither hath pleasure therein, which are offered by the law. Then said he, Lo, I come to do thy will, oh God. He taketh away the first that he may establish the second. By the which will we are sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all. And every priest standeth daily ministering offering oftenimes the same sacrifices which can never take away sins. Never take away sins. that this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins forever, sat down on the right hand of God, from henceforth, expecting till his enemies be made his foottool. For by one offering he hath perfected forever them that are sanctified. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. It'd be a I would say a foolish question to ask. Which blood do you want? Amen. But we want the blood that can take away sins. Amen. That can take away sins. A lamb that taketh away, not cover, but he carried them on his shoulder and nailed them to a cross. It was a blood that would annihilate sin. And I want to look at this word annihilate for a moment. It means to cause to cease to exist, to do away with entirely so that nothing of it remains or to cause it to be of no effect, to nullify, to destroy the substance or the force of regard as a as it having no consequence. Another one is to c to cause something such as a particle to vanish or cease to exist by changing it into another form. Amen. And this is what we have in this blood. as brother Brandon would he would compare it to a bleach as as we know what bleach does has been in invented in our in our time and and it was brought to take out stains that was maybe thought impossible to take out before and and it would remove blood or different things uh ink stains or whatever off of garments and brother Brandon would use this as a comparison. And he said, "We now stand justified in the presence of God as a drop of ink dropping into a full tub of bleach. You'll never find the stain of ink no more." Amen. You'll never find the ink no more. It went somewhere and it will never come back again. Amen. That's what you call annihilation. It'll never come back again. And he said, "When a man is truly redeemed, that predestinated seed that sees it and accepts it, his sins are demolished. It's gone. It's separated. It's as a drop of ink in the as as a drop of ink in the blood of Jesus Christ. It'll never be remembered. God forgets it. And now that one stands as a son or daughter of God in the presence of God." Amen. What a blood we have here tonight. Amen. Amen. Not just a blood that that just covers our sins to where every year we're reminded. Every year we have the remembrance of it. Every year we still feel the guilt and the shame of it. Amen. But a blood that can come down upon our sins and annihilate our sins or cause it to cease to exist in the eyes of God. Amen. That's where it's important. In the eyes of God. Amen. To cause it to have no effect any longer upon lives of men and women. Amen. What what a what a thing that is that the blood of Jesus and the life of that blood can come upon the worshipper and cause him to come into such a place that that sin can no longer have an effect upon its life. But it can rise above sin. It can live above sin. Sure, we still have this flesh we war against. Sure, we may make mistakes. But this this life of this lamb can come inside of you and give you the power to rise above that sin or that that iniquity that comes upon you. It can cause it to cease to exist to do away with it so it no longer remains. Not one iota of it. Not one little drop of it. Not one little wisp of it. As you would drop ink into a bleach and you can watch it as you maybe done in a as a science project or some of you done it in Sunday school. You watch that little black drop of ink fall into that bleach and it begins to whirl around and pretty soon it just becomes a wisp of a of something and then it's nothing at all and you can take it and look for it and you'll never find it again. And I I think about that as my sins as I would ask God to forgive me or I would ask God to take my sins and he would take that blackness and that scar or that that issue that had come up in my life and he would take it and he would drop it over in the sea of his forgetfulness and it would begin to move around in that red blood until it took that blackness and it removed it until you can't even find a wisp of it any longer. You can't even find a inkling of it of its remembrance any moment. And we can now stand with no condemnation. And we can now stand justified in the presence of God as though we never did it in the first place. Hallelujah. What kind of people ought we to be tonight? Amen. We're not standing under the blood of bulls and goats and having faith in a woolly lamb and if we picked the right one and if we did everything right. But God came down and he became man and he dwelt in human flesh and he took our sins and he took them to a cross and he shed his blood that that blood might be spilled that my sins can fall into that blood and never be remembered no more. That's a wonderful thing to have faith in that kind of blood tonight. Amen. See this blood it was shed. It was no longer just a covering but it was annihilation for our sin. Hebrews 9 and verse 12 it says neither by the blood of goats and calavs but by his own blood he has entered once into the holy place having obtained eternal redemption for us. Hallelujah. Not just a temporary thing or maybe or hope so but he has obtained an eternal redemption for us. Brother Brandon would preach that day on Calvary and I'm going to take a little bit from that tonight. Amen. It's a wonderful sermon. He said, "The one great important thing that Calvary means to us and the world is that the sin question is settled once and for all." Amen. The sin question is settled once and for all. Men who was found guilty of sin and sin was a penalty that no man could pay. Amen. and we didn't have enough. We we couldn't pay. It was a debt that we could not pay. And we owed this great debt. It was a penalty so great there wasn't any man that was found worthy. Amen. So God would have to come and he would have to create himself a body. A body without sin, a body that would bypass the way men and women have been born for centuries through sexual birth. But it would bypass all of that. and he would create a blood cell and he would put it inside of an incubator called Mary and that blood cell would form and it would begin to add tissue and and bone and matter and it would come out as a little baby and it would grow up as a as a as a young man and be tempted in all things without sin. And and here he came to be born in such a way that there was such such uh uh disdain upon his name and he was looked down upon and he was laughed at and he was scorned. Whose laugh was he taking? He was taking my laugh. Whose scorn was he taking? He was taking my scorn. Amen. Whose sins was he carrying? He was carrying my sins. Amen. But he laid them upon an altar. It was a penalty so great that no man could do it. So God had to come down and do it himself. Amen. It was a blood. It was a penalty. Amen. That could not be paid by men. And this penalty was death. But you could kill a thousand men and thousands and millions had died already and not one of them could pay the debt. We were all born in sin shaped in iniquity and we come into this world speaking lies. So there was not one person born that was worthy. They couldn't find him nowhere. But you know sin, you know, as we heard even last Sunday and and what brother Tim's been ministering, sin was not started upon the earth. It started in heaven. Lucifer and the devil. Amen. condemned creature for his disobedience before he ever struck the earth. Sin began in heaven where God put the angels and so forth on the same be bases that he put human beings on knowledge and the tree of life and the tree of knowledge where men could make a choice. And when Lucifer was given the preeminence to make his choice, he wanted something better than what God had. And it started the trouble and there there but there was a requirement for sin. The requirement was death and Lucifer could not pay the penalty. Amen. Man could not pay the penalty. Amen. And brother Brandon kind of interjects something here that I love so much because I like to remind the devil every chance I got. He's got an expiration date. And he interjects this here. He says, he said, "See, Satan," he said, "I disagree, amen, with some of those who believe that Satan's going to be uh the universal he called him to say that Satan will be saved. He's sin. Matter of fact, he's the originator of sin. His soul sin, he was a spirit. That spirit shall be totally annihilated. Hallelujah. That spirit shall be totally annihilated and there will be nothing left of it. Well, that's enough right there to just stop and have a good rejoicing time. Amen. Because that's that's the word of God. And we can find it in the Bible. Amen. Of where he's going to be kicked over into the lake of fire. Amen. It'll be se be so annihilated. There won't even be a wisp of the devil left. There won't be an evil thought left. There won't be amen mind battles left. There won't be spirits that comes and halt you at night and wants to tear at your your mind constantly. It'll be totally annihilated. Amen. Totally void. No more. No longer done, finished, over with. Amen. This is what the blood of Jesus is doing to our enemy. Hallelujah. When sin struck the earth back in the beginning like a sheet of blackness fallen from heavens, it literally paralyzed the earth. We actually live in a paralyzed earth. This earth is not at its full potential that it should be at. It's going back to that again. Come on now. How many believes that? And it threw every creature on the earth and all of God's creation into bondage. Men come under the bondage of death. We come under the bondage of sickness and troubles and sorrows. And all nature fell along with it. Amen. At one time there wasn't no lion eating a lamb. There wasn't no cheetah chafing chasing after some animal. Amen. But all nature fell along in the same bondage of dying and living and dying and living and dying and living. It paralyzed the earth and we sat here feeling helpless because every creature on earth was subject to it. Everyone born on the earth was subject to that paral paralyzation and it came from the same place where there was no sin. It could not come from the earth. One of them one of us could not redeem the other. It had to come from another. Therefore, when men realized that he was separated from God, he became a wonder. Yeah. He he wept. He cried. He toiled. He He was s in a desert seeking. Amen. Abraham, what was he seeking? A city that was built without a without made without hands. Amen. He wanted a city whose builder and maker was God. There was something in him wanting perfection. There was something in him wanting Amen. life without sin. How many wants that? Amen. How many wants life without a world of sin around you? How many wants life without sickness all around you? Who How many wants life without there even being a threat of sickness? I mean, think about that. Amen. You don't have to worry about your baby getting sick. You don't have to worry about you getting sick. You don't have to worry about how many would love a life that you don't have to worry about death. That you're no longer planning a funeral. Come on, somebody. Amen. You're no longer at a hospital crying out to God. Amen. To come down and heal somebody and give him a few more years. Amen. It won't be no more that'll be all gone. Cuz when Satan is annihilated, everything that he brought upon the earth will be annihilated with him. Therefore, death will be annihilated, sicknesses will be annihilated. I don't know about you, but I'm looking forward to the time cuz we seem to deal with it every every time we turn around. I am looking for the moment when cancer is no longer a word. It's no longer in our vocabulary. Amen. As we speak of someone getting cancer, we see speak of this one dying of cancer. We might talk about it, but it'll be talk of victory. Yeah. Amen. We might mention it, but we won't be no longer in fear or worry or dread, but here he is wondering. This man became lost. He didn't know which way to turn. Just took out wondering, trying to find some way back to that place. But something on the inside of him told him he came from a place that was perfect. Hello, somebody. Does anybody got that feeling on the inside? I come from a place that's perfect. That's what's that's what that that's what's on the inside of me. Amen. There's not a person here in this visible audience today or or he says he says on audience or on the magnetic tape which would be who we are that go that'll go around the world. There's not one here anywhere. But what seeks for that perfection? You get your bills paid and you thinks it's settled and then somebody gets sick. Amen. Then you get the sickness over with and now you got more bills to pay. Amen. The first thing you know you you this is a big old cycle and then your hair is turning gray. Then then you want to go back to being young again. Amen. just a whisp a life is like a vapor just whirling through time and and before you know it it's almost over with. Amen. There's something all the time constantly attacking you. Why? Because sin was let loose upon the earth. Amen. And but in your heart because you seek for that it shows there's perfection somewhere. Right? Because you're seeking for health. If you're seeking for a place without sin, you know it has to be somewhere. It's a deep that calleth into the deep. So there has to be a deep to respond. That's the reason many times today that a sinner, you know, still want to wander and you know a beautiful young girl would cut off her hair to be popular or paint up her face to look pretty, put on clothes to show off her form because the only thing she can find something somewhere to try to find something. Amen. to cause her. Amen. She's looking for perfection. She's looking. There's a thirst on the inside of her. Amen. This is what we're seeing. We're seeing people thirsty. We're seeing a world that is thirsty. They're driven by thirst because they cannot get it quenched by what truly is the thirst quencher. That's right. Oh, they can quench it temporarily by some drugs or some alcohol or some kind of thing like that. But we want an eternal thirst quenching. Amen. And there's only one eternal thirst quencher and that is the Holy Ghost. Human beings have tried through ages. They have wept for it. They have cried for it. They've done everything they know how to do for it. Amen. But they still couldn't find it. Wandering through the world. But then finally one day there came one down from heaven born in a virgin totally different than the way men expected him to come. But he came exactly how scripture said he would come. He came exactly how a lamb would be born in a manger and how how he was, you know, brother Brandham talks about it. He said it was Jehovah crying in a manger. It was Jehovah running down the streets and falling down and skinning his knees. Can you imagine? It was Jehovah. Amen. Overcoming as a teenager. It was Jehovah that faced uh troubles in his family and faced issues around him and situations that that maybe amen was always attacking him and move. It was Jehovah that was here among us 2,000 years ago coming to spill a blood that by one sacrifice he could make all men perfect by one. This is the blood we're talking about. They had offered how many? Millions. And people still had sin. They still had unbelief. They still even David. Even David who was a man after God's own heart. He offered it. He offered sacrifices, but yet he still had the desire of fa in his flesh. And he would still go out and commit adultery. He was still Amen. But he had the lamb. Wanted to do right, desire to do right. And when he was found guilty, he didn't try to hide. He said, "I'm the one." And he repented. He was a man after God's own heart. And he would begin to scream inside of it. Amen. In Psalms there, create in me a clean heart. Take not the Holy Spirit from me. Amen. Renew me, Lord. Amen. What was it? He wanted what you have been afforded today. He wanted the moment that God would not just come down upon an altar somewhere and consume a wooly sacrifice, but God would come down upon this altar and consume this sacrifice and put his life inside of there and his spirit on the inside. Brother Brandon would make this statement. He said, "No man could ever see Calvary the way it truly was and ever be the same. Everything that he desired or longed for is met when he sees that place." It was such an important day. It was such an important thing. It shook the world. It shook the world like it's never been shook before. When Jesus died at Calvary, he paid the sin question. This sinful world had blacked out. Amen. All around men from the presence of God. And then when he died, the sun went down in the middle of the day. It had a nervous prostation. The rocks shook. The mountains wrenched and went ran and the dead bodies bursted from the grave. What did he do? God zeroed in on Calvary. He wounded that animal called Satan forever. Right there on that day called Calvary. Now, he's been more vicious since then because it been brought light to the human race. And everyone knows that a wounded animal is more vicious crawling around with his back broken. But Satan was knocked out at Calvary. Amen. The earth proved it. Amen. The greatest price that was ever paid, the only one that could pay it came down and done it at Calvary. And where when that great price was paid, that was one of the things God required. No man was worthy. No man was able. No man could do it. So God himself happened, came down. What happened? God put back in the hands of man a way back to what he's been looking for. Hallelujah. He He didn't have to weep no more cuz right there at Calvary, he broke the back of Satan. I'm here to tell you tonight, you're dealing with an enemy whose back is broke. That's right. We heard it Sunday. He's lost his power. Yes, sir. The backbone of Satan was broke. What does that mean, brother Timothy? That means the backbone of sin is broke. That means the backbone of sickness is broke. Right. It brings every mortal being on earth back into the presence of God with their sins forgiven. Because in their day, there wasn't but one man once a year could go into the Holy of Holies, right, into the presence of God. But when on that day on Calvary, the veil was rent. So now every man has a right to go into the presence of God. It was death to go in. Now it's death not to go in. Amen. If you don't get into his presence, it's death. If you don't get his presence in you, it is death. Amen. The veil has been rent. Therefore, we have a right to go into his presence. Amen. Back then, they didn't have a right. They couldn't. They had to get a high priest. He had to make sure everything was exactly right or he'd die because he how dare he went behind that veil in the holies of holies where the ark of the covenant and all the things were laid there in that ark and all the holy remembrance of what God had done was put there and he was to go in and sprinkle blood amen upon the altar for the sins of the people. Amen. But here, here they are still. Brother brother R would bring it and he bring it like this. He said, "There they are down there in the temple and they're going into that place and they're there sprinkling the blood and meanwhile there's the lamb hanging on the cross." Amen. And all of a sudden as they're sprinkling it, the veil rent. Amen. What blood was more powerful? The one who rent the veil. Amen. And it rent the veil. Amen. Giving us access. given you the ability to go in and ask for the things that you have need of. Not hire get a high priest or somebody else, but you can go in and you can ask what you will. Amen. You can go in and ask God for forgiveness. You can go in and ask him for healing. You can go in and ask him for things that you need in your life. You can do it. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. God, put back into your hands a way that Abraham and Isaac and David and all of them were looking for. Amen. You know, we don't have to weep no more. The backbone's broken. Our sins are forgiven. No more can Satan back us off from God unless we let him. Come on. No more can Satan back us off from God. He ain't got a right to back you off from worship. He ain't got a right to back you off from things of the thing blessings of God. He ain't got a right to back you off from the presence of God. He ain't got a right to keep you out of the Holy of Holies. Matter of fact, it's our right to go into the Holy of Holies. Amen. To go into the presence of God. Amen. He lost his right. He cannot back you off from God any longer. There's a highway made. We heard about it Sunday. There's a telephone there. There's a line to glory. Amen. It brings every person in reach of that line. All you got to do is pick up the telephone and say, "God, I have a need. God, I'm needing you to move on this situation. God, I I have Amen. Hello, somebody." Amen. If you had a telephone that get you to the White House, how many times would you use it? If you knew there was, come on. I'm gonna just bring it on. I don't know what's going on tonight or last Sunday. We had a convention ser sermon Sunday. Most of us looked like like was a bunch of somebody eating new grapes or something. That was a convention service Sunday. I'm just going to tell you what it was. We ought to have been shouting and standing up and running the tops of these ceilings or something. Amen. Because God was showing us some very powerful things. And he's once again come tonight to show you again. There's power in my blood. Amen. If you had a line that could get you to Trump and you could ask what you needed and he would give it to you, how many times would you use it? How many times would you be picking up that telephone and saying, "Mr. Trump, I have a need. I got a I got a shortfall of some money. Will you send me some over?" Amen. People have been they we found out they've been tied into the government's hand for a long time. Amen. Why not you? Amen. But I ain't worried about having a line to Trump or any other government on this earth cuz their money's limited, their power's limited, their abilities limited. But what I do have tonight is a direct line to the throne room. I have a direct line to the presence of almighty God. And I can ask what I will and it shall be done. It may not come when I think it ought to. It may not come in the moment that I think it ought to be, but God said it. I believe it. It'll take place. No matter how many devils line up and try to block it, he cannot back me off from the presence of Almighty God. Listen to this. If a man is full of sin, it connected him in on the central line that you could pick up that line and say, "Lord, I sinned. Please forgive me." We ain't a bunch of Catholics. I ain't no Catholic that we have to pay for sins and pay for repentance and pay for this and pay for that. burn candles and incense and make sure we give enough money to this that. No, no, he gave it to me freely. Amen. Of course, the devil is gonna come and put some price on what he freely gave. Amen. Just call it what it is. So that's what the devil wants to put on your blood. He wants to put a price on it. Oh, it may not be in gold and silver, but it might be in your condemnation and your conscience and all those way. You done this and you done that, so you can't come into the presence of God. Amen. That's the time you need to press into the presence of God. Amen. And come right on in and say, "Father, yes, I've done wrong, but will you please forgive me?" And that blood will come down upon your sin and annihilate it. Amen. Listen, when you feel the devil trying to come and back you off from the presence of God, that's the time when you need to press in. Amen. We feel him coming in our services trying to clamp down and trying to set up on our worship and set up on our praise and set up upon up on the amening of the word and make us just set set. That's the time to push in even harder. I say, "God, help me to realize that when the devil's trying to push me back from the access to the God of heaven, when he's trying to come and break the bread of life off of me, and I'm sitting there like a old bump on the log, God, help me to push in that much harder. Cuz I know right beyond that scarecrow is something good. Right beyond that, there's something God has for me. And I'm going to push. And I'm going to push." Come on. If we can get people pushing in the right direction, there ain't no telling what can happen here tonight. What brother had happened in brother Brandham's day, he said, "Listen, if I can just get faith to elevate just a little bit." What was it? People get in the same mind and the same thought. If we could do the same thing, won't it produce the same results? We feel that blackness trying to push into our lives and make us sit on our pew and make us deny what God's done for us. It's time you rise up and say, "You devil, I've had enough of you." Today, your head is coming off. You're not going to back me up from the presence of God, but I'm going to push harder. I'm going to fight harder for the praises of God. I'm going to fight harder for the things of God. Critics can say what they want. You can say what you want. It's time we realize what's happening among us and we do something about it. Cuz there's a blood here that can heal every sick person. Hallelujah. There's a blood here that can forgive every sin. There's a blood here that can come down upon your family and so rewrite things that you won't even recognize yourself in a few days. Things you dealt with your whole life and cycles you could not break, there's a blood here that can break them. Amen. When things you've dealt with and you've lived with and you've carried all your life, there is a blood here that can take it all away. There is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Emanuel's veins where sinners plunge beneath the flood and lose all their guilty says. You don't have to be lost. That made me want to shout. Do you know how much joy is that when you realize you don't have to? Huh? You know, you go and you pay for somebody's lunch and they'd say, "Well, why'd you do that? You ought not done that." I did it because I didn't have to. A lot of joy in that. I didn't have to do it, but I did it because there was something in my heart that wanted to do it. Right? Didn't have to give you that money, but it was something in my heart to do that. I was glad to. Right. When you realize you don't have to be lost. Amen. Why do I not have to be lost? Cuz he made a way. He made a way out of your chaos. He made a way out of your sin. He made a way out of your doubts. He made a way out of your wowsy, wowy woos. Hey, that's a wonderful statement brother Joel Forny used to use and I like using every once in a while. I'm going to drop it in right here. The devil can get us some of the in some of the most wowsy wowsy woos. And I'll do it like he did it. Wy, wy, wise. Nobody cares for me. Nobody knows what I'm going through. Nobody cares for me. You know what it sound like? Sound like a bunch of message eores. Just a black raincloud, of course. Just a always happens to me. If it's going to happen to anybody, it's going to happen to me. Yeah. And Satan's constantly putting his blackness down upon us. Hey, I've dealt with it. I know what I'm talking about. And you'll never get through that thing until you rise up above it. And you say, you know what? I don't have to. I don't have to bow down to depression. I don't have to bow down to things going all the situation that's happening and and and I don't know how to handle it. I don't know what to I ain't got to bow down. What's worth what's it worth me worrying about it anyhow? God's got this. He's a God who fights for me. And if he can't win it, what's the worry of me fighting it anyhow? Cuz I know if that God can't win it, I can't win it. But if I let him fight, Yeah. if I let him come down and I'll do like they did there many times through the Old Testament. And I just praise God while he fights my battle because I know there's a blood there and it hadn't lost its power. It'll still save. It'll still heal. It'll still deliver. It'll still set free. I don't care what you think about it or how you judge it. You don't matter anyhow. What matters is the blood is still powerful today as it was 2,000 years ago. That's right. If it healed the lame then, it'll heal the lame now. That's right. If it broke unclean spirits out of people, it'll break them now. I can have faith in this blood. He broke the power of Satan. He opened the prison doors of hell. That every man that was shut up in the earth, fearing that when he died, what death would be to him on Calvary, he opened those cell doors and he let every captive go free. You don't have to no longer be torn down by sin. Amen. Hallelujah. You don't have to no longer be torn down by sin. You don't have to no longer be torn down by sin. You don't have to no longer yield your members to sin. You can be honest, just, upright. Satan can do nothing about it because you got a hold of a lifeline. That anchor in the rock of ages. Nothing can shake you from it. No winds can shake you from it. Nothing. Some of y'all's been through some strong winds. Hello. We know what we just heard about what strong winds will do. It'll take roofs off of buildings. It'll expose all kind of things. It'll it'll tear things that you've tried to work for years and try to build for years and try to, you know, try to to try to put together. Amen. A strong wind will come through and it'll tear it down. And sometimes men want to give up and say, "Well, I just give up. I go build somewhere else." But a real man, if he really has a love for the place that he's at and a love for his house, amen, he'll get his hammer and he'll get his tools and he'll go back to work again and he'll put the roof back on and he'll put the shingle or whatever back on and he'll put the boards back in their place and meanwhile he'll be singing. It'll take a stronger wind than this. Amen. To move me from my promises. I don't know about you, but I like where I'm at. I like that I'm in the promises of God. I like that I'm a people of the open book. I like that the blood book has been opened and I can walk all around it and I can pick up any promise and I can grab a hold of healing. I can grab a hold of salvation. I can grab a hold of forgiveness and joy. I can grab a hold of they say, "Yeah, Satan's wind might blow through. It might blow a few singles off, but I'll just grab another promise and I'll nail it back on." And I'll say, "It's going to take another stronger wind than this." Amen. To keep me from my inheritance. Some of you need to put that song in your mouth and start singing it. It's going to take a stronger way, Satan. Yes, sir. It's going to take, matter of fact, you ain't got enough devils. Amen. To keep the promises of God from coming to pass in hearts and lives of men and women that believe in the power of this blood. It'll take a stronger wind. Amen. There there's no more you have to wander about. There's no more guessing anymore. That's all been taken away. The veil's been taken off. We've been set, as we heard Sunday, on a highway. Wonderful sermon. Maybe some of all of us just need to go back and listen to it again. We walk right. We have walked into the presence of God, into God's very presence. What a privilege it is this morning to know you have a way. Calvary opened that way to walk into his presence. That day was a death blow to Satan's power. It ended everything. I can see him there. There he was Eden's lamb from the very sha first shadow that came by when Abel by faith offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain. He tied a grape vine around his neck and drug him up to a rock took a rock in the hand for a lance and pulled him up his little head back and chopped it and hacked it till he's died. And the wool bathed with his own blood. He wallowed in his blood. It was a shadow. But on that day at Calvary, there wasn't a lamb on earth, but it was a lamb of God that was dying, wallowing in his own blood. He was hacked. He was chopped. He was beat. He was spit on. He was slammed. He was smacked. And everything by the world and the blood dropping off of his locks. And Abel says, "And now when Abel's lamb died, it died speaking in a language that Abel could not understand. It was bleeding. And when God's lamb died, he spoke in a language that no one understood. My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" It was God's lamb hacked to pieces, chopped up. He was the very lamb that Abel had in mind when he seen the promised seat of the woman. He was a lamb that Daniel saw that was huge out of the mountain without hands. He was a will in the middle of the will for the prophet Ezekiel. All they had foreshadowed was now come to that day. And that day at Calvary, they brought in the great thing that broke the back of Satan. And sin's price was forever settled. Satan's power was broken. Perfect sacrifice was made to make us perfect. We can read about Romans 5 and verse 9 says, "Since therefore we have now been justified by his blood, much more shall we be saved by him from the wrath of God." Ephesians 1:7, "In him we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of our trespasses according to the riches of his grace." Hallelujah. He ain't out of grace yet. He's rich in grace. God rich in mercy. 1 John 1 and verse 7. But if we walk in the light as he is the light, then we have fellowship one with the other. And the blood of Jesus his son cleanses us from all sin. All sin. Colossians 1:20 says, "Through him to and through him to reconcile to himself all things, whether on hell earth or in heaven, making peace by the blood of his cross." Hebrews 9:22, "Indeed, under the law, almost everything is purified with blood. And without the shedding of blood, there is no forgiveness of sin." 1 Peter 1:18 says, "For as much as you know that you're not redeemed with corruptible things as silver and gold, from your vain conversation received by traditions from your fathers, but with the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb without spot and without blemish. We wasn't redeemed by silver and gold, but it was a greater price. Our friend laid down his life for us." Hello. Is that not what happened? There's no greater greater love than a friend lay down his life. He laid down his life for you. Then don't we think we could lay down our pride and our will and our arrogance and our stupidities and all the things that we got oursel and lay it down for him. Yes. He's not asking you to go to a cross, be nailed there upon a crucified on a Roman cross. That's not what he's asking. He's asking you for you to lay yourself upon his altar and you die to yourself. That's the hardest thing for a person to do because yourself is constantly self. It's always self. It's always about self. It's always about pleasing self. You know, we sing the song, I feel like praising, praising him. But many times, self is want to say, I don't feel like praising praising him. I don't feel like praising praising him. I ain't going to praise him this morning. I ain't going to praise him all day long. I don't feel like praising him. That is self. It is pride that raises up and self sits there and self tries to govern what's on the inside of you. But if the spirit of God is truly on inside of you, it's going to overcome that thing. And it's going to bring it subject to the word of God. Bring what subject? this self, right? We will always have this self until the body change. Yeah, you can get full of the Holy Ghost and I believe and I I preach it that the Holy Ghost gives you power, but power over what? Self. That doesn't mean self doesn't rise up sometimes. Self doesn't raise its own ugly head and make a mistake or do something stupid. Amen. Well, what happens? what's on the inside said, "Hey, boy, you ain't the ruler of this house. I There's a strong man in the house, and he's going to bring you subject to the word of God. Not to what we think or how we want to live or what we want to do, but to the word of God." It'll bring yourself subject to the word of God in church. That's why you bring yourself to church because yourself don't want to come to church. Boy, I'm getting all full of self, ain't I? I ain't going to ask for hands, but I guarantee there's hands in here of selfves that didn't want to come to church. Had all kind of excuses for selfselves not to come to church. All kind of excuses. Good, maybe good excuses. But if you have the spirit of God, it'll bring self subject to the word of God. If it's not becoming subject to the word of God and you're not assembling yourself with the believers, then you don't have the spirit of God. I don't care how much self says you do. This is what's the problem. Too much too much of what we think is the Holy Ghost is self saying, "I got the Holy Ghost." Self-righteousness and self uh uh worthiness and self, I done this and I've done that. I gave my money. I did all this. Listen, we ain't worried about ourselves. We're laying ourselves upon the altar cuz I ain't got any faith in this blood right here. But I got faith in the eternal blood of the lamb of God. Titus 2 and verse 13 says, "Looking for that blessed hope, that glorious appearing of the great God and our savior Jesus Christ, who gave himself for us that we might that he might redeem us from all iniquity and purify unto himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works." Colossians 1:12 says, "Giving thanks unto the Father which has made us meat to be partakers of the inheritance of light, who has delivered us from the power of darkness and translated us in the kingdom of his dear son, in whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sin." Revelations 1 and verse 5 says, "Unto him that loved us and washed us from our sin in his own blood." Amen. in his own blood. Brother R would take that and he said wash it actually means loosed. He's loosed us from our sins. Amen. Isn't that wonderful? You're if you're spiritual minded, did you catch it? It It was his own blood that loosed us completely from our sin. It wasn't human blood. It was the blood of God. Peter called it the blood of Christ. Paul called it the blood of the Lord and the blood of Jesus. Not three persons, but one person. As that revelation again, one God, that innipotent Jehovah God came down and made himself a body by means of a virgin birth and indwelt it and might that it might be the blood of God that would free us or loose us entirely from sins and present us spotless before him with exceeding great joy. Amen. Hallelujah. It so loosed us because it was a perfect blood. Therefore, it was a perfect loosing from the power and bondage and defilement of sin. Then the loosen is perfect and complete. And if it's perfect and complete, there is now no for no more condemnation. Hallelujah. Amen. Do you realize what kind of services we have? We didn't have condemnation. Amen. If say when when the presence of God will move, some condemnation come. Well, you did this and you did that. If we got really faith in the blood of Jesus Christ, he don't remember it no more. If you've asked for forgiveness, you have been loosed from it. Amen. You have been set free from it. You don't have to still dwell in it. You don't have to still live in it. You don't have to still carry it. You have been loose from it. That's right. Amen. The only reason why you still carry it is because you went back and you grabbed a hold of it and you put it back on your back again. God didn't do that. That's right. But condemnation come. But who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It is God that justify or declares us righteous. Who is he that condemnth? It is Christ that died. Oh yeah. Amen. So that tells me Satan has no right to condemn us. That's right. Cuz he's not the one who died for us. He's not the one who paid the price. He's not one that paid the ransom. So therefore, he cannot be the one who says the debt's not settled cuz he didn't pay the debt in the first place. But the one who settled our debt says there's no condemnation. You have been loose. You have been set free. It is over. It is finished. It is done. You don't have to be tied down to it no more. You know what that blood continued to do? We can read about it in verse six. He said he made us kings and priests. So he transferred the power. Hello. Satan had the power but his back was broke at Calvary and he lost it. And that blood took the power from Satan, the keys to his house and he gave it to his bride. So now you have the right to call fire down upon the kingdom of Satan. You have the right to declare what's going to happen today. That's what a king is. Is that not what a king is? A king has power. He has authority. He has the abilities. He has the rights. Amen. A priest has the rights. Amen. To the blood of Jesus Christ. He has made us kings and priests. Or in other words, he has given us authority and power that we can use his name. that we can invoke the rights of heaven. As we bring this down, going back to the Garden of Eden for a moment, Cain killed Abel and the Lord came down and he said to Cain, says, "Where's your where's Abel, your brother?" He said, "Well, I know not." Well, he lied. Well, that wasn't no big deal. He just murdered. I know not. Am I my brother's keeper? And he says, "What hast thou done? The voice of thy brother's blood crith to me from the ground." So we find the blood has a voice. It has a blood voice. It was crying out murder. Vengeance. Hello. This is what it would do when somebody would would accidentally kill somebody in the cities of refuge. That blood would cry out eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth. It would cry out and it would scream out, "Murder, avenger. Hey, you know, I need I need a re restitution for what's been done to me." And this voice cried out. Amen. But in Hebrews 12 and verse 24, Jesus the mediator of a new covenant and to the blood of sprinkling that speaketh better things than that of Abel. So, amen. He would brother would talk about it. He said, "This blood cried out vengeance." It cried out murder. It cried out, "I need you to come and avenge me." He said, "But Jesus blood came down and it spoke better things." It didn't speak you were guilty. No. No. It don't speak you're guilty. It don't call you a sinner. It don't call you a loser. Amen. But this blood, it cries out perfect. It cries out forgiven. It cries out healed. It cries out delivered. Hallelujah. This blood has a voice. And this blood is screaming out tonight. You who were once sinners have been forgiven. And you have been given forgiven much, but you have been made perfect by the blood of the lamb. This blood is crying out tonight and it's saying there's no condemnation. This blood is crying out and saying, "I have paid the price. You're healed." This blood is crying out saying, "I have paid the price." It's in the atonement. You are saved. This blood we're under, it has a voice, but it's crying out freedom. It's not crying out, "Still a sinner, still wrong, still got this, still got that." It's screaming out forgiven. set free. It's finished. It's done. It's over. You don't have to bear that no longer. It's speaking to generational curses tonight and saying, "You don't have no power over that son of God. You don't have no power over that daughter of God." It's speaking to cancer tonight, telling them cancer, it does not have power over a son of God. Come on. This blood has a voice and it's a powerful voice and it's screaming out, "Woman, thou art loosed. You are forgiven. You're set free. You don't have to live that way any longer. You don't have to live under that bondage any longer, young man. But you can walk out of this building forgiven, free, over, finished, debt, paid." That is the power of this blood. It wasn't the blood of guilt. It was the blood of freedom. It was a blood of redemption. In the Old Testament, that lamb spoke of death and sorrow. But in this testament, it speaks of resurrection and life. In that testament, it spoke of death. And this one, it speaks of healing. And that one is spoke of guilt. This one it speaks of joy. And that one spoke of one day we will have it. Today we have it. Yes sir. It is power. It speaks life. It speaks heaven. And the same blood that was shed upon the ground that called out for his dead brother or called out after his brother killed him. The blood of Jesus Christ when his brothers killed him. Come on. His brothers killed him. He could have that blood could have screamed the same thing. But that blood, it didn't scream the I I need vengeance. I need red. I need I need someone to come down and wipe things off the face of their No, it screamed now. Father, forgive them for they know not what they do. What a blood. What a blood that'll look right at you in your stupidity, in your ignorance, in your wrongdoings, and say, "Father, forgive them." How can I get this blood, brother Timothy? You've got to accept this blood that he died for me. It ain't good enough to know that he died for brother Tim or somebody your daddy or whoever. But this God came down and became flesh and died for me when I couldn't go to where he was. I could I couldn't go beyond that veil. I was veiled out. He came down and he rent the veil. And now I have the right tonight to go before him and ask him in my time of need. Let's bow our heads. You have a right to go before him tonight in your time of need. But brother Timothy, I've done so much. I've done so much wrong. Well, listen. There's still enough blood because he taketh away sins. In other words, his blood will remain until every sin is taken away, annihilated, finished. over. Done. You could have sins piled up to the roof, fill this whole building. There's still enough blood to take it away. You have the rights to walk away from generational curses. because of a blood. This blood is speaking tonight. Freedom, speaking deliverance to whosoever will accept it. Will you accept it [Music] tonight? I mean, say, I want to accept this blood tonight. Let this blood cover me. Cover me, [Music] Lord. Granted, Jesus. Lord [Music] Jesus, greater than all of our sin is the blood that is applied. So thankful to have that blood tonight, Lord. Blood that washes us white as snow. Take the vilest sinner and make him clean. Lord Jesus, we just ask Father that you come, Lord, and hearts tonight. You know, there's some hearts here that's been shattered. Some hearts here that's full of sin. Some bodies here that are sick, Lord. But Lord, may that bloodline just run through this place, Lord, and cover and annihilate and wash away every sin, every broken heart, every crushed spirit. Jesus, move, we pray. Heal every sick Lord. God, may we push into the realms of all things are possible. [Music] Help us, Lord. I pray, Lord. You've seen the hands that were lifted up all over this building. We We're still in need of that blood. We're still in need of that intercessor. We're still in need, Lord, of times, Lord. We make mistakes and we do wrong. Still in need, Lord. There's still needs, Lord, of those who have needs of the Holy Ghost to come into their lives. Lord, there's some that just need to be justified and sanctified. And there's some that's been there and they need to be filled with the Holy Ghost. Oh [Music] God, help us to realize the need of the hour. Lord, seriousness of the moment, not let one service go by that we didn't acknowledge you and welcome you and realize the need that we have for that blood. We ask it in Jesus name. [Music] Thank Thank you Jesus. Thank Thank you Jesus. It has it's washed me. Thank you Jesus. You have saved [Music] my brought me into maybe your life that don't have that blood and you want it tonight. It's here for you. Oh, thank you Jesus for the blood. Why don't you just come and accept that blood? Oh Jesus. It's washed me white. Thank you Jesus. I may want to thank him for saving your life. Oh you brought me from the darkness. into glorious life. Oh, I was a wretch. I remember. Oh, I was lost. I was blind. Oh, running out of time. Sin separated the bridge was far too wide. Far side of the chasm. You held me in your side. So you made a way cross the great divide. You left heaven's throne behind all to build it. Build it here inside. And there at the cross. Oh yes. You broke my chain. Free my soul. For the first time I had hope. Thank you Jesus for the blood. The blood applied. Thank you Jesus. You have washed me white. Thank you. Thank you Jesus. You have saved me. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness to glorious light. And you took my place. Oh, you were buried. You were buried for three days. When you walk out and it has no sting. Oh, glory for I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. Thank you, Jesus. The blood. Oh, the blood of Christ. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Wash me. You have washed me. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Draw me from the darkness to you. Lord, there is nothing stronger. Oh, there is nothing stronger than the wonderworking power of the Yes, Lord. The love. He calls us sons and daughters. They call us sons and daughters. We are ransomed by our father through the love. Oh, oh, there is nothing stronger and there is nothing stronger than the wonder working power of the world. Yes, [Music] Lord. Thank you. Call the sons and daughters and daughters. We are ransomed by our [Music] father. Oh, thank you Jesus for the blood supply. Thank you Jesus. You have washed us white. Thank you Jesus. You have saved me from the darkness in your glory. Glory to his name. Oh, [Music] glor to my heart. [Music] Oh, glory to his name. I'm singing glory to his name. Oh, his name. Oh, glory to his name. Oh there to my Oh [Music] glor I know I am so wondous save from sin. Jesus so sweetly above within. Oh, there at the cross. Oh, we say glory to Oh, I like that last verse. says, "Come, oh come to the found so rich and cast thy poor soul at the Savior's feet. in today. Oh, complete glory to his name. It is well. Oh, with my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well with my soul. Oh. Oh, it is well. Oh, with my [Laughter] soul. It is well. It is well. Well, with my soul. Say it again. It is well. Oh, it is well. Yes. With my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well with my [Music] soul. Oh, and it's already [Music] done. Oh, it's already done. And the battle is over and the victory is one. Oh, it's already done. Say it's already done. Oh, it's already done. Oh, it's already done. Oh, the battle is over and the victory is won. Oh, it's already done. Oh, and I'm already here. Yes, I'm already here. Oh, the battle is over and the victory is won. It's already done. Oh, and I love Oh, you Lord. I love you. Yes. Because because you first love. Oh yes, I love you, Lord. Oh yes, I love I love you, Lord. I love you. Oh, because you first you first love me. Say it again. I love you, Lord. Oh, yes. I love I love you, Lord. I love you. Oh, because you first love [Music] me. And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness. Oh, all my life. Yes. All my life you have been faithful. Oh, all my life you have been so so good. Oh, with every breath I am aable. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness is running. Say, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. Oh, it's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you [Music] everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Say, "Your goodness is running after." Oh, it's running after me. Your goodness is running after. is running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus over heart and every mind cuz I know there's peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. I just want to speak the name of Jesus. [Music] Addiction starts to break. [Music] There's hope and there is freedom. I speak Jesus. [Music] Your name is power. Your name. Your name is healing. Your name is love. Break every stronghold. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows burn like a fire. Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Oh. over fear and all anxiety. To every soul held captive to every soul held captive by [Applause] depression. Oh, I speak [Music] Jesus. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn light to fire. Shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over every eny. Oh Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. [Music] Oh, shout Jesus from the mountain. And shout Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. I speak Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name, the name of Jesus. Oh, your name is power. Your name is power. Oh, your name is healing. [Music] Your name is break every stronghold. Make every stronghold shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. For your name is power. Your name is power. [Music] Your name is healing. Your name is love. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. [Music] Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is [Music] break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. Come Jesus. [Music] We've been waiting so long for the day you return. To heal every hurt and write every wrong. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. Oh, deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus [Music] come. Come Jesus come. Oh come Jesus come. [Music] We've been waiting so long. Oh, for the day you return to heal every hurt, right? Lord, we need you right now. [Music] Turn this around. Know deep down I know this world is at home. Come [Music] [Applause] Jesus. Come Jesus. Oh deep. I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus [Music] come. Come Jesus. Oh, sing it one more time. Deep down I know. Oh deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus. [Music] Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. And Jesus keeps me near. The [Music] cross the precious found. It's free to all. to all a stream. Oh from free mountain. We say it's in the cross. Oh, in the cross be my [Music] glory. Oh, [Music] my heart. Oh, shall I find I'll find rest on the the river and near the I'll watch and [Music] wait and Oh [Music] king until I reach that golden soul. Oh, just beyond just beyond beyond the river. Oh, is it the cross in the cross? Oh Lord, be my glory. [Music] [Applause] forever until my rapured soul shall find. Oh, I find rest [Music] beyond the Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed. Just go sing that song. It's here. The cross away. The cross [Music] my thy wrath.
