################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2014-08-02 - The Age Of The Perfect Bride - 2014 07 20e - Pastor Isiah Brooks - Isiah Brooks.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2014-08-02
Title:    The Age Of The Perfect Bride - 2014 07 20e - Pastor Isiah Brooks
Speaker:  Isiah Brooks
Church:   Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 19m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=se5I7GFiYbg
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
The Age Of The Perfect Bride
Pastor Isiah Brooks
Recorded - 2014 07 20e
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
As we stand, we're just going to turn right to the scripture. Amen. I didn't know I'd gone so long this morning. I was caught up in a place called eternity, I guess. Amen. So, we're going to uh come to you by uh the book of Revelations, the 3r chapter, 14th verse. And then we're going to uh we're not done with uh the other scripture that we we stopped in uh Peter, but we want to use this as a text. Amen. Uh and then we'll we'll we'll read 3:14 and go to Acts 17 28th verse. Amen. Revelations 3. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. Amen. I just can't get over how Randy and Sister Lindsay look so good together [Laughter] today. Revelation the third chapter. Amen. We're going to read here. He says, "And the angel of the church of Leodysia, write these things the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God." Acts 17. Yeah. Honestly, I just can't get over. Sometimes I think about where I was and where I am now and I can hardly take it because I realize where God has brought me from. Surely he's been good to me. Amen. He's he's been good to me. Acts uh uh 17:28 I think we're going to start at the uh 27th verse. That they make that they should seek the Lord if happily they might feel after him and find him though he be not far from every one of us. Amen. Now I trust you believe that. Amen. Amen. For in him we live and move and have our beings as our certain also of your own prophets have said. For we are also his offspring, beginning of God's creation. We are the offspring. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. For as much then as we are the offspring of God, we ought not to think that the Godhead is likened to gold or silver or stone or graven by art and man's devices. I think Paul knew that that Catholic Church was coming through. Amen. Ain't God good to us? One more scripture, please. 1 Corinthians 15. 58th verse. Let's start uh at the 57th verse, excuse me. But thank be to God which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ. Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye steadfast, unmovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord. For as much as ye know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord. Amen. Be ye steadfast, unmovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord. Amen. Let us pray. Father God, we come before you, Lord, as humbly as we know how. We thank you for your grace. We thank you for your mercy, Lord. We just thank you for being so good to us. We pray, Father, that you would just bless the service once again. Give us grace to move completely out of your way. Lord God, let your voice echo through our soul. We ask these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. Even though we started on this morning, we entitled the message uh return to where you belong or return to where we belong. Uh I like to entitle this second portion uh the age of the perfect bride. The age of the perfect bride. Remember in 196263 brother Brandham Her I'm sorry in 19 uh 65 he was talking by the grace of God about those stars lining up. He said there was five stars that lined up and it was the birth or the beginning of a bride. He always taught us that the heavens always speak before God does anything on the earth. You and I have seen, you know, the the uh uh uh sign of the blood moons and we realize this is not something that's just happening. We understand that these things have happened before and it is what what it is. We see the coming and the approach of the Messiah. Now, God told us, amen, that we should look at these signs and said that the heavens will always declare of his glory. So it's not wrong. You know people a lot of time people look at things and they think okay because I remember the time when they taught us oh having any knowledge of astrology or anything like that was uh was wrong. But then our prophet comes and let us know that that was God's first Bible. Now it was no coincidence that God's Bible starts off with uh the virgin. Amen. Can I say anymore? the virgin and end up, amen, with this great king, the Leo, the lion. Amen. And we realize by the grace of God, amen, has always been about her. The whole boast about Satan ascending above the stars of heaven has always been about God's bride. Is that right? He was always jealous of Micah. And he wanted a greater kingdom than Micah. We know Micah is Christ. Amen. And so we realize by the grace of God, amen, that Satan has always wanted her and he did his best to get her. He did every kind of scheme that he could scheme with. I mean, look what he did. By the grace of God, he locked Rah Rahab up in a wall. He locked Rahab up in a wall and thought she'd never come out of it. Amen. But you know, God always knows how to get his own. So we realize by the grace of God, excuse me, we realize by the grace of God, Amen, that that we're living at a time of a perfect bride. Brother Brandham said it like this. He said, "Of all the ages, brides, brides, brides, brides, they all failed. They all were deceived. They all came into a basically organization, denomination, whatever it is." He said, "But the bride of Jesus Christ will not be deceived." Amen. Oh, thank God. Thank God. Thank God. Amen. And God, we without Christ, without him, we would be deceived. If God had not chosen and elected us, if he had not called us for a purpose, Amen. we would be just like the world. The Bible said, "Had he not left himself a seed, we will all have been like Sodom and Gomorrah." A lot of people don't like me to say that. I don't have to say it. The word does. And the truth of the matter is we have would all have become just that way without God's election with God start God's choosing and and literally placing a seed in us before the foundations of the world. We would not have been any different. But we look at this thing and um I'm coming to Peter in just a moment because I really believe with all my heart these virtues must be crowned in us by divine love. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Amen. It is a journey. Yes. Brother Random tells us character is not given to you. It is a victory. Amen. People of God. And all you have to do, it's not difficult. All you have to do is have the right mental attitude toward the word. Amen. Amen. And brother Brandham said, "God will bring it to pass your right mental attitude toward the word." Amen, Lord. Amen. I don't have to see it with my natural eye. God is not requiring me to see it. He's requiring me to believe it. Amen. Right. Amen. There would be no way if I was in Joshua's them shoes looking at giants. And if you ever looked up in the in the history of of what they have found to be as giants, you would have understood when he said they stood like trees because that's exactly what they did. They did stand like trees. Amen. Hello. But nevertheless, Amen. Joshua and them did not look at the circumstances because had they looked at the physical evidence, amen, they would have said, "No way this could have happened." But they looked beyond that. They were from above. Oh Lord have mercy. So they recognized that the kingdom that was from above was far greater than the kingdom that is below here. And these giants were not of the kingdom of God. Amen. Like like David said, you uncircumcised Philistine. Hello. Yes, sir. And so anyway, to make a long story short, in order for us to continue on in this walk, we must must be like Abraham. Call those things that be not as though they were. That's the only way you've got to call these things that be not. I don't care if your eyes declare it's not there. I don't care if your smell, your taste, your whatever. Declare it not to be there. You must ignore all of that and say God's word says right now. I want you to understand what God is doing even among this message. God is shaking all the kingdoms. He's shaking my life. He's shaking your life right now. He's shaking, shaking, shaking to see whether or not you are movable. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Is that all right? Turn with me to Hebrews 12, please. God is shaking to see whether you are movable. I don't know about you, but I've received a kingdom that's unmovable. Hallelujah. And I am in that kingdom. Amen. Now I'm going to read this and I'm going to start basically at the 22nd verse so you can understand who you are. But ye are come unto Mount Zion and unto a city of the living God. Amen. The heavenly Jerusalem and to an innumerable company of angels. Now, how could he write these to the Hebrews and they're on earth? But you got to recognize, amen, I'm not just on earth. I'm in heavenly places. in Christ Jesus. Hello. You believe that? Amen. We have come into a city of a living God, the un the heavenly Jerusalem, and to an innumerable company of angels, to the general assembly and church of the firstborn, which are written in heaven. Are you written in heaven? Amen. I just showed you how you're the offspring, right? Church of the first born. Amen. coming from the the the birth of Jesus himself, right? Because you got to understand that Eve was the first born of Adam. The woman types the church. Amen. Out of him came the church. Out of Jesus came the church. Amen. She type. It has to be the same. Amen. Right. But she fell to the general assembly and church of the firstborn which was written in heaven and to God the judge of all and to the spirit of just men. What? Made perfect. You're made perfect. Just men made perfect. And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant and to the blood of sprinkling and the speaking of better things than that of Abel. See that you refuse not him that speaketh. For if they escape not who refuse him that speak on earth, speak on earth, much more shall not we escape if we turn away from him that speaketh from heaven. Think about it. Those who refuse to hear Moses, those who refuse to hear Noah, they die. Now look what's happening now. We just didn't have a prophet speaking from the earth, but we had a God who came down visibly. Hallelujah. They want to deny the cloud, but I can't help to know that was my Lord. Amen. He spoke from heaven. Amen. If you deny this, how can you escape? Whose voice then what shook the earth? Did it shake the earth? Amen. When those blast that blast came, he said he thought it was his death. It shook the earth. Amen. But now he had promised saying yet once more I will shake not only the earth only but also heaven. So something is moving. It's going to shake heaven and earth. Amen. Amen. And this word yet once more signify the removing of those things that are shaken as of things that are made that those things which cannot be shaken may remain. So you understand that everything that's being shaken is only to bring you to a place in your life where you could see that you could not be shook. Let's put it this way. in a place where you could not cannot be moved. Hallelujah. Right. Your foundation is built upon a rock. The revelation of Jesus Christ for our day. Amen. Wherefore we receive, we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved. Let us have grace whereby we may serve God acceptably with reverence and godly fear. Why? For our God is a consuming fire. Right. Right. Let us not forget that. Oh, God is love. God is grace. But I tell you one thing, folks, and y'all can say what you want to say, but there's no way I want to re want to experience the fire of God in that way. Not in the way of judgment. Right? I don't mind God coming. not trust. I thank God for his fire coming in and cleaning up the house, but I don't want to experience God's judgment fire that comes to destroy. And this is what I don't understand about message believers is because they fail to see that if it had not been Malachi from Malachi 4, the world would have been destroyed already. Yes, sir. That's true. It was Malachi 4. God used him in the way of grace. Yes. to prepare a people, to bring a people back to repentance so that the judgment of God would be stayed. Amen. But now we're at a place, Amen. It's time for a burning. Amen. Anybody know what I'm talking about. The world is ready for a burning. Yes, sir. And everything that's not worshiping and serving God will burn. Amen. The scripture tells us that even our works will be tried by fire. Is that okay? Now I said the age of a perfect bride because our prophet God through him said she will not be deceived. Amen. Now I want you to understand by the grace of God, you're not being deceived is not because you're so smart. Oh sir. Amen. There's not a man has been born of a woman that was smarter than Lucifer. Y'all hear what I said? I'mma say it again. There's not a man on this earth that's been born of a woman that was smarter than Lucifer. If God had not interfered with our lives, he would have just thrown us around like like a pingpong ball or something. He he he we must understand by the grace of God. Amen. It's God protecting us from baby birth. Yes, sir. Oh, I escaped. How did you escape? Hello, somebody. God caused you to escape. Amen. I'mma tell y'all something. This is uh Arnette. Brother Arnett. He's gone on to be with the Lord. Anybody here knew brother Arnett? He was in a wheelchair. You remember brother Arnet, brother? He was in a wheelchair. He was a real close friend of brother brother um Brandon. But before he got saved, he was a real slinger, a outlaw. He was really a hillbilly. He was he done killed about three or four people. Now I'm talking about he telling me this. He's telling me this. And when he came to the message, he was so when he met Brother Brandham, he's guilt and everything. He says, "Oh, how can I ever be saved? I I've killed these so many people. Brother Brandham looked at him and all of a sudden, Brother Brandham said, "Don't worry about it. They were serpents." Come on now. Anybody? Come on, somebody. In other words, they weren't even savable. They weren't redeemable. That's why God allowed you to kill them. But can you imagine the the burden that rolled from that man's heart? See, this message come to set you free. And where the spirit of the uh of the Lord is, there is liberty. Amen. God never said worry. God said have faith in God. Let's move on by the gra. You're justified as though you ever never sinned in the first place. But if you don't believe it, it's not for you. It's not for you. I believe I'm going to not just believe it. It's just something in me know by the grace of God, I'll be in this rapture. Explain it to me. I cannot explain it. One thing for certain, I know that if I look at my flesh, I'll never see Jesus. You'll never see him. Let me move on. I I've got to say a few things because I want you to realize before when I come to this Peter again, you've got to understand that this mean giving up everything. It means giving up everything. Like I said the other day, I said here was Rahab. Now Rahab had friends. Rahab all the relatives. Rahab had all kinds of reputations. No doubt. But Rahab had to give up everything. Amen. And keep it a secret. All right. She had to keep a secret that God had come down and she helped the men of God and she's going to be safe. The only people she told her secret to was her house. Amen. And these people understand as I said the other day when ra when when when when Jericho collapsed and was destroyed Rahab and then walked out on the ashes. Amen. Amen. Walked out on the ashes. Now what you saying brother affiliations and associates and whatever more that was there in Rahab's life was now dead. Yeah. So there was not one person that could follow her and said, "We remember when Rahab became a family secret." And if you had not known, the only reason why God put it in there because he knew there was going to be some of us who would be Rahabs. Amen. All right. Amen. So we realized by the grace of God, God shook, shook, shook, and brought it down for Rahab and her family. Let me ask you a question. What did Rahab do to deserve God's grace? Nothing. You know what it was? Election. What did you do for your ears to be opened to this message? Nothing. Nothing. God interfered in your life and brought you this. Why? because you were elected. Amen. Right? That's what I love about it. I trust his election. Now, I look at this and I said, "Here was God going down to Moab. He shook Moab. He shook Moab." Amen. To get out Ruth, right? Shook her family, right? Look what God had to do to get her. And yet is still she comes to a place and she says unto her mother-in-law Naomi, "Your God will be my God. Your people will be my What was she doing? I'm not born of this world. I'm born of Moabitis. I've served in the Moabitis temples and whatever more. But in my heart, I'm a true Jew." Amen. And that's the way you must think. I don't care what your background has been and where you come from. What you think the blood of Jesus Christ washed every bit of that away. And you and I must not think as a natural man. We are now sons and daughters of God where there is only one blood. Amen. And that's the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. One blood and that's the blood of Jesus Christ. Tell me what color it is. Y'all understand me? So my point is this. Amen. If that be the case, is that am I right or wrong? Brother Brandham said, "When you receive the Holy Ghost, now I fully understand it." He said, "You receive a blood transfusion." Amen. Amen. Now, I don't understand it, but I believe it. That mean if I've got a blood transfusion, every devil that's in my blood got to go. Amen. Yes, sir. Because this natural blood and my spiritual blood are not compatible. No sir. Amen. So you look at this and we look at this thing and I'm saying these thing because now we go to Simon's house and you see this woman humiliating herself, right? But she's giving all she's got. She's looking at God and she's thinking, "I'm not worthy. Neither was my occupation that I was once in worthy to approach such a holy God. Look at this woman. Look at the versus Simon's uh uh uh uh footwasher or whatever he was flunky. Amen. That came to Jesus and failed to worship him status-wise. He was in a better position than this woman. But here come this woman who is the scum of the earth, right? known for her reputation because as soon as she walked in, they say, "Oh, that's Mary." Amen. Y'all heard my story on that one. But my point is, she's looking at this thing as this is my only opportunity. Amen. I know he's healed some of the other girls. [Music] That's what he said. Brother Bam said she probably heard some of the others talking how God done healed and did this and that and it just built her faith. If he can do it for this one, he can do it for me. Amen. I look at brother Brandham and I say it like this. If God can come and bring him to a matured state, God can bring me to a mature state. Amen. Hallelujah. Someone want to argue the point that he didn't come to a mature state. But I said if he didn't, who how in the world God say to him, whatever you say, that's the scripture. If you say to this mountain, be thy move. Amen. Come on. Amen. Jesus didn't get that at the at the at the river. He got that at the mountain. Y'all hear what I'm saying? So, you look at these things and I don't understand why people say what they say, but I go on with what God has given me. Now, I want you to understand, and we go there in just a moment. Romans uh uh 1 Corinthians tells us we are the temple of God. And no, you're not. Let's just turn there quickly. Uh 1 Corinthians 3. Is this okay? Amen. I just want to take my time. I can get excited anytime. I get excited at home. So, listen. Um 1 Corinthians 3 and 16, know ye not that you are the temple of God, and that the spirit of God dwelleth in you? Amen. Now, that's a question mark. And that that's the thing. In the Corinthian church, I guess they did have problems with knowing that God was in them. If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy. For the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are. Now, he's telling them God's temple is holy. Now, you destroy it, you're going to be in trouble. That word destroy said they say it defile mean destroy. Now we look at this thing and say, "Well, brother Brooks, uh, if God is in me, why what's happening?" Let God is not a showoff. Amen. He doesn't put on a show. Amen. Now, we look at all of the things that Jesus did. But remember now, Jesus grew up to be a man of 33, and up to that point, there was only one miracle done. One. And yet, he was still God. One. Because God don't show off. Amen. Y'all hear what I'm saying? What it is is we as a bride, we don't understand when the stage has been completely set for us, you and I going to see things we've never seen before. Amen. But we hold the faith knowing that if God should choose to do something today, right now, he can do it. Amen. Y'all hear what I'm saying? So I look at this thing and you got to realize, amen, that even brother Brandham said that as according to the records, there were more miracles done in his ministry than it was written in the Bible of Jesus. You understand that Jesus did there's only certain min miracles, but he said in his ministry, it wasn't brother Brandham. It was the same Jesus Christ doing what? Hooking the bride. Yes. Amen. This whole thing in this age was all about us. God, Lord, hooking his bride, pulling on her, bringing himself, revealing himself so that she would fall in love with him. Now, let's move on by the grace of God. So, we are the temple of God. Is that all right? We know by the grace of God, we can't just live any kind of way and expect to get get away with it. Come on. Amen. Amen. Listen what he says. Amen. In Romans 12, I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice. That word sacrifice means what? Is not convenient. That's the way I think about it. When I see a sacrifice, that means I've got five cent and God is requiring seven and I've got two pennies stashed away somewhere. Y y'all understand me? It lit. Now I'm trying to say sacrifices always take you out of your norm. And sometimes sacrifices can hurt. Amen. You spirit. When I say hurt, I mean hurt because you don't want to do it. Lord, I would that this cup pass from me, but nevertheless, not my will. Amen. Thine be done. See, it's not the it's not it's God don't look at the feeling that you don't want to do it. He's looking at whether you gonna do it or not. Amen. That's where the sacrifice comes in. So anyway, we look at this thing and say, "Well, Lord, by your grace, by your grace." So, we're looking at this thing. He said, "Present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your what? reasonable service, and be not conformed to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. God is saying this to you tonight. Your mind is what troubles. Hello. Your mind, now I'm not just talking about this. I'm talking about connecting both of them because realize, amen, that what you think about God's word is what God receives from you. You understand me? That's why I say the right mental attitude to bring it to pass. if it's always a amen. But if we get to a place wherein God's word has come to a place that we don't even know whether it works or not Lord especi especially when it comes to healing and things that you know I mean so our thoughts about his word is what he's judging us he said an acceptable that's why we have to hear the word read it study it renewing renewing renewing don't ever forget because The Bible said basically what what Israel if they had only remembered what at all they would have returned back into Egypt spiritually they did it anyway. Amen. Right? They did it anyway. And let me tell you something. If you don't renew your mind with the word of God, you will return whether you like it or not because you dealing with a flesh man and a God man. Like brother Brandham said, it all depends on which dog you feed the most. All right. I know some of y'all Amen. Let's move on by the grace of God. Is that okay? Amen. We look at this thing. Let's turn now to to to second Peter. I'm talking about coming into a perfect position. Never since the fall of man have a perfect bride come forth. Eve was the first and she fell. But there is no other time there were a perfect bride. Jehovah's bride fell. Yes, sir. Brother Bible said Jesus bride failed. Right. It failed because Amen. in Ephesus it was aimed at it was relaxed and boom it fell. It had to fall. But now in this resurrection she comes Amen. with extra strength. Hallelujah. Why? because she now has a full revelation of not only who her Lord is but who she is. The Bible said the revelation was hid from the foundation of the world. Amen. Right? This mystery was hidden. And so therefore there was they didn't know no better. They couldn't do no better than what they were doing. But now in this age where the Bible said God used to wink at ignorance, he does he just doesn't do it anymore. He He now expect us to come up to the mark. Amen. Paul said, "I press. I press." That was a good thing that Paul laid on record because now we find out that we are now in a pressing season. Amen. Y'all believe that? Amen. First Peter, please. We'll begin reading at the at the second verse. I love the Lord. Don't you? Amen. You know, we look at this thing and I I'm telling you, as I I said earlier, we cannot imagine uh uh second Peter, I'm sorry. We have no idea what God is doing for us. We read some of this this morning, but let me just start all over. Starting with add to the fifth verse. And beside this, giving all diligence add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge, temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patient godliness. Now, you're no stronger than your faith in the word. Now, faith, right, you don't have faith until something has been quickened in you, right? In other words, when that life comes in, I'm talking about godly faith. When when your that germ of life has been quickened in you by faith you are saved. Amen. By grace right through faith you are saved. Now that life has been quickened right and you supposed to feed on this word. In other words the word is supposed to become the amen. Whatever you read amen. Whatever you read amen so be it. Amen. That's your virtue. God said so. And that's what God tried to tell through Abraham. Oh, Abraham, it's been a long time and and you we don't see no baby. How you know you're going to have it? He said, God said so. That was his virtue. Holding fast on the promises of God. That was his strength. No matter what circumstances put before his eyes, he strongly believed. That's the Bible said. And he never staggered, Amen. at the promises. And because of that, God rewarded him. Y'all hear what I'm saying? So, we find out, amen, that virtue is standing right there on the word. And what gives you extra strength is when you come to learn of me. I love this. I I meant to bring this forth this morning. Amen. About the yoke. He said, "My yoke is easy and my burden is light." Hallelujah. Amen. So, when God yoke you up, Amen. He's the strong one. Hallelujah. And you're just going with him, right? Because you're compatible. Amen. Two horses together, not a horsey and a donkey. Amen. He's yoking you up. My yoke is easy and my burden is light. Think about it. So he yolks us up. Amen. In this gospel. Amen. And we're we're pulling this thing together. But guess what? He's the one that with all the strength, right? Amen. Amen. It's so true. Amen. And I thought about that. I thought, Lord, I I forgot to really say that because Amen. when you think about a yoke, you know, uh any any farmer, any man who who who who who work with horses and stuff knows that you you you you put the right horse in the right place in order to to to plow or to win a race or whatever the case may be. Let's move on. So, we find out, amen, that God comes along and he says to your knowledge as temperance and to temperance patience. You know, there's only just a a a little variation in there because listen, G, Brother B said, Jesus Christ had undisturbed faith. That's why the prophet of God had to come to bring a message that would bring a balance. It would bring temperance. It would bring something to us that we wouldn't be too far on this side or too far on the other side, but we'll be right here. Amen. Now, let me put it this way. Temperance will be tried. Faith is tried. But when God is on the inside, you know, you sit back almost watching yourself. Now, I know the way I used to be. I would be so upset right now. And I'm just marveling because this guy's cool. Y'all understand what I'm saying? He's not aggravated. He's not He's not boiling over. And I'm looking, that's me. Uh-uh. That's the Christ in me. Amen. Right. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Every time that when that temperance is being tried and you see yourself, oh my, God done something here because I remember the time, right? And patience, woo, patience is tried on a daily basis. Anybody can witness to me. Amen. Something's going to come and try your patience. And don't be one, Amen. that likes to be on time. I mean, that's the truth. He going to try it. But it's a good trial because when you find yourself not getting upset, you say, "Oh, thank you, Jesus. I know that's you." Right? You can smile and go on and enjoy Jesus anyhow. Cuz y'all don't understand. Let me Some of y'all do, but my tell you something. Satan would try me like every Sunday. It had to be something going on. Sometime it was my own fault. All right. But nevertheless, it happens. Amen. But the whole point behind it, we ought to sit back and say, "Okay, now I'm out of control on this one. I can't." So what is God is doing? You know what I mean? What is God is doing? Get me in a place where everything is godly, unshakable, right? unmovable. Amen. It's not gonna change my atmosphere. Oh Lord. Hey, I'm gonna keep that heavenly atmosphere. Amen. Come on, somebody. Amen. Y'all, anybody know what I'm talking about? Amen. Oh, so we go on with this. And patience, that's where it brings that godliness now, right? Because you're not even human now cuz you're not even getting upset and fussing and caring on. So all they could see is godliness in you. Something's different about that individual. I just can't get him upset for nothing. Why? Cuz that God in there holding him putting that flesh in check. You ain't going nowhere, you old m, right? That's what God doing. He holding holding him in check. He won't allow him to get upset. And all along that man on the inside is rejoicing. It's not I that live but Christ. Hallelujah. Come on. That's the way it is, people. That's the way it is. And then when you got godliness, guess what happens? You can be kind to your brother. Amen. You been tried all up and you got to realize like the prophet of God said, he didn't mean to do it. She didn't mean to do it. The devil made him do it. That's the adversary. Come on, somebody. That's the adversary. Now you can love your brother ES and sister even as they are. Ah, amen. Just typing, just showing you. Amen. Little things that we go and the whole time we don't even realize that God is trying to build your character with those little things in your life that's going on. He's trying to build your character to bring you under complete control of the Holy Ghost. And when he can get you to the place where you're not sounding like a sirene, he got you now. He can seal you up now because you can really love your brethren, your sister. No matter what the devil calls him to do, you can still be under godly control. [Music] Come on. And you think he going to use somebody that ain't going to be able to mess with you, but uh-uh, he's coming close to the door, right? He's coming right in your house. He's going to use children, wife, wherever it takes. He knows what can get next to you, and that's what he's going to use. You know what brother Brandham said, and I never heard him say it before, but it was on the tape, so you know he said it before. Amen. He said Jesus weakness was hunger. Jesus did not like to be hungry. That's why the devil could offer him the bread. See, God can't the devil can't tempt you in nothing that's not a weakness or somewhere some place in your area your life you don't like. He comes in the place where you know you you have a trial with. That's what he comes with. And that's where he tempts you. That's where he comes at. And that's Listen, can you imagine a hundred 40 days not eaten. Can you imagine what bread would have looked like? Can you imagine what bread would have smelled like? And let me tell you something. Do you think the devil wasn't fanning the aroma in his nose? Y'all know what I'm saying? Temptation comes with flavors. All the experience that you ever have had with bread was right there. That's the truth. It's almost like a man in the desert. Amen. He wants water. The mirage comes. Everything is real to him. Don't you think he didn't fail, Lord? Yeah. I'm telling you, that rock looked like bread. I know it did. It had to to be a temptation. Y'all know what I'm saying? And yet he pulls himself together and says, "Man does not live by bread alone. Hallelujah. But what was he showing? He was showing us because Jesus was now full of the Holy Ghost. And it was the Holy Ghost that spoke out of him. Man does not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God. Y'all hear what I'm saying? That was the Holy Ghost coming out of him, speaking on his behalf. Come on, somebody. It's the truth. And until we can get to a place where we can so yield to God that we give God space to speak before we speak, we'll be in better shape. Amen. Right. Right. So look at this. Let's move on by the grace of God. So we're coming up to this godly brotherly kindness. Brotherly kindness then what? Charity. And then God comes and he brings somebody in your life that's just absolutely unlovable. purposely he brings the unlovable in your life and say love him. But think about it. If that be the case, you're just one step from perfection. Hallelujah. You're right there. Amen. And when you can love that unlovable in a place where you can say, "I lay down my life in that while you were yet sinners, Christ died for you." You got to come there. You got to come to that place where you would lay down your life for that person who's unlovable. No matter how good you are to them, they're wicked to you. Know anybody know anybody like that? Y'all understand what I'm saying? He purposely bring that certain person that knows how to push your buttons. And you know what? Somehow you can't even escape from it. Hallelujah. Is that the truth? Amen. You got to realize when Jesus come to a place and Judas come to kiss him and he knew what Judas was, that was loving the unlovable in that sense. He came to love Judas. That was a victory. A lot of people don't realize that was a true victory to know this man is going to betray me. He's right in the act. I still call him what? Friend. And he was not playing the role of hypocrisy. He meant it. You're my friend. Even though you're going to betray me. God have mercy. But that's the love of God. That's perfection. H how many times brother Brandham went he said they tell me they love me he said and I know better they forget I the discernment is there right but he loved him anyway he never spoke evil of him even though he knew they didn't love him what was that training that was coming into perfection so don't be surprised when these devils raise up in your life that's your victory that's your Goliath hallelujah amen that's your overcoming. Amen. Not to fight back with the natural sword. Amen. Amen. But to conquer with love. Amen. And whether that person ever come to Christ or not, that's between them and God. But you overcome them with the love of God. Amen. When they do evil, you do good. It ain't making sense. Amen. Because it's about you overcoming. you overcome it. Is that okay? Let's move on. I I'm not going to finish this tonight, but let me go to uh let's go to uh uh Revelations 18, please. I I got to just touch on that because there's no way I can go in the depths of all of those things. You know, when you talk about these virtues and all adding to this and adding to this and adding to this, the best way I can tell you is to go listen to Statue of a Perfect Man, right? Then take that and personalize it, right? Bring it to a place. Okay, here I am. Where am I? A am I on on this mountain climb. Amen. Because that's what it is. Give me my mountain. Like I said this morning, where are you on this mountain climb, right? Because you belong to the at the top. Amen. Amen. You belong at the top. So let's let's let's look at this thing and say, "Okay, God, here I am. I know I can't add to me, but show me how I must surrender to you in order for you to take me higher. Cuz that's all it is. It's just vainly surrendering, right? Revelation 18. Everybody being blessed this this evening. Uh why? Because now now I I'm I'm like I said, I'm taking my time and I I I want to say by the grace of God, this is the age of perfection. Solomon said, "I don't want a little girl." In the Songs of Solomon, y'all remember, he said, "I don't want a little girl. I want a a a virgin that's mature." Y'all read Solomon. Y'all know what I'm talking about? Amen. He said, "I want a mature wife. I don't want some little girl." Amen. Christ is not looking for a little girl. He's looking for a matured woman. Amen. A right. Amen. Amen. I I was I've heard a sister when I was in Florida almost say that Christianity is boring. It ain't never boring. I said a Proverbs 31 wife will find something to do for God. Amen. Come on, somebody. She'll find something to do. If there is nothing to do, she'll find something to do for God. Romans 18, uh Revelation, I'm sorry. And starting at the uh let's just go and start at the first verse. And after these things, I saw another angel come down from heaven, having great power, and the earth was lightened with his glory. And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and has become habitation of devils, and the whole of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird. Now this is going to sound quite alarming to you but brother Brandham said in this day there will be what was called Christianity he basically said will be a religion without salvation. Hello a religion. And that's what we're looking at. See what what what brought you out of the system or brought you out of the street was election. Yes sir. Because you and I was dwelling in a place or religion or faith. Amen. that that there was no salvation. Why? Because brother Brandham said they think they're under the blood. They're not under the blood. Hello, somebody. And they sing all these songs about the blood, but they're not under the blood because they rejected the atonement. Yes. Amen. I know that's harsh. That's really hard to say. But let me tell you something. The only thing that brings them out is election. All that fine choir and music and everything, they singing about Jesus. Am I wrong or right? Is the bird right or wrong? Brother Brown said in the preview of the church, he saw them going where? Down. Going back to where they came from. Oh, come on, somebody. Huh? Going back to where they came from. And that little bride came from God. She was stepping higher. Amen. Right. So, you got to realize by the grace of God all of that and no salvation. That is so scary. It is so alarming. And I probably would people would want to stone me for saying it, but it's true. Anyhow, right? There was only those who had the blood applied in Egypt that was saved. It didn't matter how much religion they had. Abraham was my father. God didn't care about that. He only looked at the blood. When I see the blood, I will pass over you. Amen. Right? And think about it. the foolish version. Amen. The only reason why she goes through is because of what? Election. So these people claiming they know Jesus and they don't. Paul said it's a different Jesus. Folks, it is. We We worship. We talk about it, but don't don't think that they're worshiping the same Jesus. They're not. You can only worship this Jesus by this message. The revelation of the true Jesus Christ came through Malachi 4. We working with election. Amen. And whether amen they ever come to know the truth, that's between them and God. But one thing for certain, they could amen. If you can't amen all the word, let's put it this way so you can understand me. It's just a little portion they missing because they failed to see that the grace was under the prophet. He was the key. He was the key to our age. Y'all hear what I'm saying? He was the key. And everybody that comes under his ministry, they're the ones that make it in. Amen. Moses, Noah, you name it. You see what I'm saying? As long as they stayed with under the ministry, they made it. Amen. Right. The key of our age, amen, is where Jesus moved on because the they rejected them in in in the denomination. Amen. And so therefore, God comes along. There's another voice. Come out of her, my people. Be partake. Be not partakers of her sins and her plagues. Why? God was providing a way of escape. A third exodus for who? The bride of Jesus Christ. Sad to say that there's so many people who went to sleep thinking that they were Christians and saved and they were not. For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her fornication and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her and the merchants of the earth are waxed rich through the abundancy of her delicacy. You know, brother Brandham say, "Dare a man to come before God as a trinitarian." Look it up. That's nothing but the truth. Because that's idolatry. Help us, Lord. I know I'm saying some tough things, but it's just to get us right. You know what I mean? get us focused on who we are because I'm going to show you something in just a little bit, a scripture that I'll jump. I might not finish tonight, but I want to show this before I leave. And another and I I heard another voice from heaven saying, "Come out of her, my people, that you be not partakers of her sin, that ye receive not of her plagues." What do you think? What was the plague? Death. Death was the plague. The fourth the the horse the fourth horse rider riding was death. He said, "If you stay there, you will receive her plague." You see what God has done for us? Oh my God, people. He It's just beyond It's beyond anything. There's no way we can repay him for what he's done. The death angel can't get you there. Get you here. Amen. Because if if he's plagued, the system is plagued. See, that's the only way he can get you. But if you under the bloody bleeding word of this message, you're in a safe place. Hallelujah. I'll pass you. He said, is that all right? Amen. Turn with me to Revelations 21. I've got to jump here. I don't know what time it is, but Revelations 21:9-11. We done we didn't read this before. And there came unto me one of the seven angels uh which had the seven vows full of seven last plagues and talked with me saying come hi that I will show thee the bride the lamb's wife. Now look what God is doing. He's literally showing us by way of preview the results of us believing this message. And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain, and showed me that the great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from God, having the glory of God, and her light was like unto a stone most precious, even like a jasper stone, clear as crystal. Amen. So, we're in a place by the grace of God that God comes right around and show us. Folks, let me say it like this. It's all ordained of God. Amen. I I I wanted to show you. Listen, here come God. I I I share that later. I'll share it later. But my my point is this. God comes and he shows us that we are to receive what the glory of God. And you know what God said one time? I'll share my glory with no man. See, but he's not sharing it with some other man. Oh, God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's not sharing it with some other man. He's sharing it with the part that was with him before the foundation of the world. Join with Christ. Oh, like they say, not just hes you get a little piece of something. Join as you get all everything he's got. You got 5050. Yeah. Amen. One more scripture and I'll let you go cuz I I I I'll finish up later. Uh Wednesday, Lord, as well. Revelations 22:17, please. I can't stop now. Just one more one more. I've got a few one more thing, a few more things to share. Amen. In Revelations 22:17, it says, "And the spirit and the bride say, "Come." That's your ministry. When you come so connected with God, you go and you say, "Come." You say, "Come." You're now you're now connected where God is can use you to bring that last. Amen. that last and let him that hearay come and let him that is a thirst come and whosoever will that's with the bride have a ministry right now when God fills himself with you that commission go ye therefore into all the world is still there hey somebody and let him that is a thirst come and whosoever will let him take the waters of life freely come on Somebody. So when you see those devil preachers, and I'm going to say it, when you see those devil preachers say, "Come on, get up in here in this $100 line. Anybody got a $50 line?" Come on. The Bible said it's free. How come you going to charge for it? That's another Judas with the bag. Right. Amen. People don't even see, Amen. that these preachers, there'll be more preachers probably in hell than there would be regular people. Let me read this quote from the token. He said the new testament is new covenant, new life. Shows Jesus has met every requirement for us that God required to make us back truly sons and daughters of God under the blood where there is no more condemnation. Amen. Romans 8:1 says, "There is therefore now no condemnation to them that are in, not those who are believing it." Those who are in Christ Jesus that walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. And my word is spirit and life. See? Oh, he said, could you could I take a text from that and stay about a couple of more hours, but we'll hurry over it. You see, no more condemnation. Free from sin. Free from the cares of the world. No condemnation. Now, you hear what I'm saying? How come we let Satan beat us up so bad? If the spirit of God is in us, the Bible say there is now no condemnation. Now, I I'm just going to take it. I I'm going to take it. I can't understand it, but I'm going to take it. I ain't going to let the devil condemn me no more. Amen. Right. No condemnation. Those who walk not after the flesh, but in the spirit. Hallelujah. And if you got the Holy Ghost, you got the spirit. But you know what we do? Come on. Is that Does it make sense? Let me bring it clearly to you. Brother Brandham said that blood was on the doorpost and the linen and those people were still the same but they were saved. They were not condemned. It was the blood that protected them. Oh Lord have mercy people. But they weren't condemned in themselves. They were so happy they were under the blood. Amen. Hey somebody. They were under the blood. They knew they were under the blood. They were safe from the death angel. Amen. And it works in type the same way it works is reality. You're under the blood. The Bible said no condemnation. Amen. You can't work for God being condemned all the time. Amen. Oh wo is me. Look at me. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Now the blood has done it or no. You got to take your mental attitude toward the word. Not your feeling, your word. The word. Right. Right. He says, listen. He said, no condemnation. Why? To them that have been been by one spirit baptized into one body, there the body of of the lamb has been applied. Let me share this with you so you can understand what I'm talking about. Some of y'all or some of us, now I say us cuz I got rhythm. I got my emotions will cause my feet, my toes, and everything else to move even when I don't want it to move. But there are some of you that's not me made like that. There's some of you that don't don't have rhythm. Even though you got you can hear the beat, you can't catch up with it. But let me ask you a question. Because I got rhythm and I can shout or dance to the rhythm and you can't, does it mean I got the Holy Ghost and you don't? See? See how simple that is? Some of you might not be able to move like I can move, but does that mean you don't have it? Okay, I'm glad you said that. So, don't make the let the devil make you think that sometime when I'm preaching, I'm saying you got to jump and shout like me. What I'm saying is what'sever in you, give it to him. Amen. You don't have to be on the beat. You You know what I'm saying? There's offbeats and on beats. That was fresh. But my point is just do what God wants you to do. Oh, brother Troy, don't mind me saying that. Like I think we were over in South Africa and I mean that that's the most I ever seen Troy move. But he was he was one of the offbeats. Okay. Amen. But the point is he was so glad it wasn't filmed cuz he was right in front of the camera but it didn't come out or something. And I forgot how it work. But he was so glad that went on video. But you know, my point is he was worshiping and that's all God wanted. You know what I mean? He was worshiping. God don't care which I don't care if you just doing this and that's all you got. God doesn't care you worshiping him. Amen. Right. Sometime people just weep. They just weep, you know. Amen. And it's okay. uh uh is however God gives it to you. That's the way. And you don't copy somebody else. Be yourself. Amen. All I'm trying to pull out of you is your best to give to God. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Oh, come on, somebody. Does that make you feel better? Amen. So, you his life is in you and you are you are sons and daughters. Let me move. I'm sorry. No more condemnation. Why? To them that have been born been by one spirit baptized into the body there is no there there the blood of the lamb has been applied. The God of heaven has accepted you. How come? Because you got the Holy Ghost. All right. Brother B said when God gives you the Holy Ghost, that's his accepting you, not you accepting him. Amen. That's him. You see what I'm saying? Because what happens is God has to know that you're willing to give it up. All all of it. That's when he accepts you. If a speck of the world, that's your prophet. The speck of the world is in you. He said, "The love of God is not." Right? So, he has to he's looking and y'all heard me say this before. He took his disciples and he broke up their homes, if I can say it like this. In other words, he took them off their jobs. He took them out wherever they were. Follow me. Follow me. Follow me. Follow me. He made them, I put it this way, didn't give them a choice in that sense because something pulled them on. Right. But that time they surrendered everything. You say they did. Yes, they did. Amen. And I say because one of the disciples says, "Lord, we've left everything to follow you." And Jesus required that from every believer. Everything must be left behind. Everything must be left behind in order to follow Christ. So we are accepted in the beloved. That's according to uh Romans 8:12, Ephesians 1:6, right? His life, his life in you. And you are sons and daughters of God. Your character is what? God's character. Back to Peter. Amen. Back to second Peter. Your character. Here it is. My soul, my nature. Here it is on paper. This is what I'm like. This is who I am. This must be in you in order for the gates to open for you. Amen. You say, "I don't have it." Bible said, "You have not because you ask not." Your character is God's character. What is it? A little pushover? Hm. No sir. God is a God of judgment. He is a God of correct. He must be online. Nothing else would do. That's the kind of character you are because you're the character of your father. See, I'm going to leave it there. There's other things I wanted to bring forth, but that's all right. God will give it grace on on on on Wednesday, Lord's willing. My point is this is the age of a perfect bride. He's not going to accept anything less than that. All right. We've got the tools. We've got everything we need. We got more. The Bible said, "Minister unto you abundantly." So, we got more than we need to get there. Amen. Right. We just got to stop all of the the distractions, right? We got to refocus. Refocus and say, "God, I know I'm bride. Let Let me say it like this. The time is so short. I I believe that. Amen. I believe that. Let me ask you a question. Have you ever had you rushing and all of a sudden the phone rang and you think, "Well, I got to be somewhere somewhere." And you have to make a choice between answering that phone that's going to hold you up or go out the door. And then the devil said, "But that must be an emergency." I mean, you know, and then you find out it's not an emergency, but now this call has made you late. See, it always that way. Satan always bring forth distractions so that he can make you late. Late for what? This coming rapture. If you late for the rapture, you miss it. He brings these things in our lives. Amen. To make us feel like it's more important to do this the right the thing that God has put on your heart than this over here. Nothing is more important right now. Let let me let me and I'm closing. Preaching is not as important to me as my perfection. Singing, coming to church, that's those things are important, but the focus is now not on church, not on preaching. A lot of preachers won't make it because they they they've found more time to preach than they did to pray. See, and my point is all these things are going to come to north. There won't be no altar call in heaven. Amen. Everything I'm doing is for the kingdom. And once it's done, it's done. My important thing, the important thing for you and me is this. Christ's character in us. Amen. The virtues of God, brother said, without it won't open the door. Amen. You'll miss the mark. And you don't hear preachers preaching this all the time. Look at all of the message people how worldly they're becoming. Look at the ones in our church who've heard and and look what they're doing among my own family if I could say it like that. So you don't think I'm trying to cover nothing. I'm not trying to cover anything. My point is I can't save one person in here. Amen. It's Jesus Christ who does the saving. I can't make one person even brother Brandham would come back to his own tabernacle. He says as hard as I preach against cutting hair. He said, "Every time I come to the Brandom Tabernacle, I notice more hair is cut." He couldn't stop the people in this day, how I'm going to stop them in this day. It doesn't matter people. It's all about election. But as long as I tell the truth from this pullpit, that's what matters. And my point is this. By the grace of the God, people of God, ask God to help us focus, Lord. Focus. Focus me. Focus me. Focus me. Take my eyes from wherever they've been wandering and bring them back into you so so that I can make this rapture. Amen. All of us. I'm speaking about all of us. I'm talking about me as well, people. Just in the last few weeks, this has been going on with me focusing. That's why I can preach it. That's why I can talk about it because this is what I've been doing. God has been giving me grace to focus. I'm more focused now than I ever been. And nothing nothing nothing by his grace will cause me to do this ever again. Ever again. And all I'm trying to tell you is people, I'm I'm sharing with you by the grace of God, I'm I'm I'm just I'm at a place in my life you you've got to not assume because the Bible said your calling and election can be sure. So we're not assuming. Assuming is not good enough. Make it sure, right? Make it sure, people. Make it sure. Once you make it sure then you you like a eagle in in in in the wind. All right. You love the Lord. Let's stand. We don't want to be like I I I I come down. I tell you the truth. I see a lot of things. We we we c we we had a wonderful time, my wife and I, and I don't I don't want to be critical, but uh you know, they they got this thing among the churches now, especially world of churches, and they singing and they call this thing a a war chant. Oh, something they doing like they do in the football stuff. Now they putting music saying that now there's a war. And and I I told my wife, I said, "Oh my God, if we're not close to the coming of the Lord, if we're not close to the California earthquake, I don't know what." Because remember when Joshua come off the mountain, Joshua said, "They're down there worshiping." And and Moses said, "Uhuh. Uh-uh. It's the sound of war in the camp." And he comes down and he finds them with a golden calf. They literally saying they've now worshiping the God of Egypt. Oh, come on. Because you got to realize that's exactly what the World Council of Churches do. They take you back to worship the God of Egypt, however you want to say it, or Babylon, however you want to say it. But joining that takes you back. You no longer worship the true living God when you join back up. And that's what they did. They come out and say, "This is the God that brought us." They escaped Egypt and was caught by the spirits of Egypt right in the wilderness when the prophet was off the scene. Y'all hear what I'm saying? And you see you see this thing coming and and we heard I sad to say, but we heard some of the people in the message doing it and I'm thinking they ought to have enough Holy Ghost to know that's not right. God is not pleased with that sound. Y'all hear what I'm saying? There's all God there. Wherever God do something, it's always a noise, always a sound of some sort. Except the still small voice, but that is still a sound. You see what I'm saying? So my point is they don't realize we've come to this time. And what happened when Moses come, he said, you decide now, right? Whose side you on? Now understand this. Everybody that ran and escaped the earthquake still died the death. They never was able to come into the presence of God ever again. Y'all hear what I'm saying? So the California whatever you look at this thing and you say, "Oh my God, have mercy on us." Because we realize when Moses took those tablets and he threw them, amen, by the great God and that earthquake came, what happened? All of Dayton and Chorus people were swallowed up. Now let me let me put it this way. You better realize by the grace of God, we're right at the brink of this thing. Russia is doing her threats. She's doing her things. And you can't tell me that Russia was not responsible for for shooting down that plane. What she doing? Flexing her muscles just like everybody else. Right? I don't care how it was staged. I'm saying it like this. She done threatened America. Now, we know she going to send the bomb this way. Our prophet has told us right now we're right there. Israel is fighting. She done already built a new wall around Jerusalem trying to protect herself and coming to a place where she she she's ready to build a temple. All of these wars over there we see right now what's the issue? What's the issue? So I want you to understand what is the issue? The issue is we want to kill you Jerus Israel. We want to wipe you off the map. We don't want you to exist anymore. Don't you know that that's exactly what they think they will be doing when they kill 144,000? They going to they're thinking they wiping Israel off the map. And then when they kill the two prophets, oh, glory to God, we got her. And in 3 days or so, they raise up and oh my God, somebody going to realize they made a mistake. But it's too late. Y'all hear what I'm saying? That's how close we are to this thing. It's a coming a time when the when when when the virgins of God will come and say, "I have not enough oil for you." Amen. Y'all hear what I'm saying? It's closing in on that time when you won't have time to give out to somebody else. That's why the Bible said, "Come at the acceptable time. This is right now the acceptable time. But there's coming a time you're going to have to say, "I'm sorry. I'm focusing on this. I've got enough oil and I can't spare you any because what they doing with it?" That wasn't even in my notes. But my point is this people, we're coming to a time and I believe with all my heart, if you don't start focusing on character building and your prayers be centered around character building, you going to miss it. Because the Bible said you have not because you ask not. Don't you think the Bible said no liar, no sin, nothing that will defile the city will enter therein. No flesh and blood. Y'all y'all hear what I'm saying? Let I'm trying to stop. But my point is, why would Jesus give you his life if he didn't want you to live it? It doesn't make sense to give you the Holy Ghost and let you live any kind of way you want to. No, he gives you the Holy Ghost so he can finish his ministry in the earth. It's all about him, not you. That's what it's all about. Let's pray. Father God, we come before you, Lord, as humbly as we know how. We thank you for your grace. We thank you for your mercy. We thank you for your love, Lord. You've been better to us than we've been to ourselves. Forgive us, Father, for anything we may have said or done that wasn't pleasing in your sight, Lord. But my heart, my heart, my heart, oh God, just cries out, Lord, my heart just my soul, oh God, for those of us who are in this army that we dust our shake ourselves from the dust and we raise up on our feet and be a mighty army in this little place. Have mercy upon us, Lord, add to bring us to that stature of a perfect man, Father. Let us grow all up into you, Lord. Oh God, let your perfect perfect mind be in us. We ask these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. I'm going to stay right under the blood. I'm going to stay. Hallelujah. Stay. And the devil came. Oh, I'm going to stay right under the blood. Hallelujah. Stay. Hallelujah. Stay. Hey. Hello. Oh, I'm going to stay right under the blood.
