################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2014-03-17 - Satan Versus God Part 2 - 2014 03 02e - Pastor Isiah Brooks - Isiah Brooks.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2014-03-17
Title:   Satan Versus God Part 2 - 2014 03 02e - Pastor Isiah Brooks
Speaker: Isiah Brooks
Church:  Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xEr8UiURNoc
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
Satan Versus God Part 2
Pastor Isiah Brooks
Recorded - 2014 03 02e
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Glad to see our sister Liz. Glad nobody was hurt. That's the most important thing, God. Uh it's amazing how this morning God was telling us about these trials. They always come up and none of us are exempt. Some of us it just seems like it comes our way more frequently. But you know, God is not confused. He knows exactly what he's doing. And I believe with all my heart that scripture is true. Sometimes it's hard to swallow, especially when it comes to you personally. All things work together for the good because uh you know uh God uh knows that he knows how to work it toward our good. We're we're we're getting ready to embrace a rapture. and and and and and to me I that's what I see is a short quick work. It's painful but it's happening at a faster pace. Amen. And it's to draw us nearer, closer uh to God, you know, and and that's what we must realize if we could handle our trials uh like the Old Testament trial uh people in the New Testament, you know, when when things would come in a way, what they began to do was just worship to show Satan that he's got nothing here. Amen. And often times, you know, there are times it might be a sacrifice, but you can still give him the sacrifice of praise. So you worship God in the midst of all the troubles, and you'll see how God will bring this thing around. Amen. Glad to see you. I'm just so happy. If I need to help in any kind of way, let me know. God, first Corinthians, please. That's not where I want you to go. I'm sorry. Revelations. Revelations 10. You love the Lord. Amen. Amen. We appreciate I I I am I am I'm just uh uh I'm in a place and I can't explain it. It's like a a numbness. I'm I'm riding. I see what's happening and I've got no control of what he's doing, but I can see what he's doing. And I'm so grateful to what God is doing. It's kind of like I can't even explain what I'm experiencing in my life right now, but I can see changes being made in me from the inside out. Things that used to matter, things that used to have a weight uh just doesn't anymore. Uh my my aim and my goal is to see my life so transformed like him till he's so well pleased, he can say, "Come up hither." That's all that matters. That's all that matters. And each and every one of us, we ought to have that desire in us. Amen. You know, to to to desire that more than anything. Amen. It is Satan's job to try to stop us. But he cannot. As we said this morning, you're locked in the scripture. You're locked in there. You can't get out of it. Amen. You know, have you have you ever uh ridden a I'm sorry for holding you like this. Have you ever gotten on a a roller coaster? You know, you go all the way up to the top and you're calling yourself a fool. There is no way of backing up. You got to take the ride. You're locked in and you got to take the ride. And that's basically how it is. You're locked in and you got to take the ride. Whatever way that track that that the footsteps of right man, a righteous man is ordered by the Lord. Whichever way that thing take you, you got to go. You can't get out. You can't jump out. It's it's that you buckle down in it and you got to just And I learned one thing in all of that. And that used to be my favorite ride. But I learned one thing in that when you taking a ride like that, you don't close your eyes. You keep your eyes open. You face what's coming before you. All right? Cuz if you close your eyes, your imagination get the best of you. You love the Lord. Amen. Ah, let's Revelations 10, please. Revelations 10. Hope this is okay this evening. I just want to encourage you. I I I I just came uh this morning with a a little uh uh uh teaching showing us, you know, it is it is a serious time, but it is not a time to be discouraged. Uh uh uh it is a time, amen, to uh do your best as far as uh remaining in his presence because the seals were open not for us to just to be under the anointing but to be in his presence. There's a difference between the anointing and his presence. The prophet of God tells us about that. We'll get into it in just a moment. Revelations 10 1-4. And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud, and a rainbow was upon his head, and his face was as it were the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire. And he had in his hand a little book open. And he set his right foot upon the sea, and his left foot on the earth, and cried with a loud voice, as when a lion roar. And when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices. And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write, and I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, "Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered, and write them not." Let us pray. Father God, we come before you, Lord, as humbly as we know how. We thank you for your amazing grace. Lord, we thank you right now for everything uh you are doing to us even though we may not understand it. You your first commandment, Lord, is to love the Lord God with all of our hearts, Lord. And you told us, Lord, not to lean unto our own understanding. And so therefore, Lord, we're locked into those scriptures, Lord. God, it is our bread for today. and we thank you for your grace, your mercy, and your love. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. Now, for those of us uh uh uh is brother Randy with you this No. Okay. So, I just want to say this. This is a time of love and affection. You want to call him, go by, I think that he could use that. All right. Just throwing it out. I'm not telling who to do what, but I think uh a word of encouragement would really if we be the body of Christ, a word of encouragement uh would be a real uh because you know, he's been really getting it. He's been one trial after another. Put yourself in his position and and and think about how you would be feeling right now. So just just want to just want to make that uh uh available and and want to make it make sure that you are aware of of uh our brother's trials and beside that you know not being able to come to church like you desire you know so just put yourself there and and maybe send him a text or call or something you know so anyway you love the Lord now we're living in a time as I said, "We we know and and I'm not going to try to be long, but I want you to realize where you're sitting, where you're standing." And we we some of us do, but I want you to understand that when this took place, John was said uh told not to write it. Seal it up. Seal it up, John. Don't don't make mention of what what was being said. And we know according to I think Daniel the 12th chapter uh God tells Daniel see the vision of the end time and he said in this time he said men will be running to and fro and knowledge will increase. Now that's our time right now we realize this is our time but during this time where knowledge is is to be increased he also said that there will come a message. Amen. Amen. There's coming something from the Lord that will bring deliverance to the people. Amen. As we said this morning, amen. Remember the the God of this evil age, Amen, is basically not only just Satan, but Satan science, right? Versing uh uh uh versus God's word. Now, as a believer, we are primitive. We don't go with the fashions. We don't go with the Hollywood uh uh uh flamingos, but we we stay simple. We we we don't need all of the extras. And and to the to the world, we are oddballs. We are we are fanatics. We are uh people that the world laugh really the world laughs at the gospel. They look at those who follow Lord the Lord Jesus as being uh simple. You know, they they make fun of us. They always have. They they make fun of us because they say, "The only reason why we came to Christ is because our lives were a wreck." And I've heard people say, "Well, I've never had to go through that, so why should I come to Christ?" But you see, that's the way they look at it. You know, you couldn't get no other help. So, you find yourself falling at Jesus' feet. I don't know how other people see it, but it doesn't matter how it came. I'm glad I fell at his feet. Now, we we see this uh Revelations and and and understand that this message is not something that you supposed to put on the shelf and allow it to collect dust. This thing is so important. Daniel couldn't speak of it. John couldn't write it or speak of it. He had to put it in simple form. Amen. But the Bible tells us according to Revelation 8 that this one that had the book that John was supposed to seal or did seal, this book was open. Amen. And the Bible tells us that it was at the end time that this book would be made known. the revelation of what Jesus Christ was doing would be made known in this last day. Hello. Hello. You're the ones who who's who's who God has chosen. Oh my. When all of the world throughout all ages couldn't put your their eyes on this or even understand it, God chose you and I to understand what he's doing. Thank you, Lord. Now, I'm I'm blessed. I don't know how you see yourself. You say, "That sounds a little puffed up." Well, all I know is I'm just repeating what he said about me. He says I'm blessed. I'm going to say I'm blessed. Right? But you see what we must realize. Amen. As I said this morning, uh that this thing comes and it comes with suffering. Now there is no way you can be a Christian without suffering. The Bible tells us to arm ourselves. See why? The Bible tells us the adversary, he's like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour. The Bible didn't say see who he may bite. Devour. That means to take you all in and leave nothing left. Y'all hear what I'm saying? So, we're living in a day where our adversary choose to consume us, but he cannot. If he had the leeway, perhaps he could do it, but he cannot. Amen. Why? Because it's not the way the scriptures are written. Amen. The Bible says that not only did God put our names in the lamb's book of life, but the word of God also tells us, amen, that he engraved us in the palm of his hands. We find out that we can be no more lost than Jesus himself. Amen. Come on, somebody. So, we don't have no one to fear. Amen. Nothing to fear. Amen. As we said this morning, even though when we were preaching, we want you to understand, yes, you and I must live a godly life. Yes, you and I, Amen, must do inventory every day, almost all day, searching yourself, making sure that you're standing within the faith. Is that right? Cuz you want to make sure you kept under the blood. Now, as I said, this thing when God comes along, he does something. And it's amazing how God hides himself in the thunders. Because you got to realize, Amen. When God come down in Israel and he thundered from the mountain, they wanted him to shut up. The natural ear could not hear the voice of God. It was fearful. It was it was terrible. It was It scared him so bad. They said, "Moses, just tell him don't tell don't speak no more. From now on, we'll listen to you." Think about it. Then God comes along and another thunder comes around and and and here is it was you know at the uh uh baptism of Jesus Christ when God spoke some even said then it thundered. Right? Amen. So we realize by the grace of God, God voice is a thunder. Oh my. Hallelujah. Amen. So we realize, Amen, here it comes again. Amen. That that God comes around and there's a man by the name of Paul on his way to persecute the church. Amen. Here the Bible said a sound from heaven came and the men thought it thundered. They couldn't understand the voice of God. They couldn't. But guess what? There was an elected one. There was one by the name of Saul who God changed his name to Paul. Amen. Because he could hear the voice of God. Can't you hear the voice of God? That means you are chosen and elected. Amen. In this day to be able to hear the voice of God. Blessed is the man who heareth my sayings. Amen. So you say, "Well, why would you say that?" Because remember, Amen. Israel had gone through a lot of things in the desert. We realized that God came and he tried them. Is that right? He said, "I tried you in the wilderness for 40 years. I tried you so that you could see what was in your heart." Hello. I'm so glad God just don't take me off the earth without showing me what's in my heart. Every man, every woman knows what's in their heart. Every now and again, you'll have something pop up that you didn't know was there. But if you search it out, you can find its origin when it got there. Amen. But it takes the Holy Spirit to go in and search that out in your heart. Amen. So that you can understand. Listen, I don't I don't know. I I I want my sins, Amen. to go before me. I don't want nothing catching me catching up with me at the at the River Jordan. Y'all know what I mean? I don't want nothing Amen. unconfessed. I don't want nothing un I want all my sins before me. No matter what you think about me, no matter what anybody else thinks about me, I need all of this to be out. Hallelujah. That is the day we're living in. We're living in a a day where the bride is made herself ready. Amen. Why didn't the Bible say God made her ready? No. See, there's a balance to it. The bride makes herself ready. She's got all the equipment she needs to wash and to cleanse herself with. Hallelujah. And it's by the washing of the water of the word. Is that right? is by God washing you and washing you on a daily basis. Come on, somebody. Not every other day when you come Wednesdays and Sundays and No, it's every day. Amen. At least that's the way it's supposed to be. Psalms 81:7, thou calleth in trouble, and I deliver thee. This is one of my favorite. I answer thee in the secret place of thunder. See, because when you say, well, God answers me in the secret place of thunder. Where is this thundering? Hallelujah. It's on the inside. Hallelujah. But if you can realize that this message is really the seven thunders. It's really Christ. Amen. Like I said, they say, "Oh, you following Brother Brandon? How can I follow Brother Brandaman? He wasn't here when I got here." I'm following the God that was in Brother Brandham. Amen. Huh? Those thunders of Christ is the voice of God in each age thundering out to the people showing them when nobody else could hear it. Showing them the secrets of the age and what they needed to do to escape that age. Huh? God coming. It ain't no great mystery like people make it all puffed up. Brother Bham said there was one thunder but in that one there were seven. Amen. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. And that thunder, listen, it shook heaven and earth. Amen. But in that, we now look and we see like like the brother brother said, it ain't the seven angels we're worshiping. No, sir. It's the God of the seven angels. Those seven angels was just the clothing of the invisible God. And we ought to be a happy camper. We ought to be so stirred up right now that even in the midst of Oh, listen. Come on, somebody. I I don't know what it is to bring a baby on the scene. But I I know when that doctor I watch my daughters, I watch my wife when they say, "Oh, this is a real thing now. This is not false labor. This is real." There's such a joy that overwhelms them. Even though they're getting ready to go through pain and sorrow, they're glad they now have come to the end of this thing. And they know in a little while it'll all be over. Sisters, y'all know. Can I get an amen? They have carried this baby for nine months, and it may not seem like a long time to you, but I can't imagine it, brethren, what that would be like. Amen. But at the end, you know that you know that's right normally starts around the seventh month. They getting they get a little impatient. They know they got a due date, but they thinking, "Oh, if this baby could come at least two weeks early. They want to have this child. Why? Not only because of the joy that is going to bring, but now it's a burden." Come on, somebody. Amen. And that's the way it is with the true believer. You carried Christ, but now it's becoming a burden. I want to see him. I want to see the full manifestation of what I'm carrying. Amen. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. And the first thing it is when that baby is born, you know what you're looking at. You glad he's healthy, but you're seeing who he looks like. You want to see who he looks like. Amen. And that's how it is. We're looking at this thing. who says, "Lord, we're pressing now. We're in birth pains. We come to this time and right now we've got to keep pushing." Amen. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Amen. You going to Cuz I'm going to tell you something. Whether you push or not, the contractions coming. Amen. Amen. Huh? That squeeze is on you right now. And you you you you're feeling uncomfortable. You're feeling the pain. You're feeling your suffering. But you know that this suffering what it's going to bring you are right now bringing forth. Amen. And birthing Jesus Christ himself all over again. Oh help us Lord. What is it? The world don't see it and we don't understand it. Do do we see this? Don't you see? There are two women that are that's impregnated. Satan has a wife just like Jesus Christ got one. That's brother Bham. He said, "That's right." He said, "And they both impregnated. They both are carrying seed. One is carrying the seed of God and the other one is carrying the seed of the devil." Amen. Oh yeah. And that denominational system is getting ready to bring forth its child. So you So what's happening to the bride? Hallelujah. We're getting ready to see Christ in his full manifestation. No more struggling. Hallelujah. Amen. It'll be Christ in you, the hope of glory, living his life through you and I. You and me. Is that all right? Now, we look at this thing. And so, you say, "Well, Brother Brooks, uh, as we were saying, you and I, we're the only light in this world. Can't you see why God got us dressing and looking the way we look? go out there in the world and see those hideous sights out there. They don't even look human no more. They don't. But you look so human and so you look so human till people look at you strangely. And that's God's contrast. Yeah. Amen. You are the light of the world. You are Oh, if we can get y'all to see that. Not just a church member, not just a member of higher ground tabernacle. You are the light of the world. God made you that way. Locked into the scriptures. I love that. The secret of place of the thunders. We didn't even realize. Amen. That in those thunders, Amen. seven church ages were sounded and every church age had a virtue to achieve. Amen. Hello. Amen. We didn't understand that in those thunders were echoing the very life of Christ, what he did through the seven church ages. And now you and I have come to a place where God wants to fill us with all of that. So we'll never fall nor be barren or unfruitful. Now I don't know about you, but that's what I want. I want all of that. Whatever I like, I want it. Amen. Hello. You know, we tired of just being human when we are sons and daughters of God. The Bible said we are a new creation. Come on, somebody. We may have been born a man. But when you're born of the Holy Spirit, you're born of God, which makes you nothing less than a God. Amen. Born of his spirit. Amen. Flesh and blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. Amen. Amen. Amen. When we look at this and we understand, amen, that the trials are going to come, it's not going to get easier. See, and I don't I I don't want to paint a picture like, you know, we going to we we're going to paint this picture, you know, of uh prosperity. You know, some of us might prosper and and it's in the will of God that we would as our soul prosper. But I don't want you to look at the prosperity until after your soul has prospered. Once your soul has achieved that place where God wants you to be. Amen. You can ask God whatever and he'll grant it to you. Oh God, help us Lord. In that secret place, tell me this place is not secret. Not this place. I'm talking about this message. This message still is a secret because people are fighting it. People are denying it. Why? Because their eyes have not been open to it. They can't see it. And when you can't see something that's right there, it's a secret. Am I making sense? Like I said this morning. Amen. The Bible said if it was possible to fool the very elected, he said, "But it's not possible." You're locked into that scripture. That's the only reason why you and I cannot be deceived is because God determined in this age that you would not be. Amen. Now, my thing is if you're not deceived, then what does that make you? Because the Bible says, Amen. All whose names who are not written in the Lamb's book of life would be deceived. Amen. And if you're not deceived, that means your name Amen. Oh, if I could tell you, if I could let you I wish I could I wish I could give you revelation cuz I know what I'm saying. I just can't get it out. But when you're when you can really see and you know that you're not deceived. You listen, like I said, you are conscious of God's presence. You're conscious of him. You You're not looking for him every day. You know he's with you every day. All day. Oh, come on. You're conscious of him every day. There's so many people don't even know God lives. Don't even know he God's live that God lives. Hallelujah. God built us to have fellowship with him. Is that right? And that's what we're doing now. We're fellowshipping. Hallelujah. Glory to God. the the the the the the thing that we and I you and I must be careful of because we're living in the day according to Matthew 24:12 where the love of many shall wax cold. And you heard me talk about this a couple of weeks ago. Satan just blowing that wind, hard trials, people disappointing you, just blowing on you. And that whole purpose of that is to make you cold, you know, taking all your affection away from you. All right. Pray into a place, amen, that you don't trust anyone. Well, you know, the Bible said, "Don't put your trust in no man, but if you can trust God." Is that right? Listen, that's what Paul said. Follow me as I follow Christ. Amen. You can't follow somebody if you not trusted him. See, but you got to realize it's the God in him that you trust, not the flesh of a man. You know, so we're looking at this day where Satan is trying to sap the joy of salvation out of you. As we said, not that you can lose your salvation, cuz if you really got it, you can never lose it. But Satan can take your joy away from you and make it so hard. Amen. Just to come to church and just, you know, see that's your joy that's gone. Cuz I can remember the time. Amen. People were excited to go to church. Why? They had that had that joy still. But this is the age. And Satan just don't snatch it all at one time. He slowly creeps. He slowly moves upon you. Little by little, inch by inch. Amen. Taking it away from you. And you have no idea until it's gone. The love of many wax cold. Why? The Bible said because iniquities, iniquities, Christians seeing Christians do things that they shouldn't do. Christians who offend and won't make it right. You know, all kinds of little things. Those are just things that Satan uses. Amen. To just work on you, work on. And you know, one of the things we ought to we love to say because of our own pride or we don't want to confront anybody. Oh, it's all right. It's going to be okay. Oh, that's not bothering me. How do you know it's bothering you when you tell somebody else? Y'all hear what I'm saying? If you got to tell somebody something that's bothering you, it's bothering you. So, let's move on by the grace of God. That's not the emphasis. My my thing is this. We're living in a time, and you've heard me say this many times before. In 1962, Brother Brandham said, "Five stars align themselves." He said that was the birth of an infant church, a bride, 1962. He said heaven announced her coming. Hello. And he compared it to the birth of Jesus. He compared it, Amen. to Moses birth. All of those great men of God. He compared it to Jesus' birth when the three stars line together and made one. And here he says, "Now the bride is on the scene, right?" Because remember, she's already smitten out in 1957. Try and the nomination didn't want anything to do with the message. During that time, they had already ousted Jesus. They were fulfilling Revelations 3. I stand at the door knocking. Amen. If any man would open unto me, I would come into him and suck. It was during that time they had put Jesus Christ out the church and the woman Miss Leodia was ruling it. Amen. Am I making sense? So I'm saying from 62 to now, how many years it is and how many years it's going to take for this bride to mature? But it'll be a paradox. We've got to this this spirit is such a a age. This age is a is a spirit of laziness. But God know how to get it done. He said it's going to be a paradox. But he knows he knew how to put them Jews together, didn't he? Oh my. He put Stalin here, Hitler there, Ikeman on the other end, and they came together. Amen. God knows how to bring this little bride together. Amen. Come on, somebody. Amen. Now, you know, it's just it's just like some of the things, and some of y'all may have heard what Donnie Reagan is going through, and it's really really bad. But I'm going to tell you something. I'll stand with him. I'll stand with him. Why? Because we believe the same. Amen. There might be little things. Amen. I don't know what all he preaches, but I know he's a true man of God, and I know he's one of them. Amen. Hello, somebody. Oh, yes. You look at those things and and I'm going to tell you something. If I don't care what their doctrine is, I stand with them because they seeing the same thing. They seeing Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. They might have a little twist, a little something because their eyes may not be 2020. I don't know. But at the same time, I know if they believe in this message, they're taking a stand against this adulterous generation and that old wicked Jezebel system. Amen. Hallelujah. Cuz brother said it like this. He said that squeeze will make us drop all our differences. You're going to be so glad to see one another a real Christian. You won't even ask him where do you belong, what church you go to. Amen. Cuz listen, you won't have one. They done put you out. There's no buildings. Brother say he they kill you. Kill you because you prayed for somebody. You're not part of the system. You don't have a right to pray. You don't have your degree in theology. You don't have a right to pray. You're not ordained of God. I wonder what they would have said to Jesus. H. So, we're living in the last days. Did you believe that? Listen, we we come and we hear wars and rumors of wars and and now America and all, you know, Putin and and and and the Ukrainians and and all of them fussing and fighting and and hear our country telling telling Russia, don't you know, whatever you doing, you better back it up. Get up out of there. Don't you mess with the Ukrainians. Oh my. You you can't Can't you see God setting the stage? Amen. God setting the stage for what? For this prophecy to be fulfilled. He said, "I turned around and all I could see was smaltering ash." And where did he say it came from? Russia. Now, what gets me is because the whole world think, "Oh, America so wicked. America so evil." Hello. Judgment struck the West Coast. It was judging not just uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Los Angeles. He was judging the whole world because the gospel had already traveled from the east to the west. Amen. Amen. The whole world is suffering because they turned down Jesus Christ in our day. Amen. Floods and tornadoes, tsunamis. We've never heard of such hurricanes a mile or two miles wide. How you going to run from that? Amen. Hallelujah. People, you know, they don't forgot they went down there. Amen. God sent down all those that hurricane down there and and almost wiped out Louisiana and and they still as soon as they could possibly put the Marty Gro back in into function, they raised it back up. Devils. Truly devils. It's like Solomon Gomorra waking up and said, "Let's do it again." And that's what America is doing. Amen. It's what we see people, you know, a lot of time, I'm going to tell you something. Sodom, it it's it's it consists of all kind of perversion. Hello, y'all getting quiet on me now. But all of us were sodomites until we got saved. Hello. You were perverted. You were doing unnatural things. And that's what Solomon was good there for. It ain't just one group. The whole world was that way. Hey, y'all know y'all y'all looking at me like I'm crazy, but I know what I'm talking about. That's why I always tell people, you don't want to appear before God without the blood of Jesus Christ covering you. Can you imagine what that would be like? All your sins on display, no place to hide. But don't you worry about it. You won't be the only one in the group. There'll be a lot more. Plenty of people. Amen. With their lives everywhere. That's why I say it. It Thank God for the blood that washes away all my sins. Cleanseth me. Amen. From all my iniquity. Think about it. No other message can cleanse you. Amen. You say, "Well, praise God. We got the word." But let me tell you something. This might be the word for your day. Nah. Yes. See, see. See, that's what people don't understand. They get nervous when you say that, but it's true. The only persons that were saved in Noah's day was those who bore Noah's up. The only ones that came and were saved uh uh uh in in in in in the time of Israel were those who followed Joshua or Moses, however you want to put it. Is that right? Truly follow with their whole heart. Amen. Amen. So the blood on the doorpost and the lint. Now I'm I'm saying something here because I want you to understand God made promises and we holding to those promises. God told Abraham, he said, "Listen," he said, "you going to have a son in your old age." Abraham laughed. Sarah laughed. But did it stop God's promise? They were locked in there. There was no way to get out of it. God has spoken and it shall be. Hello. Listen people, you might say, "Well, brother Brooks, just what I got. I've got just a little bit of light on the inside." Don't you know that's enough to conquer? A little bit of light conquers. I don't care how dense the darkness is. Darkness can never overcome light. Amen. Hello. We don't know how small that pillar of fire started out. But let's suppose it was that small that proceeded out of the presence of God. Right? Look what it done. Well, look what it created. Look what that little light created. And you are a product of what the little light said, let there be. Amen. Now, if that little light can create all of this, what can that little light find in you? I don't care whatever darkness it is. It's an investigator. It's the true FBI. It'll go right into the death of your soul. Identify that demon and put him in prison. Lock him up. See, he is the true God. And you and I don't have to worry about Amen. Ah, see, because worrying is not an attribute anyway. Only faith. Faith in God. Faith in what he's done for you. Do we have it? Do we have it? Listen, I may not be doing all that I'm supposed to do, but he did it for me. My faith is in my sacrifice. My faith is in Jesus Christ's perfection and not my own. Hallelujah. He is faithful to complete that which he has begun in you and I. And I'm trusting that. Hallelujah. I don't have nothing else to look forward to. Come on, somebody. Like I was telling somebody the other day, don't you realize I think about dying every day? You know, not that I'm afraid of it, but I just want to be right. I don't want nothing tagged to be. Huh? And when you you know, I I'm not I'm not I'm not the elder in here, but when you start getting into your 50s, you can say I'm young and I'm young and I'm young all you want to, but your body is going to tell you something different inside you. just as young as you ever been. But your body still is is going to dictate to you what you can do and what you can't do. Right? I tried to override my body. I'm going to play this basketball and every time I play, I get hurt. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Rich said, "What point in time you going to know? You going to catch what God trying to tell you. I said, "Brother, that's so true. That is so true." I said, "What I got left, I won't put on reserve." Hallelujah. We'll hold this thing down till Jesus come. Come on, somebody. See, because that body has a has a germ of death in it. Your soul is new. Amen. Fresh. Hallelujah. Amen. And one of these old days, that soul is going to get tired of this old nasty mean flesh and say, "Straighten up." Amen. And we'll be changed from this old vile mortal body into mortality. I believe that. I believe the voice will speak from the inside. Cuz that's where he'll be. Oh yes, we hear a voice coming from heaven. But didn't Jesus do what? He heard the voice too coming from heaven. But where was the voice? This is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased to dwell in. He was already in there. Amen. Already inside. Is that right? The change is from inside out. Help me, Lord. Help me. Can I go just a little further before going into communion? Amen. And I want you to know the Bible says now here here's where I'm working with. The Bible said, "For all nations shall rise against nation, kingdom against kingdom, and there shall be earthquakes in diverse places, and there shall be famine and troubles. These are the beginning of sorrows." Now, that was in 1962. Brother Brandham comes in the end time sign seed. [Music] He said this is the time seed is being produced. This is our our fertilized uh uh fertile ground. This is the ground that will cause us to grow when there's nation rising against nations and when kingdom is against kingdom and when earthquakes is in diverse places and famines and troubles. He basically this is the end time seed sign to you so you can know this is time to get up out of here. Amen. There's no time to waste. Come on. Amen. Amen. Zechariah I believe it says when the vision is made clear, let him that read it run. Amen. Huh? You got to run. Amen. He said that vision he said don't it t when it comes it will not wait on any one of us. Amen. He can't wait on you. Oh Lord, I'm coming. Luke 21:19. And I'm going to close on this. I just want to encourage you. I want you to understand, Amen. by the grace of God that you're living in a time of the secrets of the thunders. [Music] Huh? The secret of the thunders. God coming into you living its life. That's right. What brother said. He said, he said God wants you to live th those seven live lives. Those seven lives, those seven thunders. It's only one life, but he wants those seven lives to be lived, right? That patience, that longsuffering, that godliness, that brotherly kindness. It's not enough to say, "I got it." He wants it to live. It must be on display. Amen. That was enough just to shout about. Hallelujah. Amen. He goes on in in Luke 21:19. He goes on and says, "But when you see the commotions, uh, and he says, "In your patience, possess you your soul." The 21st chapter, beginning at the 9th verses, but when you shall hear wars and commotions, be not terrified, but these things must first come to pass, but the end is not by and by. Then said he unto them, "Nation shall rise up against nation, and kingdom against kingdom, and earthquake shall be in diverse places, and famines, and pestilence, and fearful sights, and great signs shall there be from heaven." And how many signs have we seen? Come on, somebody. Numerous signs. I mean, even so, God didn't even tell us how the telescopes that that scope out there in the in in the universe is taking all these kind of pictures and you're seeing the cross of Christ and you're seeing all kinds of things that comes right back to the Bible. Amen. They call him this nebula and this galaxy and this that. Amen. But all it does is bear witness that Jesus Christ is God. Amen. Then they came I forgot what they call that one with the allsee and eye. That is powerful. Hey, somebody. And God vindicates these things into heaven to let you know they're there. I am the one that created all things. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Just trying to get people to repent even by way of science, but they won't do it. And the great earthquake shall be dished places and family and pestilence, fearful sights, and great signs shall be there. There be from heaven. But before all these they they shall lay hands on you and persecute you, delivering you up into the synagogue and into prisons and being brought before kings and rulers of my name's sake. Now, you know, the prophet of God tells us that, you know, they'll hunt us down like dogs. Right? Listen, they won't need no chip. Your body gives off enough heat for them to catch it. Right? I mean, you know, you think about where can I hide? Where can I run? There is no place. The only safe zone is in the word of God. In the word of God. Now, my question is, we're going to have to be so yielded to God. So yielded if God says, "Go pray for that man and you know you're going to be thrown in jail. You got to go pray for that man." We got to be so yielded that we're not afraid of what Satan can do. The Bible said, "Don't even fear man or fear the one that can destroy the body, but fear him who can destroy the body and the soul and then cast it into hell." See, that's where I we fear God, not man. Amen. Right? He says, "Settle it. Settle it therefore in your hearts not to meditate before what you shall answer." I love this. But I will give you a mouth and wisdom which all your adversaries shall not be able to gain, say, nor resist. Come on, somebody. They take my Bible. They take my recorder. They take my computer. I can't hear the message, but I got it on the inside. Hallelujah. Why? Because the bride becomes the message. Amen. Is that right? Brother Brandham says she is the fourth personage of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Smoke on that one. Chew on it is what I meant. Hallelujah. Amen. That's good. Hallelujah. That's wonderful. That you can see that God personage. That means you don't have a personality but he is. Amen. Oh, God ain't schizophrenic. He want one personality in you. Oh, help us, Lord. Think on it. Think on it. Right. And he shall he and ye shall be betrayed both by parents and brethrens, kin folks, friends, and some of you shall they cause to be put to death. Oh, it can't be. Yeah, it is. It's happening right now. Amen. Think about the families that have been broken up because some don't believe in the message anymore and some do. When that time come, you say, "What do you mean?" Those people that's gone will has been given over to a strong delusion to to to believe a lie. So, they'll never come to this truth again. Brother Brand like this. He said they're born in their ear and they'll never be able to hear the gospel again. So they aren't right becomes your enemy. Believing that they are right. You're the ones that's crazy. See, a lot of us, we don't realize what we're getting ready to face, but this thing don't really become painful till it comes to your own house. You can deal with sinners and nextoor neighbors, right? But when it's from your own house, Jesus, where did you get these scars? in the house of my friends. See what I'm saying? It was his own people. The Bible said he came to his own and they received him not. Right? They refused him. Thank God because they refused him and gave us space to come in. Hallelujah. Thank God for the wisdom of God. Amen. So don't be afraid. Uh you know, and I'm going to tell you something. You say, "Well, brother Brooks, you know, my family member, they've been telling lies on me." That's what they anointed to do. They anointed to tell lies on you. They was anointed to tell lies on Jesus. Don't get discouraged. That's glorious. The Bible said if you suffer for the name of Jesus Christ, blessed are you. Blessed. If they can't tell the truth, they got to make up a lie about it. That's real good. That means you're living it right. Jesus. Ah, he said, "When you see Jerusalem compass with armies, then know that the desolation thereof is nigh." Now, come on, somebody. They're everywhere. Is that right? And now everybody focuses on Jerusalem, that little piece of land over there. What? Why are they so afraid of the Jews? You know why? Cuz even the world know the Jews are blessed people. They are the most smartest, most intelligent people I ever known. You know why? Because God made them that way. He said you going to prosper. Wherever you place your feet, you claim it. It's yours. That's still hold. That's still hoes. So those natural Jews, we realize by the grace of God, they got a God. Listen, I their brains look like their brains are made different. I don't know how they do it. I don't know. I just don't know. And I think that's what it is. The world is just jealous of them cuz no matter where you put them, they prosper. They they in Germany, no matter where they are, they come up at the top. So they make fun of them. Say, you know, they make them stingy and tight crooks. But that ain't what it is. They just real businessmen. You see, but that's the lie the devil puts out on them. And they got people right now in the world hating Jews because they feel like the Jews are being unfair to the Palestinians. Hello. There's a man in my house and you want me to be fair with him? He won't get out. That's is my house. That's what they saying. This man done broke in my house and I got to treat him right. See the nonsense. The nonsense. It doesn't make sense because when I was over there in Israel and I'm I'm going to close. They said the Palestines is the same name as the Philistines and that's what they working with. H. We got rights. Rights. You done put up a tent in my backyard, squatting on my land. And you got rights. Yeah, I do, too. I got rights to quick kick you off my land. Amen. That's why I love Israel. Oh, they I love the way they fight. I just love that. I just I love that. They They haven't seen a move of God in a long while. But you know what? That faith is still there. I ain't never seen such faith in my life. Amen. Those people been ran from two true uh two and fro all across the world. Amen. Almost extinguished by by Hitler and starting all the rest of them. And they come back and they worshiping God like ain't nothing happened. With a pure heart, still believing that the Messiah is going to come. And we got people who call themselves Christians falling away like flies, not even believing this gospel no more. But look at the most sturdy Jews. I ain't talking about them renegades. You got renegades everywhere you go. But when you meet a real one, you got a real one. Hallelujah. That's true. Now, I'm going to tell you something and I'm going to close, but I was in the airport one day and there was a Jew and he had one of them little I don't know what's on them little boxes that they put on their head when they get to praying. It looks really funny, but they had that little he had that little box and he had his whatever he's doing and just doing right in the airport. didn't care about what nobody thought. I thought, "Lord, you can't even get a Pentecostal to worship you in the public anymore. This God didn't care. He had on this Jewish com little young fell. I mean, he was just displaying what he had. Didn't care whether Arabs, whoever was there. He was displaying. I wanted to ask him so bad, but I couldn't interrupt him cuz it just looked so good. It just looked nice what he was doing. And I wanted to know what are you doing?" You know, but he didn't care. Yeah, he did what he did. And I mean, he it must have been a whole hour. So, as long as I was there, that man was still doing that in that airport. And I said, we got Christians who won't stand like that in public. Y'all hear what I'm saying? May God bless Israel. Oh Lord, here it is. I'm closing and you don't heard this before, but I just kind of threw some things together. You know, I thought to myself, I said, "Well, Lord, you you know, I've what's going on?" So, I kind of put some things together and I thought, "Lord," I said, "We really need an encouragement. What what what we need to see is that we have experienced in our day the appearing of the Lord Jesus Christ. His appearing. There's nothing left but his coming. We've seen him in the cloud. I don't care what they say about it. But you listen to all these me. I said, "There ain't no way a man can deceive and lie like that." I said, "You hear the heart of brother Brandon when he describing his his experience with the angels and the experience with the blast and the experience. How there there's no lie in that. Anybody that got a true soul can detect that." Amen. And you know the thing that gets me is that here we are under the the umbrella of this beautiful message. I don't know what God is thinking. Thank God for his grace though. Thank God for his grace because we I don't think we appreciate it the way he he desired to see it. Don't get me wrong, he understand the age we're living in too. The revival is over. Brother B said, "We'll be slugging along. We'll be pressing, pushing." You see what I'm saying? So God understand the age. The revival is over. Remember the brother said, "Brother B, why can't I pray like I used to?" You know this. He said, "Because the revival is over." And when you get into a real good prayer channel, you better thank God. You better thank God. Don't ever leave out of it. If you leave out of that real prayer ch channel, it's going to take twice as hard to get back there where you were. Don't let the devil make you move out of that channel. Stay there. Stay there. Now, Hebrews 2:3, and I'm closing uh and we'll start communion. How shall we escape if we neglect so great salvation? If we neglect it, if we don't tend to it, if we don't handle it the way we ought to, how are we going to escape if we neglect this salvation that God has given to us, which at the first began to be spoken by the Lord, and was confirmed unto us by them that heard him, right? How are we going to escape? Hebrews 12:25, seeing that we refuse not him that speaketh. Well, if they escape not who refuse him that spake on earth, much more shall not we escape if we turn away from him that speaketh from heaven. This ain't no joke. Honestly, I rather be out out in the world as a whoreonger, never be never ever hearing this message than to have heard this message and neglect it. I had rather never ever had a glimpse or a taste of it. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Because to whom much is given, much is required. And you and I can't imagine the souls that are screaming in hell. I think about that. screaming in hell right now who was under the ospice of this message, refused it, rejected or was negligent, knew the truth, was too too lazy to go forward, but sold out like Judas for some natural thing. God have mercy. How many people died with money in their pockets? died in their Cadillacs. Huh? Think about it. How many people you you know it's an illusion that oh like brother said when he was over in Canada and those women half-dressed with drunk and one was a son in school. Whoopee. This is life. He said I couldn't take it no more. He came and he grabbed her by her arm and says honey this is not life. This is death. And in the discernment he discerned she was a Sunday school teaching everything else. And when he told her she was he was a preacher, she tried to run. See what I'm saying? Oh, Lord have mercy. Whoopee. This is life. No. Satan deceived the world. And uh by the grace of God, you're not deceived. Amen. Not because you're so smart and intellectual or whatever the case may be. All of us, the Bible said none of us sought God. He sought us. You might have looked like you was looking for him only because he gave that in you. He put that in your spirit, but that was God drawing you, not you drawing God. And I am so grateful to be one in a million. Amen. We just going to pause. Stop preparing for communion service. We're glad to have so many. Amen. Usually it be thinner than this. Appreciate our brother Connie. Like I said this morning, he called us and told us he wasn't coming. Brother, it was cold this morning, but I appreciate you coming. I know what it is. I know what it's like. Sister Milani, you're looking good today. Praise God. Amen. I hope you don't mind, brother. Amen. But you know, God is so good to us. He is so wonderful uh to us. And you know, uh so we're going to ask uh our brother to come and give us a song. Uh you were you blessed this evening? You know, people, we we need uh we need encouragement, y'all. We all all of us know the kind of attacks we receive after we leave this service. It ain't no joke. Sometimes Satan comes with all all four claws. He ain't nothing but a beast anyway. All right. He comes with all of them. And if it wasn't for the Holy Ghost, we'd be totally confused about it. But that's when you know you had a good service is when Satan comes and attack you. And you know what? Amen. This morning must have meant a lot to my brother because right after that, Satan says, "I ain't letting you go." He come right there with another fight. He told me this morning, you know, he said, "Brother, that was really good. I really enjoyed the message." And that's how it is with all of us. We all have our battles. But I tell you what, I thank God for every one of you. Those of you who've been reaching out to one another, I see y'all out there talking more. I love that. That really blesses my soul. You know, uh, you know, there it's been a while since I've had to stand in line to shake hands. Amen. So, that makes me feel good. Love the Lord. Amen. Is our brother
