################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2014-03-17 - The Ancient Landmark - 2014 02 02m - Craig Booher - Craig Booher.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2014-03-17
Title:    The Ancient Landmark - 2014 02 02m - Craig Booher
Speaker:  Craig Booher
Church:   Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 11m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdW8Eh-oA20
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
The Ancient Landmark
Craig Booher
Recorded - 2014 02 02m
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Everyone love the Lord. Amen. It's good to be with you. Very good to be with you. And as brother Brooks said, we just got some memories together. We just being here is just flooding memories. Just talking the things that we've done out on the field in Africa, different places the Lord had allowed us to work together. And brother Brooks is my daddy. Do you remember back in Louisville when brother Brad Burgess said, "Will your family stand up?" All of us brothers stood up with you. They got to laugh. But he's been he's been a spiritual father in the gospel to me. And like he said, God didn't baby us and allow us to stay together. He separated us to put us to work in different places. We love him dearly and our hearts are together though we're 10 hours apart. And so we're just happy and honored to be with you this morning. Yeah. I've got so many friends, so many faces. Brother Brooks ain't the only one that's loved. It's good to be with this whole family and then each brother Adam, all of you. It's good to see every one of you. And um if we could just get right in the word this se this morning and brother Dan Shaples, God bless you. See everyone here. Uh I've got a message on my heart. You go ahead and just take it down just slightly, sir. Thank you very much. Uh got a message on my heart. I just ask that you just really just lock in and try to stay with me the entire the entire service. And then I just pray that God will bless. I believe that that the word can be applied. We're we're responsible for the whole council of God. Amen. No matter what part of the word, we're responsible for it. Amen. But we want spiritual food in due season. My goodness, Christopher is growing. My goodness, good to see you. Deuteronomy chapter 19. I'll come out of two portions of scriptures, just each one verse. And then once again, if you would just pray. I I I don't want to just preach to preach. I just I'm asking God to be with us in this service. Help us all climb a little higher. There's certainly more room in the kingdom for us. And um it's the inexhaustible fountain of purity. And so he is the abundance, inexhaustible abundance of God. So that's what we want this morning. Deuteronomy chapter 19 verse 14. Everybody there say amen. Amen. He says, "Thou shalt not remove thy neighbor's landmark, which they of old time have set up, and thine inheritance, which thou shalt inherit in the land that the Lord thy God giveth thee to possess it." He's dealing with the promised land. And he's saying, "Don't mess with the landmarks." In Proverbs chapter 22 28, same when you're there. He says, "Remove not the ancient landmark which thy fathers have set." Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you, dear Lord, for this time together as a body of believers that we can unite. Lord, your blood purchased one church. There is one body. There is one spirit. There's one baptism. There's one Lord. There's one faith. And Lord, that faith has been restored in this day, God. So, we have all things in common this morning, God. We're in one mind and one accord. And you said where two or three are gathered, you would be with us. We welcome you in this place, asking you to anoint this word. Set the captive free. set our hearts at liberty. May the spirit of liberty give us liberty. We ask it in the holy name of our savior Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless. You can have your seats. If you would just give me a little patience this morning, maybe just start building just for about 10 minutes and then I can start getting into my subject the good Lord willing. Now I just read out of two scriptures. first one out of Deuteronomy that that God is commanding the children of Israel not to move the landmark which the fathers of old had set. Thank you, sir. Moses was giving instructions to the Joshua generation. And this generation's ears were open to the instructions of the messenger of that day. Amen. And I want to look here in Joshua 18 verse1 as we just read a few scriptures here to get started. Joshua says in verse one, the whole congregation of the children of Israel assembled together at Shiloh and set up the tabernacle of the congregation there. And the land was subdued before them. And there remained among the children of Israel seven tribes which had not yet received their inheritance. And Joshua said unto the children of Israel, "How long are you slack to go possess the land which the Lord God your fathers have given you? Give out from among you three men from each tribe. I will send them. They shall rise and go through the land and to describe it, which meant to survey the land according to the inheritance of them. They shall come again to me. And they shall divide into seven parts. and Judah shall abide in their coast on the south, and the house of Joseph shall abide in their coast in the north. And ye shall therefore describe or survey the land into seven parts, and bring the description hither to me, that I may cast lots for you here before the Lord our God." And he says, "But the Levites have no part among you, for the priesthood of the Lord is their inheritance. Gad and Reuben and the half tribe of Manasses shall receive their inheritance beyond the Jordan of the east, which Moses, the servant of the Lord, gave them." And the men arose, and they went away. And Joshua charged them uh that went to survey the land, saying, "Go and walk to the land, and survey it, and come again unto me, that I may here cast lots for you before the Lord in Shiloh." And the men went and passed through the land, and they surveyed it by cities into seven parts in a book. And came again to Joshua to the host of Shiloh. Here it is. This is what I want you to focus on. Joshua cast his lots for them in Shiloh before the Lord. And there Joshua divided the land under the children of Israel according to their divisions. So I want you to notice as they are taking the land of promise, men went in to survey the land. They brought the surveyed land to Joshua. Joshua brought it before God, the ark of the covenant. He passed lots there. And it was God that separated the land to God's children. Yes. In other words, God was setting the perimeters, the boundaries. He was setting the limitations of Israel. Yes. He was setting the boundaries of the promised land. Amen. And God now promised that he would only bless Israel in the perimeters that he had made. Amen. Is this okay this morning here in another place in Deuteronomy 21:1? He said, "It shall come to pass if you'll diligently hearken unto the voice of the Lord thy God to observe and to do all his commandments which I command thee that command thee this day, then the Lord thy God will set thee high above the nations of the earth, and all these blessings shall come upon thee and overtake thee, if thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the Lord thy God, blessed shalt thou be in the city, blessed thou shalt be in the field. Blessed is the fruit of thy body. Blessed is the fruit of the ground, the fruit of thy cattle, the increase of thy kind, and the flock of thy sheep. Blessed shall be thy basket and store. Blessed shalt thou be when you come in. Blessed shall you be when you go out. And the Lord shall cause thine enemies to rise up against thee to be smitten before thy face. And they shall come against thee one way and flee in seven ways. And the Lord shall command the blessing upon the storehouse, and thou setest thine hand unto. He will bless thee in the land which the Lord giveth him. You are only blessed in the perimeters and the boundaries that God has set. Amen. And right, the Lord shall establish thee as a holy people unto himself, as he has sworn unto thee, if you will keep my commandments, the Lord thy God, and walk in his ways. He goes on to say, goes on to the blessings. I'll make you plenteous and good. The fruit of thy body, the fruit of thy cattle. He'll open its good treasures from heaven. He'll pour out the rain and the earth will give forth his fruit. He'll make you the head and not the tail. God will bless you inside and out. And you will be blessed inside and out. Going to bed, rising up, going to church, going to work. I will bless thee. Amen. If you remain in the perimeters, yes, that I have made for you. The man said God never dealt with Israel outside of those perimeters. And he said, "Thus sayeth the Lord, God will never deal with the church until she comes back to her homeland, which is the message of the hour of perimeters." That God has placed for his church is the promised land. Amen. Is this okay? Amen. Then he commanded that the children of Israel should not sell the land forever. Yes. Everybody love the Lord. Amen. And then here Moses is saying when you're it thou shalt not remove thy neighbor's landmark that they have set up in the old time which is your inheritance. And he says it is forbidden the land that God gave to tamper with the borders that he set. Yes. It is illegal for Israel to tamper to expand his borders to decrease his borders to leave the landmarks alone. Amen. Now they were natural landmarks in the n in Israel. Even in our nation, there's forests that work as landmarks and there's mountains and gorgees and seas and these are naturally natural borders that set borders for for the land of Israel. And then there were man-made borders. For instance, if there was a field, maybe me and brother Joseph's field meet, we could not discern necessarily there's an invisible line. Then I would set up boundary stones. Yeah. And that would say this is my land and that is your land or I would put a fence there or a stake there some sort of property to distinguish the boundary. Amen. And notice the the definition of a landmark is to designate the boundary of a land that that its limits and its territory may be preserved. Yes. Is this okay? Amen. Amen. And I want you to notice it also says in Proverbs 22:28, not that remove not the ancient which means eternal or everlasting uh landmark which thy fathers have set. It was a perpetual memorial. Yes. From the time that God said it till the father said it that it would exist for generation after generation. Yes. Now the land has landmarks for various purposes. And one of the purposes is because if God gave brother Brooks a certain territory and the devil contested that territory, he could go back to the landmark and say, "This is absolutely mine." Ain't that right? Not only was it his, it was there in his grandfather's day, back there in his greatgrandfather's day. He was back there in Paul's day. They were not to be removed. This is my life. Amen. Ain't it wonderful? So if someone was trying to squat on his territory, he'd say, "You get off my God-given promise." Amen. Is that all right? Yes. It was to never be changed. It was always what this did, and I love this. It gives you a perfect assurance of where you are standing. How many want to know where they're standing? Geographically speaking, one can say, "I know where I stand whether you're on good ground or bad ground." It would tell you what ground you are standing on. Yes. Another thing, you would know whether you were on God's ground or Satan's ground. You might be in the promised land or you may be in the wilderness and the landmarks told you where you were. Is this all right? Amen. In other words, someone could orient themselves to know where they were in this big world. Reference point. Anyone ever heard that terminology of a reference point? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. It's an indic indicator that will orient you. What that means is if like uh you were out the sea and your boat was just all you see is water and you don't know whether you're going north, southeast or west. Yes. Mountains worked as landmark something higher than the sea and they would say, "Oh, that's in the west." And they could orient themselves. Yes. Isn't that right? They could align or position themselves so they could get their bear. Now, one that is disoriented has no reference point. Amen. Is this all right? Yes. In other words, they become confused in time, place or identity. Yes. They mean they can be lost in such a way that they don't know what time it is. They can be lost in such a way they don't know where they are and sometimes even lose bearings of who they are. Ain't that right? And being lost is a terrible condition. Yes. Brother man said when a man gets lost, he'll take a fever. he'll lose his fight. I believe it was when brother was a rancher. He said that a man got lost. He was a rancher. He got lost and he said they went hunting and when they found him three days later his own brother, he attacked him and caught him like an animal. He had chewed his lips up because he went into a fever. He could not find his way. Yeah. And brother said it is a terrible thing for a man to come in this condition because he loses the powers of his own physical mind. And loses grasp of reality. Ain't that right? Amen. Brother Brandham said a man that'll go away from God will go completely insane. Is that what we're seeing in this nation? Amen. And and that church too can enter into a bewildered condition to the place that it don't know where it's at. Can I carry on? Yes. Someone that loses their sense of direction becomes confused. We're living in Babylon, which is confusion. And outside, listen to this. Outside of God's boundaries, man is totally lost. That's right. That's right. outside of God's boundaries of salvation. Amen. Is that right? And this is why I'm preaching on this this morning is because every one of us being Christians can find our place in a in a in a place of disorient. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Christians become disoriented. Where they don't know their position. They don't know where they stand in God. They're they don't have a real faith. They have a hope. Yes. They become uncertain in who they are and their relationship to God. And that's a sad place for a man to be. And I'm praying that God will give us the ancient landmark destroyed. Amen. See, and get a reference point and where we are. Amen. Talked about a soldier boy that because of the war, it caused a shock in battle. And brother said he lost grips of who he was. It must have been back before dog tags because they would take these men in, bring them into a building and the family would come and they would pick out, you know, that's my brother, that's my cousin, that's that's my uncle. And they would get claimed. And the men that would not get claimed that were in this condition of amnesia, they would put them on a train and send them to the sanitarium. Is this all right? Yes. And brother tells a story of a young fella that was in this amnesia and they stopped the train. He said, "Okay, boys, get off the train and stretch your legs." Yes. And the man got off the train and he said they were all milling around and they were watching them, but one boy looked up at a water tower. Glory to God. And he kept looking and he rubbed his arms and something was happening on the inside. Hallelujah. And he starts walking toward the water. Amen. The man, the soldier must the guard must have had a little discernment. He seen something was happening. He didn't stop him. He followed him. And over a hill he went down around a little curve until he come to a cabin. And on the cabin, his dad was sitting on the porch. And his dad, his dad cried, "My son, my son, I knew you would return." But the man told that story and he said, "Oh, soldier of the cross that is shocked by denomination, shocked by creed, shocked by the things of the world that's made you disoriented. Why don't you come back to the hand of God and get your glory?" Amen. You're not a sinner. You're a son of God. Amen. You're not bound. to flee. Amen. Amen. John Adam said it was denomination that brought the people into a place of bewilderment. That's right. It was creed and ideas of man that shocked man into an amnesia condition. Is this okay? And he said, "Why don't you look in this word and find yourself identified?" Amen. with the message of the hour. Yes. Because only the message of the hour can give you a reference point of where you are. Amen. Was troping in darkness. Didn't know where he was. God sent a message to show us the first, second, third to the seventh church. Put you right at the coming of the Lord Jesus. Recognizing your name and its message. Aren't you happy you recognize who you are? Amen. Amen. The ancient landmark is the word of God. Yes. And I want you to know this now. A man can only be blessed within God's perimeters. Amen. A man can only receive the Holy Ghost within God's perimeters. Faith of the fathers can only be found within God's perimeter. Yes. There must be something. Your faith must have a a resting place. Many times in the message, brother Venom said, he said, "Why is the church in its condition?" He said, "It's gone away from the ancient landmark." He said, "You've got to come back to the Pentecostal landmark." Amen. Why is the Pentecostal landmark, not the organization, but through the blood of Jesus, back to the preaching of the cross. Back to the blood that cleans us from all sin. Amen. Back to the love of God that died for fallen man. Amen. Back to the grace of God. By grace you are saved through faith, not of yourselves. It is the gift of God. Yes. Not of works least. Amen. Thank you, Father. Back to its room for us all. How many believe that? Back to eternal security. If you are saved, you're saved for finance. Back to Calvary. the ancient landmark. Yes, Lord. God finished our salvation. When God finished the work of that Hallelujah. You believe that? Amen. When you look back to Calvary and see God's ancient perimeter. Amen. You can look back and say, "I know where I'm and when the devil says you're lost, you can say, "I'm saved." Amen. When the devil says you're blind, you can say, "I see." Amen. standing upon the word of God and you cannot be moved because you know who you are and where you stand. You know this is the landmark. This is the Pentecostal true Pentecostal church that was filled with the spirit of God that God led to power and to victory. Yes sir. Pentecost was the everlasting mark. Amen. It was good enough for Peter. It was good enough for Aranius. Yes. It was good enough for Luther. It was good enough for Wesley. It's good enough for us. But it has not changed. Amen. Man has changed. Our ideas have changed. But the landmark still stand. Amen. This is the premature of God's promised land. Right. Amen. Job 24:2 it says, "Some remove the landmark and they violently take away the flocks that feed thereof. Why do they remove the landmark? To steal away the flock. That's right. That's right. When Satan removes the landmarks of God's eternal work, man is robbed of his power, of his peace, of his victory, of even his salvation. Yes. And the Bible says in Deuteronomy 27:17, "Cursed is he that removes his neighbor's landmark." Amen. Cursed to Adam, take away from the word of God. Churches are cursed that remove the word for their queen. Many churches have removed the landmark to enlarge their own borders, their denomination. They have tried to remove the scriptures such as 1 Corinthians 11. It's a shame for a man to have long hair and and the woman to cut her hair. Men have not liked it, so they've removed it from the word of God. They are under the curse. have tried to remove holiness because he did not want to be in God's perimeter. He is outside the land and he is cursed. Is this okay? Satan attempts to remove the ancient landmark. You believe that? Yes. He wants you to believe a works gospel. Hallelujah. I want you to think of this in Acts 15 verse one. But you pull that up there for me, brother Troy. Certain men which come down from Judea talked with the brethren and said, "Except you be circumcised after the manner of Moses, you cannot be saved." Now, I want you to notice how subtle this was. Yes. Because grace had now visited the Gentiles. Amen. Yes. And they were not circumcised. And the power of God was being made manifest. Amen. Their eyes were being open daily by the thousands. And the devil tried to remove grace and put justice, grace and works. Yes, Jesus is right. But I want to do Jesus plus works. And it was very subtle to remove the landmark just enough to get the people looking at their works rather than the grace of God. Amen. Is this all right? Yes. How many help the Lord? Amen. Notice Satan wanted to remove the borders and reestablish the law again. The reason he wants to reestablish the law is because there is no salvation in the law. There's no saving power in the law. It's a policeman that throws the sinner in jail. It's like the blood of Jesus. Amen. Amen. All right. A little a little more uh brother for the Troy if you could give me just a little more back here please. I want you to notice in Matthew chapter 5 verse 48. Everyone love the Lord. Amen. Amen. Can I try this one? Sorry about this. Yes. Yeah. Just turn me up real hot there. Thank you, sir. There. That's That's good. That's nice. Matthew 5:48 says, "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your father which in heaven is perfect." This perfection is the perfection of God. And if the devil can move you from grace to works, you will always find failure in your perfection. You'll find failure in your prayer life. If your church attendance is good, you'll find a lacking somewhere. It'll be in your offering. It may be in your zeal. It may be in your worship. It may be in your attitude. You will always find somewhere that you're missing when it comes to the perfection of God. So, we are not looking at our works. We're looking at the grace of God. Amen. Looking at the perfection. That's where my joy is. That is my life. That's where I stand. If you ever have a hope of going in the rapture, it's not because your works. You're looking at the lamb of God whose blood is just as power. As the days that were shed, we are the product of the grace of God. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. You'll never have peace. You'll never have victory if he can do Jesus Christ plus works. It is not Jesus plus works. It's grace. Amazing. Amen. [Music] Which produces a born again experience and their works do follow. Amen. Amen. The only place perfection is found is within God's borders. Hallelujah. Amen. Perfection is not found outside of its borders. Perfection is found within its borders. It is the grace of almighty God. Amen. Hallelujah. We are Christians here this morning. And Christians can become bewildered and lose sight of their standing and where they are in Christ. Yes, sir. God, help us this morning to see where we are standing and who we are and what we stand for and that we can do the greater works. Yes. How many believe that? Amen. Sometimes physical sickness, cancer, menopause, different afflictions will cause a man to be so bewildered by his trial, he loses grips of his position in Christ. Sometimes the oppression and battles are real and bad things happen to good people, but the grace of God is sufficient. Yes, it is. spiritual oppression, emotional conditions, depression, suicidal uh thoughts and fears and and anxieties that you cross the line that put a man into a fever and begins to lose grasp of who he is. Wow. Brother Random tells a story that he was lost in the mountains. Brother Manom was a man that knew the mountains. He knew the trees. He knew the woods. Amen. It was in his blood. His uh his family were Indians. He had it in his DNA. He thought he could not be lost. One day, God was going to teach him a lesson. When in the middle of the hunt, while Mida and his child was in uh in a vulnerable position, a storm come brewing. It was a blizzard. And brother Brandham was in the in the giant timbers. and he lost where he was walking and the fog come in and the sleep come in or the snow come in and he lost his direction. So the first thing he does said okay when I came here the wind was blowing from such and such a direction. He said but there was a twisting and a turning and he could not discern where through the cycles of the wind where the wind was coming from. He was cloudy and he was down low. So he felt the trees for the moss, but there was moss on both sides of the trees because he was in the lows. Amen. He said there was nothing he could find his words for a landmark. Yes. Yes. And he's bewildered and he goes into what's called a death walk. How many denominations have we saw go into that death walk because they found their way out of the land and couldn't find their way back? Brother Random said he started slapping himself in the face saying you're not lost. You're not lost. You're you're you can't get lost. He said I was bluffing myself. He was dead lost. Amen. Many times even in this age I fear that message believers are bluffing rather than knowing. I'm not lost. I'm ready for the rapture. And you are not certain on the inside. Amen. God was the only one that can help, brother. And God is the only one that can help us this morning. Amen. Random said, "Oh, there's a landmark, but it's a blizzard and I cannot see and get my bearing." He said, "There's a place called Hurricane Mountain and there's a tower on the top of that mountain." And he said, "If I can see that tower, I'll know where I am." Yes, sir. And so he's looking and brother Brandham starts getting frantic thinking of Ma who does not know the woods. He was supposed to be back already and the devil's putting in his mind she's screaming and going frantic and she can't start a fire and they're going to freeze and he's now he starts going crazy. Yes. And it was about that time a predestinated sea came off. Yes. It's about that time the voice of God came and said, "I'm a very present help in the time of trouble." Have you ever been there spiritually? And then God break his grace. His grace that we have confidence in our own selves, his grace broke through. Look to me all ye earth and be saved. Ain't that right? I'm an everpresent help in the time of trouble. Amen. Brother Brandham kept hearing it over and over and he said, "Are you man enough to admit, Brother Brandham, you're lost?" And I say, "Do you have the courage enough to admit, Brother Craig? I've been bluffing. I don't know where I stand. I want to know where I stand. I want to be really found. I don't want to hope I found. I want to be reality found." Amen. But then said, "Dear God," he said, "I'm lost. I was lost as lost could be." I believe a prayer like that could be prayed this morning. He said, "You be my compass. I cannot see the signs and I'm lost." And then when he come out of prayer, he said, "Amen." He goes, "I'm going to do my best with the very best that I can do. And I I'm going to go this way. This is Hurricane Mountain." and he began to walk in his own strength and a hand grabbed him on the shoulder. He turned. He said, "I was going towards Canada and I never would have got out of it." He said when he turned, God supernaturally cleared a path to Hurricane Mountain and there stood the landmark. And once he saw the landmark, he got his bearings of where he was and how far he was from safety. Yes. Wow. The man said 5 to seven miles away that he had 3 years prior had put a phone line on the top of that tower right down to where his handle was. But quickly God allowed trials and tribulations. The clouds come back again. But it didn't matter because he caught it last. Amen. The ancient landmark and now it was enough to show him his position. Amen. From this point on it's getting darker and darker. The winds are twisting and the blizzard is full and brother Brham is groping through the darkness. But as long as he keeps the path, he knows he'll make it to safety. Amen. He falls and he scrapes his legs up to the mountain. Steer jumping out in front of him, but he just keeps going straight. Amen. His arms are freezing. He's getting tired. He sits still. He's got his arms in the air so he'll catch that line. Amen. And brother Ben said, "That's what we should be doing." Yes, Lord. Amen. All the way to Calvary. All the way to the rapture. Amazing grace. How sweet this sounds. He would hit a a stick. That wasn't it. He let his arms rest and he just kept going. I know it's tough in Leosia. I know it's dark in Leosia, but his grace is sufficient. Amen. All right. And finally, he hit that wire and it wasn't a branch. And he said, "Oh, everything that I love is at the end of this wire." Aren't you glad that you got a hold of the Holy Spirit? Amen. And everything that you love and everything that loves you is waiting now at that time. Yes. Ain't that right? Brother Brandon finds himself to his family. Is this okay? The reason I told you that is it took God moving back the fog, him saying an ancient landmark to get his position. We're in Leosia. God has got to move back the unbelief so we can see Calvary and know exactly what direction we're going. No matter how dark it gets, God has the revealed word, the ancient landmark. You just keep walking towards this message. It is God's restoration of the faith. Amen. All scripture must come back to God. Notice all faith must rest in scripture. Yes. If you believe in something, a revelation must come back to the word. If an angel appeared to you and give you a revelation, you must be able to find it in the pages of the scriptures. Yes. Everything must be judged by the scriptures. Amen. For instance, I I've uh talked to a man that, you know, said, you know, I'm going to marry this one over here, been married before, and and we say, where do you get that? He said, well, you just don't have a revelation of it. As though the revelation supersedes the scripture. It ain't a personal revelation like that. It is a revelation of the word of God. Yes. Is that okay? Amen. And brother Random makes this statement that a man came to him and said with your experience, brother Random, that God has given you for the people. He said, "You would be eligible to write a Bible yourself." And he said he was trying to catch me. I said, "I couldn't do that cuz not one word can be added and not one word can be taken." Amen. He said when those seven thunders blasted, that man said, "Wouldn't that be a revelation given to some man?" He said, "No, that would be adding or taken away. It's all revealed in here." Amen. The seven seals, the revelation is what it was. He said, "It's still in the word." So, you can't get out of the word. It won't leave the word. The spirit will never leave the word. Yes. Blinding some and opening the eyes of others. Yes. We get bewildered when we get out of God's boundaries. If you have a revelation outside the word, you'll find yourself on shaky ground. Because all revelation has a reference point for it. Ain't that right? Yes. for it. To give you an example, let's say me and Randy Burton, we're going to go uh uh shoot guns and I'm going to sight in a new gun that I got. And brother Ry's getting his gun all sighted, getting all sighted and ready. And I grab mine and I'm just shooting at the clouds. And he says, "Brother Craig, what are you doing?" I said, "Well, I'm sighting in my gun." Does anyone know anything about guns here? You don't sight in a gun just by shooting up in the air. Amen. You got to have a target. Yes. And then you got to shoot that target. And that is a reference point. And then you base your gun upon the reference point. And then you just narrow it in real good. And that's exactly what sin is. Sin is to miss the mark because God sets the boundary. And we've got to be able if we're going to be saved, we got to be able to hit the target. Yes. So God had defined what sin is by his word. Yes. Is that okay? Yes. Let me show you how this works. God had said not to eat from the tree of knowledge. And they would live forever as long as they lived within the boundaries of God's word. Satan come in and he removed the boundary and said, "Surely you won't die." Yeah. And so once she stepped out of the boundary of God, the curse come upon her because he lured her. He moved the boundary. Is this okay? Yes. And the Bible forbid that and so God dealt with them in death. Jesus tried the same thing to our Lord when he said, "If you be the son of God, turn these stones into bread." He could have done it. He walked on water. He stopped storms. He turned water to wine. He raised dead men. He healed all manner of diseases. He could have done it, but he didn't do it. Brother said he didn't use his power on himself. He said, but rather went back to the word and said, "That is not the ancient landmark. This is the ancient landmark that I feed upon the word of God." Amen. Is this okay? In other words, Jesus knew his position in the scriptures. Yes. We're living in the most deceptive age that has ever been on the face of the earth. That's the truth. Powerful winds of hell are blowing, freezing conditions, coldness, and seducing spirits. Now, I'm preaching to the true message believer this morning. Because real Christians become disoriented. They love God, but they they fail to have the assurance to know their position. Yes. Now, Satan will accuse you if you're a believer that you are not a believer. That it's all in your head and not in your heart. How many ever heard that? That your faith is not sufficient even though all you need is a mustard seed. That's right. That you do not have the Holy Ghost. Did you know that Satan can really give a true believer a rough way to go? Yes. Watch. Watch this. Is this okay? I'm going to read out of questions and answers. That's okay, brother Brooks. Amen. Brother Brandham, what shall we do? Something has settled over me and I cannot break through. Last fall, I dreamed I was lost in white sand. It was getting dark. I couldn't find my way. This dream has stayed with me since last fall. And now I'm as one groping in the darkness. My son Urban and his wife are included in my dream. They also are in darkness. We are destined. I believe God will show you what is in our hearts. If we wrong or sitting in places we want to be right. So this woman has put herself into a place of loss groping and darkness and don't even can't even put her finger on sin. For the man who says, "I don't know, lady, but I feel if you're here, this is your trouble. You have let something happen to you to make you nervous." Being in white sands represent purity and righteousness. You're just letting Satan put one over on you. Your dream proved there's nothing wrong. You're only nervous by doing this. You're making the rest of your family nervous. Stop doing it. Claim your God-given rights. Your dream proves my interpretation. You are in white sand. Everything is right. You are nervous. Amen. Wow. You let a member of the family get nervous. The next member gets nervous. They go to fussing and he said everyone gets upset. Try each one of you children. Help your papa and mama. Papa try your children. Don't let that gloomy unbelieving spirit get around you. You are Christians. You are born in the spirit of God. You're the salt of the earth. You have God-given rights if there be any praise, if there be any virtue. Don't think about the wrong thing. Amen. Brother takes them exactly to the word of God so they could get their bearings. I'm not lost. I claim God's word. Yes. And the word is enough to beat the devil any place, anywhere, anytime. I don't care what you're going through. The word is enough to position you right where you need to be. Amen. If the devil can make you forfeit your position in Christ to believe his lie, he'll remove the word of God from your life and you'll go believing a lie. When everything is fine, that's right. Is the blood still enough to wash? Yes, it is. Is his grace still? Yes, it is. Is he still given the Holy Ghost? Amen. Until the return of the corporal body. Amen. I say there was enough grace for Paul. There's enough grace for me. There's enough grace for you. It's too hard for God. Amen. God challenges us to believe his word. We claim to be believers. So many times we leave it and God's saying just stay with it. Amen. What more can we do? Who can that accumul? Is this all right? Now I want to go in deep. Is this okay? Yes. Satan wants to make you in a bewildered condition because in that condition you'll never have rapturing faith. Yes. Because rapturing faith is perfect faith. Perfect faith is in a perfect word that you do not question not one thing. That's right. That's what it'll take to go. Other words, it takes more faith now than it ever did. He had to restore the word because faith comes back to the word. Revelation comes back to the word. So God vindicates perfectly the word of God to create a perfect faith in the hearts of the people that has been ripening for the last 50 years. Now Satan attacks the Holy Spirit because he don't want you to have the Holy Ghost. He wants you to question, do you have the Holy Ghost? And he tries to make you doubt. Amen. How many ever heard where brother said drive a snake down? Yes. Many times people in meetings they'll say that's it. I'm tired of dealing with this devil. I'm going to drive a steak here. You cannot mentally just drive a stake. That would be like turning a new leaf. That would be like a New Year's re resolution. If that driving a stake is in your power, you're going to fail. But brother Benham said, "When you drive a steak, a man, the de Let me read it to you." He said, "One man one time was trying to seek God. Every time he did and said, I'm saved." The devil would say, "No, you're not." And one day he drove down a stake and he said, "Satan, from this time on I'll point to this stake and this is the place where I met God's requirements." Yes. Amen. You see what I'm saying? I'm just I'm going to drive a steak today. You're going to leave me alone. No. He went to the word and I've been baptized in Jesus Christ. I am a believer and my life shows I'm a believer. Yes. The devil points to the mistakes. You point to the blood. Amen. That's right. There's your protection. That's right. Amen. Cuz you may have mistakes and you'll never be mistake free. But we are here in Christ. Amen. Aren't you happy? And you can tell the devil, I've made a mistake. I've accepted God's message. I've accepted his word. He promised me the Holy Ghost. When did you get it? It don't matter. He promised. Amen. Amen. Neither if I go to hell, I'm going to love him. Amen. Tell me God withhold. What man his son asked for bread? Will he give him a stone? That's right. Can I carry on? See, this was Job s this was Job's confidence because Job offered the burnt sacrifice. He drove a snake. He lost his children. He lost his asses. He lost his camels. He lost everything. His friends turned against him. His wife turned against him. And there he stood in that condition standing firm. He met God return. Though hell shook it shackles and though he never feared, he looked right into the mouth of the devil and he believed God's word. That is an unmovable faith. That was his ancient landmark. Yes. Job was justified by faith. Amen. Job was declared righteous by his faith in the everlasting love. That's right. Ain't that wonderful? Once you put down your state, you don't move. See, you are safe within the borders of God's word. Amen. On any level. Ain't that right? You've been baptized in Jesus Christ's name. You've accepted God on the basis of his word. You'd accepted the message of the hour. Yes. Now, God had a mighty revival in 1906. It was a real outpouring of the Holy Spirit. But the devil went in and from the Pentecostal church, he removed the landmark right in their own revival. He took away the true evidence of the baptism of the Holy Ghost and he replaced it with tons and sensation. That's exactly what he done. Yes. And the church, the Pentecost, the church became so bewildered, it could no longer offer eternal life. But it was the synagogue of Satan and Antichrist. Legalist churches. Satan come right in, remove the landmark, and the people are always reaching and can never get it. Always out of the reach of the people. And it's not God's word. The man put it out of man's reach. What? Reach by his grace. Yes, Lord. When I couldn't reach him, he stooped down and gave it to me freely. Is that right? Amen. So, the devil says, "Well, how do you know you're sealed? How do you know you're going to go in the rapture?" You say, "Well, I prayed and peace came in my heart. The next day, Satan attacked and took it away." Yes. Well, I wear long dresses, so Muslims. Yeah. Well, I lived the life for the brand told the lie. The man said, "Be careful about the fruits of the spirit. I came to the altar and then you came back next year." Well, I had a certain sensation, but you're up and down. One day you feel sick, the next day you don't. Satan loves you to be there because you can never appropriate the correct rapturing faith that is unmovable because man is unmovable. His a man is movable. His works is movable but the ancient man not permitted to be moved. This is God's promises. This is where man is blessed. This is where man is saved. This is where God meets man. Yes, Lord. Within the borders. Your experience must come back to the word of God. Yes, Lord. Otherwise, you'll always be reaching and never attending. Amen. Can you look at Job and said, "I've accepted his provided way for this day." I'm not talking about a historical God of 2,000 years ago. I'm talking about God made flesh in this day. Is this all right? Going too long. No. Today I was talking with a good friend. This is 19 uh 1964. Today I was talking to a good friend, Lee Bale, who's present now. He's quite a theologian. Usually we have some pretty good discussions on the scripture. Very smart. He asked me and said I thought he said he asked me one time what I thought of the initial evidence of the Holy Ghost. Was it speaking in tongues? I said it's been many years ago. I said no I can't see that. He said neither do I. And he said well I though I've been taught that. What do you think would be the evidence? Because there must be an evidence. If there's no evidence we're bewildered. Yes. We don't know where we're standing. Amen. There must be a true evidence of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Can you say amen? Amen. So, you can never have faith until you know you've met God's requirements. Yes. And so, Brother B said, "The most perfect evidence that I can think of is love." And so, we got to talking on that, and I thought, well, that sounds pretty good. A man's got love. But one day, the Lord in a vision straightened me out. Yes. Yes. Now, I want you to notice if you study the evidence of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Brother Random does not pick up on this till 1964 and he preaches it all. It had to because under the opening of the word, God had to bring back the ancient landmark. Yes. He had to give the people know that I am in the promised land and I'm not on the devil's ground. I'm not in the wilderness. I'm not lost. I'm not in Leosia. I'm not in Babylon. I'm a land flowing with milk and honey. Amen. There's got to be a no. So, it's got to be a perfect faith. Yes. Can you say amen? So, one day in a vision and visions never fail. Yes. Man fails, but the vision is the word of God. Yes. God in a vision straighten me out. He said the How many want to be straightened out? Amen. Amen. Yes. The evidence of the spirit were those who could receive the word. Neither love nor speaking in tongues, but receiving the word. Now, we can just casually look at that and just go on, but it has a deeper meaning than what we give it credit for. Dr. Bale was speaking to me and said that's scriptural. All right. work. We want to make sure that it's something that never changes. He said when he the Holy Ghost has come upon you, he will reveal these things to you. Amen. That I have taught you and will show you things to come. Amen. So there is a genuine evidence of the Holy Ghost. He has never told me anything wrong yet. It is the evidence of the Holy Ghost. He who can believe the word and receive it. Amen. He goes on further later to say the word of your age. Amen. Cuz Jesus never said when the Holy Ghost come you'll speak in tongues. He never said when the Holy Ghost, he said he'll take these things of mine and show them to you. So there is a genuine evidence of the Holy Ghost according to Jesus himself. Yes. What I'm teaching this morning, you don't have to think is my ideas. This is our Lord's ideas. This is the ancient landmark. This is what'll get you from a bewildered condition to know where you're standing to know that you're a part of God's abomination. Amen. If we devalue this truth, we harm ourselves. If we There must be an absolute so the ups and downs will quit and we'll know even when I'm feeling down. The absolute hole. Amen. Even when I don't feel safe, the absolute hole. Brother Benham said there would come a day Satan's ambition even in the angelic wars was that he would exalt his throne above all that is called God. And brother Brandham said in this age he has succeeded in carrying out his threats. He has marvelous success in carrying out his threats by the people letting him explain away in every age the value of God's promised word to that age. Amen. So in other words, when Luther retored the truth of justification, Satan came to that group of believers and devalued it. Amen. When Wesley brought the truth of holiness, it wasn't in Paul's day. Satan moved right into Wesley's day and devalued that truth. And he said he's exalting himself above the word of God. Amen. And in this day, God has opened the seals, revealed to us a perfect truth. And Satan is at work to remove this truth from you because he wants you bewildered, confused, and lacking. Yes. Trying to discredit God's eternal landmark. He does not want you to believe it. You say, "Brother Craig, it's not reliable." Because many people just believe it and are not Christians. Let me say this that Satan cannot be the word. Amen. He can impersonate any death. He can impersonate anything but Satan cannot be the word. God will sort out the make believers. You be a believer. You stand on the word. You know what's down for him. Amen. You will always be impersonators. Janice and Jamre's folly will be made manifest. Yes, it's only a matter of time. So, we see make believers falling away. We're seeing it now. They cannot quote the word. They cannot believe the word. Your job is to believe. Amen. You say, "Brother Craig, that's easy. Believe us, the word of God, easy is easy. A man's got to fight his way to hell." But a man said he complicated, but grace is just as available. And God says the Holy Ghost is just as available. God said it was. Yes. You said, "Brother Greg, you believe that there's one God. Devils believe and tremble." That's true. But devils are not believers. Yes. That's right. That's right. See how the devil warps that. Oh, devils believe. You know who it? Devils aren't believers. I don't care who surrounds themselves in the nucleus of this truth. Only believers can believe. That's right. You just be a believer. Yes. And when you see the ancient landmark, you know where you are standing because you are a genuine believer. Yes, brother. There were all kinds of unbelievers around it. He loved them all. Said God has sorted out but there is according to Jesus himself the evidence of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Brother Bam said this. Is this all right? Coming out of the feast of the trumpets. He said as it was in the days of wrath, so will it be in the coming of the end of the world when the son of man is revealing. He had never done it through the age. See the perfect continuity of the scripture. Here we live. The mysteries, the mystery of the baptism in Jesus Christ's name away from the oneness idea. And these others, the Holy Ghost has moved in and showed it perfectly. The true baptism of the Holy Ghost, the token, everything, and placed it. He placed every reformer, everything right before our eyes. Knocked them in a corner. the world known Jesus the son of God revealing himself by the scriptures making that scripture that had been predestinated to this day like it was that day and all other days and to believe it is the evidence of the Holy Ghost says okay here's another one brother says notice is there one here him that has not received the baptism of the spirit 1964 who do you say this is he said you say I spoke in tongues once that's good but still that ain't what I'm talking about you can shout, speak in tong and deny the word. The evidence of the Holy Ghost is believing his word and has been always in every age. If you can receive, that's it. Not easy belieism, but a life following. Amen. Amen. Those priests Jesus beat a million miles. He wouldn't come to the fruit of the spirit. Gentle, peaceful, meek, low. He tore up the churches, kicked and tore. But it's the word to believe it. That's it. Believe it. God is the word. Believe it. Yes. This end time message is the ancient landmark, the restoring of the faith. Amen. And the apostolic, the apostolic fathers. You say, "Brother Craig, what do I do with this?" You don't have to be wilder. Capitalize upon thus sayith the Lord. Amen. Say, "Okay, Satan, you've tried to say that's not reliable. I'm going to take God in his word. Amen. And do I believe the whole word? Your life will prove whether you did. Yes. You still got a television in your house. You simply not a plug the token. Your life will show whether you're a believer. Yes. Even in the littlest places. Yes. You say, "I'm a believer." But your life may preach against you. It is the whole word. And the whole word, believing the word entitles you to the promised land, the token. Amen. That's right. Love him this morning. Yes. Say, "I've met God's requirements." Hallelujah. How do you know you're saved? God says so. Amen. How do you know you're forgiven? God says so. How do you know you're a part of the bride? God said so. I see it and I believe it. Satan will try to redefine Pentecost. He'll try to redefine it as something that God didn't make it. That's what the Pentecostal organization did. And people, brother Ben said, millions are worshiping Satan and not knowing him. Or a thought. Satan has tried to redefine forgiveness. As you're forgiven, but you're just a sinner saved by grace. That is absolutely a lie. In the blood is a power to transform your soul and to give you power over sin and unbelief. Yes. And brother Brandham said, "Not only is the blood just some, it is a Clorox bleach that God has designed to kill and annihilate sin." I want you to notice I'm speaking of a landmark. Now listen here, brother Brandon, for many years. Is this okay? Can I go real? Amen. Amen. Let's say that this is a chasm between me and Brother Brooks. And when man sinned, when Satan removed the landmark and he stepped out of God's boundaries, it created a chasm that man could not get back to God. Amen. For many years, brother Brandham said Jesus God came down in the flesh and built a bridge to Isaiah and he walked across the bridge to be saved. But as brother Brandham penetrated the truth further, he said, "Oh no, he didn't make a bridge. He annihilated the eternal chasm. Yeah, there's not even a castle anymore. If there was a bridge, there would be a remembrance. He was once lost. Wow. But the blood is so powerful. Remove the and we are standing as the son of God that can speak swirls into existence, speak creation, restore it back to the position that Adam was before the fall. You go back and study it. The blood removes sin's chasm. Amen. You're not a sinner saved by grace. You are standing in the perfection of almighty God if you can accept this. I know man is bewildered. I know man has a hard time grasping it, but God can reveal it if we're willing to believe it. Is this okay? Anybody love the Lord? Amen. Brother Brandham said if if I got on her drunk and brother Brandham said he forgive me. Well, you know, thanks for forgiveness, but I'm not justified cuz I did it. Amen. But if he said, I forgive you for drinking, I said, but I never drank in the first place. Amen. I I can't accept that because because I never done it. So powerful is the blood of Jesus that the devil has no right to accuse you anymore. That's right. The accuser is cast out. Hallelujah. that Jesus is cast down and you're standing perfect in the blood of Jesus. Do you remember the chicken? The chicken or the eagle thought it was a chicken and it lived like a chicken. But the whole time it was born an eagle. It was an eagle in the mind of God before the foundation of the world. He was bewildered when he was scratching in the manure of fire. He was bewildered when he was roosting in a chicken coop. But one day he heard a message. One day he heard a voice and he heard the voice. He lost me in this land and he got his save my son of the immortal king. Yes. And he said, "Come up higher." Ain't it wonderful? God come to seek and say, "It ain't you saving God. It ain't you seeking God. Is God saving you? One time there was a little uh woman at the well. She was a harlot. She was bewildered in sin, living ungodly, living with other men, women's husbands and and breaking up families. And this vile woman who Jews would not touch, was walking down a lonely road when God had needs to go by Samaria. Yes. She wasn't looking for him. He come looking for her. And in that bewildered condition, he said, "Woman, you bring me a drink." Amen. By the time that appointment was over, she lost her bewildered condition. Yes. And she was saved. And the testimony has been preached thousands times, thousands of times. Yes. But the priest looked right at the word for that day and called it a balon. Amen. But the man said, "How did that woman was able to see and the priest couldn't?" He said, "Because her name was on the book, she could respond to the Lord." No matter in her condition, in that condition, she had the ability to die to Christ forever. You are label fear. It has adulterous generations. You have looked at the word of life when the denominations condemned it and man has condemned it and you said this is the son of man revealed. It shows your name. Yes. Is written on the book. Amen. And if God before us, you can be against us. That's right. It tells us our position. It tells us who we are. You are on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. If you are saved then, you're saved now forever more. Is this okay? Amen. All that the father has given me, they will come to me. That's right. Is it right? I'm just a housewife. I'm just a farmer. I'm just a carpenter. I never spoke in tongues. I never danced in the spirit. I never preached. I never accomplished nothing. My grace is sufficient. Amen. Amen. He the Holy Spirit has come. He will lead you and guide you into all truth. That's right. And he will show you the safety of Los Angeles and things to come. Yes. He'll show you the the Antichrist. For the Bible said, the Holy Ghost alone is the divine revealer of truth. Yes. And he that is born of God cannot sin. Yeah. Amen. The devil said, "Oh, I've seen you make plenty of mistakes for the rich." Brother Adam, I saw your mistakes. Brother Adam said, "Oh, he redefined sin." Sin ain't mistakes. Sin is unbelief. And when you're born again of the spirit of God, that man cannot believe. Amen. The believer can always believe. Yes. And what my shortcomings are covered by the perfect blood of Jesus Christ. That's the truth. Amen. All right. Amen. How many love the Lord? Amen. The revelation of this message is Jesus Christ to this generation. You say, "Brother Craig, I'm a follower of the spirit." In order to follow the spirit, you must recognize and amen the word of God. Yes, we are believers. You should say, "I am his child. I believe every word of this end time message." And the accuser says, "Where is the perfect bride? Look at them." Yes. I know their mistakes. Look at them. Where is the perfect God? I'll point to a perfect land. She's here. She's here this morning. She is perfect. She's not coming. She is here upon the earth. The stars announced her arrival. Five stars lined up in the heavens and the infant bride was born 50 years ago. And now she's coming to maturity, standing upon her feet in this very image. Flesh of his flesh, bone of his throne, word of his word, character of his character, life of his life. She is here this morning. Yes, Lord. That's my landmark. That's what I'm standing on. That's what I done, what he done, and it is a finished work forever. That's right. That gives us perfect assurance geographically where we're standing. Yes, Lord. Brother Craig, I'm feeling down. Thank God I'm saved. Craig, I'm feeling sick. Thank God I'm saved this morning. Yes, Lord. You love the Lord. The Bible says in 1 John 5:5, "Who is he that overcomemeth the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the son of God?" Who is he that overcomes Adosia? Who is he that overcomes the darkness and unbelief of this age? That's right. Who is he that overcome self? He that believeth that Jesus Christ is the son of God. Yes. Jesus didn't die for me. He raised for me. He's been alive for 2,000 years and has revealed himself in our age. He is alive and well this morning. Yes. [Music] Yes. Brother Craig, am I standing in the promised land? You tell me. Amen. Amen. Amen. It cannot be moved. I am born again of the spirit of God and you know by the landmark. Amen. I have met God's requirement. That's right. The devil brings his I [Music] one day the same voice that said Craig and turn me around for one day called from heaven cannot. It is the grace of God that started this walk. It is the grace of God that'll finish this walk. Thank he called me because he knew me before the world. died and he loved me when I was a sinner and your works perfect you now. He was determined to save us. Yes. And nothing shall separate us. That's right. From the love that is in Christ. Yes. Nor height, nor depth, nor famine, nor nakedness, nor peril, nor sword. Yes. Nothing. Say nothing. Nothing. Nothing shall separate us. That's right. From the love that is in Christ. Yes. This is the landmark that has set our parameters. And I am walking in. That's right. Amen. I'm walking on security ground this morning. I'm not on the devil's ground. And he better not get on ours because we have an abstract title name and he'll be thrown off. Amen. How many believe it? Amen. Stand back. God-given right. [Applause] Hallelujah. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. Oh glad your mercies have found me. So glad you found me [Music] and you set me free. So glad I'm yours. Lord, I'm yours. Aren't you happy to be called this morning? Amen. Does anyone need prayer this morning? Anyone need prayer? I have someone
