################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2014-04-13 - Naomi's Return - 2014 03 30m - Randy Sias - Randy Sias.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2014-04-13
Title:    Naomi's Return - 2014 03 30m - Randy Sias
Speaker:  Randy Sias
Church:   Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 49m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=viM6TADysrw
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
Naomi's Return
Randy Sias
Recorded - 2014 03 30m
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
and made me. Let's have a word of prayer. Dear gracious heavenly father, we are each standing here today, Lord, and I believe that we could testify that somewhere that you have touched us and that something has happened to us, Lord, where at one time we were in darkness, Lord, you have brought us into the light of God. And we are so happy, Lord, for your grace and your mercy that has been bestowed upon us. And as we are gathered here in the house of the Lord, many prayers have already gone up, but we ask once again, Lord, that the liberty of the Holy Spirit would be here and that every hindering spirit would be bound and that we would be drawn closer to you. And Father God, that your will would be done in our hearts and lives. that on that day, Lord, we would stand before you ready, Lord Jesus, to enter into the kingdom of God. So, heavenly father, we commit ourselves to you, Lord Jesus. And we ask, Father, that you would just forgive us of every sin, every failure, all of our shortcomings, everything that we are, Lord, that you may be merciful and forgive us, Jesus. Hallelujah, Lord. And I pray, Lord, you move this man out of the way. you step in Lord speak to our hearts once again as the scripture is written I can do nothing Lord without you so we praise your wonderful name continue to bless the pastor here and the work here Lord in De Moines and pray father god that uh your righteousness would prevail Lord throughout this city in this area we give you the praise and the glory in the name of Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior we pray amen glory to the name of Jesus glory to God I'm going to ask you to open your Bibles to Judges chapter 2 if you would please. Greet you in the name of the Lord uh uh from Lorraine and the people the believers that are are there. And uh we were supposed to I had a brother coming in to have uh services with us uh uh last night and uh this morning. And I was kind of in question yesterday what was going to take place because there in Ohio I guess it's a bit like De Moines's here that March is unpredictable. You have no idea what is going to happen and we had a uh I was watching the weather reports during the week and uh sure enough there's a storm in the area and uh it hit yesterday but I guess they were able to have the meeting yesterday. I was wondering whether was going to have to cancel it or not, but I understand they had the had the meeting and the presence of God was there and right about this time they're starting the meeting there. So, we're kind of at the both of us are right at the same time having having our service. Praise the Lord. But the Lord has been very good to us there and speaking to our hearts. And uh we want to share a few things with you here this morning. And reading here in Judges chapter 2, we want to read begin reading in verse 13. And we'll read down to verse 18. And they forsook the Lord and serve Baal and Asharod. And the anger of the Lord was hot against Israel. And he delivered them into the hands. And I want you to read closely. Many times, friends, when people read the Bible, they they kind of read it, but they don't really read it. They don't absorb it. Absorb what we're reading. You should always learn. You should learn to be like a sponge and just absorb everything that the Lord has. Just take your time. Don't let anything go past you. If you don't know that word, I wonder what that word means. Let me look that word up. And you'll find out God will speak to you. And it says, "And the anger of the Lord was hot against uh Israel, and he delivered them into the hands of the spoilers that spoiled them, and he sold them into the hands of their enemies roundout, so that they could not any longer stand before their enemies. Whethersoever they went out, the hand of the Lord was against them for evil, as the Lord had said, and as the Lord had sworn unto them, and they were greatly distressed. So, I don't think it's good to have God have his turn his hand against us. If he turns his hand against us, we're in trouble. Yes, sir. They were uh Nevertheless, the Lord raised up judges which delivered them out of the hand of those that spoiled them. And yet they were not uh and yet uh they would not hearken un unto their judges. But they went and whoring after other gods and bowed themselves unto them. They turned quickly out of the way which their fathers walked in, obeying the commandments uh uh of the the Lord, but they did not sow. And when the Lord raised them up judges, then the Lord was with the judge and delivered them out of the hands of their enemies all the days of of the judge. For it repented it repented the Lord because of their groanings by reason of them that oppressed them and vexed them. Let's read that portion again. For it repented the Lord because of their groanings by reason of them that oppressed them and vexed them. May the Lord bless his word. You may be seated. I want to talk to you for just a couple of minutes before we get right into the the sermon. As I've said, I just appreciate uh Brother Isaiah's uh invitation to come and speak to you here for just a little while. And I've known Brother Isaiah for for many years, and I've appreciated his spirit actually. what I have seen and I'm really no judge of uh anything but from my point of view you got a very good pastor here and a man who really loves the Lord uh the things that I have God has dealt with me about we have set and discussed and come to we were talking about things yesterday and coming to see that uh the things that the Lord has dealt with me about God has dealt with him the same way and they're just lining up and uh I know personally personally that things that the Lord has taught me about the gospel, uh, I know it come from the Lord. Person might say, "Well, you're under some influence." I got news for you. I'm not under any influence other than the Holy Spirit. I I follow his leadership and what he has for me. Men may come and they may present something, but I will take it and I'll take it before the Lord and see whether it's right or wrong. Amen. And uh people today in this uh hour that we're living in, people are are serving the Lord and serving uh God in what we call in the ranks of this message. But I'm coming to find out that uh in this last few years, I'm beginning to realize that people don't really know the purpose of why uh we're here, why we're in this age, why the age what it is, why we have so-called the message. And we talk about a prophet has come. But people don't understand many things about what is really going on. What is the what is the purpose? What is the purpose of being here? What is the purpose of being in church? There has to be a purpose for for everything. You see, God doesn't do anything without a purpose. That's the reason why uh many times in our distress and thing trials of life, we find out we get uh very troubled. We don't know why these things are happening. Why is this happening? Why? But if you read your Bible, the Bible says and you really love God and it says all things are are are uh are for the good to those that are called according to his purpose. There is a purpose that is going on in your life. Well, what is it? Well, that's not your business. That portion is not your business. Your business is just to serve the Lord. Amen. And so, as we're walking along and I could say, "How long have you been walking with the Lord?" Well, I've been walking with the Lord for a year. How about you? Well, I've been 10 years. Another one 15, 20, 25, whatever amount of time that might be. And uh I could ask you, what are your goals in your goals in your life for your walk with God? What what are are you interested in to accomplish? Well, I don't know. To serve the Lord. Well, what does that mean? What does it mean to serve the Lord? and and and people don't know the answers to these things. They're they're actually simple basic answers. What is your what is your goal? If I if you uh were uh if you left your house and I ask you, where are you going? And you said, well, I'm going to go out to to some stores and I will say, well, what's your purpose? Why are you going? You you will you will right away name off, I'm going to see about getting this and this and this. When you leave your house, you already got a goal. You got a purpose. You got something laid out. And in walking with the Lord, we don't just walk blindly. Amen. We got to have a purpose of where we're going. What What are we doing? You know, that's one of the questions that comes back to me in this day with people that are serving the Lord. What are you doing? What are you doing? You know, they they're they they start out on their journey and go, you know, and they make a turn this way, then they're back over this way and they're going, "What are you doing?" And when you talk to, "Well, I love the Lord." That don't mean anything. That means nothing. There'll be a lot of people in hell that says, "I love God." Because they they don't know what love is. People talk about love today. I remember I preached a message many years ago uh uh on on the subject of love and I with it I brought out that how that many people the the world believes they know something about love and very few people know anything about love. They know they they know very little about love. You see the thing of it is to to actually know love you have to know Jesus Christ. Amen. You you can't know love in any other way other than knowing Jesus Christ. All the rest of it is all a carnal love. And it's it's relevant. You you love somebody today. Tomorrow you may not love them. You know it it's flexible. It's relevant. It depends on situation. Well, I thought I love them. I can't stand that person now. Well, what what happened? My Bible tells me love doesn't change. It's constant. It's not on circumstances. You see, and and people say, "Well, I love God." Well, the Bible says, "If you love God, keep my commandments." Why aren't you ser Why aren't you serving the Lord? Well, you know, I got these cir circumstance. Well, don't tell me you love God because you don't. Amen. See, people don't know what love is. They don't know what their purpose is. the we talk about I in in ministers ministers themselves they're going around oh praise the Lord for what God has done in this day God has sent a light in this day I say brother uh uh I said what what is the purpose that it come well to lead his people where to what well to the rapture or to what does that mean well what do you mean what does it mean to the rapture what does that mean well the catching away what does that And they're going to ask me, "Are you dense? Is something wrong with your head? You know, don't you understand it?" No, there's something more to this. Amen. I There's something more to this. Amen. Praise the Lord. Because this this catching away, you know, I used to think years ago, I thought the rapture consisted of uh just the Lord is going to come and bam, you know, we're gone. Well, that's part of it. Amen. There's more to it than this. Amen. Amen. There's more to this. Thessalonians says uh Thessalonians says he shall descend with He shall This is scripture. I'm just quoting scripture now. He shall descend with a shout. A voice and a trump a trumpet. He shall come with all three of these. A shout. Amen. There's a shout that goes out. Matthew 25, we read there that uh in Matthew 25 when uh uh with the five wise and the five foolish virgins, it says, "At the midnight hour, at the closing of the day, there was a cry that went out." Amen. You know the verse of scripture. Amen. Good. Then I'm not going to turn to it, but in that verse of scripture in our King James Bible, it says, "Behold, the bridegroom cometh. Is that right? Do you know in the Greek in the Greek it doesn't say the bridegroom cometh. It says behold the bridegroom. That's right. In the original that the translators put cometh in there. In the original it doesn't say cometh. It says behold the bridegroom. He's present among his people. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. He's present among you. He's present here. We're sitting here today. We think we're just gathered together. Let me tell you something. Like I told my church, you're not in your house. Listen, saints, let the baby cry. I'm a pastor. I'm going to tell you, I'm not going to pastor you, but I'm going to tell you, leave the baby cry. Don't worry about the baby. You say it. Keep your attention up here. Amen. Amen. You see, they they Jesus is here. He's here right now. This is his house. He said, "When you come into my house, it should be a house of prayer." Amen. Amen. And I told the my church at home, what if I would have come to your house and I I come in and I sat down and they said, "Brother Randy, you know, it's good to have you here, Brother Randy. You know, uh, you know, I it's good to have you here. Uh, Brother Randy, would you like a cup of coffee?" Now, if it was your house, what would you feel like if I did that to you? You wouldn't you wouldn't appreciate it. Brother, you won't talk to me. Why won't you talk to me? I don't feel like talking. Well, you're in my house. Amen. Oh, I'm in your house. So, I'm in your house. That means I'm expected to talk to you. Well, you're in God's house. Amen. And you're expected to talk to him. You're not expected to sleep. Amen. You're not expected just to sit there and warm a seat. When you're in his house, he invites you to come for certain reasons. You're here for a purpose. There's a purpose of being here. Amen. A purpose is is to lift up his name. It's to magnify him. G for us to be attentive and listen to the word of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. And so therefore, when we are there, when we are here, we come in and we're just sitting there and God's looking at you in his house. You dare to come into my house and sit here like this? What kind of attitude have you got? You're in my house. I invited you. I called you from the darkness and you come and sat in my house and act like this. Lord purpose. What does God want out of us? Well, we we we must live the life of Christ. How are you going to do that? How you going to do that? You know, uh the Bible says uh uh Jesus was asked the question, what is the greatest commandment? And he said, "Love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, mind, and soul." And the second is likened unto the first to love thy brother uh as thyself. Love thy Lord thy God with all thy heart, mind and soul. So people what they do to all the Christianity is to love your brother. We got to love one another. Love one another. You can't love one another. You can't love one another. Not until you fulfill the first commandment. You can't do it. It won't work. All you got is a bunch of carnal love. A formality is all you got. Amen. Me coming into your house and sit down and talk with you and have coffee and pizza and whatever, that's not love. That's not fellowship. That's friendship, worldly friendship. But that's not fellowship. Amen. But when I can walk up to a brother and just five minutes chat with him and just feel that spirit, we are having fellowship. Hallelujah. Just five minutes. I walk away and say, "Oh, I enjoy talking with that brother." You only talk with him five minutes. Oh, but what I got in that five minutes Glory purpose. People don't understand purpose of of this Christian one. Do you know that the Bible says you are a peculiar people? You know that I I read that scripture and I got to thinking about that word peculiar. I thought, well, I think I know what it means. That means odd, strange. But I was surprised when I looked up the word. The word actually means a treasure enclosed, a treasure. You are a treasure enclosed, sealed up. Amen. And God is calling you a treasure. And the reason why you're a treasure because you're the only people on the face of the earth that will believe his word the way that you do. Amen. Thank you, Lord. You see, when Mary when that angel came to Mary and talked with Mary, you see, he he said to her, "You're going to have a child." She immediately said she knew the order of life. I have not been with a man. He said, "That don't make any difference. You're still going to have a child. You're going to have a child without being a man." And she agreed to it. Now, let me ask you, why should she believe a message like that? Tell me one reason. It's completely against science. It's against nature. It's against everything that man has taught. It doesn't even make sense. Amen. And she believes it. Why should she believe that? You know, this message today that we have does not make sense to the world. Why do you believe it? Why do you believe it? Amen. You know there on the day of Pentecost when the Holy Ghost came they said why is it that we understand these people who are speaking a different language but somehow we understand it and it's the same way with us when we come in contact with this gospel it's a different language it's a different message and we say how is it that clicks with me how do how do I understand this thank you Lord you see it. God God has uh made us his treasure. We are the the believers of the true believers. Now, I'm not saying believers of of the general message. All Israel is not Israel. I'm sorry. But the true believer is a treasure in the sight of God because they will believe in the Lord. They will hold to his word and they know anything anything is possible. Amen. Anything for you. Yeah, I believe anything's possible. Oh, really? You really believe anything's possible? Then look at yourself and look at the impossibilities about ourselves. Look at ourselves and say, you know, cuz I believe everyone, if that includes me, we look at ourselves. I think, man, this is one hopeless case. Anybody would be honest and say, I see that about myself. Is that right? This is one hopeless case. I'm sure God I I hope God can do something with this. Hallelujah. But you see, you get to a place, my God can do anything. Amen. God can even take this. I have more faith in you. I have more faith that God can do something with you than he can with this. Isn't that true? Amen. But now, let's get down to the impossibility. That's right here. God can do the impossible. God can take this vessel and change it into what he wants it to be. What's the purpose of God? People don't know know the purpose. There's so much that I could say. I I brought my case and I told brother Isaiah, of course, we known each other for a long time. And I said, I I said, I have so much so many so much uh uh amount in in my sermon, I had to bring my whole case just to bring my notes. And he said, bring it on, brother. I said, oh, okay. Didn't shake him up. But there are so many things that the Lord had been dealing with my heart about in the last few years. And one of the one of the great things is is about the purpose of God. What God wants in our life. It's like we're here this morning. We're not here just because it's Sunday morning. Some people go to church because it's Sunday morning. But this is not the purpose. See, this is a place where God speaks. Amen. Amen. I believe he does. I know your pastor. I know God speaks for me. I know he has spoke in our church and we just about went through the ceiling and we just had a wonderful time time in in the Lord and I've uh I've known brother his ministry for many years. I know God uses this man and this is a place that God speaks speaks to the people. I have told some some of the people in my area says well you know you didn't come to church the other day. I said uh but you missed out what God had. He said, "Well, yeah, I understand brother and son." No, no, no. You you you don't understand. God went to church that day. He was there waiting on you and you disappointed him. Amen. You disappointed. He wanted to talk to you that day and the only way you were going to hear him, you had to come to the church and you refused to come. You disappointed him that day. See purpose. When we come to the house of God, I come to get you. every one of you sitting here, you know, we might sit here and maybe I I don't know, I'm just going to give an analogy here that maybe you just take what I had today and just kind of blow it off. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Right, Brother Andy. But I'll tell you what, you'll give more you'll give honor to that uh car that you drive because when it gets down the road and it starts to run out of gas, you run to the gas station. You always make sure you got gas in there. And then we come to the house of the Lord, you're just getting filled up just a little bit more. Sometimes we got a quarter tank or a half a tank. I think I'm going to go get some gas anyway. We come to church. Well, I'm pretty well half. I'm 3/4ers full. I'm praising the Lord. Well, that's good. Let's fill it up a little bit more. Hallelujah. Well, brother, I got a full tank today. Well, let's let it run over. Let's let run over. See, it's coming to the house of God. There's a purpose that is here. There's a purpose in this message that we have in this day. Uh let me uh let me just touch on this and we're getting close. We're going to get right into the into the message here. But uh I haven't been with you for a while. I just I just had it in my heart. It just I this thought just kept coming. Talk to them for a few minutes. Talk to them for a few. So that's what I'm doing. But you you see there in this in this day that God had has sent this message. People think that uh this message is a a very special message and in a sense it is uh that that we have and that God had given us this message and people walk around praise the Lord. Glory to God. We are the bride of Jesus Christ and we have this message today. I'm thankful for it also. I am very much thankful for it. But let's go back to purpose. What is the purpose that God gave us this message? I won't go too deep in this, but I'm just going to hit you hit something here. The only way you would get through this age, you have to have this message. Now, did you hear what I said? You have to have this message. Now, in all of the other six ages, God gave them what they needed. They got what they needed. And we didn't get this get this in this age because we're just so blessed. You need this message. Amen. Why? Because this is the last age. This is the only age that Christ is put on the outside. This is the only age that there is a deception that will deceive the very elect if it's possible. And this is the only age that 200,000,000 horsemen, demons that are released on the face of the earth, Amen. And it brought a destruction to the Jew Jews. It brought a destruction to the denominations. And it's been turned loose on the bride of Jesus Christ. 200,000,000 demons. Now tell me how you're going to resist 200,000,000 demons. You're not going to do it. But God said something to set you free. We needed this message. It had nothing to do with where, oh, we're just so blessed and we're special people. No, I needed this message. That's the only thing, Amen. that will defeat the powers of darkness in this age. Because the Bible said that darkness will deceive the very elect. Let's just leave it like that. It will deceive the very elect. Amen. Well, brother, if it's possible, yes, if it's possible, because God's going to counteract everything the devil's doing. Amen. Amen. Even those four horse rides. See, I'm going to start. I got to slow down here. I start turning open up the faucet. Everything starts spilling out. Those four horse riders, they riding down through the ages. And but you see and people talk about the seven seals. The seven seals. Praise the Lord. You know, God opened up the seven seal. What's the seven seals about? Well, it's about these horse riders and about how there's a white horse, a red horse, a black horse, and the pale horse and and there and what all it's about and so on. That's not the focus. The horse riders are not the focus. The four the the focus is the lion, the ox, the man, and the eagle. That's the focus. Yes, sir. Amen. Because those other those four, those powers were sent out to combat the antichrist. Purpose. preachers get up behind the pope and start throwing out all of these Bible terminologies and and saying different things and these certain uh slogans, these phrases that they put out there. We are the bride. We're the bride. This is the bride age. We are the bride. Tell me a woman that ever gets married, she walks around, I'm a bride. I'm a bride. I'm a bride. She don't say that. Let me tell you about the man I met. Hallelujah. Let me tell you about the man I met. Let me tell you about this one. Amen. He chose me. He chose me. He wants to marry me. I'm going to get married today. He's going to take me as his bride. And not walk around magnifying the bride. The Catholic Church does that. Bring it on. Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary. Exactly. Right. You see that thing slipping into the message, that Catholic spirit to magnify the woman. Hallelujah. And it's everywhere. It's spread everywhere. And I'm thinking, what are you doing? The focus is not the bride. The focus is the king, the mighty conqueror. I guess I'm just oldfashioned, I suppose. I've always believed that the king need to be magnified and I I haven't changed my changed the gospel that I believe. I still believe he needs to be magnified today. I believe he should be magnified in our everyday lives here in the church. When you come to church, we're here to pray for the pastor, pray for the meetings, whoever is ministering, pray for the Holy Ghost. sinners that might walk into our midst to pray for backsliders. Backsliders will die right in your midst, too. Amen. I've seen people spiritually die sitting in the church. It's exactly right. Amen. Because they sat there and as the word is coming to lift them up and to mold them, they they're the word is just going right past them. They're not opening up their hearts. We don't want that to happen. You don't want that. Praise the Lord. I obviously you can see that I love the Lord very much and uh there are so many things I was thinking today what can I share with this little group here in the time that we have but looking here in this judges let's go back to here and I want to talk about and we're going to title this today this the sermon which we have is Naomi's return Naomi's return now a lot of times times the the in preaching from the book of Ruth the the the focus many times is on Ruth and uh her return her coming to the land of Israel but our focus today is actually going to be on Naomi and uh bringing it down and bringing that focus down to ourselves. So now when we're sitting and listening to this uh today, I want you just to focus on yourself because you know that the Bible says judgment begins in the house of the Lord. That's another thing to add. This is not only God's house. This is the judgment hall. You are being judged right now. Amen. Being judged. Do you know that when the when the rapture takes place, those that are taken up will not be judged. Amen. Hallelujah. They won't be judged because they've already been judged. Amen. People think, "Well, when we get on the other side, we're going to get to the white throne judgment, and I hope everything will be all right." You're going to the white throne judgment, not me. I'm already at the judgment. I'm already in the judgment. God is judging me by by the word and what is being brought from my life. But looking here in these uh verses of scripture, we see that how that the as we had read there in verse 13, they they forsook the Lord and serve Baal and Ashroth. It goes on to tell how that uh God would send them judges and uh and the the judge would deliver them. I want you to notice very carefully that the judge would come. A judge. Judge is one that comes brings cases before him, judges the rights and the wrongs. You see, uh we don't want to we don't really want to meet God as a judge. We want to meet him as a king. We're we're facing him now as a judge. You know, that you know that you know how you handle the judge. You know how you deal with the judge or when you when you stand before him, just run and fall before him. Said, "Guilty, Lord. Guilty. I'm not even gonna try to plead my case. I'm guilty. Whatever it is, I'm guilty. He'll look right. He likes that. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. These are judges. And a judge, he will go and he will determine cases. And but notice this judge is also a deliverer because he delivers them from their enemies. Judge. Deliver. Amen. judge, deliver. He's not only a judge, he's also a deliverer. He's a savior. A savior and a judge. Glory to God. So when the when the judge when the judge and I'm going to use switch these terminologies when the judge when the savior would come and the savior the judge would be present. Ah praise the lord. Glory to God. Let's serve the lord. But when the when the judge or the savior made his exit, he's not around now. They went back to their pagan worship. When another judge would come along, they would come back and serve the Lord. And they would do this continually. But I brought you to these verses of scripture because we find out here uh my place here. Yes. And at the end of verse uh or just verse 18, and when the Lord raised them up judges that then the Lord was with the judge and delivered them out of the hand of their enemies all the days of the judge. So they were they were had freedom for it repented the Lord because of their groanings by reason of them that oppressed them and vexed them. Ah they were under uh uh under oppression. The enemy was giving them much difficulty and so therefore listen therefore it caused groaning in them. They begin to groan. You know, one thing you something that this message I'm sorry I hope you I hope you got a spiritual mind and I don't and I don't mean somewhere off and uh off track here but if you got a spiritual mind to understand this message has killed the groans. Am I right, brother brother Brooks? It has killed the groans. And the reason for that is is because that we feel like we have arrived. We feel like we have we have got the best of the best. We feel like we've got it all and we haven't arrived yet. There needs to we need to go back and we need to go have this groaning in our life. And what caused the groanings is the oppression, the enemy. I told the church at home, I said, "Look, you know, you got all kind of trials going on in your life and many times you feel absolutely miserable. Hands are going up. Yeah. Yeah. Amen. You feel like you just want to get out of this world. Amen. Praise the Lord. I said, "Do you know why? Do you know why you're miserable? God wants you miserable." Amen. Well, my church went quiet on me. I said, "God wants you miserable because if you're happy, you're going to want to stay here. But if you're miserable, you're going to want to say, "God, get me out of this place. I want to leave here." And you're looking for his coming. You're looking for that deliverance. You see the groanings, the groanings have died out. It's faded away. What it is the curse of Leodysia. Rich increase with good. I don't have any need of nothing. Oh, I don't What do I have to groan about? Well, see, let me think about. Oh, man. I guess I could have grown for this. You see, people don't have anything. But when you when you learn when you learn that you wake up in the morning, do you know the Bible says anybody that touches any dead thing must go through a time of purification. Do you remember that in the Bible? It was as I was reading those verses of scripture, I realized I wake up every morning and touch a dead thing. I wake up in this dead carcass and I realize I need the blood of Jesus Christ every day of my life. Amen. Amen. I need him every day of my life. And I realize how great that he is. And if he's going to judge me for what I am, I'm lost. I'm lost. My only hope is his mercy. Amen. So therefore, I've taught I myself and I've taught the church, let's go to the cross and lay at the cross and just groan before him. Lord, I don't want to be me. I want to be like you. Take me, mold me, shape me, do what you got to do with me, Lord. Please, Lord, I want to be more like you. Help me, Lord Jesus. I can't. I've tried to do it myself and I can't do it. I can't do it. I've been serving the Lord for about 40 years now and I find out to this day I still can't do it. I'm a total failure everywhere I look. Amen. But I know he he it's possible for him. He is able. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. We see here the groanings. This groaning is very important. Let's go to let's go to Romans chapter 8. Romans chapter 8, start with verse 18. For I I reckon that the sufferings There we are. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. For the earnest expectation, the earnest expectation, the great great expectation of the creature, that's us, waitth for the manifestation of the sons of God. For the creature was made subject to vanity, that's this world, not willingly. Did God ever ask you if you wanted to come here? No. It wasn't your will. He just put you here. Amen. He made you subject to this world uh not willingly but by reason of him who has subjected the same. I purposely let off those last two words. He purposely subjected the same. In other words, by his will, by his his purpose, he subjected us. He put us in this world. And it says uh subject to this world, this world of vanity in hope. He gave hope. He put us in a world without hope. But he gave us hope. Amen. Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of the corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God. For we know that the whole creation groanth and travaleth in pain together until now. And not only they but ourselves also which have the first fruits of the spirit. Even we ourselves grown within ourselves waiting for the adoption. And that is to means that is the redemption of the body. That the adoption is the the redemption or the rapture. For we are saved by hope. But hope that is seen is not hope. For what a man seeth, why does he yet hope for? But if we hope for that we see not, then we do then do we with patience wait. That's something lacking today is patience. Then do we with patience wait for it. Likewise the spirit also helpeth our infirmities. For we know not what we should pray for as we ought, but the spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings. It makes uh intercession with groanings which cannot be uttered. And he that searchth the hearts knoweth what is the mind of the spirit because he maketh intercession for the saints according to the will of God. So therefore the Bible says that we are groaning. We are groaning. The spirit is groaning right along with us. Brother Brandham mentioned uh uh about groanings and he mentioned that a person that is doing this it is because they have fallen from something. You see when we get sick we don't feel well we start groaning. You have fallen from your health. If you lose a loved one you will groan because you've lost something. You lose your job you will groan because you've lost something. Amen. groanings are are in uh uh in relationship to uh to losing something. We've fallen from something. And it says here that we are groaning, but what we are groaning for uh about is that we have lost our fallen estate. In other words, uh we should be in the uh see the world, let me put it this way, the world is happy out here. They're happy where they're at, but we are growing. What are you growing? I'm not happy in this life. Why you you need a doctor? No, I just need Jesus. Uh God has something greater for me. We have fallen from that. We come into this world. We have been subject to this world. But something in us tells us we were there at one time. Amen. Something tells us we were there at one time. And so therefore, we are groaning. We are groaning uh to to leave this place. We want to be there. Uh people that don't understand the gospel, they would say, "Why would you want to leave? Aren't you happy in this life?" Well, in a sense, yes, for your sake. In a sense, yes, I am happy. But you have no idea. I don't want this world. I I I'm I'm done with this world. What are you going to do? Commit suicide? No, it's not that kind of thing. We're not talking about that. I'm talking about a land that's beyond the river. The land that's just beyond this universe, beyond your How do you know that it exists? Well, something in my heart tells me that it does exist. So, we're groaning, you see, to be in that place. The Bible says we are pilgrims and strangers seeking a city to come. You see, and so therefore, we're not at home. We came from somewhere. The Jesus said, "I came from God and I going back to God." And he was a son of God. We are sons and daughters of God. I came from God and I'm going to go back to God. Amen. See, so this is the reason why the groanings are are taking place. Amen. And this is the re and this is what God's Now now maybe you'll start getting the picture. This is the reason why God is pleased with the groanings because you're groaning to be with him. Not to be satisfied there. And when the when the when the groanings begin to dissolve, he's very troubled. He's very troubled when we come in and just sit in the sit in this in this church and just sit there. He's very disturbed because he wants to hear groaning. He wants to hear pray. I've taught my people I've taught my people at home, it's very important that you participate. For other many people, it is it's just uh uh automatic uh for them, natural for them to respond. and others are very uh uh reserved. But God wants us to to participate and say yes Lord. Don't be afraid. Get your head between you and the Lord. Lord, that's me. That is me, Lord. Open our mouths and say amen. Amen. That's right. See, God is listening. Ah, he likes that. Brother, what makes you say so? Try and find out what happened. Hallelujah. Tell me the Tell me you you tell me if the presence of God doesn't start coming. You find he'll come down just put his arms of love right around you. Oh yeah. That's a sign that appreciates it. Amen. Glory to God. Something something has been lost. You see, there's a deep calling to the deep. Uh something that has been lost. Uh what is it that you're looking for? I don't know. I I I don't know. But you know, Abraham, he was looking for that city. He never did find it until he died and crossed the river. Then he thought, "This is what I've been looking for all along." That's what I've been looking for. Let's go to Isaiah chapter 44. I'm a man that likes to use the Bible very much in going from scripture to scripture to once in a while I will use quotes but I'm not keen on just reading quote after quote after quote after quote after quote I remember that Jesus was talking to his disciples and he said who do men say that I am they gave their well they say you're this they have they have your in their interpretation of the word he said but Who do you say that I am? And Peter didn't say, "Well, let me uh let me first of all, Lord, let me quote you from Isaiah." He said, "No, no, no, no. I didn't ask you that. I didn't ask you that. I already know that. Tell me what you say. I want to know from you." And he didn't want to hear any quotes. He wanted to hear his vision. And when he said, "Thou art the son of the living God." He said, "You've been in communication with the father." And that's what God is expecting out of me. He's not expecting me to come and just give you what somebody else said. He's expecting me to come and give you a vision that I see that is in the gospel. It has to line up with the word. Isaiah 44 21 44 21- 23. And thus sayeth the Lord thy redeemer, and uh he that formed thee from the the womb, I am the Lord that maketh all things, that stretcheth forth the heavens alone, that spreadth uh abroad the earth uh by myself. Uh for excuse me, I I'm reading on 24. I got to go to uh let me get it right here. Uh 4421 23. Sometimes I don't even write the right notes down. It's brother Isaiah was you know your pastor so I guess I can say this a little freely. Sometimes he forgets me I I'm I'm we were talking I'm just as bad sometimes I'll write down the wrong notes and all kinds of things and so I've been working hard recently to try to get it right. Uh verse 21. Remember these uh oh Jacob and Israel, for thou art my servant. I have formed thee. Thou art my servant. Oh Israel, thou shalt not be forgotten of me. I have blotted out as a thick cloud thy transgressions and as a cloud thy sins. Return unto me, for I have redeemed thee. Sing, oh ye heavens, for the Lord hath done it. Shout ye lower parts of the earth. Shout ye lower parts of the earth. Break forth into singing, ye mountains, o forest, and every tree therein. For the Lord hath redeemed Jacob and glorified himself in Israel. Shout, praise the Lord, because he has redeemed us. Amen. He's cleansed us from our sins and our transgressions. He's worthy to be praised. If he never does another thing for me, praise his holy name. I'm no longer in darkness. I am free. I am here to walk with the Lord. Amen. There was a time someone would ask you, "Hey, how about coming to church with me?" I'm not. No, I don't want none of that. But here we are. Just like St. Paul said he was preaching the same gospel that he was uh uh accusing. And here we are sitting here. Something that we thought we would never get involved with. We're here praising the Lord. That's exactly right. Hallelujah. It says here, I have redeemed thee. I have redeemed thee. I have set you free. And he says here, return unto me. I want to focus on that. Return unto me. Come back to me. I believe that's the call of this last day. Church, come back to God. Amen. But I haven't gone anywhere. It's not what we physically do. It's what we spiritually do. Amen. Hallelujah. God is calling us back to him. Amen. Return unto me. You see here, you see how this uh before I go on so I don't get you lost, uh you see how that this begins to tie in. He says, "I have redeemed redeemed you. Uh just praise the name of the Lord. Worship him. Return. Come back to me. If you strayed away, come back." Amen. All you got to do is come back and just come with groanings and repentance and I'll gladly receive you. That's all you got to do. Jeremiah chapter 24. Jeremiah chapter 24 verse 4. Again, the word of the Lord came unto me, saying, Lord, thus thus sayeth the Lord, God of Israel, like these good figs, so I so will I acknowledge them that are carried away captive of Judah, whom I have sent out of this place into the land of the Calaldanss for their good. I sent them out into the land of the Calaldanss for their good. For I will set mine eyes upon them for good, and I will bring them again to this land, and I will build them and not pull them down. And I will plant them and not pluck them up. And I will give them a heart to know me. and I am the Lord. And they shall be my people, and I will be their God, for they shall return unto me with their whole heart. Amen. Amen. Purpose. God, what does God want for me? God wants you to come to him with your whole heart. He doesn't want you to come to religion. If I can say this correctly, I don't know if this being recorded, but if it gets out, whatever. God is not wanting you to come to the messia. He wants you to come to him, the living resurrected Jesus Christ. You know in the Bible so many things uh you know in the Bible Jesus uh was talking to the Pharisees and he told them search the scripture. Search the scripture. Go search him out. Search the message out. Search it out. Go ahead. Search the message out. You got the scripture. You've got the message. And you think you have eternal life. You think you have eternal life. He said, "But they testify of me and who is he?" I want you to ask the question, "Who is he?" Who is he? He's the word. Wait a minute. He said, "You got the word. What he's saying to him? You got the word, but you don't have the word. You got the word. You got the message, but you don't have it. You don't have it. Don't tell me I don't have it. I know what happened in this day. I know the hour. I know what the scripture said. Oh, you do. You haven't got it yet. Yeah, that's the words of Jesus. You tell that to people today, they they just about cut your head off. You see, this is the reason why I say come to the message. There's something I I I maintain this. There's something in this message. It's not coming to the message. It's going into the message and things that could go into the book written on the front side and the back side. There's something on the back on the inside on that back side there. When Moses came down out of the mountain, he had the tablets of stone. Do you know it was written on the back side? Read your Bible. It was written on the back side also. There's so this here, let me tell you friend, this here's the front side, but the back side is in between the lines. Amen. You got to see through here to get to the back. And when you get to the get on the inside and see back there, what you see is Christ. Amen. That's what you see. You see the living, resurrected Christ. Brother Brandham said, if you read your Bible, whether it's the Old Testament, New Testament, you don't see Christ, read it again. If you don't see Christ that time, read it again. You're missing something because it's a revelation of Jesus Christ. Exactly. Glory to God. Hallelujah. So, glory. They shall return. They're going to come back, but when they come back, they'll come back with their whole heart. Let's go to Malachi chapter 3. This is speaking speaking of Israel, but it par parallels It parallels the children of God even in this day. Malachi chapter 3. Now, most people would say, "Oh, he's going to talk about talk about the prophet of this day." No, I'm not going to that right now. Malachi chapter 3 and verses 6 and 7. For I am the Lord, I change not. Therefore, ye sons of Jacob are not consumed. We need to just stop right here and fall on our faces before God. I am the Lord. That's the reason why you are not consumed. I have not consumed you yet. Glory to God. Oh, what a wonderful verse of script. I am the Lord. I change not. Therefore, ye sons of Jacob are not consumed. Amen. Even from the days of your fathers, you are gone away from my from my ordinances, and I have not that and have not kept them. Return unto me, and I will return unto you, sayaeth the Lord of hosts. But ye said, wherein shall we return? What? Return to what? Why? That's what's happening today. It's a restoration. Returning back. A restoration message. Return to what? What? What do we Oh, return to the word. The word. The re word has been restored to us. The word was never changed. It's the same yesterday, today, and forever. We're the ones who left. Amen. Amen. Amen. I am the Lord. I am the Lord. I changed not. Therefore, you were not consumed as of your fathers have done. You've always gone astray from me. Return back to me. This is the closing of the Old Testament. God was so upset with them, he didn't talk to them for 400 years. There wasn't even a move of God. From Malachi, you turn a couple pages and you get to Matthew, there's 400 years in between there. There was not one prophet. There was not one move of God. God just sat back on his throne. Okay, you can just sit there for 400 years. I'm not talking to you. And finally he said, "All right, I'm going to come to you one more time. Just one more time." Hallelujah. And he came to his own and his own received him not. Amen. This time he came down bodily and walked among them. Amen. Amen. Willing to throw his arms around them and they rejected him. Hallelujah. Return unto me. Praise the Lord. I've already lost track of time. I I'm sorry. I'm I'm up here somewhere and I I've lost track of time. Amen. Let's go to the book of Ruth. Ruth chapter 1. This is the last scripture that I have for you, but we're going to spend a little time with this. Luke chapter 1, we'll just read verses 1-9. And it came to pass in the days when the judges ruled that there was a famine in the land. And a certain man of beth Bethlehem Judah went to sojourn in the country of Moab. He and his wife and his two do two sons. And the name of the man was uh uh and the name of his wife uh Naomi. And the name of his two sons Melon and Chilon Ephrathites Beth Bethlehem Judah. And they came into the country of Moab and uh continued there. and uh Almc Naomi's husband died and she was left and her two sons and they took them wives of uh women of Bo the name of the one was Orpa and the other uh name of uh excuse me the name of the other uh Ruth and they dwelt there 10 years they were there 10 years and Melon and Chilon died also both of them and the women was left of her two sons and her husband And she arose and she arose her daughter's-in-law uh that uh that she might return. Then she arose with her daughtersin-law that she might return from the country of Moab. Now get this. Then she arose with her daughters-in-laws that she might return from the country of Moab. For she had heard in the country of Moab, how that the Lord had visited the people in giving them bread. Giving them bread. Wherefore she went forth out of the place where she was, and her two daughters-in-law uh with her, and they went on their way to return unto the land of Judah. And Naomi said unto her two daughters-in-law, "Go, return each to her mother's house. Go return each to her mother's house. The Lord deal kindly with you as ye have dealt with with the dead and with me. The Lord grant you, the Lord grant you that you may find rest each of you in the house of her husband. Then she kissed them and they lifted up their voice and and and wept. We see here, we see here that uh Naomi is in the in the land of Moab. And the reason why that they are there is because uh Naomi and her husband had been living in the land of Israel and a famine had come. And the laws of God is never leave the land. Stay there. If you remember the uh Elijah went to the widow, there was a famine going on. There was no food. But God provided for this widow. Amen. They She didn't have to leave the land. Only thing she did, she believed the prophet's message and God took care of her. Now, that message that he had was strange. Give me your bread and you'll have have plenty. And she she could have said, "Well, how is this going to happen?" She didn't argue. Says, "All right." And as she obeyed uh this strange message, then God had supplied the need. So God has always instructed never leave the land. Stay in the land. Well, Naomi and her husband, they felt like I need to do something. We need to do something. Like the kids are the boys are going to starve. Uh we need to do something. So they made the decision and they left the land of Israel and they uh went to Moab. And so while they are there in Moab, they are there for 10 years. The husband first of all dies and then uh the boys marry as we see and then the two boys die. Now you have to take a look and see that this woman's heart now this woman's heart is broken. She's lost her husband. She's lost her husband and especially she's lost her boys. Even if she didn't like her husband, uh she she lost her two boys. I see that she lost her husband and two boys. She's a very devastated woman. She's feeling very lonely now. And but now you see she had had been in the land of Israel. This is a very important point. She had been in the land of Israel. She has something to relate to, something former, something former that is there laying in her. She had been in the land of Israel. So now the reason why she left her and her husband justified that well we're only thing we're doing is supplying for our family. Many times people who are walking with God they justify themselves. You cannot justify yourself. Not when it comes to God. When God said trust in him, it meant trust in him. Well, we just done this because forget your excuses. Forget it. We got to learn to serve God with all of our hearts. Amen. Well, I didn't go to church because of this. You know, I was tired the other day and this happened and that happened. I remember in the days of brother Brandham when that when the God was moving so strongly in those days, people said, "Put me in an ambulance. Put me on a stretcher. Get me to the church. Let that preacher pray for me. I know I'll be healed." You don't see faith like that today. You don't see faith like that today. Not only that, as it was in the uh uh in the days of the disciples when uh uh Peter was called to uh um uh I'm trying to think of that man's name. He was called to that uh the that house and the Holy Ghost was poured out. Uh where is Cornelius? Thank you, brother. Once in a while I'll I'll open up to let somebody answer. Help me out here. uh Cornelius uh when he was went to Cornelius's house uh they the power of God got God got fell as the word of God they received the Holy Ghost as the word was being preached as brother brother uh when was the last time you seen somebody receive the Holy Ghost as the word was being preached? It been a year since I've seen that happen. Why those people believe the scripture that word becomes so alive to them and bam, God poured out his spirit and filled them with the Holy Ghost. Yes, sir. We have become so carnalminded. We've become so I don't even know the words that to use. I'll make up a word. church aside. Uh we we we become so involved with church and going to church and praise the Lord, we forget what the whole purpose of this whole thing is. The purpose is that God would open the windows of heaven and pour out himself into our lives. Oh, brother, I'm not that kind of person. Then, all right, I'll meet you at the judgment or I'll meet you in the rapture. we, you know, the showdown is coming. I'm not here to say you're right, I'm wrong, or I'm right, you're wrong, or I I whatever it is. I'm not here to do any of that kind of stuff. I know there's a rapture going to take place, and every one of us got to get ready. Amen. Naomi, she was in this land. She She had She had previous experience. She's got something in her that's pulling her back to the land of Israel. The Bible says she had heard a message had come to her that there's bread in the land of Israel. In other words, before the rains had not been falling. It was a famine. The rains had not been falling. The Holy Ghost had not been falling and the land had dried up. So, brother, excuse me. It's time for me to go to another church because uh the the the land has dried up. I'm going to go to another church. Don't leave the land. Amen. Amen. But it's dried up. Don't leave the land. Amen. Hallelujah. Well, brother, I don't like the problems that's going on in the church. I don't like this going on. I don't like that. Don't leave the land. Stay where you're at. You don't get any more of God changing your address. Well, I changed my address. I'm sorry, brother. And I and I believe I'll get more of God. You You're not going to get any more of God because God is everywhere. Amen. He's here. He's there. It's your heart. Amen. Why not just admit it? You're backslid. Hallelujah. I'm talking about cases at home. I'm not talking about here. You're backslid. That's what the real problem is. And they got all these issues that they put their finger on. That's what Naomi and her husband did. They put their finger on. The land is dry. We have to We have to survive. We have to go to the land of Moab. Uh-huh. You look what happened. You lost your husband. you lost lost your two sons. Look here. Amen. Very quickly, uh her husband uh Alimc that means almighty or great king. She's married to almighty great king. Her son Melon melon means sick, worn, weak. Chilon means pining, pining away. get thinning down, pining, destruction, failing. So look at the end results. Lost her husband, lost her two sons. She's married. What a sad case to be married. Now, let me just use it in types. What a sad case to be married to a king and become sick, weakly, pining away, destructive, failing. Ruth or Naomi, what are you doing in this condition? What are you doing in the land of Moab? Well, I love the Lord. You're backslid. You got no business in Moab. Are you happy here? Not anymore. Oh, not anymore. Why? I lost my husband. I lost my children. Sure. Now you're losing everything. Now you're starting to groan again. Now you're groaning. Oh Lord, look at my condition. Look at where I'm at. Look what's happened. Yes. It's because you are backsliding. You left the land. That's what your problem is. And so she made up her mind. She made a decision. No more. Amen. I don't want to live in Moab anymore. Amen. [Music] I think that's what we need to make a decision in this day. I don't want to live in Moab anymore. I have heard that the rains are falling in Israel. The Holy Ghost is falling. And I'm tired of living without a move of God. I don't want to stay here anymore. I want to leave this place. I want to get back where the blessings. I want to get back to that place in my life where the blessings are falling. I want to get back to where I in touch with God. Where I feel that intimacy with him and I know him in that personal way. Amen. It has nothing to do with my daughter-in-laws. It has nothing to do with anyone else. I want to go back to the land of Israel. Amen. Nobody has tried to persuade me. I'm sticking with Naomi. And nobody has persuaded me, but something is in me. Something is in me pulling me. I can't take it anymore. I've lived here too long. I've lived here too long. I don't know if they would want me back there anymore, but I I got to go back. I got to go back to the land of Israel. Hallelujah. She makes up her mind and she starts making preparation. She starts packing her things. Mom, where you going? I'm leaving. Where you going? I'm going back to the land of Israel. And uh she said, "Well, why don't you stay here? Stay here. You know, you've lived here for 10 years now. Why don't you stay here? I I'm not happy here anymore. I cannot live in this place anymore. I'm done. I got to return back." Amen. Hallelujah. This message is to call the children of God back. Amen. Not to go to something, but to call them back to something. Hallelujah. Glory to God. There's something inside. A deep calling says, "I know. When I heard that voice, I know exactly what it meant. Yes, I got to go back." Amen. Hallelujah. She told her daughters, you read it. Amen. She told her daughters, if you can find rest here, stay. If you can, if you can sit there in your seat here in this meeting today and just sit here in your seat and just be there and just ignore everything else going, sit there. If you can find rest, have at it. But I cannot rest here anymore. Hallelujah. I can't rest here. Hallelujah. I got to go. I got to leave this place. Amen. Amen. Go on back to your families. If you can find rest, that's fine. Or was there crying? She's crying. Mama, I love you. That's fine. That's fine. Go on back. So, she goes on back. And so, she starts to take off and here comes Ruth right along with her. Look, I told you. Go on back to your family. Go on back. She' I'm not going back. She went along a little more. Look, you're still coming along. I told you to go back to your family. I'm not going. I seen something in you. Hallelujah. There's something there. And what you got, I want. I want that. You see, they this this is the Jews and the Gentiles. Amen. Naomi, the Jews. Amen. Ruth the Gentile. And they're traveling together. Catch this. This is deep. Amen. It might seem simple, but it is deep. They're traveling together at the same time. On the same journey. Amen. Same same journey at the same time. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother, what does that mean? Cuz the Jews are in Israel. They went back to Israel. What do you think the elect, the children of God are doing today? They've gone into the land that they belong in. Amen. At the same time. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Here they are traveling together. Amen. Hallelujah. So Ruth Naomi comes back in the land. When she comes back into the land, she gets back into those meetings. Oh. Oh. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. I've been gone away from this so long. I'm so happy to be back in the land. Uhhuh. Uh-huh. That time of being out there so cold and out there in the world. Now you appreciate appreciate being back here, don't you? Oh, I appreciate being back here. Beware, the devil take you right back out again. Get yourself anchored in Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. You're fighting demon powers. Amen. The next issue would come along, you're going to try to reason it out and go right back out again. Hallelujah. But then Naomi or Ruth when she came in. Hallelujah. She came in into the land. There she is gleaning in the field. Boy, I said you just stay here in this field. And she says, "All right, thank you. Stay in this field. Don't leave. Stay in this field." He was watching her. He says, "Who is this woman?" And they said, "Don't you know this is the Moabitete woman? She gave up everything. She left her family. She left her land. She left her friends. She left the church back home. Whatever she was in, whether it was a whatever organization it was in, she left all of that back home. And she came here to be among us. She did. He kept watching her. Hallelujah. Because she gave up everything. She gave up everything. And that one became his wife. That one became his wife. Why? Because she learned as she was on this journey and she came into this land, she realized that this land is a special land. This land is an anointed land. This land is a chosen land. And she was glad to sit there in that land. She was glad to sit there in that field and be gleaning in that field. Hallelujah. Don't go into another field. Stay right here and just keep gleaning in this field. Because when you're going along and you're gleaning, you don't always find something to eat. Well, I looked and look. I didn't find anything really that that I could relate to. That's all right. Just keep looking cuz you're going to find something. Hallelujah. It's going to hit. But Ruth or Naomi, excuse me, Naomi could not stay in the land of Moab anymore. She could not stay there. She had to return. And the reason why she had to return because there was a spiritual call. There was a voice, "Come back. Come back." And she heard that call. And she left the land of Mo. friend, that's why many of us are here today. But if you yourself, others that are sitting here today, if you don't know what's going on in your life, let me tell you, your purpose is that God has called you from the world. He's called you from the churches out there. He's called you into a land, a land of promise, a a a land full of promise. Amen. That is for you, friend. Amen. God has so anointed you. Amen. Open your eyes. One of the saddest cases is Judas. He walks up to Jesus, kisses him on the cheek. He is that close to him and turns around and walks away from him. people that come so close to Christ and don't even know that he's here. He's right here in the building right now. It has nothing to do with me. Do you know where he will be at? He'll be where his word is at. Amen. If I have spoken the word today, it brings the presence of God. Do you believe he's here? Amen. really believe that the king of glory, almighty God, believe he's here right now. Then you should stand your feet right now. Stand your feet right now and bow your heads to the Lord Jesus. Amen. He is here right now. And as you are praying, I want you to take a good look at your life. Lord, I do not I do not want to stay in the land of Moab. I don't want to stay in the Lord. Am I in the land of Moab? Have I been there in the land of Moab? Lord, I'm sorry. I've looked at my life. I'm a pastor. I've looked at my life and when the Lord be to put this message upon my heart, I fell on my knees and I said, "Lord, I'm sorry. I don't want to be in the land of Moab. I don't want to stay here, Lord. I want to go back to where I was at at one time. Lord, I know that there's more for me than what I've got right now. There's more for me. There's more for you, my friend, than what you got right now. God can give you more. But the question is, do you want more for your life? Lord, I cannot give it to you, Jehovah God. You admitted, you testified that Jehovah God is here right now. And therefore, he is willing to pour out his spirit. He's willing to fill your heart and to give you more than what you got. But you have to want to go back. Hallelujah. You have to want that in Christ Jesus. Amen. Naomi made that decision. She said, "No more. I don't want Moab. I don't want this life of Moab. I want the life of the land of Israel. I want Jesus Christ." Hallelujah. We're going to pray right now. We're going to pray right now, my friend. Hallelujah. Almighty God is here walking through the building, my friend. Hallelujah. He's willing. He's able to pour out his spirit. He's willing to fill you with the Holy Ghost. He's willing to change your life. Hallelujah. Amen. But do you want that change? Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. The woman with the w the blood issue, she was determined. I want a change. I want a change in my life. And she pushed through the crowd to touch the hymn of his garment. Barnameus said, "Thou son of David, have mercy upon me. I want a change in my life." Hallelujah. God can change it today. Hallelujah. as we pray. Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord God, we have admitted, I testify today that you are here in this building right now, Lord, moving from the back of the building even to the front of the building. Uh heavenly father, you're here. Glory to God. You're here, Lord. Speak into our hearts, Jesus. You're speaking to our hearts. And God, may your will be done in each and every heart. Lord God, I pray that you will open the windows of heaven and fill us with the Holy Ghost even right now today, this very hour, Lord. Uh, they were in the upper room, Lord, and they were seeking thy face and a sound of a rushing mighty wind came to fill their hearts to overflow. You're more than able to do that today, Lord. But God, that today the curse of Leodysia is rich, increased with goods, and have need of nothing. Lord, there they are today sitting there content, Lord, and having no need. God, be merciful to us, Lord. God, be merciful to us, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The church needs to wake up. We need to wake up, Lord. God, to the hour that we are living in. Praise your wonderful name, God. We bow before you. We fall prostrate before you, Lord. God, forgive us of our failures. Forgive us of our sins. Forgive us of our carnality. Forgive us Lord God of our slothfulness. Forgive us Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. May the word of God prevail in our lives. Amen. May your will be done. In thy name, Lord God. In thy name, Lord. In thy name. In thy name, Lord Jesus. In thy name, Lord God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Don't turn loose of it, friend. Reach up there and get a hold of it right now. Amen. Get a hold of it. Amen. Just go. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Praise his wonderful name. Praise his wonderful name. Hallelujah. Praise his wonderful name. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory to God. Lord, we make a decision today, Lord. Hallelujah. We don't want the land of uh Moab anymore. We want the land of Israel. Lord, we come to you today in the name of Jesus Christ. Fill the heart to overflowing, Lord. God, we pour out our heart to you, Lord. We praise your name, Lord. Hallelujah. Praise your wonderful name. Praise your wonderful name, Lord. Amen. Amen. In the name of Jesus, Lord. Amen. In the name of Jesus. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Lord, cast out, Lord, all the darkness. Cast out all the unbelief, Lord. May thy will be done, Lord Jesus. We want you today, Lord. Hallelujah. No more, Lord God. We want you, Lord Jesus. We want you, Lord God. It is mine, mine. Blessed be his name. It is mine, Lord God. My brother comes to you today, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. He comes Lord as I would Lord falling on our knees before you Lord Jesus. Oh Lord God where can I go seeking a refuge for my soul needing a friend to help me in the end? Where can I go in the name of Jesus? Amen. May you come fill my brother Lord with such a glory and such a power such the such of the Holy Spirit Lord that he'll be anchored Lord as your word has said. Hallelujah. My church will be built upon a rock and the gates of hell cannot prevail against them. In the name of Jesus Christ, Lord, in the name of Jesus, we pray, thy will be done. We glorify you, Lord. We glorify you, Lord. We glorify you, Lord Jesus. In your precious name. In your precious name. In your precious name, Lord. Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory in the name of Jesus. Thank you in the name of Jesus. Thank you, Lord. God, we've come into this land, Lord God. We rejoice you for over you, Lord, in this land. Uh we praise your wonderful name. Uh Lord, you brought us out of the darkness and you brought us to you, Lord. Yes. In your name, Lord God. May you fill my sister. May you guide her footsteps, Lord. May you give her strength for the day she lives in. May the power of the resurrection flood her heart. Lord may your will be done in Jesus name we pray. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Lord God. Hallelujah. Lord, I fall so short of thee. Uh Lord, I am nothing in thy sight. Lord, we are nothing. Lord, we fall before you in the name of Jesus. We praise you, Lord. We praise you, Lord Jesus. We praise you, Lord God. Hallelujah. May you just come again, Lord. Uh, hallelujah. May you fill my brother. Fill him to overflowing, Lord Jesus. We've been in that land too long. I've been in that land too long. Lord, it's time for us to get up and move. It's time for us to do something, Lord. It's time for us to run to you, Lord, in the name of Jesus. Uh, in the name of Jesus. Uh, hallelujah. Fill him with the Holy Ghost. Uh, fill him with your heart, Lord. Uh, Lord. Hallelujah. refresh his soul, Lord, to the bottom of a being. May he rise up today and know that he'd been in touch with God. Not in touch with a man, but in touch with God himself. He stood before Almighty God in the name of Jesus. I thank you, Father God. Thank you for your righteousness. Thank you for your glory. Glory, glory, glory, glory in your name, Jesus. In your name, Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory to the name of the Lord. We come to you, Father God, and we know that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. That all things are possible, Lord Jesus, when it comes to you, and you are standing here today, our King, our Savior, our Lord, our husband, our redeemer, our comforter, our breath, our life. Lord, you're standing here right now. And in Jesus' name, I pray that you'll fill our sister's heart. Lord Jesus, she comes to you with her petitions. She comes to you with her desires. Uh Lord, may there be such a glory that'll fill her heart, Lord God, that from today on Lord, she'll say, "My redeemer lives." I know he lives. Hallelujah. Because he lives in my heart. In Jesus wonderful name. Fill her. Have your way, Lord God. Have your way, Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus. Lord God, we want more of you. We want more of you than what we've got. We want more of you, Jesus, in your name, Lord. In your name, Jesus. In your name, Lord. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory to God. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory Jesus. Praise be to the name of the Lord. Praise be to the name of the Lord Jesus. Praise be to the name of the Lord Jesus. Uh, Amen. Don't let go, brother. Don't let go. It's not over with yet. Amen. You don't get what you need in five minutes time. It don't work that way. Amen. You got to let God know, I'm serious about this. Uh I'm serious about this. Lord, I don't want to stay in this land anymore. I want to be in the land of Israel. I don't want to stay here anymore. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. It's not a five minute prayer. Hallelujah. Oh, blessings and honor and glory to the lamb of God. Amen. Not by might nor by power, but by my spirit, sayeth the Lord. Hallelujah. That's true. [Music] [Music] May your will be done. [Music] Holy, holy, holy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. Glory. Glory. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] continue apply. [Music] In the lovely name of Jesus, we praise the name of the Lord. We glorify the name of the Lord. Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Praise his holy name. Praise his holy name. Praise his holy name. Praise his holy name. Glory. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory. Glory. Glory. Jesus. We praise you today Lord. Uh we magnify your name. We magnify you Lord Jesus. Uh these souls here Lord. Amen. As they come to the altar, they are everywhere. They kneel before you Lord Jesus. Have your way Lord. Have your way. Quicken us Lord to everlasting life. Quicken us to your word Lord. Quicken us Lord. Amen. That we might be able to see clearly. Quicken us Lord that we might be able to walk Lord as we should walk. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Don't be satisfied, friends. Uh don't be satisfied. Grown within yourselves. Uh I need Jesus. I need Jesus. I need Jesus. I need Jesus. I need Jesus. Praise the name of the Lord. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise his holy name. Praise his holy name. Amen. Praise his holy name. Praise his holy name. Praise the name of the Lord Jesus. Praise the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the name of Jesus. Praise the name of Jesus. Praise the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Many time people will get come to the end of the service and they'll be worshiping the Lord and have one hand on their car keys or one hand on their clock. My friend, leave that thing alone. We're in the presence of Jesus Christ. We're in the presence of Almighty God. Amen. Amen. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Amen. I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slave. Give him glory all you people for his blood can wash away right from your heart. Oh I will praise him. I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain. Oh, glory. I will praise you, Lord. Give him glory. Give him glory. Oh, ye people. Amen. for his blood can wash. We're going to sing it once again. I will praise him. I will praise him. I will praise him. Pray the lamb for sinners sleep. Him glory. All ye people for his blood can wash away each stain. Glory Jesus. Uh, praise his holy name. Praise his holy name. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Just lift your hand to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Just love him. Just love him and worship him. Let's sing it again. It means praise be to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelu. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Pass me not, oh gentle Savior, hear my humb while on others. Thou art smileing. Do not pass me by. Savior, [Music] Savior, here my humble crowd. While on others thou art calling, do not ask me by I want you just listen to this verse now. Let me at the throne of mer. Just listen me. Find a sweet relief [Music] kning there in deep country. Oh help my un be all together. Saveior, [Music] Savior, [Music] here my humble cry. [Music] While on others thou art calling do not pass me by trusting only in thy merit [Music] would I see thy face heal my wounded broke can spirit and save me by thy all together now. Oh Savior, Savior, hear my humble cry, while on others thou art calling. not pass me by. Now, right where you're at, I'm going to ask you first. I'll ask brother uh brother if you will come to the I'm drawing a blank. Brother, if you come to Brother Brooks, you just come to the platform. But right where you're at, brother and sister, you close your eyes for a moment. Just want as your eyes are closed, your soul here, we're going to have a word of prayer. And is there a soul here, we just like to say before I turn it over to the pastor and say, "Lord God, I truly I don't want to live in the land of Moab, but I want to be in that place where you want me to be. I want to be in that place where God, you can just fill me with your righteousness and do to my life whatever you would want me to do. You like to just lift your hand to God. Let us pray. Dear gracious heavenly father, I just feel the pull to do this right at this moment because Lord, our attitude makes a difference. And right now, Lord God, right now you see our hand, you see our heart. And God, we don't want to stay in this place. Lord, I know that journey took a little time to go from Moab to Israel. It might take us a little time, but God, we're not going to we're not going to entertain the thought that we're not going to arrive. Lord, we're on the journey. We're going back. Lord, I'm not staying here no more, Lord. I want to go back. I want to be back in that land, Lord. God, look upon that heart now, Lord Jesus, and may your will be done in their life. As their hands are lifted, Lord, as a testimony of their heart to you, Lord Jesus, may you look upon them now in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Brother Brooks, you glory to God. Glory, glory, glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. [Music]
