################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2014-03-17 - I'm Not A Conqueror - 2014 02 09m - Pastor Isiah Brooks - Isiah Brooks.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2014-03-17
Title:   I'm Not A Conqueror - 2014 02 09m - Pastor Isiah Brooks
Speaker: Isiah Brooks
Church:  Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9T0GGixiGo
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
I'm Not A Conqueror
Pastor Isiah Brooks
Recorded - 2014 02 09m
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Remember I preached a message not long ago on power of thought or the power in thought. And so by the grace of God, we just want to uh work with the thought this morning. And I trust that you will never forget this subject. I'm not conquer. I want you to think about that. I'm not a conqueror. I know what some of y'all are thinking, but that's why I entitled it, I'm not a conqueror. First John 5 and four. Whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world. And this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith. First John 5:5, "Who is he that overcomemeth the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the son of God?" 1 John 4:4. Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them, because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. Let us pray. Heavenly Father God, we come before you, Lord, as humbly as we know how. We thank you for being so real to us. We thank you for allowing us, oh God, to see another day. Without you, Lord Jesus, we are nothing. And so therefore, Father God, we surrender all here this morning. We give you the praise. We give you the glory. We give you the honor, oh God, in your name, Jesus. We thank you. Amen. And amen. You may be seated. First of all, I'd like to say, you know, basically what is a conqueror? A conqueror is a victor. Uh to conquer or to get or gain by force, to win by fighting. And often time we go throughout the day perhaps believing that we are conquerors. But you cannot be a conqueror without the conqueror on the inside. Listen, the Bible tells us that the only reason why we are victorious is because the victor is on the inside. If the victory is not on the inside, you are not victorious. This is not a mind over matter battle. This is not something that you feel that you can do. This is not something that you can hope to do. Uh because without Christ, it's impossible. Jesus Christ is the only one. Amen. Who conquered it all. Death, hell, and the grave. And so we realize, amen, that we may see ourselves as conquerors, but the only reason why we are is because of his faith, not yours. Your faith couldn't even heal a toothache. But when his faith is in you, all things become possible. Now we look at this thing and you and I must be careful in this day. Uh because God has called us to a time when gold is to be tried in the fire. But you see there is a fool's goal. Something that looks really good. It shines perhaps better than true gold, but it's not the real thing. Amen. Amen. Now, according to the message, he that is in us, in you, the man goes on and say, he's just talking. He says, I climbed down in a mine the other day, way in the top of the mountains on the Arizona, Mexico line. Brother Saltman and I uh sitting there was up there together and I got in there and dug out a bunch of what it looked just exactly like gold. But the only way you could tell it isn't gold. It shines better than gold. It shines and gold does not shine. It glows. What is called is fool's gold. It's not even worth as much as the rock that is in is called iron pyite. You see, I think the scientists claim that the waters and the leaking ashes and things never got there quite enough to harden it and bring it into a place to make it gold. In other words, a man fool's gold had all the potentials of being gold, but it wouldn't go through the full process for whatever reason. It didn't go through the whole process that gold must go through in order for it to be gold. Hallelujah. It shines better, but it don't have the chemical in it. Amen. See, it doesn't have the chemical in it. Amen. It looks good. It looks like a Christian, but it doesn't have that chemical in it. Amen. And that chemical must be God. Right? And that's just the way a lot of Makebelie Christians is. See, it shines and it likes Hollywood, but the church glows with the gospel. Is that all right? Now, you and I must know that we have to go through tests and trials. Is that all right? And the worst thing that we can go through is anything that's going to deal with us flesh. Is that all right? Thank you, brother. Tests and trials are what we are built for. It is a thing that brings us into a place where the chemical can be added. Is that right? You see, I thought when I was first born of God and you know, I thought, praise God, it was all over. But I didn't know that I had to grow and mature. I didn't know that fiery trials, even though the Bible says, "Think it not strange when fiery trials come upon you." Why? What? Why is it coming? It is coming to these trials come to test you, to try you and to make sure you you you you are real. Go. And they say, "Think it not strange. Oh my God, what is happening to me?" Now the world the world consists of lust of the flesh, lust of the eye, the pride of life. But I want to take it to a another level. The world consists of everything basically that God [Music] created in this so-called cosmos. I mean in other words, amen. The world consists of of of all the uh uh elements, the wind, the rain, uh uh snow, whatever. uh you think about it the sun it it all consists of that uh and you I better uh you'll explain it in just a moment you see because without these heavenly elements I mean actually the world in itself uh could not operate the way it is or the way it does so it consists of all these things and I'll prove that in just a moment now we look at this thing and but the worst part of this whole thing is you brother said you are your greatest enemy. This not might not be a hallelujah shouting message but I pray that God would give you the understanding of what I'm trying to say to you this morning. Without God you'll never be a conqueror. Hallelujah. See, because we are looking at a time, amen, that we are we are are are are fighting fa we we haven't even overcome the flesh enough to work with all the other elements. Hallelujah. See, you know, once conquering self, you become as God. And this is why Paul writes, not that we're a conqueror. We're more than a conqueror. See, I'm not just a conqueror. I'm not just barely making it. I'm not just getting alone. Amen. But it's like a a a a compare a a airplane to a to a to a a a spaceship. There's no comparison. That's like putting a horse, you know, in a race with an automobile. It can't win that horse. Even though the automobile has horsepower, but it's got more horsepower than the horse. See? So you you you you look at this area that we're living in and and you see that the Christian are truly underprivileged Christians. That's what UPC stands for or children, however you want to put it. Amen. So don't belong to that organization. So you and I must realize by the grace of God that there's something that God is trying to get us to see. Now, Brother Brandon talks about the token, and I'm I'm almost jumping here, but you and I must realize without it, you're a failure. And the prophet of God goes on to say that you and I were born failures to begin with. But that's not the purpose for which we were born. We were not born to be failures. We were not born to be losers. We were not born to be quitters. We were born to be conquerors. More than conquerors. First of all, I'm working with self now, flesh to man. For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh and the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life is not of the father, but of the world. 1 John 2:15, love not the world, neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the father is not in him. Back it up. All that is in the world, it starts off with what? The lust of the flesh. That doesn't mean, amen, that this lust has to be something sensual. But it could be anything that you allow your spirit or your soul man to cater to the flesh. This man rules you when this man's supposed to be dead. Love not the world. See, because in reality, Adam never had problems with his flesh till after he fell. The world wasn't a problem. Adam controlled the world, but after the fall, the world controlled Adam. Oh, come on, somebody. Can we not see where God is trying to take us beyond the flesh into a perfect man? Now, the ultimate goal of a Christian ought to be that the soul prosper, not the flesh. Amen. Oh, I've got to be in this and I've got to be this and I've got to be that and I've got to have this. That ain't it. The sole purpose is that your soul prosper. Now, I say this by the grace of God that you might understand what it means. Add to your faith virtue. That That's your soul prospering. Amen. Amen. Knowledge, temperance. And that's what Peter said, right? Amen. This is your soul prospering. Amen. Right. And he said, "As your soul prosper, I pray that you prosper as well." See, God don't forget about you, but he's what he's doing, he's trying to get us to put things in priority. Amen. Put the spiritual things first. Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all these things will be added. Amen. Soul prospering. Amen. Add to me temperance, Lord. Amen. Add to me these virtues, Lord. You see, can you add them? Only God can do this. So, looking, let's move on. Because I want you to understand prosper in such a way that God have supreme authority within you. You don't even have a say so but that God would have supreme authority. You'll never be able to conquer the world until you allow the Holy Spirit to conquer you. Amen. Huh? You'll never be able to conquer the world until God conquers you. And you must allow him to conquer you. You say, "Well, what do you mean?" It must be a willing sacrifice. God ain't going to beg you. He ain't going to beat you. It must be your will. Amen. Surrendered to his will. Is that the scripture? Amen. Jesus could have ran from the garden, right? But he said, "Lord, not my will." See, thy will be done. Now, I'm telling you is in your mind. The only reason why we're not more than a conqueror right now is because we have been hindered by the thoughts that are in our minds. Bible says, "Stand fast, therefore in the liberty wherewith God hath made us free and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage." Huh? That means it's possible that a Christian can be entangled with the yoke of bondage. Oh, come on, somebody. It's the truth. You can allow the world to conquer you, but that's not God's will. Now, this perfect will, God's perfect will is that we be successful in this thing. Come on, somebody. Hallelujah. If you're successful with God, he'll give you anything you desire. That's the word. The Bible says, Amen. that he'll give you the desires of your heart. Amen. Oh, come on, somebody. Now, the one thing that God do not like is lazy Christians. Yeah. I figure I'll throw this one in on you because we have to fight the spirit of laziness. All of us. Hello. All this is Leo. All we have to all fight lazy spirits. Listen what brother says. Amen to Billy Paul. He said at the end of our days as he raised from the dead so will we also who are in him. I can't get my boy up at mornings. He looked like he just got his day and night turned around. I said, "Billip, you'll never be no account laying there like that. Get up. If you do not more than go out and wash your teeth and go out in the yard, look at your car, and come back and sat down and read. Don't lay in the bed. No good laziness." Amen. God have mercy on the lazyarted Christians become no good. Know so much about it and tell so little to other people about it. Amen. Know so much about it and tell so little to other people about it. That's a lazy Christian. He said, "Daddy, I just can't get up early." I said, "Look, Billy, one of these days, you ain't going to have no daddy to take care of you. Daddy's going to be gone one of these mornings. You come in the room and look, perhaps, and daddy will be laying there, and you'll shake him, but he won't wake." I said, "Then they'll haul me down this little old church in the box. You'll pass by and your handkerchief in your hand, crying, looking." Amen. God have mercy. Come on, somebody. You can't depend on mom and daddy now. Amen. Uh-uh. No, it ain't going to work. Mm- looking down saying, "That's my old daddy. I wish I had listened to him." I said, "But remember, this is the punch. This is the punch." He said, "But remember, Billy, I've always been a early riser." Hallelujah. Blessed trumpet sounds. I will come forth in the first resurrection. I believe in rising early. Hallelujah. Some glorious day by the grace of God. I believe this gospel that I preach. I believe is honest true. Now what is he saying? He's basically saying that the resurrection that happened in the early morning. What happens if you're being lazy? He gets and he says Elijah's robe don't have an uncertain sound. Is that all right? That's in the message uncertain sound. Now, Revelations 3:21, let us turn there. I hope you don't mind me taking my time this morning. I really want to make it clear to you this morning by the grace of God. Amen. That the only way you'll be more than a conqueror, you've got to have the conqueror on the inside. Amen. It ain't you. It ain't me. It's the conqueror. And the point is, I was thinking about this. I said, Lord, how often time we get down on our knees and don't pray through or pray up. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Listen, he said, brother said, listen, when you got to pray until something changed and you'll know the change, huh? What you how virtues and knowledge and tempers and longsuffering, all these things, how are they going to be in you when each one of these things are victories? God just don't drop them in your lap. You've got to fight for it. Traumatized. Trauma. Trauma. Ask a baby if he could talk when he first born what he felt like when he was coming through that ch uh channel. Huh? Ask a baby when his head is squeezed out of shape. Huh? He doesn't give up. He keep pushing. And that's how a true believer is. We're pressing into another realm. We're pressing into another world. And you got to keep pushing. I don't care if it feels like you're about to go crazy. It feels like the pressure is everywhere. But you got to keep pushing. That's it. Amen. You know you can't stay here. Amen. That baby know you can't stay in that womb. You know you can't stay here. What are you going to do? You got to become more than a conqueror. We can't just be going on like we barely making it. Oh God, I I don't know and this and that. That's the tune Satan want you to sing and that's the music he's been playing. Hallelujah. But God is saying, "Wake up." Hallelujah. Dust yourself from the dust, Zion. Amen. This is a new day. You know what do I think about this? God have confidence in all of us. That's why he chose us. He don't care about your failures. He want to see victories. Right, Samson? Amen. Come on, somebody. Samson was a failure after one thing, after what? The lust of the flesh got him. Beautiful women. Whatever your problem is. But it was at the end that Samson realized his purpose. We're at the end of this thing. Somehow we must realize what our purpose is. Our purpose is to declare that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. and that he's living in you and you and you and you and you and me. The world must see this. Him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne even as I also overcame. Oh, come on. Come on. Come on. Amen. You say overcome. Like I said, self is your biggest enemy. You you you the overcomer. You overcome. Amen. By the grace of God. It goes on and says Revelation 21:7, "He that overcometh shall inherit all things, and I will be his God, and he shall be my son." Now, what do you mean? I'm saying overcome the world, you inherit all things. The moon, the sun, the stars. Amen. All things. Hallelujah. Whatever constellation that's out there is yours. Amen. Is that right? And you've heard me say this before. Brother Bam said, "You can live so close to God, he'll take you places." Hallelujah. If there are other places that he can take me, I want to go. Amen. Oh, no, no, no. I'm more than a conqueror. Romans says 8:37, they in all things we are more than conquerors. How? Through him. Through him that's trying us. No sir. Through him that loved us is already fixed. He's already loved us. He'll never change his mind about loving us. Hallelujah. But we must come to that place where we can say like St. John 10:30, I and my father are one. Come on, somebody. You say, "Well, what do you mean that Holy Ghost living on the inside of you?" Amen. And you know it, right? You're dead to yourself. That's the only way he's coming. You're dead to yourself. And he comes to occupy you. St. John 17:22. I hope y'all don't mind this. And the glory which thou gavest me, I have given them, that they may be one, even as we are one. See, that's what makes you more than a conqueror. Oh, come on, somebody. Amen. I love this this morning. He said, "As it is written, you going to suffer." Amen. Hallelujah. There's no way out of it. Oh, God. You thought you was invited to a picnic or something. This is a war. Amen. Right now you are engaging in a war between Mount Zion and the world as it is written for thy sake we are killed all the day long we are counted as sheep for the slaughter nay in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that love us it may look like I'm a failure at times but I'm more than a conqueror hallelujah I I get sick in my body, but I'm still more than a conqueror. Why? Because greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh yes, I'm persuaded. I'm persuaded. You know what it means? I'm convinced. There's no doubt in me. Amen. I'm convinced. Amen. Amen. Neither death nor life nor angels nor principalities nor powers nor things presence nor things to come. Come on somebody look at Sam. He was betrayed by delight but it worked in his favor. Hallelujah. When the devil comes and he puts you in a trap, God will always work it in your favor. Amen. Amen. Always that same trap led him to his purpose. And sometimes you think the devil is getting the best of you and you fail to see is moving you into your purpose. Hallelujah. He's moving you into your purpose. God ain't stupid. He knows what he's doing. Hallelujah. But you got to trust him with all your heart. Hallelujah. Lean not to your own understanding. You must trust him with all your heart. Hallelujah. Ain't God good? Oh, think about a people. Amen. Nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord. What? Nothing. Paul says nothing. Nothing this world can present. You say, "Well, what do you mean, brothers?" I'm going to tell you something. When those Old Testament saints was lo when they died, they didn't go straight to heaven. They went to paradise. Come on, somebody. They didn't have the real sacrifice. But God loved them. Hallelujah. God loved them. And when the true sacrifice came, what did God do? I must go by paradise. I must swing by there and lock the doors and take them up higher. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. And you got the real thing. You got the real thing. What are you talking about? You look at this thing, you say, "Well, brother, listen. When you more than a conqueror, you a conqueror, you're sitting in heavenly places." Amen. Oh, I got to break it down now. Let me say it like this. God is obvious to those who can see. Huh? Come on, somebody. God has always been in your life and you didn't know it. Come on, somebody. He created you. He was the one that took that those germs and that egg and put it together. He's the one that called you by name. Come on, somebody. You didn't know him, but the Bible said he formed, he fashioned you. Even when you was in your mother's womb, you still didn't know him, but he loved you anyhow. Hallelujah. Even in the times when you were going through trials and tests, out there as a sinner, bullets flying over your head, he still loved you. He was in your life and you didn't even know it. Amen. Amen. See, I know what I'm talking about. Thank you, Lord. I've had to run from bullets. However I escape, God knows. Amen. But God, let me put it this way. Amen. He was loving me even when I didn't even know it. And now that I know him, hallelujah. Oh my God. See, he's obvious. He said, "Even nature declare of me." You don't have to look far. He said, "If you want to know me," he said, "I'm neither even in your mouth." Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. I was thinking about this the other day and I says, "Lord, it's amazing." You know, and I I think I might have voice it here somewhere. I talked about my children and my grandchildren and all of that. And I got so excited. Amen. Something made me feel like something eternal. And I thought, "That's it." I said, "I can never die as long as they're living." There's always a part of me living. Hallelujah. A lot. That's how it is with God. He's eternal. Amen. And you he you'll never die. Amen. Cuz a part of him is in you. Woo. Come on, somebody. You had representation and didn't even know it. You should have been dead long time ago. And your representation was the thing that kept you. Amen. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. It's nothing but the truth. The Bible tells us, Amen. The world is not even worthy of us. Yes. And the devil saying, "You ain't worthy of the world." Hallelujah. I might be poor. I might be destitute. And at the end of the road, I might have to live in somebody's cave. Hallelujah. But still, I'm more than a conqueror. Hallelujah. Why? Because when you conquer this world, you've conquered everything Satan designed. Amen. Amen. Everything. Everything. Is that all right? The world is not worthy. They wandered in deserts and mountains and dens and caves. You know, they probably say those old pitiful little Christians, you know, they ain't got much. And look at them. They look so bad and horrible. I wonder what they said about uh uh uh Lazarus when he was laying at the rich man table. They probably looked at him and wagged their heads at him and felt so sorry for. Hallelujah. But what they didn't realize, Amen. Amen. That Lazarus was laying there, but he was more than a conqueror. It looked like Satan was getting the best. It looked like death got the best of him. But when he died, the Bible said he was in the bosom of Abraham. Hallelujah. It doesn't matter. Amen. How it looks what you're in this world. Look at Brother Brandon died in a car accident. looked like, amen, he was finished. All kinds of lies went after him and said basically, amen, God punished him. Hallelujah. But what they didn't understand, the Elijah had to decrease. Hallelujah. So Jesus Christ couldn't increase. He saw it death before it ever came. [Music] Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. But what was it? He had surrendered his life. You you say, "Well, brother B, let me tell you how simple the test is." Brother Brandham talks about how that he and his brothers were up in the mountains and they were up there hunting and things like that and a big snowstorm was coming. A big snowstorm was coming. Y'all remember that? Amen. And brother Brandham talks about it. He said, you know, for years he said, I prayed there were burden on his life and he didn't know what the burden was. He said, but there was times that some of his brethren would ask him, "Go kill me this. I want a moose. I want a this. I want a that and I want." And he said he'd go out there hunting and he'll bring them things back. But he start feeling bad about it and he promised God he'll never do it again. He said he searched himself. Lord, have I offended someone? I thought, Lord, how often do we do that? Have I offended anyone? Did anyone did I say the wrong thing? Did I act the wrong thing? Lord, show me what I make it right. That's the point. I'll make it right. Oh my god. He said all of a sudden the storm they heard on the radio this week's blizzard was coming and he encouraged the brothers to leave and stuff like that. But anyway, y'all know the story, those of us who listen to the message. Amen. We find out by the grace of God, he comes and all of a sudden the storm the the the the slee and everything is falling and it's and and everything. He had a little wimpy sandwich that had gotten wet by the rain and all of that. He thought he'd eat that. Then he heard a voice say turn around. Now it didn't mean run from the storm. It mean meant turn. That's that. In other words, brother Brandham, in this age, the bride will not run from the storm. She's got to turn into the storm. Amen. Come on. She walks into the storm even though she realize it will cost her her life. Maybe. He said, "Lord, I might die. This might be my end, but nevertheless, I'm going to do what you say do." Amen. Come on, somebody. Oh my my my listen. He goes on now and he talks about how the Lord spoke to him and told him to speak to the storm. He began to speak to the storm. The storm disappeared. Now you think this is glorious. This is glorious. But this is the this is the big part. If you read that story, you think, "Wow, he spoke to the storm. The storm disappeared. He He had proof that it was coming. People saw that it started. It stopped. What a mighty God." Brother Adam goes on to tell you, he said, "I didn't do that." He said, "But it was the God in me." You hear what I'm saying? It wasn't human flesh that spoke to the storm. But let me read this. I done took you to where I want you to want to take you. And he goes on and talks about those things now. And he goes on, he says, "And I sat down there and I just put my coat on like this or my shirt over the scope again, sat down and I thought, what am I doing here? Why would I come back up here?" And I just waited a few minutes. And I started to get up again and I just as plain as I ever wanted to hear a voice say, "I am the creator of heaven and earth. I make the wind and the rain." Come on. Amen. Am I the only one that's that's shooting past Mars right now? Listen what he says. He said, "I am." And you got to understand, he's saying, "But I'm in you. I created all of this." You got See, your mind is blocking you. You can't just stop with the bird brain. You can't comprehend this with your head. It must be comprehended by your heart. Faith must enter into you right now in order for you to understand what he's saying. Listen, he goes on to say, listen, I I'm I'm I'm probably too excited. I am the creator of heaven and earth. I made the wind and the rain. I took off my head and I said, "Great Jehovah, is that you?" He said, "I was the one who made the wind to cease upon the sea. I was the one who made the waves to go down. I created heaven and earth. Was not I not the one that told you to speak to those uh uh those uh for the squirrels and they came into existence? I am God. Now when I that when a voice speak to you, watch the scriptures. If it's not scripture, you leave it alone. I don't care how plain it is. You stay away from it. I said, "Yes, Lord." what he said. Speak to those winds and that storm and it'll give a go away. Now this Bible lay before me which my life in that I raised up and I said I do not doubt your voice Lord. I said clouds, snow, rain, sleep, I resent your coming in the name of Jesus Christ. Go to your places. I say that the sun must come out immediately and shine for 4 days till I'm hunting trip is over and I leave with my brethren. Now listen what he stopped the storm so that he could complete his hunting trip. God didn't tell him nothing about the hunting trip. God told him to speak to the storm. But he included Hallelujah. Y'all think I'm crazy, but I'm going to tell you something. Brother Connelly, y'all don't mind. Let me pause here. Brother Connelly normally uh helps me with my snowblower. Well, we last last year, I forgot to get it cleaned out. Y'all remember how it was how it was when y'all cleaned it the last time? Well, I had done already tried it early in the year and I says, "Lord," I said, "If ever I needed my snow glories now." I said that's more snow than we've had in a long time and I can't operate this thing and I'm not going to bother brother Con. Amen. I went in there and I got I said oh I said you going to start. See sometime you got to talk to things like they're human. You going to start. Now I had done read I went on the internet and I read where they said you know if you got any kind of machine and such and you don't clean it out and it's got this corn stuff in it it's going to clog up and this and that. I done read all of that just the other day. So in my mind, I'm thinking it's probably like syrup or manasses in there and it ain't going to start. And I thought, "No." I said to God, I said, "Lord, if you can say I can move a mountain, surely I can move this this machine." Hallelujah. I gave it a little juice, juice, juice three times. It wouldn't work. It just smoke. But that was evidence. That was some evidence. Amen. It was some evidence. this thing going to start. And then so anyway, I got to this thing and I thought, "Oh, Lord," I said, and I I was out there shoveling all that stone with my I didn't mind cuz I needed to exercise anyhow. And I thought, Lord, I said, "But when I finish, I'm going to cut this thing on even if I'm just going to let it run till it's clean." I went in there and something says seven is completion. Give it some juice. You know how you give it the little juice? Seven times. I went 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 boom. It didn't happen. Some say three is perfection. So I had to do it three times. Three * 7 21. Come on somebody. Amen. And that third time I hit the seven. That thing said, it worked. Then I thought, why should I finish this thing with my shovel? I got the rest that machinery. I went listen. I felt so good. I did my neighbors yard. Hallelujah. I said, God, you're real. But watch this. Now, in my working, it was I was sweating and and it got so hot. I had my my glasses on the on on top of the hood and I'm driving off. Amen. Cuz you know, I'm going off for the moment and my glasses on top of the the the hood. Uh you know, and and and something say drive slow. And I didn't know why. I was and I thought, well, yeah, that's right. Where are my glasses? So, I'm on my way and here's a guy, y'all know my little circle. Here's a guy standing I'm not, you know, in his truck. He's looking at my glasses. Now, how he saw my glasses on the hood, I don't have no idea, but he follows me to my house. He said, "Sir," he said, "you glasses are up on top." I said, "Thank you." I knew something was going on wrong here. But anyway, they could have slid in the street. I mean, they could have been torn up. So, I thanked him. I says, "Now, God," I said, "Some people may not believe this, but I'mma praise him for this anyway." I said, "Cuz you worthy to be praised." Amen. Amen. You have no idea what that did for me yesterday. Huh? It made me know that this message I'm preaching is right on course. Amen. The same God that stopped the wind was the same God that started my snowblower. Amen. Hallelujah. Now I'm feeling pretty good folk. Amen. Now I'm welcome to this thing. And he says, "Listen." And he said, "Listen." As I spoke, he said, "I do not doubt your voice, Lord." I said, "Cloud, snow, rain, sleep." What? He said, "I do not doubt your voice, Lord." That same God that talked to William Brandham is still talking to his children. Amen. Amen. Come on, somebody. Still talking. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. Now, you look at this. He said, "Listen, in the name of Jesus Christ, go to your place. I say that the sun must come out immediately and shine for 4 days till the hunting trip is over and I leave with my brethren." I was just gushing. Uh it was it was just gushing. Just going whoosh like that and it started going whoosh and then woo, you know, stop. I looked I stood real still. My brethren up there wondering what was happening and the sleet and the rain stopped. There came a wind whirling down through the mountain. Lifted up the clouds. One went this way, east, north, west, and south. And within a few minutes, the sun was shining nice and warm. That's true. Now, that's God. See, I picked up my gun, wiped off the scope, started walking back to down to the hill. Amen. Now, there's a lot to this, but I wanted to get to this one place because I want you to understand. Amen. Now he's gone and he's going to find out that other people saw it coming and things like that. Now the whole point behind this was this. He was feeling this heavy burden. And whenever you got a burden and you can't get rid of it, there's something God is trying to get over to you. Amen. When you done tried every door, you done sorted. You done sought God. There's something he's trying to minister to you. So what happened is he says, "Listen, as he was out there, here come these three deer." And he said they were no long no farther than 30 ft. He said in 3 seconds I could have got all three of them. I'm going, "Wow, that's pretty fast." He said, "But there was something that made me know." He said, "I can't do that." Now when you make God a promise, he going to test you on that. Hello somebody. Hello. He said, "I can't do that. I promise God." Even though he had promised those brothers he'd get them. He says, "No, I can't do it." He said, "And then this the deer walked closer." Ain't that like the devil? The whole time walk up even closer now and said, "And and and the whole time, Brother Brandon think to himself, you can't get away even if you try. I know that." He said, "But go ahead on deer and and enjoy your life." He said, "And when those deer went into the room uh in the woods, he said all of a sudden the voice of God came to him and said, "You remembered your promise." Think about it. God sets you up to see whether you're able because you got to be like him. If he's a promisekeeper, you must be one, too. God keeps all his promises. And if you going to make a promise, keep it because that's how your father is. Amen. Oh, come on. Y'all got quiet on that one, but it's true. He said, "Because you kept your promise, I will keep mine." Listen. Great is he that is in you. I hope I'm not going too long because I want you to realize, Amen. In order to be, as I'm going to say this again, more than a conquered folks, religion ain't going to get it. You got to have a true born again experience, you got to have God on the inside of you. So much so, Amen. He's supreme. You're not even you just a shell. You just Anybody in here working toward that? Come on, somebody. That's what we want. Yeah. What good is it? If you got all of this and not God, it means nothing. It's going to perish. You know that's what that's what Solomon you know if you want some sense if you want to understand life read the songs of Solomon and go to the end of it and see what he come concludes with this is the conclusion of the matter fear God and keep his commandments everything else is vanity everything else is going to fail you everything else is going to pass away think about it all Those demons that rule your life, when you die, you know what they're going to do? Go to somebody else. They're not going to be faithful. But one thing about God is when you die, he goes with you. Come on. The Bible said, "Amen. The spirit of God rested on the bones of Elijah." Quicken in power. Hallelujah. I'll go wherever. This is what he said. He said, "Lo, I'll never forsake you. I'll never leave you. I will always be with you." That's even when you go down, he goes with you. Thank God because that's the only way we get up. Amen. He said, "Greater." He said, "Listen, he that is you is greater than he that is in the world." We can't understand that yet we say we believe it and we know it's true, but we really don't understand it. Greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. What is it in you that's greater? It's Christ, the anointed. God that was in Christ is in you. And greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. Oh, come on, somebody. Let put it this way. Greater is he that was in Joshua than the son. Amen. Greater is he that was in David. Amen. Huh? than Goliath. Oh, let me bring it to your day. Greater is he that is in you, Amen. than the squeeze. Amen. Greater is he that is in you than the World Council of Churches, Greater is he that is in you than any atomic bomb. See, when you got him in there, you got the creator of all things. Is that right? It's not you thinking and what you think about this. It's what he says about it. See, it ain't what you thinking. It's what he says about it. Right? Then if he is in you, he's absolutely would not deny what he said. If he's in you, he's in you. How he's going to deny what he said? Say to this mountain be thou move and it has to be moved. Huh? Whatsoever a man desire and believe in his heart, ask and believe in his heart, he shall receive it. Is that the word? If you delight yourself in the Lord, he said, I give you the desires of your heart. Why? Because he knows you're not going to ask for the wrong thing. And he knows you're not going to ask to consume it upon your own lust. We got situations. It's true. Let me let me put it this way. It's It's like It's like Samson and Delilah. Amen. You got a choice. Samson was unequally yolked with his wife. Come on. You going to either change her or she going to change you. Come on, somebody. Is that the word? Oh, y'all done got crazy. Amen. You know, what I mean got quiet. I didn't mean to say crazy. But my point my point is that you and I must recognize, Amen, that we are God's representation. The bride of Jesus Christ, I put it, Jesus is the fullness of the Godhead bodily. Amen. And the bride is the fullness of Jesus. There's no other way. You and I must recognize and listen like I tell you as long as your mind is your mind you'll go nowhere. Amen. That's why he said let this mind be in you that was also in Christ Jesus. Your mind is your hindrance. You've got to get in prayer. You got to die to your mind because your mind will make you schizophrenic. Your mind will make you doubleminded. Your mind will make you unbeliever. Your mind will make you fearful. Your mind will make you scared. Your mind will make you feel like a loser. Your mind. But in God's mind, the mind of God, Jesus said, "I and the father are one." He spoke that. When you see me, you see the father. Hallelujah. He spoke that. Amen. It was reality because he thought like God. When you go on your jobs, you think like God. Come on. When you go to the grocery store, you think like God. Come on, somebody. And understand the devil is always going to target you. He might not target nobody else in that store, but when he when you comes in, light comes in a dark room. He recognize you by the light, and you don't even know the light is shining. Hallelujah. Is that all right? Let me just jump to this and I'm gonna let you go. I'll finish this as you brother talks about it all the time. All the time. All the time. And this thing has got to become a reality. It can't become human effort because of something that's particular like you and I said many I think the minister said last week. Amen. When it law, when it becomes law, then you're lost. It must be grace. It must be God coming in you. And don't get me wrong, he that knoweth to do good and doth not to him is sin. But my point is, you don't rely upon your ability to to to get you into heaven. Now, okay, I quit smoking. I quit drinking. I quit. I quit. I quit. I quit. You see, you don't even need the Holy Ghost to quit. Hello. And that's what I I don't you know that the law applies. That law applies no matter who you save or not. Resist the devil and he'll keep you. Like I said, Amen. It's just like this. I said, you know, you say, "Well, Lord, I want to stop craving sugar." Well, stop eating it. Come on. Because you got to realize if you're craving sugar, there's something on the inside asking for it. There's a deep call. In other words, there's a spirit of some sort in you that's asking for it. I looked it up on the website. Little demons. Parasites is what they are. In you calling for the sugar and you think you just want it, but they've been living in you so long till you don't even know it. Oh, come on. Amen. That's what it is. And eventually these same parasites kill you. All kinds of conditions come by these parasites. Candidas is what they call like candy, but they're in you and your government did it. But my point is, if it's calling, if it's calling, that means there's something on the Is that right? And you respond by going to get what it wants. And sugar craves sugar. The more sugar you eat, the more you want. Am I Hello. Hello. Y'all don't get mad with me. I try I'm not trying to take your candy away. But my point is, Amen. You must understand, Amen. that whenever something's calling for something is because something is inside calling for it. Whether it's darkness, whether it's light, Amen. If is calling, if you're craving, whether it be lush, whether that means there's a something inside there calling for it. And when you go for it, that means you're satisfying this thing that's in you that's not even you. It's just a squatter. Hallelujah. in your life and the only way you could ever conquer it is to stop resisting. But you say, "Oh, brother Bruce, how can I resist it?" Stop. Just stop. But you going to suffer? Yes, your mind battles will be great, but remember after three days, it's got to die. Amen. If you can conquer it for three days and take it to the seventh day, it's complete. Amen. They say that's how you develop a habit. Do it seven days and you got it. Y'all hear what I'm saying? So when you look at this thing, you must understand, amen, that God is saying, listen, if you crave it, there's something in you craving for God. The only way that you can crave for God is that God is inside craving, pulling. Hallelujah. I want more. That's why the word of God said, "Grow up into him." That means you got a life on the inside that wants God. And God said, "All you got to do is pull for it and I give you more." El shoo. He said, "And listen, I believe this with all my heart. If Shakespeare is in you or Beethoven, he said if Beethoven is in you, you got you'll be a composer. You have to act like Beethoven even when you don't want to. You might not look like him, but you'll have his mannerism. You'll have his things that he likes, the things that he don't like. You'll know Beethoven better than anybody else would. Hallelujah. So if Christ is in you, [Music] What you going to crave then? What is that deep going to call for? What is that? Now if he's sunshine and he represent the sun, what about it? What about it? What about it? The son give life to everybody. Everything. Come on, somebody. Amen. So, so is the son of God. So is a daughter of God. If you truly a son and daughter of God, you give life. Amen. You give life. Amen. Come on, somebody. Now, look at this. I'm going to say it this say it back to you. You know what a sacrifice mean? It means to be devoted and dedicated. And if we're going to be living sacrifices to Christ, we must be devoted and dedicated. Hello, somebody. Oh my my my I'm I'm going to close here. But you understand what I'm working with. Amen. And the Bible said, "If my gospel be it, it is here to them that are lost." Remember the story that brother brother Craig told the other day when he was here, how brother Bannon was wandering around, he didn't know he had lost his way. He lost his way because he thought he was a guy. And if you think you something, you've lost your way. Huh? And you're sure to be lost pretty soon. Amen. They call it the death man walk. How do you know you in a death man walk? Because you come back to the same sin that you once conquered. You in a death man walk, circling around the block, but coming right back to the thing that you once conquered. Hello. You've leaned upon your own understanding. You thought you can do it. Now you're at a place right now in a storm in your life and you need God. Hey, but there is a lifeline. Amen. We don't have to have our heads hunk down and you know, we're going to have problems and we're going to have troubles and we're going to have things that we dislike. Amen. But you got to become more than a conqueror. And the only way that you can become more than a conqueror, you got to first conquer yourself. By the grace and help of God, and that's on your knees. People don't want to pray through, but I'm going to tell you something. That is the only token life. I don't want to get ahead of myself this evening, but that is the only token life. You can you can sing, you can shout, you can preach, you can dance, you can run, you can interpret, you can do all these great things and still not have that life in you. The only way that you're going to have this life is when you see Beethoven in you. Amen. Put it this way. Jesus Christ in you, the supreme God living and working in you. Your everyday craving is bread. Bread. Give us this day our daily bread. What bread? I am the bread. He said, "I want you every day. Give me your daily bread." Y'all hear what I'm saying? It must You must become overwhelmed. You must become over uh consumed in your desire for God to be more than a conqueror. Am I making sense? Best stand. You know, I I I want to say this, people, and don't get me wrong, easier said than done. You must labor to enter into the rest of God. But, but this age that we're living in has made us lazy. We don't read our Bibles. We don't pray. We don't hardly listen to the message. I can always tell because of this response to the people, you know, and we've got so we've got this thing so given to us. I I mean to whom much is given, much is required. And per p personally, I believe there'll be more people in those foreign countries that'll make a rapture than in the United States. I believe only a few will come out of this place. You know why? Because seem like those other people, other places are more sincere than what we are. seem like they seem to be more dedicated. Of course, I'm not living there. I don't know. And I know the demons in America ain't nothing to play with. Yeah. You got to be on the top of the line to whip them devils. Y'all hear what I'm saying? You got to be a totally yielded vessel to whip the devils in this this United States. I say that to us because a lot of time, most of us, we've lived with these things and we fail to see that this thing is there to hinder you. Woo. But Paul Paul wrote us a perfect word. Nothing. And who shall separate us from the love of God? No matter what trick the devil brings to us, God will always see us through. Y'all hear what I'm saying? God going to see us through people. But you, we've got to do something about what we believe. We've got to do something. Uh we just can't keep it to ourselves. We got to do something. and and and and and and this is what I'm working with by the grace of God that you and I must understand. If we the liars of the world, the Bible said don't put it under a bush. Don't hide it. Be a fool for Jesus. Let the world know you're crazy. Is that all right? Let them know you're crazy. They going to call you crazy anyhow just because you follow Jesus. Let the world know you're crazy. Let's bow. Father God, we come before you as humble as we know how. Lord, we thank you for your grace. We thank you for your mercy and the love. Father God, you've been better to us than we've been to ourselves. Lord, we pray, Father God, that the people will come to see that no, I'm not a conqueror. I'm more than a conqueror. Oh God, that takes us to a different level, Lord. And because of that, we got you on the inside, Lord. We've seen the dead raised. We've seen the eyes of the blind open. Lord, we've seen cancer healed. We've seen all kinds of things done by you, Lord. You're obvious because you're the healer. Even the healer, those who are in hospital, they may think it's the doctor, but we know who the healer is. And those who are delivered out of insane and silent, Lord, we know who the deliverer is. Oh, Father, there's only one healer and one deliverer, and that's you, Lord. And I pray, Father God, that you will have mercy of the people, that you will become more obvious to us, Lord, that we be mindful that you are everywhere, in us, above us, and through us. You're all in all. Grant it, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name we pray.
