################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2014-05-19 - Creating The Right Atmosphere - 2014 05 04e - Maxwell Lee - Maxwell Lee.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2014-05-19
Title:   Creating The Right Atmosphere - 2014 05 04e - Maxwell Lee
Speaker: Maxwell Lee
Church:  Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pw47p8IbK-U
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
Creating The Right Atmosphere 
Maxwell Lee
Recorded - 2014 05 04e
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I was really prepared for this song, but I'm just I'm only human. I'm just me and all that I am. Show me the stairway that I have to climb. Lord, for my sake, teach me to take one day at a time. One day, another time. Sweet Jesus, that's all I'm asking from you. Oh, just give me the strength to do every day what I have to do. [Music] yesterday's gone, sweet Jesus, and tomorrow may never be mine. Lord, help me today. Show me the way. One day at a time. Oh, one day at a time. Sweet Jesus, that's all I'm asking from you. Oh yes, just give me the strength to do every day what I had to do. Yesterday is gone. Yesterday is gone. Dear Jesus and tomorrow may never be mine. Lord, help me today. Show me the way one day at a time. Help me. Show me the way. One day at a time. Thank you. [Applause] That was lovely. One day at a time, one step at a time. Hallelujah. That same spirit that started us off being you, you'll quicken your mortal body, if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead in you, dwells in you. The Christ spirit that raised Christ from the dead in you dwells in you. [Music] Oh, your mortal bodys in you. Oh, your mortal body. Spirit dwells in you. If I [Music] save Christ from the dead in you in you spirit I raised Christ from the dead in you. It was quicken. It was quickenal body. If I spit, it was in you. It was cricket. It was a mortal body. If I dwell in you. Hallelujah. You got a witness. Do we have a witness? Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. We have our brother Troy come and pray. We have a prayer request. Just hold your hand. Hand hands uplifted. Oh God, come and see Lord our hearts Lord. Loved ones Lord. Many loved ones Lord. Praise you Lord. Hands up lifted. Let's just bow in a word of prayer for we all have needs of our Lord and Savior. Heavenly Father, we just thank you, Lord, for keeping all of your appointments, Father. And as we've made an appointment to meet you here this evening, Father, we thank you, Lord, so much for coming by this way. Lord, what an honor here to sit in your presence and worship at your feet, Father. And Lord, we just thank you so much, Lord. You've been so attentive to answer all of our prayers, Father. And you've heard all of our cries and heard of our requests, Lord. And you've been so sweet to answer of our needs, Lord. And give us abundantly, Father, all that you have, Lord. You haven't withheld anything from us, Lord. And I just thank you so much here, Lord. You've been so kind to us. Heavenly Father, we just offer up all of our tithes and our offerings, our worship and our praise. Lord, our hands we lift up, Father. our feet. We dance before you, Lord, and we just give it all in glory and honor to your name's sake, Father, for you are the worthy one here at this feast here tonight, Father. And Lord, we just thank you, Lord. Oh, we we might have sloughed off into a corner of the kingdom, Lord, but you said, "Come up higher and take the best seat." And Lord, sit right here by our your side. Lord, we just thank you so much, Lord, for coming by here this evening. As our brother Max comes to preach, Father, we just pray you'd break the word of life to us, Lord. May you just reveal things to us, Father, we've never seen before, something new and something old, Father. We pray, Lord, that you'd open up every heart to receive, Father, and just bless the brother as he preaches, Lord. And I pray for every request that is lifted up by these hands, Father. Lord, may you be very careful, Lord, to look them over and answer them according to your mercy and grace, Father. For we are a needy people, Lord. We have things that we would like you to pay attention to, Father. And we we wouldn't ask, Father, if we didn't know that you would answer, Father, and we just we we ask because we believe, Father. And so we just give all these requests up before your throne, Lord. And we thank you father for hearing of everyone in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Just lift his name on high. Lord I lift your name on high. Lord, I lift your name on [Music] high. Lord, I love to sing your [Music] praises. I'm so glad you're in my life. I'm so glad you came to save us. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross. My debt to pay. From the cross to the grave. From the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lord, I love to sing your praises. I'm so glad you're in my life. I'm so glad you came to save us. You came to heaven to earth to show the way from the earth to the cross. my debt to pay. From the crest to the grave, from the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on [Music] high. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross, my debt to pay. From the cross to the grave, from the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. You came from heaven to earth to show the way. From the earth to the cross, my debt to pay. From the cross to the grave, from the grave to the sky. Lord, I lift your name on high. Lift his name. Oh yes, Lord. Lift your name. Worthy is your name. Worthy to be praised. Hallelujah. Praise you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise you. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We love to bless him, don't we? I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Let's do it again. I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. [Music] With a heart of thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord. Again, I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. With your hands lifted high, my hands lifted [Applause] up and a mouth filled with praise. With a heart of [Music] thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord, with my hands lifted up. and a mouth filled with [Applause] praise. With a heart of thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord, with my hands lifted up. [Music] Without a mouth filled with praise, with a heart of thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord. Do we have a blessing here? Bless you, Lord. Bless you, Lord. Bless you, Lord. From the depths of our hearts, our soul, Lord, blesses you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise you, Lord. Soon. Soon. The brother said this morning, "Soon." Soon, very soon. Soon and very soon, we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon, we are going to see the king. Soon and soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu hallelu. We're going to see the king soon. Very soon. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the king. No more crying. No more crying. There we are going to see the king. No more crying. There we are going to see the king. No more crying. We are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the king. No more dying. No more dying. There we are. Going to see the king. No more dying. There we are. No more dying. There we are. Going to see the king. Halleluah. Halleluah. We're going to see the king. Soon, very soon. Soon and very soon, we are going to see the king. Yes. Soon and very soon, we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. Hallelujah. Praise you, Lord. Praise you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. As we prepare for our brother Max to come. Hallelujah. We just pray that Lord circumcise our ears and our heart to receive this word. Hallelujah. Create in us a clean heart. Oh God, create in me a clean heart. Hallelujah. Yes, create in me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean [Music] heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord. [Music] Take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy [Music] salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Oh create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord. Take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Hallelujah. Praise the wonderful name of the Lord. Is it so good? Hallelujah. That we can say like the psalmist, create in me a clean heart, oh God, and with you within me a right spirit. Saints of God. That is what we need to have the right spirit. You know, the power of God says you can be, you know, right in your doctrine and, you know, you're wrong in your spirit, but you could be wrong in your doctrine and if you're right in your spirit, you know, God could bring you back into that way. So, it's a beautiful thing to know that in this time and in this season that we could have the right spirit and we come to realize that that is the mind of Christ Jesus in this day that we living in. You the scripture speaks of all kind of mind. You know you have the reprobate mind. You know you have all different kind of the confused mind. You have the evil mind. But saints of God we must have the mind of Christ. That is the only mind that can set us as the word of God will set us free today. Shall we just bow our heads in prayer? Gracious God and heavenly father. Lord, we come this afternoon, this evening time in your presence, Lord. Oh God, we want to thank thee for your great love that you have shed abroad amongst your people, Lord, that we can come under your shed blood under one banner, Lord. Oh God, as you promised us in your word, Lord, as often as you do it in remembrance of me, we want to thank thee, Lord, for your grace that is being established towards us, Lord. that Lord we know that you'll come again Lord and you'll have the supper and you'll drink with us Lord we want to thank thee for this opportunity that you have given us Lord once again that we could come in your presence we pray God that you may speak to us lip to ear Lord we pray that every human element Lord would be hidden behind the veil that only you can be seen today Lord that whatever will be said and done Lord that we can be uplifted Lord to glorify your name that oh God our faith can be lift lifted up to be in a a raptured condition, Lord, that when you shall appear, oh God, we shall be just like unto you, Lord. We give you all the praise and we give you all the glory and the honor, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. Praise God. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. Amen. You're glad to be here again in the house of God. Hallelujah. The best place that we can be on earth is coming into the house of God. Hallelujah. And we truly want to tell God that the season that we living in, we ought to be sitting in heavenly places. Amen. With him. Amen. Hallelujah. And our desire will be fulfilled. Hallelujah. By the word of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Praise God. At this time, without any delay, we like to turn your attention in the word of God in the book of Genesis, chapter 1, reading from verses 1 to five. Praise God. I'd like to preach on a little thought this evening. Creating the right atmosphere. Hallelujah. You know, it means a lot to be in the right atmosphere. Amen. And we want to thank God this evening that God has through the eyes of the prophet. There's so many things that we can see in the scriptures. Hallelujah. And the prophet of God come with inspiration of the living word today that we can see what it's all about. Praise God. In the beginning, God created a heaven and the earth, and the earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And God said, "Let there be light, and there was light." Amen. And God saw the light that it was good. And God divided the light from the darkness. And God called the light day and darkness he called night and the evening and the morning were the first day. Gracious God and heavenly father, we want to thank you this evening for your great love and your great mercy towards us Lord that Lord you have set every captive free Lord and Lord you have turned every darkness away Lord of the light of this gospel that has come in this day Lord we pray God that you may bless the people richly Lord as we feast upon your word Lord that this light can come in Lord that we could recognize Lord oh God who We are in a greater way Lord. We give you the praise and the honor and the glory in Jesus name. Amen. Praise God. You may be seated. We want to thank God again for this evening that he has given us yet another privilege to be in the house of God. And we want to thank God for the welcoming spirit. Praise God. Because we know that we are we have one heavenly father. And if you are feeding upon that word, hallelujah. You know we have that same spirit. And it's no different than wherever I I go. It's the same spirit of Christ Jesus across the nation and around the world. Even in other countries, you go into Amazon and those places where they don't even speak English is the same spirit. The first time I get there, the believer is saying, "Brother, you know, we would like you to come into our home and we can have fellowship. Although we don't understand each other language when we look in each other's face we just feel satisfied you know just to know just to know that we are children of God. Hallelujah. And you know through singing and through music you know it goes a far away because what happened you know some of the songs they sing it in their language and we sing it in our language in English and then we can communicate and say it's the same thing. So you know then it know it it creates an interest. So we want to thank God for a heavenly language. Praise God. And you know the one thing we come to recognize, hallelujah, in every language is the very same. Hallelujah. So we thank God that you know he's so gracious towards us that he can allow us to pass this way in fellowship. Hallelujah. And what is fellowship? Two fellas in a ship. Not just in a ship, but going the same direction. Because if you're not going the same direction, you know, somebody might be out of the ship. Praise God. But we ought to thank God. Hallelujah. That we can go in the same direction by the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Praise God. And I I really enjoying the time with the believers of like precious faith. And you know, there always memories that you could have in your mind in wherever you go by the grace of God. And we, you know, we want to thank God for these precious memories that we could have in the way of fellowship because when the hard time comes, you know, you can look back and reflect, you know, to how good it is and pleasant that brethren can dwell together in the unity of the Holy Spirit. And that is a great encouragement along the way of the ministry. Wherever you go, you know, you have the rough times and you have the good times. But we want to thank God that as human, we just passing through and we are pilgrims and we are strangers. But saints of God, we know that we are ambassadors for Christ. Amen. And you know it's a lot goes along with the whole thing. So we so thankful to be here by the grace of God. So we come to realize that the right atmosphere need to be created. It's so important for God's people to dwell in the right atmosphere. Amen. Hallelujah. Because it's the atmosphere, hallelujah, that causes, you know, life to come forth. And we come to realize that the hour that we living in, we need to create the right atmosphere because the world is full of many different kind of conditions. And we come to realize if you go into a hospital community, there's a certain kind of atmosphere. There are certain kind of feelings that when you go there, how you'd feel if you go into a marketplace is the very same. And where if you go in a rum shop or where they have alcohol, there's a certain kind of feeling. Hallelujah. Wherever you go, there's a certain atmosphere and there's a feeling or a characteristic that goes with it. Hallelujah. And where the churn of God is, there must be a certain kind of atmosphere. And when the right atmosphere is being created, the presence of God can come down. Hallelujah. And we come to realize that God cannot work in darkness. God cannot work in confusion. As we read here, in the beginning, God created a heaven and the earth. And the Bible says the earth was without form and it was void. And darkness was upon the face of the deep. Hallelujah. And the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And God said, "Let there be light." Hallelujah. But it didn't stop there. And there was light because there is power in the word. Amen. Hallelujah. It's the creative power. And whatever God says it must come to pass. Amen. Hallelujah. And God saw the light that it was good. And God divided light from darkness. Amen. Allelujah. And God called the light day, darkness. He called night. And the evening and the morning were the first day. And after that, Hallelujah. If you go down into the book of Genesis and you continue to read, you're going to find that then God began his creation. Hallelujah. So, we come to realize that God needs the right atmosphere to work in. Amen. Hallelujah. And God cannot God is not contrary and God is not a God of confusion. But we find today why the Holy Spirit cannot move in churches and in lives today. People their lives are confused and there's darkness in their lives and God cannot move. Amen. Hallelujah. But when this light come, when this gospel comes, it brings new light. When it go, when this gospel comes, Hallelujah. when the light is shining forth, everything that is in darkness, it will have to come to light. Amen. Hallelujah. So, no matter what is done in darkness, it will be manifested. Amen. We come to realize that if there is no light in the building and you know we're outside in some kind of building and there's darkness there and you know just a flicker of a light shines and you know that there's a a venomous snake in that corner there while the place is dark you may not know but when the light flicker and you see in this particular corner you have a a venomous snake there you wouldn't want to go there anymore because your mind is telling you that there's danger there. So that is why the more the brighter the light shines the more you can see danger. Amen. Hallelujah. But the Bible tells us that you know you have people they love the darkness rather than light. Already they know that when you're in darkness anything can happen to you. Hallelujah. But when you're in the light you can see the grace of God and you can move in the grace and in the mercies of God. Hallelujah. And things can happen in your life. But is what spirit people are being possessed by. If you're possessed with the right spirit, you would flee from darkness. If you're possessed with the right spirit, saints of God, you want to be in the light of God. Because in the light of God, hallelujah, your faith can rise in the word of God and you can have healing. You can have victories in your life. Hallelujah. We wanted to know why some people are so tossed about is because they don't want to dwell in the right atmosphere. They don't want God to come and move in their life. There too many earthly or carnal things that he want to hold on to. Hallelujah. But God want us to be set free. The word says whom the son set free is free indeed. Hallelujah. And when you are free is to serve God is to worship him in spirit and in truth. Hallelujah. When the spirit of God comes in the right atmosphere, you'll come to respect and understand headship. Hallelujah. And headship for God's people is not a bondage but headship is a privilege. Hallelujah. But the world today they don't want headship. Hallelujah. You have many relationships today and you know there are many marriages and in those marriages now the women of the world today they don't want their names to be changed. They want to hold on to their same old title and you know they just want to have an addition. But saints of God the word teaches us that we have to die out to ourself. Hallelujah. And when only when you die out yourself and take on his nature, then you can have a true relationship with God. Hallelujah. As long as we have self in us, the right atmosphere can never be created. Amen. Hallelujah. And this word of God is teaching us, hallelujah, all about what it takes because faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word. In a message gyrus and divine healing paragraph 35 the prophet of God said and we ought to get ourselves in the kind of an atmosphere create. He says each one of you is a creator. He says did you know that each one of you people that's born again is a creator. It's only when you're born again then you are a creator. And we must create an atmosphere. As I said the other night, God has given us the ability to be creators to create the right atmosphere. So we have to be careful as believers what kind of atmosphere we are creating. That is why we need to be harnessed by the Holy Spirit in the word of God that every time we open our mouth to speak, hallelujah, it must be glorifying unto God. Hallelujah. This is not bittersweet that one time you speak well and another time you speak bad. The nature inside of you must be the nature of Christ Jesus. And every time Christ Jesus opened his mouth to speak hallelujah. It was words of wisdom. It was words that is being directed by God because no time in the life of our Lord and Savior when he was here on earth ever spoke anything that was out from the will of God. Hallelujah. Everything that he said hallelujah is what God had told him. He was being led by the spirit. And today, every son and daughter must be led by the Holy Spirit. We must not be led by our own feelings and by our own ambition. Hallelujah. Or some friend or some organization, but we must be led of God. Hallelujah. And the time and season that we living in. Praise God. We don't believe in collective revelation. And that is what is taking place today. You find a bunch of ministers getting together and people coming together and because they agree on certain thing, well, they take it for gospel. But if it don't line up with a message of the hour, you got to kick it out. Hallelujah. Because it's going to bring confusion. That is darkness to begin with. But when the light comes, Hallelujah. I don't have my own thought. Brother Brooks or any one of the minister don't have their own thought, but we have the mind of Christ. Hallelujah. That is why we can go around the world and recognize praise God the spirit of Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. Say if the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you is going to quicken your mortal body. Hallelujah. So when we are being quickened by the word of God, we can say the same thing and we can come and we can have fellowship under the same kindred spirit that God has provided. Hallelujah. Isn't it wonderful that you can come to realize that we living in a time and a season that the word of God is alive in the in the life of his people? Amen. Hallelujah. That in this hour that we living in, the works that Jesus Christ did, he says the works that I do shall he do and greater than these. Hallelujah. Why? Because of the atmosphere that is being created, God have many sons and daughters today. Hallelujah. Which were born by the word of God. Hallelujah. Not by the will of man or the will of flesh. Praise God. But by the spoken word in this hour that have called us out from denomination, call us out from darkness and every corner that we were dwelling in. Hallelujah. That is why whatever we say, it must be pleasing to God. Hallelujah. Many people say, "Well, I'm not concerned what I say and I don't care about anybody." But if you're a son or you daughter of God, you have to be careful in what you say. Hallelujah. Because the word even tells us offense will come but woe to the one that bring it. Amen. Hallelujah. But if offense comes and is through the word and people reject the word, well that's the different kind of offense. Hallelujah. But not when we are contrary and we say things that is not likened. Hallelujah. To the word of God. Hallelujah. In a message identification paragraph 40. Jesus gave us example of what we ought to be looking at when he reflected his life to us through the word. What we should see when he look when we look into God's mirror we should see ourselves identify with him. That is a perfect example. Hallelujah. When we look into the mirror of God's word, we must see ourselves identify with him. Hallelujah. Which one of you ever go in front of the mirror and when you look in a mirror you see something else other than yourself? That will to make you jump. That will ought to make you to understand what is really happening here. Hallelujah. And whatever you are, whatever your features are, when you go in front of the mirror, that is what you're going to see. Amen. Hallelujah. So the mirror don't lie. We know they have all kind of mirrors today with all kind of different whatchimens or whatever you call it. And they can show your face if it's you can make your face look longer and wider and all kind of different things. But I'm talking about a real genuine mirror. Hallelujah. Praise God. A real genuine mirror. When you go in front of it, it gives you an exact Hallelujah portrait or picture of your very self. And that the greatest mirror, the best mirror that we could think of is the very mirror of God's word. Amen. Because God don't lie. His word cannot lie. Hallelujah. God is perfect and he is the same yesterday, today and forever. So we find we need to come before the mirror of God's word and then we can examine ourselves. Hallelujah. We're not to examine ourselves. Hallelujah. By our standard by another brother, another sister and most of the time as human when we get into a certain way we are judging others by our standard by how we feel and what we think. It should not be that way. Amen. Hallelujah. We should not judge no one by no other standard but the word way. Hallelujah. We should not even try to judge one another. But we should judge ourselves by the word of God. And if we judge ourselves, we shall not be judged. Hallelujah. So, we got to recognize the time and the season that we living in. Saints of God, our lives ought to be worthy of this gospel. Praise God. Continuing here now that we find out that we go along to life that our character molds the image that we are. Our character molds the image that we are and each one knows that you as you live so is your character. Your character it molds you to what you are. He says now you have seen people that you just love to be around. Isn't that so? Yet they might not exactly be in your bracket or society. And again, they might be of different race, the color or brown or yellow, but there's something about that character that you just love to be in their presence because each person is a little dynamo of their own and you put out an atmosphere. So each and every one of us put out an atmosphere. Hallelujah. We may not all see eye to eye but sometime we love to be around certain individual certain person certain characteristic because we know it can always be a blessing. You know sometimes I put it this way you know you might see some brother might call you and say oh brother you know I want to come by you today but you know for that particular day you may not have anything you know particular to do but because you know every time a certain person come around the atmosphere that they create is so confusing and so dumb spirited and even if you don't have anything to do you might try to find something to do and try to find yourself occupy that when he comes you busy. Hallelujah. And on the other hand, you may have a whole lot of things to do. And when a certain brother call say Brad you know I want to come by you today and you say okay you can come you know and because you know what kind of atmosphere is being created and that is the kind of atmosphere that we must create a one that is welcoming. Hallelujah. That we could come and we can feel the presence of God that when we come and fellowship with each other when we leave each other presence we must feel blessed. Amen. How many you want to feel like that and we should feel like that that nor we come together we leave our spirit aggravated and you know it's a whole waste of time and these kind of thing because as human whatever we put whatever sacrifice we make we want to know that we get the best out of the whole thing. Hallelujah. And so is God. The best Hallelujah businessman that you could find is God. Yes. Hallelujah. Praise God. the the man on the outside or the businesses today, they have profit and loss. But in the kingdom of God, there no profit and loss. God never lose. Hallelujah. And there is nothing for him to loss. And a proud of God said God did never God did not save us to lose us. Hallelujah. But when God saves you, hallelujah, you are saved. Amen. Hallelujah. But with us, we do business and we after the end of the year or how much we want to do, we do a profit and loss account to find how we are getting through in business. But saints of God, God knows everything. Hallelujah. And we want to thank God that we have such a great accountant. Hallelujah. That can give account for everything. Should not we give account for the life that God has given that we can live wherever we go and whatever we say. Hallelujah. is not just in our homes and in our community, but wherever we go. You have a lot of people they live contrary lives when they're at home and and when they go out, you know, they try to be a saint. But you see, the spirit of God goes with you everywhere. Hallelujah. And we cannot hide. You know, the scripture tells us that our hiding place becomes God's pavilion. Could you imagine that? Hallelujah. that you are sitting in a pav, somebody is trying to hide in the open field and you in the pavilion and we think that we are so smart that we could hide from God. We cannot hide saints of God. That is why he says that our our hiding place is his pavilion. So what could we do? The only thing we can do is to surrender our life to him. Hallelujah. Praise God. So we come to realize that we need to create the right atmosphere because each person is a little dynamo of their own and you put out an atmosphere. You see we were being created in the image and in the likeness of God before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. And in Genesis 1:26 tells us, "And God says, let us make man in our own image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth." Amen. So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him. Male and female created he them. Hallelujah. And God blessed them. And God said unto them, "Be fruitful, multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it, and have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the fowl of the air, over every living thing that moveth upon the earth." You see, God give us our dominion. He gave us the authority over everything. But man in his fallen nature, he broke that entirety with God. Hallelujah. And that is why sin came upon the face of the earth. But we want to thank God with all of that, saints of God, there's a message of restoration. Amen. Praise God that everything that has been broken. Praise God. It came right back through Lord and Savior Jesus Christ by shedding his blood on the cross of Calvary by bringing redemption. Praise God. That a bride can come back once again. Amen. Praise God. So we come to recognize that God himself said, "Let us make man in our own image." So we if we are in the image of God then we are miniature creator then we are little dynamos. So we got to be careful of what kind of atmosphere we create because we can stir up a trouble. Hallelujah. You know human being could stir up a real trouble and we can be peaceful when we want to but let us possess the right spirit. And when we possess the right spirit you will not be led by your emotion and led by your feeling but you're going to be led by the word of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Praise God. We come to realize that your faith will make you believe things that your mind knows nothing about. How many you believe that your faith will make you believe things that your mind know nothing about. Because it's not about what we think and it's not about what we feel, but it's what the word of God says. All things are possible to them that believe it. Sometime you pray and you ask God for leadership and he's leading you a certain line and the direction and you don't have any lead at where you're going but because you're an obedient child you following the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. And sometimes battles may want to come in mind but where you going you know what you're really doing look the line you taking and the whole odds may be against you. Praise God. your closest buddy, your closest friend or somebody may be against you and say what you're really doing but you have no explanation but still nobody cannot take it away from you or tell you that you're doing wrong because something inside of you that is leading you to do the right thing. Amen. Hallelujah. There are many things in our life that we cannot explain. You cannot explain God but you have to believe God. Hallelujah. And you have to go the way that God will have you to. The greatest pull that you can have is when God is pulling and tugging at you. Yes. Hallelujah. Why? Because there's no force like him. Hallelujah. So we thank God. Uh the Bible tell us in 2 Corinthians chapter 10 3-6. For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh. For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds, casting down imaginations and every high thing that exalt itself against the knowledge of God and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. Isn't that wonderful? Amen. and having in a readiness to revenge all disobedience when your obedience is fulfilled. Hallelujah. We must re having in readiness to revenge all disobedience when your obedience is fulfilled. The only way our obedience can be fulfilled is when we can surrender to the word of God. When we can surrender, hallelujah, to the life that God has provided for us. Hallelujah. Then we see the glory and the grace of God working in our life, when the right atmosphere can be created. Hallelujah. And a message is a life worthy of your gospel. Paragraph 151. And did you know you are a little creator yourself? You know that certainly you seen people that you just love to be around. You don't know why. Just that loving type of person. Have you seen that? Just as kind there. You like to be around them. That's he said they create that atmosphere by the life they live, the way they talk, their conversation. And that happens today. The way how people talk, the way how they conduct themselves. Hallelujah. It's soothing. Hallelujah. It's a it's life. And it can bring you in a certain condition. That is why we have to think. Hallelujah. Before we can say something, we have to have the right mind. Hallelujah. Think of our thoughts. Think of something of our action and what we do and what we talk about. It creates an atmosphere. Amen. Hallelujah. I remember going into the jungles, you know, through the Amazon and different places. People start to talk of different spooky things about zombies and all kind of things. And when they start talking, it create a certain kind of atmosphere. And you have fellas, they may think that they're brave, but when the nightfall comes in, they don't even want to come out from their camp to go where they were staying all the time because of fear. Why? Because of the atmosphere that has been created. Amen. Hallelujah. If you know it's it's of such that words have power, words have life. And you know many time we don't understand but now coming into the message we can see why when men speak something why we have to be careful of what we say. Hallelujah. That's why in Sunday school days, we used to say, "Be careful little eyes what you see. Be careful little eye ears what you hear. Be careful little mouth what you speak. Be careful little feet where you go." And saints of God, it might seem to be just a song to the Sunday school. But you know, we are all children of God and we all need to continue in the word of God. We always have to be careful with our life. God didn't call us to be careless. Hallelujah. What God called us to be careful that whatever we do, we have to give account. Amen. Hallelujah. I think it's somewhere in the book of Acts chapter 10. It says, you know, God whatever we do, it comes up as a memorial before God because when you look at Cornelius, the Bible tells us, you know, that, you know, the it was told to him that he was praying to God and he was faithful. He he prayed to God, give arms. I think he prayed to God. He give arms and he pray to God always. Hallelujah. And that came up as a memorial before God. So when Peter was having that vision, hallelujah, it was uh quicken onto him that he should come and visit Cornelius. So whatever we do, it comes up as a memorial before God. You see God don't forget. Amen. Hallelujah. Whatever we do, it comes up as a memorial before God. That is why we got to be careful of this life that we live because many time we don't know who looking at us. Hallelujah. We might think that we may be far away from home in a different state or in a different land. But God is looking over us. Hallelujah. Praise God. Some say when you are in Rome, you have to do as the Romans do. Well, saints of God, we are not Romans. Hallelujah. We are sons and daughters of God. Hallelujah. We came from God and we going back to him. We got to realize that we are just pilgrim and we are stranger. We are passing through. But we are we are son of a king. Hallelujah. son of not a king but son of the king. So we got to be careful the way we conduct ourselves and many of us we know the little story of that slave hallelujah who was in captivity and the way how he conducted himself it was different from all the others and the way we conducting ourselves today it has to be different than all others. Amen. Hallelujah. You see we are not making comparison with our life but our life must be worthy of this gospel. Hallelujah. And we truly want to thank God for that. So even the thoughts that we have, we must think of the very thoughts that we have. It must be plain. It must be pure. It must come from the mind of God. Hallelujah. Whatever we think, it must not come from our reaction. What somebody done to us and how we will react. Hallelujah. Because a power of God clearly tells us is not the person attitude towards you, but is your attitude towards the person. So it doesn't matter what somebody done to you, saints of God, it's your attitude. Hallelujah. In return, Amen. Hallelujah. Because Christ Jesus, he was a perfect example. When they crucify him, he says, "Father, forgive them for they know not what they do." And look what they did to him. Even Steven was an example. Hallelujah. in what was happening. How much more sons and daughters of God in this time and in this season having the fullness of the word of God having the plum line for the hour to lead us and to guide us into every truth. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. What a time, what a season that we living in. Ephesians chapter 2 reading verses 2 and three tells us wherein in time past we walk according to the course of this world according to the prince of the power of the air the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience among whom also we all had our conversation in time past in the lust of our flesh fulfilling desires of the flesh and of the mind and were by nature the children of rot even as others You see where we were? But we want to thank God for his grace towards us that has brought us in that we could walk hallelujah as children of the light in this hour. Because when God said let there be light, there was light and in him there is no darkness. In him there is no confusion and we see that God cannot work in confusion. So if God who is God cannot work in confusion, can we work in confusion? Can we work in doubt when our minds are scrupled up and in all kind of condition? We must have a clear thought. Hallelujah. We must have the clear light of this gospel in where we are standing. Hallelujah. Because God want us to live the way that he would have us to live. In Philippians 1 27 tells us, "Only let your conversation be as becometh the gospel of Christ." Amen. that whether I come and see you or else be absent, I may hear of your affair, that he stand fast in one spirit with one mind, striving together for the faith of the gospel. This was the letter of Paul. Hallelujah. Only let your conversation be as it becometh the gospel of Christ. So we have to think about our thoughts, what we saying. We must weigh our words. We must not speak vain words. Hallelujah. And we find today that people they can live this side and they can live that side. But God, hallelujah, called us to be doves in this hour. He didn't call us to be a dove and a crow. Amen. Hallelujah. A crow can come and he can eat on a grain and he can go and he can eat on the dead carrier. Hallelujah. But a dove, saints of God, he only have one position. If he try to eat anything unclean, it will cause debt. Hallelujah. And debt, what debt does? It separates you from God. Hallelujah. So we know where we ought to feed upon by the grace and the mercies of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. And to back up that scripture, first Peter chapter 1 verse1 15 tells us, "But as but as he which had called you is holy, so be holy in all manner of conversation because it is written be holy for I am holy." So saints of God throughout the scripture you can see the grace of God to his people in this hour that we living in. Hallelujah. And this is not how long you're around church or or if you're being raised in the message. Saints of God, one of the greatest hindrance that people are going through today is those that are being raised in the message. They feel that they are superior and they feel this and that. I was being raised in a message from the age 10 years old when I got baptized. But that didn't make me a believer. Hallelujah. is when you receive the Holy Ghost. And I come to realize, you know, it's lots of peer pressure around the realm of the message realm and these kind of things. And you know, you want to be a good boy to your parents and among the believers. And when you go outside, you want to be a you want to be just like them on the outside and even better. Hallelujah. And the devil will give you a special anointing because he wants to destroy your life. Amen. Hallelujah. And when we come to recognize what is happening and is the most hypocritical life you could live and is the worst life that you could ever think of when you don't make a full clearcut decision who you are and what you want to be because you want to please both sides and you're not even pleasing yourself and you're being caught in the middle of the whole thing and it's a miserable condition to be in. That is why we need to train up our children in the fear of the Lord in the way they ought to grow that when they of age they will not depart from the word of truth. Amen. Hallelujah. And only when you receive the Holy Ghost in your life, then you can live the way that God would have you to live. So saints of God, we want to thank God. It have its good and it have its bad. But there's nothing to boast about how we are being raised up, but make sure that we receive the Holy Ghost. We can born and die in the church. And if we don't receive the Holy Ghost, we are lost. Hallelujah. And that is nothing else but the truth. Praise his wonderful name. The power of God says in a message, do you now believe? Paragraph 33 says, "Now let me tell you something. Each man, although each man that's born again with the spirit of God in him is a miniature creator." He says, "Now that might shake you a little, but that's the truth." Hallelujah. We are in the image of God. God is a creator. Amen. That's the reason that you can believe that God could heal a person because God is in you. Amen. And God made this world. He just spoke it and his word became material. The very ground that you settling on is the word of God made manifest. Everything that is here, hallelujah, the very ground and places that we go is the very word of God being made manifest. Amen. If he didn't, where do he get it? See, he just spoke it and it turned into existence. He believed in his own word. And if a man is born of the spirit of God, he's an offspring of God. Amen. If you're born of God, you're an offspring of God. And if you're offspring of God, you have the very attributes of God. And if God is a creator, you also can create. Praise his wonderful name. And that part of God is in him. And he believes every word that God says will materialize. Amen. Hallelujah. See, and so that makes him part of God. The Holy Spirit in the man makes him a part of God. What make him a part of God? Is the Holy Spirit in him. So if we don't have the Holy Spirit, tell me, are we part of God? We just religious. Yeah, we just have an intellectual conception. But to be part of God, you need to have the true baptism of the Holy Ghost in your life. Hallelujah. Praise God. We don't want the anointing on upon body and upon a spirit. But we want the full anointing of God, a full baptism down into the depths of our soul that will make us live. Hallelujah. 1 Corinthians chapter 6 20. For we are bought with a price. Therefore, glorify God in your body and in your spirit which are God's. We are all bought with a price. Hallelujah. And there is no limit to the price. Amen. Because one soul is worth not 10,000 world but more than 10,000 world. Amen. So what price could you pay? We are priceless. Hallelujah. And we want to thank God. Hallelujah. that you know we come to realize that nothing can separate us from the love of God. Hallelujah. God is so good to his people that we come to recognize in this hour the word says love not the world or the things of the world because if you love the world and the things of the world the love of God is not inside of you. Hallelujah. So with all of this we got to come to realize saints of God we must have a love for God. If his nature is inside of you you will love God. Amen. Hallelujah. If you don't have to beg somebody to love somebody if love is in their heart. If you love God, nobody don't have to beg you to serve God or pat you on the back and try to woo you to come to service because the word said, "Forsake not the assembling of self." As a man of some as we see the day approaching, we ought to be in the house of God. And we're going to make the very effort. Hallelujah. To be in the house of God and stay with the word for the hour that we are living in. Hallelujah. So we come to realize do you realize the atmosphere that you dwell in you can influence somebody else. Yes sir. Our life can influence somebody. Do you know how many people might be looking at you? You slip up and do something wrong. Then you know the whole world will know something about you. So we got to be careful because if we create the wrong atmosphere we can lead people astray. Hallelujah. We can be a bad influence if we don't live the word of God. God don't want us to be professors. Hallelujah. But he want us to be possessors. But today you find a lot of people professing and professing and they don't possess anything. Hallelujah. You know it's like little boys, you know, used to go to school and their fellas come to school and they want to tell you how much money they have. So what they would do, they will take the daily newspaper and they will take it and they will cut it up like the size of the money and they're going to get a few dollars and back it this side and that side and fold it and put in their pocket. When they pull it out, you think they have a lot of money. Hallelujah. But when the time come for you to really buy something, they always broken. Hallelujah. But they always have to. They always the pockets are looking filled. And that is what is happening today. People talk too much. Hallelujah. But they live too little. Amen. Hallelujah. Is not speaking the gospel, but Paul is talking about about living the gospel. To me to live is Christ. Hallelujah. And we are being living epistle. The word says read and seen of all men. Hallelujah. So wherever we go, saints of God, we must be the very same that God would have us to be. As I said this morning, we is not putting on a show. Hallelujah. But it's to live the way that God would have you to live. Our God is not in show business. Hallelujah. God is not in theatricalism to put on all kind of show to make people feel good. Hallelujah. But God is God. He's a perfect God. And he tells us this is the way. Walk in it. Amen. Hallelujah. What more plainly do we want to have than what God has already provided and given to us? Men want to do something and feel that we can do things you know to make ourselves better but is what he had done for us. We come to realize is an unconditional faith covenant. Hallelujah. That God has provided is not what we can do but what God has already done. Amen. Hallelujah. The job has already done. So do you realize the atmosphere that you dwell in? If you can influence somebody else, what makes people act the way they do is because what makes the drunk likes to be with drunks as it says my my mother used to say of old proverb and I think is southern here to birds of a feather flock together because they have things in common. So when you see people having things in common is something is attracting them. Hallelujah. So the true of God will want to be with children of God having real true fellowship. Hallelujah. And we want to be the place that God would have us to be. Hallelujah. It says in divine love. Now we want to talk on facts. Now the reason is is because of the atmosphere that the individual himself or herself creates. Because you are a miniature creator. Because you are sons and daughters of God. That is why you are miniature creators. No matter, listen to this, no matter how far you stooped in sin, you're still sons and daughters of God because you're fallen, hallelujah, degenerated in your soul and mind. But God is your creator. And in your fallen estate, you are lost, undone, certain of God. Hallelujah. Or undone rather. creation of God dominated by the devil. That's right. But still, you are sons and daughters of God. With all of that, with all we have sinned and fall and come short, hallelujah, of the glory of God, we still are sons and daughters of God. He's not willing that any of you should perish, but all might come to repentance. See, and he's done everything that lays possible. For the only God himself could do this to give the opportunities to the creatures of his to accept and to be what he wants you to be back in your right estate again. With all that we have done, God is loving and he is merciful to give us the opportunity. Hallelujah. To be back in the right estate again. Amen. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Or look at a prodigal son when he came to a condition or a stage in his life. He felt that he was man enough to take what he had or what bel what belongs to him from his father and severely relationship and went off because he felt that he have enough and he went out. Hallelujah. But what happened? The time came he lost everything that he had and famine was upon the land. Every anytime you cut off from the lifeline of the word, hallelujah, you're done. And that is what is happening today. People have come so far that they have get so much revelation and they feel that they cannot stay with the word any longer that they have their own revel. They have their own thing. It's death. It's spiritual suicide when you cut relationship. Hallelujah. From the word for the hour. Amen. And that is what is happening today. Men are committing spiritual suicide and they don't even know what they're doing. Hallelujah. Because it's a deception. It's a delusion. A strong delusion upon the face of the earth that people are believing a lie. They're living a lie. Hallelujah. But God wants you to believe and live his word. Hallelujah. Not what we think and what we feel because the right atmosphere has to be created. And when people live in a wrong atmosphere, it's only death and confusion and doubt. That is why light has come. Hallelujah. To set everything in order. Hallelujah. Because we recognize that God, he is a God of order. Hallelujah. So we come to realize that he's not willing any should perish, but all might come to repentance. Hallelujah. Might come to repentance. See, and he's done everything that lays possible for only God and because of the love of God that God is giving us these opportunities. Hallelujah. That we could come and we can live the way that God would have us to live. Hallelujah. The prophet of God says, now here it is, and it's pretty sharp. He says, but listen to this. No person is in their right mental status until they have accepted the Lord Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. He says that's a deep word, but that's the truth. No person is mentally right until they have accepted Christ Jesus as their personal savior. He said that sound but it's the Bible. Certainly that is true. Hallelujah. That is the very truth because when Christ Jesus went across Hallelujah to the Gdara. Praise God. When Legion was there, he was out of his mind, he was unsung mind. But when Christ Jesus finished with him, hallelujah, then he was in his right mind. It's only when the word comes, it can bring you in your right mind. Only when the word comes, hallelujah, it will create the right atmosphere that we can live and dwell in. But as long as we not abiding in the word of God, we are in confusion and we are in darkness. But let us stay with the word of God. Hallelujah. 2 Corinthians chapter 5 17 tells us, "Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he's a new creature. Old things have passed away. Behold, all things are become new." Amen. Hallelujah. So we come to realize that if you are in Christ, God is calling us through the message of the hour. Hallelujah. To put us in a certain place that we could stand. Hallelujah. Because when he shall appear, we got to be just like unto him. We got to stay with a word for the hour. But what we find there's too much of people catching one another spirit in the world today. But we need to have the spirit of Christ. Hallelujah. The part of God said the people get one another spirit instead of getting the Holy Spirit. You go into a group of people and you watch the way that person acts and the then kind of people that come in that congregation. The first thing you know they act the same way. He says you add her. He said you take a good woman and a bad man and he will either she will either become good man or or bad woman. It's the atmosphere that you live in. You project to your associates what you are. Amen. Hallelujah. The atmosphere that you live in, you projectly associate what you are. Then what type of people ought we to be? If we are a Christian, what type of atmosphere should we live in? The part of God says this is very strong. Hallelujah. And we should think about this. What type of atmosphere should we live in? He said in a consoling, soothing, healing atmosphere we should live in with our hearts constantly in prayer with a deep love for every person we come in contact with. That is powerful. But that is the word of God. Hallelujah. We must be sincere in our hearts. Hallelujah. that the way we live, consoling, soothing, healing, a healing atmosphere we should live in that our hearts constantly in prayer with a deep love for every person we come in contact with. Saints of God, we ought to be in deep prayer and consecration. Could a man or woman go before God sincerely in prayer, hallelujah, praying for a brother or sister and come out with a wrong spirit? It can never happen. If it do happen, you are not in prayer and you're not consecrated. You're just probably saying a prayer. God don't want us to say a prayer, what it does come, it must come from the depths of our heart. Amen. Hallelujah. Because we come to realize, hallelujah, that whatever we do when you come in prayer and true consecration before God, when you come out, the part of God say it doesn't matter what a brother done you, no matter how wrong, and you know that he done you wrong. When you get into the presence of God and you bring him before God in prayer, you cannot think evil. Hallelujah. Why? Because there's the presence of God inside of you. Hallelujah. You see this message, saints of God, this whole message, this whole word to us is a message of reconciliation. Hallelujah. Praise his wonderful name. Because we're all lost and we all are a done. But God want the right atmosphere to be created that we could live in the grace and in the mercies of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. So when we now become sons and daughters of God. Hallelujah. What happened? The prophet of God said our disposition changes. Your attitude changes. We cannot live the very same again because now you're not living by your own self but you're living by the grace and the mercies of God. Hallelujah. Your attitude change you all. You look towards life and towards others change. It doesn't mean that you just have joined church. It means that you have been regenerated. You have become a new creation in Christ Jesus. That you have the old things have passed away and God has spoken to you and you have become a new creature. He says I want this to go way down even into church members. Amen. Look out the way the prophet of God put this. He says, "Then as you would love to be in the presence of Christ and you become a part of Christ, then people love to become in your presence because you become a part of God, son and daughter of God." And when you become that, hallelujah, let your life be salty. Let your life be worthy of this gospel that when people come into your presence, hallelujah, they can see Christ inside of you. Amen. They must not see a a personality, my personality or your personality. Hallelujah. When we preach the gospel, it must Christ Jesus must be on display. Amen. Hallelujah. That is why many people are afraid. Hallelujah. To serve to serve God because all they can see is man. Hallelujah. But we ought to see Christ Jesus being manifested in the very word. Amen. Hallelujah. Now you got to create an atmosphere. Your faith will do it. They were all he was talking here that they were all in the upper room with one accord when suddenly they came from heaven a sound of a rushing mighty wind. The atmosphere was right. It takes an atmosphere to do anything. So for us to receive hallelujah life in this hour. We need to be in one spirit. We need to be in one accord. Just like when the 120 they went up into the upper room, they had to wait on the presence of God. Hallelujah. Until they endured power from on high. saints of God. But it's a it's not easy to wait. It takes patience. It takes effort. It takes sacrifice. It takes a direction. Hallelujah. We when you're waiting on something, you must know what you're waiting on. If somebody just tell you to wait and they don't tell you the time. If it's if you know that there's something good you're waiting on, you don't mind the time. Hallelujah. But if it's something not worthwhile, you wouldn't want to waste any time. Hallelujah. But for you to receive the fullness of Christ, the baptism of the Holy Ghost in your life, he says, "Go into the upper room and wait until you be endued with power from on high." Hallelujah. So they waited one day, two day until they waited 10 days. Hallelujah. And when they wait, saints of God, then the presence of God came down. Hallelujah. And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost in their life. And saints of God, why? Because the right atmosphere was being created. Hallelujah. The proud of God says, "We are now in heavenly places. We are now in the power of the resurrection. If there wasn't a law to that, sons and daughters of God would create them a world out there and go live a private life on it." Because God made you a creator. Look at the power that he give to you. You have the power in you to do it. If you've got a shadow of the power of God in you, you got power to do it. God is omnipotent. Hallelu See what I mean? The power that's in you will make. You could speak a world into existence and go live on it. Hallelujah. There you are. That's what power is in the church now. Amen. But it is controlled by the law. Isn't that wonderful? Son's being led by the spirit. We cannot do what we feel like doing or what we want to do. Hallelujah. And the law is not keeping a bunch of commandments. It's a law of faith that Jesus said, "All things are possible to them that believe." And if you can believe it, whatever God will lead your soul to believe, that is yours. Every place that a soul of your foot can set upon by faith, God give it to you. Hallelujah. That's the word. It's yours. You possess it. If you can find a key to this law of faith that opens it to you, you see what I mean? The power is controlled. If you are sons, if you are a son of God, you are a daughter of God. That never leaves you. It's with you all the time. But your faith get away from it. But it's still there. If you're a son and daughter of God, you're always there. But what? You find yourself up and down sometime and you're not in the right position. Hallelujah. But you have to be in the right position. Hallelujah. So God wants us to get into the right position. And when you get into the right position, you'll see the manifestation of the life of Christ in your life. This time and season that we living in is a dangerous hour. We got to be careful of the atmosphere that we create. Hallelujah. Because we are miniature creator. We are little dynamos. Hallelujah. And we create an atmosphere around us. Amen. Hallelujah. And if you're in the light, walk in the light as he is in the light. Because when you're in the light, people can see you in the light. And whatever move you make, call, they can see. That is why we have to be careful. It's just like we are here. If you take off the light, you will not see me. Or if somebody is out in the darkness outside there, they can see all of us inside. Hallelujah. People in the darkness can see those that are in the light. And those who are in the light, you could hardly notice on the outside. What happens? It's just like sometimes you go into the jungles, you know, in South America to preach and when you see a gathering in front of you, you feel that that's all. But it surprises you that you don't see those on the outside. And there time when you should go on the outside and you look, you have more people on the outside than the people there. Some of them they will standing, they stand by trees like that. So, and you go when you go outside and you go with the light then you want to know well there's so much more outside of that little building than what is in the inside and they can see you and you know and sometime you pass them by and they say pastor well we hear your preaching and we're in the you never saw their you never see their faces. Hallelujah. So if you're in the light you got to be careful of what you say and what you do because every action you make it will be manifested. Amen. Hallelujah. So we come to rely saints of God. He called us to dress right, to walk right and to do everything that is right. Hallelujah. Because in this pathway we need to create the right atmosphere. Is just the other day we had a a ministering servant of God. He came along and he was giving us a little example. He says of a particular sister in the church, he had very long hair and then you know she go and cut her hair and the he went to her. He said what's the reason why did you cut your hair? She says she didn't had he said well come. And he took, you know, one of those machet he said, "Put your finger there." You know, he said, "What you going to do?" He said, "Well, look at your finger. They are not level. I'm going to level them for you." He said, "No, no, it's going to hurt." He says, "Well, when you cut your hair, you're hurting God." Amen. So, what an example. Because when you look at your fingers, they're not level. But you don't want to go, "Well, my fingers not level. I'm going to level them off." You're going to feel, but your hair now it's in a such a way you say, "Well, you're going to level it." And you may not feel it. But he says well when you do that you're hurting God. So and then you have younger people they come and they look at you and they see what you're doing. You see that is why the right atmosphere is need to be created. Amen. Praise God. Coming down. He says apply it. Create the right create that atmosphere around you that it'll just drop right in it. See he says if you got the token he says if you got the token you create a spirit around you. Amen. A power that when you walk, people know you are a Christian. You don't have to tell people what you are, but your life, something inside of you is ringing out that people can see the life of Christ. They love for you to say something to them. Isn't that so? You go places, it might be not even believers, but they just want you to tell them something that will brighten up the day. You know why? Because you're a little dynamo. You are creator is that spirit that is inside of you. Hallelujah. The love for you to say something to them. They believe your word. What you say, they hold on to it. See, that's it. So, as ministers, we got to be careful what we say and how we live because people hold on to your word. Whatever you tell people, they will want to do. But make sure that you lead them in the right direction. God didn't call us to give direction and and examples like the scribes and the Pharisees because they did things what they feel and they always feel that they're obligated to give men an answer which they themselves never have the answer for. That is why Pharisees are being called hypocrites. Hallelujah. Because they will tell people things that they don't even know themselves. Hallelujah. But we want to thank God for a prophet. He was honest. And if he didn't have an answer for something, he going to tell you. But before he finish, hallelujah. God will give him the answer for the question. Hallelujah. Because for many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. Hallelujah. Finally, apply the token. Then walk with it. Claim your household. You must do it. Ben, now this is evening time. Now you've been listening a long time. Now this is evening time. It's applying time now. The wrath will strike one of these days. It might be too late then. See, apply the token with confidence. Saints of God. This is time. Hallelujah. The death angel will pass. Hallelujah. So if the right atmosphere is being created, saints of God, it will be a soothing, welcoming atmosphere that a presence of God can come and anybody comes your way, they're going to recognize the presence of God. And the word say wherever the presence of God is, there is liberty. Hallelujah. So saints of God, we need to create the right atmosphere by the grace of God. Let us all stand together. Praise God. And praise his wonderful name. Hallelujah. Praise God. To be like Jesus. To be like Jesus. Father, I long to be like him all through my jour. [Music] [Music] to be like Jesus. To be like Jesus on earth I long to be like him. All through life journey from earth to glory. I only have to be like him. To be like Jesus. Hallelujah. to be like [Music] Jesus [Music] [Applause] earth all through life journey [Music] earth to glory I Holy be [Music] like Jesus. He'll be like Jesus. On earth I long to be like him. All through life journey from earth to glory. I only ask to be like him. Truly God is good. He is so faithful. Amen. Amen. Let there be light. Amen. Surely the Lord light the darkness can't stay in the light. We It was just amazing. I just thought about it when he started out, you know, how often time we want God to do something on the inside. But the first thing first before he can do anything, he must separate the darkness from the light. Amen. And when that darkness is separated or dispelled, Amen. then God can do a work. Is that right? Amen. So, we appreciate the Lord Jesus Christ. We're not going to prolong the time the word of God is is is uh more than words can express. Amen. We really appreciate everything that's been said and done. Amen. We just thank God for being so merciful to us. Amen. To uh just give us a wonderful word uh during our time, our brother's time being here. And uh we appreciate everything God has done. Let's just give God a round of applause. Amen.
