################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-08 - The Spoken Word  Speak And Go Forward  Min. SamBlessing Chesa  50725 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-08
Title:   The Spoken Word // Speak And Go Forward // Min. SamBlessing Chesa  5/07/25
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WAZwEwlXQA
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
So he's so good to me. Oh, I love him. So I love him so I love him so he's so good to me. I love him so. Hallelujah. I love him so I love him so he's so good to me. Amen. Let's sing the song. uh when you reach down his hand for me. Once my soul was a stray from the heavenly way above gave me peace Joy and love when he reached down his hand for me. Once my soul was a stray from the heavenly way. I was wretched and vile as could be. Then my savior above gave me peace, joy and love when he reached down his end for me. when he reached down his end for me. [Music] and he reached down his end for me. I was lost and undone without God and his son when he reached down his hand for me. Oh, I was nearing despair when he came to be there and he told me that I could be free. Then he lifted my feet. Gave me glory complete when he reached down his end for me. Oh when he reached down his end for me. [Music] Oh, when he reached down his end for me, I was lost and undone without God or his son. when he reached down his end for [Music] me. How my heart does rejoice since I made Christ my choice. From the tempest to him. Now I [Music] flee. Now I lean on his arm. I'm secure from all harm. Since he reached down his end for me. Oh, when he reached down his end for [Music] me. When he reached down his end for me. I was lost and undone without God or his son. When he reached down his end for [Music] me. Oh, since the Lord gave me peace, heavenly joy never cease. Lord, I give all my life unto thee. Guide my feet, hold my hand, grant with thee I may stand. When he reached down his end for me. Oh, when he reached down his end for me. [Music] When he reached down his head for me, I was lost and undone without God or his son. When he reached down his hand, one more time. When he reached When he reached down his end for [Music] peace. When he reached down his end for [Music] me. I was lost and undone without God. his son when he reached down his hand for [Music] me. Amen. What do we go to prayer? Let's bow together before the Lord. Heavenly Father, we come to you again, Lord. And Lord, we just thank you so much, Lord, for your love, Lord, that we feel every day. We thank you, Lord, for the word, Lord. And we thank you that it is living, a living word, Lord, and that you live within us, Lord. We thank you so much, Lord, facts and promises, Lord. that you got a hold of us, Lord, in our life because you chose us before the foundations of the world. Lord, we just thank you so much. And Lord, we it says that they will know us by the love we have for one another. Lord, manifest that love among us, Lord. And not only us, but the bride worldwide, Lord. And Lord, we just thank you for getting us here safely, Lord. We all have needs in our hearts, Lord. Please, Lord. You already know them, Lord. And we just, Lord, ask that you would, Lord, grant us those those needs and the things that, Lord, we we want for our spiritual life, especially, Lord, to be closer to you, Lord. And we just thank you for those that are watching via the internet. We know that there's brothers and sisters out there. And Lord, we ask that you will minister to them, Lord, as well as us. Lord, anoint the speaker tonight, Lord. Lord, we just thank you, Lord, that Lord, we we serve a living savior, a living God. And Lord, we thank you that the world when the world is getting so negative that you help us to be positive, Lord. And we that people will see that and wonder Lord what Lord where that comes from and that we might be a witness to that and we thank you Lord for jobs and Lord provisions that you provide every day thank you for the music thank you for songs of praise and the song leader and we pray that you will bless the rest of the service in your name the name of the Lord Jesus Christ amen Praise is what I do. Amen. Praise is what I do. When I want to be close to you, I lift my hands in praise. Praise is who I am. I will praise him while I can. I bless him at all times. One more time. Praise is what I do. Praise is what I do. When I want to be close to you, I lift my hands in praise. Praise is who I am. I will praise him while I can. I bless him all time. I vow to praise you for the good and the bad. I praise you whether happy or sad. I praise you in all that I go through because praise is what I do cuz I owe it all to you. Praise is what I do. Even when I'm going through, I've learned to worship [Music] you. Though my circumstance doesn't even stand a chance, my praise outweighs the bad. Oh, I vow to praise you for the good and the bad. I praise you whether happy or sad. I praise you in all that I go through because praise is what I do. Cuz I owe it all to [Music] you. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, cuz all my life you have been faithful. Yes, you have. Cuz all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh my life, all my life, oh all my life, you have been so good. All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am made. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I love your voice. You have led me through the fire and in darkest nights. Lord, you are close like no other. I've known you as a [Music] father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. Oh my life, all my life, you have been faithful. Oh yes, you are. All my life, you have been so good. Every breath that I am made, oh I will sing of the goodness of God one more time. Oh, all my life, all my life you have been faith. So Lord, oh my life, all my life, you have been so so good. Every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I'm surrender now. I give you everything. [Music] Your goodness is running after. It's running after me, oh Lord. Your goodness, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness. Oh, it's running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I'm surrendered now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Cuz all my life you have been [Music] faithful. Cuz all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh yes, I will sing of the goodness of God. Amen. We walk in the light. Amen. All ye of life proclaim Jesus the light of the world. Oh life and mercy in his name. Jesus the light of the world. Oh we walk in. We walk in the light. Such a beautiful light. We walk where the two drops of mercies are bright. Oh, shine all around us. By day and by night, Jesus the light of the Oh, sense we walk in. We walk in the light, a beautiful light. Oh, walk where the two jobs of mercies are bright. Oh, shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Oh, here the Savior's earth is called Jesus the light of the world. Oh, send the gospel truth to all. Jesus the light of the Oh, we walk in. We walk in the light. Such a beautiful light where the two drops of mercy are bright. Oh, shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of one more time. We will walk with walking the light. A beautiful light. We walk where the do drops of mercy are bright. Oh, it shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Why not seek him then today? Jesus the light of the world. Oh go with truth the narrow way. Jesus the light of the Oh yes we will walk in the light. Such a beautiful light. Oh walk where the two jobs of mercy are bright. Oh, shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of Oh yes, we will walk. We walk in the light, a beautiful light. will walk where the true jobs of mercy or pride shine all around us by day and by time. Jesus the light of the world. Come confess him as your king. Jesus the light of the world. Then the bells of heaven will ring. Jesus the light of the world. Oh, we will walk. We walk in the light. Such a beautiful light. We'll walk where the two drops of mercy are bright. Oh, shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of one more time. We We walk. We walk in the light. Such a beautiful light. We walk where the jewels of mercy are bright. Oh, shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus to light up. One more time we will walk in the light. Beautiful light. The two jobs of mercy are pride. Oh, shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Oh, we're marching to Zion. Oh, beautiful, beautiful, Zion. We're maring upward to Zion. the beautiful city. Oh, we're maring, marching to Zion, the beautiful Zion. We're marching upward to Zion, the beautiful city of God. Come we that love the Lord and let our joys be known. Join in a song with sweet gold. Joining a song with sweet gold and dust surround the throne and dust surround. Oh, cuz we're maring maring into all the beautiful Zion. We are maring upward to Zion, the beautiful city of God. Let those who refuse to sing, who never knew our God, but children of the heavenly king, but children of the heavenly king may speak their joys abroad may speak their joy. Oh yes, we marching on to Zion the beautiful Zion to Zion. The beautiful we are maring. We are maring to Zion. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. We are marching upwards the beautiful among to Zion. Beautiful, beautiful. We are marching upward Zion the beautiful city of God. Amen. Let us just bow hands before we go. Dear gracious heavenly father, we thank you for bringing us in this place of Jesus Christ after this busy week going on, brushing our shoulders with the devils, but we have come in a place of refreshment in your house knowing that it's your it's in this place, oh God, that you never ever miss an appointment. Lord, your children have put aside everything they could have been doing this Wednesday night, so they could come here to hear you speak to them. I pray, oh Lord, that you speak with them mouth to ear this evening, oh God. Lord, forgive us and purge us of all our trespasses, anything might displease you or try to hinder the flow of your spirit because all we want to do is please you and serve you. Oh God, we pray oh God that you come and give uncction to these words. May you activate your word so that it might become living in our lives. God so that it might become a reality. You put the whole service into your hands. Jesus Christ might name we pray. Believe me. Amen. Whilst we are standing, let us open our Bibles to the book of Exodus. Exodus in chapter 14. Amen. If you are there, you can say amen. I hope no one is looking for Exodus in the New Testament. That's the book that right comes after Genesis. Amen. read Exodus in chapter 14 starting from verse 10. The Bible reads, "And when Pharaoh drew nigh, the children of Israel lifted up their eyes, and behold, the Egyptians marched after them, and they were so afraid, and the children of Israel cried out unto the Lord. And they said unto Moses, "Because there were no graves in Egypt, has thou taken us away to die in the wilderness? Wherefore hast thou dealt uh thus with us to carry us forth out of Egypt? Is it not the word that we did tell thee in Egypt, saying, "Let us alone, for we may serve the Egyptians, for it had been better for us to serve the Egyptians, than that we shall die in the wilderness. And Moses said unto the people, "Fear ye not. Stand still and see the salvation of the Lord, which he will show to you today. For the Egyptians whom you have sinned today, ye shall see them again, no more forever. And the Lord shall fight for you, and he shall hold your peace. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Wherefore cryst thou unto me, speak unto the children of Israel that they go forward? Amen. May the Lord add blessings to the reading of his word. You may take our seats. I mean for a short while this this evening I want to speak on the spoken word and for a subtitle I want to speak on um speak and go forward. Amen. Our title is the spoken word. suble subtitle is speak and go forward. Amen. So in the Bible, in the Bible passage we read in Exodus, we see the children of Israel were being delivered and they were on their way out of Egypt and they were all excited and happy that finally we are coming out of bondage. [Music] But as they were going, they did not know where they they didn't know what their path was looking like. And they came across a stumbling block. There was a deterrent right in front of them and they didn't know what to do. They started crying but they forgot that this was a promise that God had given their father Abraham. Hallelujah. Because he told Abraham that your children shall go into bondage. But after 400 years I will deliver them. And this was the appointed time that God had appointed for the children of Israel to be delivered. So he was so they were they were stuck. They didn't know which way to go. And God told Moses, "You speak the word. Why are you crying to me? Speak the word. speak unto the children of Israel so that they can go forward. And this spoken word, it was rooted and standing on the promise he had given to father Abraham. And we serve a God would never ever break his promise. So whatever promise he made to you, he's going to bring it to come to pass. And we know we are spiritual Israel. Hallelujah. So when you see what God was doing for Israel in the Bible, you look at it and you say, "The way you dealt with them, you can deal with me." So the same way he kept his promise to natural Israel, he can keep his promise to you spiritual Israel. Amen. So if you are faced with a trial whilst you in God's promise, God is responsible. God is responsible to bring you to your destination. despite what obstacle might stand in your way. So he gave his spoken word promise to Abraham and he made it come to pass. Why? Because the spoken word has power. In the beginning when God created the heavens and the earth, he says, "Let there be light. And the spoken word that he spoke had enough power to create light. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So it doesn't matter how much darkness is in your [Music] life. When the Lord God speaks in your life, all darkness has to dispel. That's the power of the spoken word. And we know that the word before it is spoken it is a thought. Before any word becomes a word at first it is a thought. So a thought is a word expressed. So the spoken word is the thoughts of God expressed. Before God was God, while he was elohim, whilst he was the self-existing one, he had thoughts on his back part of his mind. And you were his thought. Remember what he told to Jeremiah. Before you were formed in your mother's womb, I knew you. So, he was already on uh God's thoughts before he was born. And the Bible tells us that we were predestinated before the foundation of the world. Let there be light. You were already on the back part of his mind. Amen. Amen. So, you were already in God's thoughts. You were God's thoughts. And we know God came and he created Adam and Eve. And when he put them on the earth, he told them to replenish and multiply. But he wanted them to bring forth children through the spoken word. He never intended them to reproduce or replenish the earth through sex. But they followed their own will and left God's will and there was the fall. But God's in But God's intention was for them to produce children by the spoken word. Amen. Amen. So when the fall happened, that's when everyone else came. We were born through the fall. But God, he still wants you to have the same image you had before the foundation of the world. the same way he had you in his thoughts. So this flesh is supposed to become the word [Music] because you were a thought and you were supposed to become the spoken word. And the only way that your flesh or yourself can become the word is when you read the word of God. When you eat the word of God. So that the thought that God had you was the thought of God. You can become the word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So in the Bible that we read from Genesis all the way to Revelation, God put in mysteries in the form of types and shadows. And in these types and shadows, they're all talking about you and me. And when you go to look into those shadows and you see yourself and recognize yourself in the word of God, then you start becoming the word. Hallelujah. Cuz in the whole Old Testament, the Old Testament is full of types and shadows. When you see the children of Israel, you see yourself. When you see Eve, you see yourself. When you see Ruth, the gentile bride, you see yourself. What was that? That was the mysteries of God. He put in the Bible so that they can be revealed to you. And the moment you start seeing yourself in the word, you start becoming the word. Remember, we become what we eat. And the bride was told to eat the book. So when you start eating the book, you start becoming what you are eating. And you start becoming the word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's why when every time when we come to church, we are looking ourselves in the mirror of the word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do you remember the story of that little boy who went to go look at himself in the mirror? He had never seen a mirror before. But then he stood right in front of that mirror and he started waving. He saw the image in the mirror waving back at him. He started jumping up and down. And he saw that image jumping up and down as well. He had never seen this before. But when he saw it, he says, "Mama, that is me." Because there is nothing else that can look like me but me. So when you look yourself into the word of God, when you look yourself in the mirror of the word of God, There is nothing else that you will see but yourself. And when you start seeing yourself, you start becoming the word of God and accepting it for your life. And when you receive the word of God, you are supposed to say amen. Amen means so be it. When you say so be it, you're saying Lord let your word have effect in my life. Remember when Mary got visited by the angel Gabriel Gabriel and she was told that you are going to receive a baby. She says I don't understand what you're saying. It doesn't scientifically make sense. But nevertheless, let it be unto me according to your word. In other words, she was saying, "Amen." And when she said, "Amen." Amen. That's when God started working within her. Hallelujah. So, we know Mary conceived the word and she gave birth to Jesus. But with the bride in the last day, We are not just supposed to conceive the word, but we are supposed to become the word. When you eat that word, you become the word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, we see ourselves in the taps and shadows in the Bible. And in the scripture we read, we're looking at the children of Israel being delivered out of Israel, out of Egypt. And this was God keeping his promise he had given 400 years ago. To me, this is proof enough. God stands on his promise. God, he stands on his word. Whatever promise he made in your life, It has to come to pass. When those 400 years were up, there is nothing that could stop the children of Israel from coming out. So we know we saw God, he kept his promise. So when each and every one of us are born, God gives you each and everything that you need for the journey here on earth. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. In what Christ speaks, Moses was born in this world and a gifted boy. He was born to be a prophet, a deliverer. He was born with the equipment born in him. As every man that comes into the world is born with this equipment. As I firmly believe in the fornowledge of God and predestination. [Music] So Moses was born already with everything he needed to be a deliverer. So when he came out to step into the calling that God for had for him. It wasn't trying and [Music] failing or trial and error to see if it works. But it was it was something that God had already put within him. So you God has already put something in you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Whatever you need to overcome, God has already put it within you. The victory that you need, God has already put it in you. The equipment that you need to be victorious in this life is already in you. Because there's every man that comes into the world is already born with this equipment. And God has got a promise, has got a purpose of you being here. If you can only be get to that place, how much trouble you save God and yourself too. So you are not just born to eat, live and die. God has already given you a purpose. And whatever you need for that purpose, God has already put it within you. If you are a singer, God already made you to have that gift within you. If you are supposed to play a a piano, God already has a put that gift within you. So you don't have to struggle. Hallelujah. And if you are meant to be a bride of Christ, he has already put that seed within you. And you already have a purpose of being his bride. And there is nothing that can stop you from fulfilling your purpose because he has already put it in you. Amen. Amen. Moses was commissioned and anointed. And when God commisss you and anoints you, he doesn't let you to go alone. He comes with you. Remember when he gave the disciples the commission, he had to come back as the Holy Ghost to come and live in the disciples and do the works through them. So when God gives you a commissions and calls you to do something, he is the one who's going to do it in you. Hallelujah. So don't try to do it yourself or to do it in your own accord, but you have to do it God's way. just like we saw he did he did with Moses. And you see Moses spoke and he he spoke and the Red Sea was open and the children of Israel went through after some time when they were in the wilderness. They forgot that God is a God of the spoken word. And he had told them that why are you crying? All you need to do is speak. God is telling you the same thing this evening. Why are you crying about your problem? Why are you crying about your trials? Why are you crying that I don't have enough money? Why are you crying? My relations are not going well. Why are you crying? Speak the word. Amen. And when when they were children of Israel were in the wilderness, they were lacking water. They didn't have any water. And God told Moses. He says, "Take the rod and gather the assembly together. Thou and Aaron thy brother, and speak ye unto the rock before their eyes, and it shall give forth his water, and thou shalt bring forth to them water out of the rock, and thou shalt give the congregation and their beasts. And we know that this rock is Christ. The prophet of God told us that this rock is Christ. So whatever you need from Christ, whatever you need from Jesus, whatever you need God to do in your life, get up, stop crying, and wipe your tears away. And you speak to the rock. Amen. Amen. He is not a god who is deaf but he is a god who will hear you when you pray. He said if my people who are called by my name if they humble themselves and pray he says I will hear from heaven. Amen. And he will hear and he will heal your land. So whatever that is that you are praying for just kneel down and pray and speak to the rock and I can guarantee you the rock will give you water and it will come life out of it because he never ever fails. At the Red Sea he told Moses speak the word. Why are you crying? I gave you the promise. You speak. And here they come at the rock again and they they're looking for water. You're saying go ahead. I told you you speak. Amen. And we know the first thing he did in the first Exodus. He'll do it in the second and in the third. We are in the third Exodus. Brother, sister, speak to the rock and he will give you your heart's desires because he never ever fails. He is the God of the again. If he did it before, he can do it again. If he did it for the children of Israel, he can do it again. We don't worship a historical God. We don't worship a god from 4,000 BC. We don't worship a god of 1963. But we worship a God of today who told me that if I speak to the rock, he will give me his waters because he is a covenant keeping God. Before Moses went to Egypt at that burning bush, he he was he was talking to and he says, "Lord, who am I going to say has sent me? and he says Moses was expecting a name. He was expecting a name. He says, "Who who sent me?" But God said, "You say I am. That is that is my name." What does I am mean? He did not say I was or I will be. He says I am. Because God does not dwell in time. He lives out of time. He is in eternity. So yesterday he is still I am. Today he is still I am. Tomorrow he is still I am. And I am is a covenant name he gave the children of Israel. And he gave them a covenant name. I am means becoming. That's all it means. It means becoming. Why didn't he give them a specific name? [Music] Because he was telling them whatever you need I can become that. When you need water I am your water. When you need healing I am your healer. When you need salvation I am your savior. So he didn't restrict himself to one thing. He says I am that I am. So this evening he can be I am to you too. He says I am Jehovah Gyra. What does that mean? He can provide each and every need. He says I am Jehovah shalom. Shalom. What is he? He is your peace. He says, "I am Jehovah, the Lord, my banner." Hallelujah. He says, "I'm Jehovah Shama." So, he is my friend when my other friends walks out. He is the friend that sticks right by me. Because my Bible tells me that he is the friend that stickketh closer than a brother. call on I am. He will come to your rescue. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So whenever they needed anything, they had to remember that he is I am something. But now in the New Testament they say you don't have to remember all those names. You don't have to start remind Jara, is it Shalom, is it Rafa? You just have to call on the name of Jesus because Jehovah of the Old Testament is Jesus of the New Testament. So Jehovah Jehovah shalom Jehovah Jehovah shalom shall call on Jesus. Hallelujah. He's bridge over water. He's a bridge over water. [Music] He's the doctor in the sick room. I'm thirsty. Food when I'm hungry. He is my lawyer in my courtroom. Hallelujah. He's the one who intercedes for you. He is the lily of the valley. He's the bright and morning star. He is my everything. Hallelujah. Why? Because Jesus is sovereign. Whatever he says, he has the final say. Sovereign means he has the final say. Each and everyone of us in here can have a saying. But the person who has the final say is what we call sovereign and the person who sovereign whatever they say it has the final say no one can come and overturn it or try to contest it. Hallelujah. So our God Jesus he is sovereign. People may have a say on your life. They might have thoughts about your life, but my Jesus has the final. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So I don't have to worry what I'm going through. Or what's coming or what's not coming. I just have to speak to the rock. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You can say, "My Christian life is dried out. Speak to that rock. Amen. He will bring you back joy. He will bring you back peace. You are going through depression to that rock. You are going through lack. Speak to that rock. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Because he will give you what you need to accomplish the purpose that you have in your life. Remember, if you look in the shadows and the taps of the Bible, you will see yourself and you will see that you have a purpose and God has a purpose in your life. And when you are anointed for a job, there is nothing that can stand before you. And there is no one who can accomplish your purpose more than yourself because no one can be you better than you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So that is your superpower. Your superpower is me. When you are anointed, God will come and take care of you. David was anointed to be a king. when he was anointed, he was a shepherd boy. And when God sent the prophet Samuel to go find the next king, Samuel, he said, "Bring all your sons." And they brought all the different sons. When the first first son came, they try to pour all Second, third, fourth, fifth, oil could not come out all the way to the seventh. Oil could not come out. Samuel asked and says, "Are you sure there is no other one?" And Jesse David's father was like, "Um, oh, there's this one little boy who David's own father had not even considered him. But God had conceded him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And when David came up that oil ran out of that horn and he anointed him, no one can take your place. It doesn't matter even if you are the last one to come in. They can interview 300 people for that job. If that job is meant to be yours for you, the blessing has got your name on it. You can say, "I'm re I'm running behind time in life. [Music] I was supposed to do this five years ago. What's yours is yours. No one can take it away from you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So your anointing is yours. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. In what Christ speaks, David knew he was anointed. and was a vindicator to be a good shot. He was a good shot. Good shot. He was good at aiming. He know that. He know that. They know he was a good shot. David was anointed. When he stood before Goliath, he never cried, "Oh God, what must I do now?" [Music] He said, "I know what you did in the times past. You let me kill a bear. You let me kill a lion. But what about this Goliath out here? He never did that. He didn't start whining. He just spoke. What did he say? He just said, "You will be like they were." He spoke the word. He didn't start crying. What was he depending on? You know, he was anointed. It says he never prayed a prayer. He never offered nothing. He knew he was anointed. He was anointed. And that slingshot had proved that right kind of a thing. He had faith in his anointing. And he had faith that God could direct that rock right straight in the middle of the helmet. [Music] Hallelujah. He knew that he had faith in his anointing. So he knew he was anointed to be king. There is nothing that was going to kill David until he became king. There is no lion that could kill David until he became king. David, there's no bear that could kill David until he became David. So he knew that one way or the other was going to overcome Goliath. He was trusting in his anointing. He was trusting in his purpose. So your purpose and your anointing is your protection. not going to die until you have accomplished God's will. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God says you will never stay 5 minutes long on this earth after what you needed to do. So long you have breath in your body. You know that your purpose is protecting you. Your anointing is protecting you. Nothing is going to happen to you until you have accomplished your purpose. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So my Bible tells me that David ran. He ran towards Goliath. He wasn't hiding. He wasn't ducking. But he ran because he knew he had the victory. faith in his anointing. So if you have faith in your anointing this evening, go fight your enemy. You are going to win because you've been anointed to be the bride in this end time. And we have been promised to be victorious over the enemy. So whatever you are going through, just sling it to the enemy. Sling until you overcome. Sling that slingshot until you get your breakthrough. Sling it until you get healed. Sling until you get set free. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Because you have an anointing. under that anointing. All you just have to do, brother, sister, speak the word. Because remember the spoken word has authority. All these things we are talking about. They happen so God could show you and me that when you speak the word, he will act on it. When Moses spoke the word, the sea was open. When he spoke to the rock, the water came out. When Joshua spoke to the son, the son had to stand still. When David spoke to Goliath, Goliath had to be defeated. Speak the word this evening. It has to be defeated over standing in front of you. It has to be open because for each and every trial. The Bible tells me that there is an open door and that open door is Jesus because he says I am the way. So all these examples was not for just a showing you and me. If you use the spoken word, he will come to your rescue. And this the last day and we know God came down and he told his prophet and his prophet was hunting. He was looking for squirrels and God came to him and he says, "What do you need?" He says, "I have I have no game." He says, "Pardon this, but it's coming up in me." I got to say it. You said, "It was he that said that they have the inside that woods. You have no gain. And he created three squirrels standing there before us. What is it? Just speaking the word. And he says, "I want one right over there." And him saying, "I want one over there." It created that scroll. And he shot it. And he says, "I want another one over there." And he shot it. He says, "I want one right over there." And he shot it. What was God doing? It's not just a show. It was showing you. If you yield and to if you yield yourself to God, you can use the spoken word. And we know that this happened twice. A year later, God came again to brother Brandon. He created squirrels again. It was not a coincidence. It was not a mistake. When anything happened twice, we know two is a witness. Hallelujah. It happened twice. Sister, you have the same power too to speak your squirrels. You might say, "I don't eat squirrels." I know what you have been praying for. I know what you've been praying for. You speak and go forward. God will take care of the rest. And we know that this was the onset of the third pool ministry ministry is not for the [Music] denominations is for the bride of Christ for you and me. What is it about? Speak and go for what? And the prophet of God, he came and he started giving the testimony amongst brothers talking about how the voice came to him and tell told him to to say there was that was in Hati Wright's house and he says for the first time this ever happened upon a human being was a little humble woman. This was the first time the third pool was being in action amongst humans that it's not just for out there to be creating spir in the nature. But it is for you to speak your heart's desires. And we know the prophet of God, he asked it, right? He says, "What's your heart's desire?" And she was right there. She started thinking. And he says, "Well, you have your sister who's in the wheelchair. She can't be healed. You you need money. you can speak. God can give you a million dollars. But she wasn't thinking about all that. Her heart of her mother, she started thinking about her two boys and she said, "I want the salvation of my two boys." And the prophet of God says, "I give them to you." What was that? It was the spoken word in effect. And it was God's promise to pass. Those two boys, they left what they were doing and came and ran and they knelt there and they gave their life to God. So the third pool is not only for you alone, but you can use it on your loved ones too. You can claim that. brother, sister, spouse, you can speak the word and God will bring them because the spoken word is for you to use. The prophet of God had a vision and he saw he saw a snake. A ma I'll read it right through. He says about two three months ago. I was standing in the room. I heard a voice speaking in the corner. I tried to wake my wife to look at it. There is been uh on it's been going on is going before. There was a hideous thing standing there at the bed accusing me. I had seen a big mamba running. So that's an African snake and he was trying to kill people and I was after my brother. So the prophet of God was here in a vision. He sees a big mama that was running after the people. One of the top five most venomous snake they are. And the prophet was here and he started crying. He says, "God, what can I do about this snake?" Here's what God told him. You've been given power to bind him. Be of good courage. He says, I spoke to him and his tail went up in the air and whirled around just like this picture handle there and choked himself to death and that blue smoke flew out of him. with a spoken word he spoke and that snake was destroyed. It says there's nothing poisonous as a [Music] ma and the snake of course represents sin deaths. So the snake he was seeing in the vision, it was representing sin and death that was trying to come after the bride of Christ. But he says, "And I said, Satan, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I bind you." And the serpent of blue smoke flew out of it and he curled up and made that like an S. S capital S made backwards which is like an N sign and means the sign the end sign he says it means bind this one or anything below him because he was the worst cuz he was the worst. The snake was the most venomous snake. There's nothing more venomous than Satan. There's nothing more venomous but death. And God pays a particular attention to detail. That snake didn't go into a letter C. It didn't go into a letter A. But it formed the the sign end. And the prophet of God tells us that end means bind this one or anything below him. [Music] Because he was the worst. So when he spoke the word Satan in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ that was after the bride was bound. Sin and death have no power over you. He says bind this one or anything below you. There's nothing higher than death. You know sin is death. Anything that is below death is bound as well by the spoken word. So when you speak the spoken word, you can bind cancer. You can bind a headache. You can bind diabetes. Because remember, you have a commission. The bride is supposed to prophesy again. What does again mean? Doing what has already been done before. Death and sin was bound. Death and sin was destroyed. So you can overcome sin too. You can overcome death too. Why? Using the spoken worden word has power to destroy your enemy. The spoken word has enough power to destroy sin in your life. I'm tired of this sinful life. Dirty habits word. God will give you the victory because everything from death going backwards. It was bound. It does not have any authority. Amen. So when you speak things happen you have authority because the authority comes from from the word of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The Messiah, the prophet of God says he comes upon his church in the last day, what will it be? A pulled out people, a group of people anointed with the spirit of God. They will be messiahs, small messiahs. They will be anointed. And if his spirit is in them, they'll do the things that he did just exactly. So you are a small messiah. And you can do the exact same thing that the capital M messiah did. His holy spirit is in you. They'll do the things that he did just exactly something different but exactly the same. The power that was in God was poured into Christ. The power that was in Christ was poured in the church. The same power that is was in the Messiah is in the Messiah. This evening I was looking up what Messiah means in Hebrew. And in Hebrew it means it's messiah. Mashiach and it means anointed one. And in Hebrew says it refers to a person chosen by God for a specific role. So you are not chosen randomly. You are a messiah for a specific role like a king like a priest or a prophet. So you being a messiah you have a role to be a king. What does a king do? A king has authority. You have been called to be a priest. What does a priest do? He goes to God to intercede. For his sins and the sins of the people. And what does a prophet do? A prophet prophesies. And we see right this in the word revelation 16 he says and he hath made us kings and priests unto God his father not just for fun for his glory to him be glory and dominion forever and ever a messiah to be a king priest and prophet Revelation is telling us he has made us kings and priests. What do kings do? Kings they speak because they have authority and when they speak things have to happen in revelation 10 chapter 10 and I took a little book out of the angel ate it up. It was in my mouth sweet as honey. And as soon as I eaten it, my belly was bitter. John, who represents the bride, and he said unto me, thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nations and tongues. So we see those three roles of a messiah. priest, king and prophet. We are called to prophesy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Where do you get the power from? Remember, you eat the spoken word. You became you become what you eat. When you eat that little book, you eat that word. You become the word and you say is the prophet got in the talk and he says it has to be because woman and husband become one. They become one and so does the bride and Christ become one. The ministry of the bride and the ministry of Christ is the same. choose. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So he is the Messiah. You are the Messiah. The ministry of king priest and [Music] prophet in you. And he says remember this former treat is all theophilus. All that Jesus be to do and continues to do. All that Jesus was doing, his death didn't stop him. So he returned again, not as a third person. The same person returned again in the form of the Holy Ghost. Why? He came back as the Holy Ghost to continue the work and it continues on. Hallelujah. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. The same works he was doing on the shores of Galilee. You can do the same thing too because he the Holy Ghost, he is in you doing it. So you have a ministry similar to that of Christ in the seven church ages. He says, "So when a spirit born, spiritfilled man in faith, he takes that faith, he he takes uh in faith takes that word into his heart and places it upon his lips. Why? That is the same as deity speaking. Every mountain has to move. Satan cannot stand before that man. So when you receive the Holy Ghost, you are not receiving just a spirit, you are receiving Christ himself. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And the word of God is telling me when you have the spirit of Christ in you, when you start speaking, The spoken word the same power as if Jesus is speaking the same as deity is speaking he is within you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'll finish off in the seven church ages vision don't fear little flock all that I am you are heir to this evening all that I am to Jesus was to the whole kingdom of heaven So he's telling you that you are to that as well. You are to the power. You are to the power of resurrection. You are to the power of overcoming sin. To the power of overcoming all sin to the power of overcoming death, hell and the my power is yours. Omnipotence is yours. You are omnipotent. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He says is yours as I stand in your midst. Bring fear and failure. The word of God didn't bring fear. Every time the angel of God stepped down in the Bible and in the ministry of the prophet, what was his word? So the word of God dispels all fear. So you don't got to fear your enemy. You don't got to fear the trials that's going to come your way to all of God's power. I didn't come to bring fear and failure. to me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's Jesus speaking to you this power is given to me death, hell, and the grave. He took all the power to you to that power. He says all power is given for me to me and it is yours to use. You speak the word will perform it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So your duty just speak the word about what's happening who's performing it the after effects duty is just to speak the spoken word speak to the rock speak to that red sea you speak the word performance. That is my covenant. That's God's covenant between you, him, and you. He says, "My covenant is that you speak and I will perform it and it can never fail." God says it can never fail. You stand and you say it can never fail. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I don't care what sickness stands my way out of existence because I have a covenant keeping God. Look at this. A covenant, something that's based on two people. He say some covenants say you do that and I will do this. nothing to do with it. Your only duty in this covenant speak the word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. When you speak that word has the same power and same authority as deity itself because you are not the one performing it. was performing it. So I'm challenging you this evening. Face your enemy. You have the power. Just speak the word. Be reckless with the enemy. Speak and go forward. It is a guarantee in the word. He will perform it. Say I may perform it. I will perform it. Tells me God is not a man that he should lie. So whatever word he speaks to come to pass. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So if he says I will perform, he will do it. Brother, sister, speak this evening. Let us all stand. Amen. Oh, speak that word and he will do it for you. Amen. Amen. Let us sing this song. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. We got the power in the name of the Lord. Oh yes, we got the power in the name of Jesus. We got the power in the name of the Lord. Lord sad and rages. We cannot be defeated. We got the power. In the name of the Oh, we've got the power. Got the power. Oh yes. In the name of Jesus. We got the power. In the name of the Lord. Though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. We got the power in the name of the Lord. Amen. Let us all bow our heads. You know, you know what you have been fighting. You know what's your red sea? You know the obstacle that's in front of you. For the word of God was here this evening to remind you that you can speak and go forward. just talked to your maker this evening saying, "Thank you, Lord, for the power you have given me." And just speak to that rock. Just for a moment right now, speak to that rock. I will guarantee you he will bring forth waters of life. will bring forth your heart's desires only if you have faith in him. Oh, just speak to your maker. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Dear gracious heavenly father, we thank you for your word oh showing us oh father that we can speak the spoken word because it has power. Look at your children. God, I pray that you see beneath each and every need. Oh God, you supply their needs. Oh God, we know you are the high priest of our infirmities. In your word, you said, "I know what you were going through." So whatever Each and every one of your children is praying for God. I know their feelings can touch you. Oh God, you stretch forth your hand. Oh God and you can heal them. Someone needs the Holy Ghost that you give it to them. Someone needs a refilling. stretch your hand. I know someone is here representing their child they might be going. Lord, I pray oh God so that you turn them around because if you did it for you can do it for your daughter oh God. I pray oh Lord that you stretch forth your hand seeing eye so you can provide oh God hear your children's prayer this evening oh God we pray interceding for each and everyone whether be in the building or be on oh God I pray oh father god that you touch every heart even a heart that's being represented. Someone's been fighting battles for so many years, but right now right now they are speaking. I pray Lord you keep your covenant like you always do it for them and I will perform. leave this place tonight. Never ever forget that you have a covenant with us and you are a covenant keeping God. Lord, may we hold it dear to our hearts. Wherever we are, whatever we're going through, you can still I ask it in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Sure. Let's sing this song before we dismiss or while we dismiss. It's not by might, not by power. Amen. It's not by might. It's not by power, by my spirit, says the Lord. It's not by my No, it's not by power, but by my spirit, says the Lord. All this mountain shall be removed. Your mountain shall be removed. Your mountain shall be removed. By my spirit, says the Lord. Oh, this mountain shall be removed. Your mountain shall be removed. You're my mountain shall be removed by my spirit, says the Lord. No, it's not by might. No, it's not by power, but by my spirit, says the Lord. It's not by might. No, it's not by power, but by my spirit, says the Lord. All this mountain shall be removed. Your mountain shall be removed. moved. You're my mountain shall be removed by my spirit, saith the Lord. All this mountain shall be removed. [Music] Your [Music] mountain shall be removed. Your mountain shall be removed. By my spirit, sha the Lord. Sometimes I fall to my knees and pray. Come Jesus [Music] come. Let today be the day. Oh, sometimes I feel like I'm going to break, but I'm holding on to a hope that won't fade. Oh, come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return to heal every hurt and write every [Music] wrong. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. Cuz deep down I know this world is in home but come Jesus come. [Music] Oh, there be no war and there be no [Music] chance. When Jesus [Music] comes, let today be the day. Oh, he come for the [Music] weak and the strong just the same. And all will [Music] believe in the power of his name. [Music] Oh, come Jesus, [Music] come. We've been waiting so long. Oh, for the day you return to heal every hurt and write every wrong. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. Oh, cuz deep down I know this world is in home. But come Jesus, come. [Music] Oh, one day he'll come and we'll stand face to face. Oh, come and lay it all [Music] down cuz it might be today. Oh, the time is right now. There is no need to wait. Your path will be washed by rivers of grace. Oh, come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long. Oh, for the day you return to heal every hurt and write every wrong. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. Oh, cuz deep down I know this world is in home. Come Jesus, come. Oh, come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long. Oh, for the day you return to heal every hurt and write every wrong. We need you right [Music] now. Come and turn this around. Oh, deep down I know this world isn't home. But come Jesus, come. Come Jesus, come. Amen. God bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music]
