################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - Mercy Rewrote My Life   Bro. Lys Paul Lukuka  Sun 41325 - Lys Paul Lukuka.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-13
Title:    Mercy Rewrote My Life  // Bro. Lys Paul Lukuka // Sun 4/13/25
Speaker:  Lys Paul Lukuka
Church:   Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 28m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dREzRHeAKDE
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] God bless you. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. I trust you. Come. I trust you. Come. I skip. Sorry. Sorry. I'm trying to get this thing to work. It was just working. There we go. Sorry about that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Welcome to the visitors. Amen. There's a few visitors here this morning. Amen. Bless you, brother. Nice to you children here. Amen. Bless you. Amen. Let's just sing. Amen. Just as I am. Amen. Uh we can't add a cubic to our our own self. Amen. So, we're coming just as we are. Amen. Amen. [Music] Oh, just as I am without one plea, but that thy blood was shed for me and that thou bitest me. Come to thee, oh lamb of God, I come. I come just as I am and waiting not to read my soul of one dark blood. to thee whose blood can cleanse each spot. Oh lamb of God, I come. I come just as I am. Though tossed about with many a conflict, many a doubt. Fighting for fears within without lamb of God I come. I come. just as I am without one flee, but that thy blood was shed for me and that thou bit me. Come to the oh lamb of God. I come. I come. Just as I am in wom to rid my soul. One dark blood to thee whose blood can cleanse each spot. Oh lamb. Oh God, I come. I come. Amen. I trust that's why you're here. Amen. This morning. Amen. Let's just sing this little song. I love you, my Lord. I love you, my Lord, with all of my heart. You are my [Music] everything. You're the reason I sing. I love you. I love you, my Lord. Amen. Oh yes. I love you, my Lord, with all of my heart. You are my everything. You're the reason I sing. I love you. I love you, my Lord. Oh yes. I love you, my Lord, with all of my heart. You are my everything. You're the reason I sing. I love you. I love you, my Lord. Once again, amen. I love you, my Lord, with all of my hope. You are my everything. You're the reason I sing. I love you. I love you, my Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing the song. Love lifted me. Amen. Isn't that the truth this morning? Amen. Praise the Lord. Love lifted [Music] me. I was sinking deep in sin, far from the peaceful shore. very deeply stained within, sinking to rise no more. But the master of the sea heard my despairing cry from the waters lifted me. Now sing I Oh love lifted me. His love lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Yes, love lifted me. Oh, lovely me when nothing else could help. Love lives me. All my heart to him I give. Ever to him I cling. In his presence blessed live ever his praise is sing. Love so mighty and so true merits my soul's best song. Faithful loving service to to him love. Oh love in me. Hallelujah. love in me when nothing else could have. Love lifted me. It's love lifted me. Oh, love me. And nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Souls in need to look above. Jesus completely sing. He will lift you by his love out of the way. Amen. He is the master of the sea. Belows his will oy. He your savior wants to be be saved today. Amen. Oh love. Hallelujah. Love lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Yes, love lifted me. Oh, love lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Oh, love lifted. Oh, love lifted me. Yes, love lifted me. When nothing else could help, love lifted me. Yes, love lifted me. Oh, love lifted me when nothing else could help. Love lifted me. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise his name. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's uh Amen. open with a word of prayer. this morning. Amen. For anybody that have a need, special request, anything that lift your hands to the Lord. Gracious heavenly father come to you Lordly and humbly Lord this morning. Gather ourselves Lord worship you. Praise the one and true God, our Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father, Lord, for this day. Thank you for gathering us here this morning. We thank you, Lord, for your your amazing grace, Lord. Forgive us of our shortcomings, Lord. Forgive us of our wrongs. Forgive us of all iniquity, Lord. Forgive us, Lord, of any unrighteousness, Lord. Lord, you are holy. your presence, Lord. You're here this morning. You said where two or three are gathered there, you would be in the midst, Father. So, Lord, we don't come here out of tradition. Lord, we come to meet with you, Father. Lord, we come, Lord, to put our flames together, Lord, one another, Lord. And Lord, may your Holy Spirit, Lord, speak to the people here today, Lord. Lord, may you open the prison doors, Lord. May you set the captives free, Father. Lord, may you break down the walls, Father Lord, that separate us, Lord, from you, Father. Lord, Lord, draw us closer to you, Lord. Father, give us a love of the truth and a fear of God, Father Lord. Lord, bless, Lord, each and every person, Lord, that's come here, Lord. And pray, Father, Lord, that we not leave here the same way that we came in, Father. That we leave closer, Lord, a closer walk with you, Father. Lord, in this world that we're living in, Lord, may you help us, Lord, to be like you. Oh, may your light shine through us, Father. Lord, that when they would see us, Lord, they would see you, Father. Lord, if help us, Lord, not to be stumbling blocks, Lord, to anybody, Father, Lord. But Lord, may your light shine to us, Father. Lord, you know, Lord, the needs that we have, Father, the hands that went up, Lord, the needs, Lord, we're not, Lord, in this flesh, Lord, we're not perfect, Lord. And Lord, we need your help every day, Father. Lord, I pray, Father, Lord, that you would have mercy, Father, Lord, on us, Lord, that today. And Lord, we thank you, Lord, that your mercies are renewed every morning, Father. Lord, bless the people, Father. open ears Lord that we can hear Lord what you would have to say for us today Lord bless Lord the man of God Lord that's come Lord to give bring your word Father Lord Lord I pray you anoint him and anoint the people Father Lord Lord may the fire of God Lord fall here this morning Father Lord Lord cleanse us and wash us and make us white as snow Lord we give you praise and honor bless our pastor Isaia and his family, Lord, wherever they may be, Father, Lord, strengthen them, anoint him this morning, Father, Lord, and remember to give you all the praise, honor, and glory name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing him a victory in Jesus. Amen. I heard an old old story. How a savior came from glory. How he gave his life on Calvary to save a rich like me. I heard about his groaning and his precious blood atoning. Then I repented of my sins and won the victory. Oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. peace on me and he bought me with his redeeing blood. He loved me there. I knew him and all my love is to him. He bought me to victory cleansing blood. Oh victory. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeing blood. He loved me there. I knew him and all my love is to him. He punched me to victory. beneath the cleansing blood. I heard about his healing of his cleansing power revealing. How he made the leaf to walk again and cause the blind to see. And then I cried, "Here, Jesus, come and heal my broken spirit." And somehow Jesus came and brought to me the victory. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me. Amen. with his redeeing love. He loved me there. I knew him. And all my love is to him. He launched me to victory. He cleansing blood. I heard about a manion. He had built me in glory. And I heard about the streets of gold beyond the crystal sea, about the angels singing and your redemption story. And some sweet day I'll sing up there the song of victory. Oh, victory. My savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming love. He loved me there. I knew him. And all my love is due to him. He launched me to victory beneath the cleansing. But oh victory, oh victory. Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeing blood. He loved me there. I do. And all my love is due. He punched me to victory beneath the cleansing blood. Oh Christ my redeemer died on the cross died for the s paid all his doom. Sprinkle your soul with the blood of the lamb and I will pass will pass over you. Oh I see the blood. Hallelujah. Oh, when I see the blood, when I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. Oh Christ our redeemer died on the cross died for the s paid all is due. Oh, sprinkle your soul with the blood of the lamb and I will pass will pass over you. Oh, and I glory. She the blood is [Music] my she is life. Amen. When I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. When I see the blood. When I see the blood. When I see the blood. When I see the [Music] blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. [Music] Oh Jesus of s Jesus will sing all he has promise that will be due in the fountain opening for sin and I will cry amen over you and I glory Jesus The blood. Hallelujah. When I see the blood. When I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. Oh, judgement is coming. All will be there. Each one receiving justly is due hide in the saving sening blood and I will pass will pass over you. Amen. Oh, when I see the blood. When I see the blood. When I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass for you. Oh, when I see the blood. When I see the blood. When I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over [Music] you. Oh, great compassion. Oh, boundless love, old loving kindness, faithful and true. Hope find peace and shelter under the blood and I will pass will pass over you. Oh, and I glory. See the blood. Oh, when I see the blood, when I see the [Music] blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. Oh, I see the blood is light. When I see the blood, when I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. Oh my. Thank you, Lord. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. I sing again. Amen. Oh, what a mighty God we [Music] serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. Oh Jesus is that God we serve. Yes. Jesus is that God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore you. Jesus is that God we serve. What a mighty God. Amen. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. The angels by heaven and earth. What a mighty God we will enter his gates. Oh, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. Oh, I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. What a mighty God. Amen. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Yes, what a mighty God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth. What a mighty God we serve. Once again, amen. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Glory. Thank you, Lord. He's mighty. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. You thankful for the blood. Amen. Today his blood is the Holy Ghost. Amen. In you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing this little song. Wonderful. How wonderful Jesus is to me. Amen. Wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to me. His counselor, Prince of Peace, mighty God is he. He's saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise him. Once again, amen. Oh, wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. He's counselor, a prince of peace. Mighty God is he. He's saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Oh my heart sings today. Sings for joy and gladness. Jesus says satisfies satisfy guilt is gone. Peace is mine. He's like to a river. Jesus is wonderful. Mighty to deliver. Oh wonderful, wonderful Jesus. Amen. Is he wonderful? Prince of peace. Mighty God is he. He's saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Oh, once a slave, now I'm free. Free from condemnation. Jesus gives liberty and a full salvation. Now the sins of the past have been all for and my name is inscribed on the book of heaven. Oh wonderful wonderful Jesus is to me. He's counselor prince of peace. Mighty God is he. be saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer praise once again. Oh, wonderful, wonderful he is to me. He's counselor, prince of peace, guiding God is he saving me, teaching me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Oh, living here with my Lord in a holy union. Day by day all the way, holding sweet commun. Oh, what chain grace has rocked in my lowly station. Since my soul has received full and free salvation. Oh, wonderful, wonderful Jesus to me. He's counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is he. He's saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Let's come one more time. Oh, wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. He's counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is she. He's saving me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer praise. Let's give him a round. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. You love the Lord. Amen. As our brother gets It's ready to come. Amen. Amen. Let's sing this song. When we all get to heaven. Amen. Hallelujah. I know we have tests and trials here. Amen. But right now is not the time to think of those things. Amen. Let's just think on the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. And he has a precious promises for us. Hallelujah. Oh, sing the wondous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace. In the manion, bright and blessed. He'll prepare for us a place. Oh, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, and we all see Jesus will sing and shout the victory once again. Oh, and we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, and we all see Jesus will sing and shout the [Music] victory. Oh, while we walk the pilgrim pathway, clouds will red the sky. Oh, but when traveling days are over, not a shadow, not a sh. Oh, when we all get to heaven. Oh, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, and we all see Jesus will sing and shout the victory. Oh, let us then be true and faithful trusting serving every day. Oh, just one glimpse of him in glory. Will the souls of life? Oh, and we all glory. Praise your [Music] name. Oh, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, and we all Oh, see Jesus will sing and we'll shout the victory. Oh, when we all when we all get together. Oh, what a day of rejoicing will be. When we all see Jesus, we'll sing and shout the victory. Oh, onward to the Christ before us. Soon his beauty will behold soon. Early gates will open. We shall tread the streets of God. Oh, we all get to him. What a day. [Music] victory. Oh Christ our redeemer died on the cross, died for the sinner, paid all his due. Sprinkle your soul with the blood of the lamb and I will pass. I will pass over you. Oh, when I see the blood, when I see the blood, when I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. [Applause] Oh chiefest of sinners, Jesus will save all he has promise. Thy will he do. Wash in the fountain. Open for sea and I will pass I will pass over you. When I when I see the blood. When I When I see the blood, when I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over. Oh [Music] go I will pass over you. Amen. God bless y'all. Amen. Happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning. And we'll go straight to the word and thank you for the songs, Brother Isaac. I greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Are we happy to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. Again, are we happy to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. Uh let's go straight to Ephesians chapter 2. Ephesians chapter 2 verse 1-5. Ephesians and I'll start. And you ha has he quickened who were dead in trespasses and sins. wherein in time past you walk according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience, among whom also we all had our conversations in time past in the lust of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others. But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us, even when we were dead in sins, has quickened us together with with Christ. By grace ye are saved. It was in Ephesians chapter 2 verse 1-5. Amen. Let's go to uh the book of Lamentations chapter 3 verse 22-23. It goes right after the book of Jeremiah. Yeah. Chapter 3 verse 22- [Music] 23 and I'll start. It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. Hallelujah. Yeah. Chapter 3 verse 22. It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed because he his compassions fail not. Amen. I'm I'm thankful for the mercy of God this morning. And let's bow our head. Um if if you have any pro any needs, just lift your hand to God and we'll pray. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we humbly approach your throne of mercies this morning. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we thank you for your mercy this morning. Father Lord, we just I just heard they sang the song and like what a mighty God we serve Lord. And that song also says we'll enter into his gates with thanksgiving Lord Jesus. And heavenly father Lord we are entering with thanksgiving this morning into your gates Lord. And heavenly father Lord Jesus because we are thankful for your mercy. I pray heavenly father Lord God that you forgive us of our shortcomings Lord. I pray father Lord God that you speak to us this morning. I I pray Lord that you hear through our ears Lord Jesus. I pray that you have full preminence in the service this morning Lord Jesus. Lord your Bible says that if you be lifted up you will draw all men unto you. Father Lord God this morning we are here not to lift up a man but to lift up the person of Jesus Christ because Father Lord we want to get we want to we want to draw get drawn to you Lord Jesus and heavenly father Lord the Bible tell us in order to do that we got to lift you up Lord Jesus Lord I surrender myself into your hands Father Lord Lord your prophet says that a gift is the ability to put yourself out of the way and let God use you. Lord, if I don't know how to do it, I pray that you teach me how to do it, Lord God. Because your children did not come to hear me, but they came to hear you, Lord. Because your word gives lives, Lord Jesus Christ. Give them life this morning, Lord Jesus. Oh, the person who came into this church dead in the spirit, may they go out alive in the spirit, Lord Jesus. I pray that you remember the person, everybody who rose their hand this morning, Lord God, with a need. Lord, you alone know what their needs are, Lord Jesus. I pray that you grant them their needs in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh father, I pray that you have full preminence. Lord, I bind every spirit of unbelief in the name of Jesus Christ. May the Lord Jesus Christ have his way. bless the reading of your word and anoint every word that will be said, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. So, I've preached this sermon here before, but it was on a Wednesday, but it it might be slightly different. However, God is going to lead. I had another sermon that I wanted to preach, but somehow I just didn't feel like preaching it today and I just felt led to this one. So I trust uh this is going to be a blessing to you. So my sermon title is going to be mercy rewrote my life. You know, mercy rewrote my life because if it wasn't for the mercies of God, none of us would have been here this morning. And it is. And it is important for each one of us to recognize that we are only here by his mercy because even the Bible, like we just read here, it says that it is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. So the reason why we are not consumed, Jeremiah is telling us it's because of the Lord's mercy. Because his compassions fail not. So his compassion never failed. And you can put your faith on that. And then the good the thing I like about this verse is that they are new every morning. So they don't exhaust. Every morning they are new. Yesterday God's mercy is yesterday's God's mercy. But this morning he gives you a new mercy. Tomorrow morning he gives you another new mercy. Next year he gives you a new mercy. Many of us are still alive 2025 today. It's the Lord's it's the Lord's mercy. The mercy of 220 2024 is not the same mercy as of 2025. So bec and and why does God keeps renewing his mercy is because he loves you. God love God's love is what projected the person of Jesus Christ to come Jesus came on earth because of the Lord's mercy and that's on that mercy that we'll speak this morning mercy the the word mercy means compassion or forgiveness shown towards someone whom it is within one's power to punish or harm So in other words, it's if I have the power to to to to forgive. No, if I have the power to punish or to harm you, but instead of punishing you, I choose to give you forgiveness. So you have to first know that the person who's giving forgiveness didn't have to do it. You know that's what happened in the garden of Eden. Men fa mankind fell. You know the Bible says you shall not eat of that tree. And then and then Adam and Eve they disobeyed. And because of that disobedience the the punishment was death. You know the Bible says the soul the soul that sinnth shall die. And the prophet tells us that God never goes against his own word. So every time we disobey the word of God, there's death that has to follow. But God so rich in mercy. He didn't let us continue to die. He didn't let us to be consumed. God rich in his mercy. He provided his son. God rich in his mercy. He provided a sacrifice because the sacrifice had to be without sin. But the Bible says that all of us were shaped and born into iniquity. So no you no human being was worthy to even be the sacrifice. That's why John in revelation cried. John looked and he saw when they asked who is worthy to take the book saw that no one was worthy. When John looked he saw that not even Elijah was worthy. When John looked he saw that even himself he wasn't worthy. He I he probably started seeing all the sin that he's committed in his life. So he wasn't worthy to redeem mankind. John looked and he saw a brother wasn't worthy and he started crying. He started weeping and the prophet tells us that John started weeping because he saw that it was going to be the annihilation of the world. So in other words, we were not going to be here this morning. And John cried so much because of that. But he heard another voice behind him says, "Cry not for the line the lamb the the lamb has prevailed." And when John looked, he saw the lion that was coming to take the book. When John looked, he saw that cry not because Jesus has prevailed. This morning, I'm here to tell you, cry not because Jesus has prevailed. This morning I'm here to tell you that there is hope because Jesus has prevailed. This morning I'm here to tell you that there is forgiveness for your sins because Jesus has prevailed. I can tell you that you can overcome your addictions because Jesus has prevailed. Even though you commit you fall short, Jesus has prevailed. John looked at himself. He was full of sin. But because he saw that the lamb prevailed, he had hope. We we ought to be people with hope this morning because the lamb has prevailed. That's why we are here this morning. That's why we can sing to God songs of songs of love, songs of gratefulness. Great are your mercies. Great is your faithfulness. Your mercies are new every morning. That's why we are here and we can sing about the Amen. Amen. So like I said u there was a punishment that that if the soul sins the punishment was death. And we saw that uh if we go to the book of revelation 12 verse 6 and I'll read it. Oh and I heard a loud voice saying in heaven now is come salvation and strength. and the kingdom of of our God and the power of his Christ. For the accuser of our brethren is cast down which is accused them before our God day and night. I'll read that again. The accuser of our brethren is cast down which accuse them before our God day and night. So the Bible is telling us in revelation there is we have an accuser. There's someone who goes up there in heaven day and night accusing us to God. So every time you fall short there's the devil goes God look at your own son look at what he did God is like Satan is like look look at what he just did yesterday but your law says that he should be dead and he's like but the but you you you always you are you are your own law and you always stand by your law so why are you not punishing But he forgets that the law has already there is already been a price paid for that. The problem is that Satan is pointing God at your old book. The problem is that once you are saved, God transfers your names from the old book to the book, the lamb's book of life. So when Satan is going before God and bringing all the evidences, God, he did this. She did this. She did this. God says, I don't see it. I'm looking at the lamb's book of life. I don't see it. I'm looking. All I see is the blood of Jesus Christ. Brothers, we are to be grateful for the blood of Jesus Christ because the blood of Jesus Christ covers all all our sins. When I will see the blood, I will pass over you. When I'll see the blood, you got to make sure that the blood is applied in your life because that's the only way God shows mercy towards you. He has one requirement. It's when I see the blood. And the prophet tells us that when God applies the blood in your life, he gives you a token. When God applies the blood in your lives, he gives you a token. You cannot just say that the blood has been applied but there is no signs. And the prophet tells us that the token is the Holy Ghost. So when the blood is applied in your life, you got to show that the Holy Ghost. Amen. Let's let's look at some some examples of people who who found the mercies of God in the Bible. The the first woman I have here is the woman who was caught in the act of adultery. The this woman was caught in the very act. So she had no defense. What are you going to defend defend yourself with? They literally caught you in the act. You remember the title of my sermon is the mercies of God rewrote my life. So this woman, this woman, she knew that according to the law, if a woman is caught in the act of adultery, she she will be stoned to death. So this woman knew that she was going to die that day because they brought her to Jesus. You know that's the mistake that the enemy always does. Don't you dare accuse my own daughter to me. That's the mistake that Satan is doing. He's accusing you to God. He's accusing you to the person who loves you, you know, he brought her to Jesus, you know, look look at what she did, you know, but Jesus says that the person without the without sin, let him cast the first, you know, look, it's always look at that spirit of accusations. People are sometimes too quick to accuse others without even looking at yourself. I feel like the accusations would be less if people could only look at their own lives too because once you understand that you are also full of sin then you will be more compassionate to someone else. Doesn't the Bible tells us that when you go to someone, go with the spirit that that person could have been you for? When you're praying for someone, when your brother falls, you you pray not with the spirit that you are better than that person. But you pray because you feel like that could have also been you. And the prophet tells us that spirits don't die. So those same spirits went to accuse this woman but they could not look at themselves. So Jesus he says the person without sin cast the first and the woman was just like okay these are my last minutes on earth dying but she she waited a few minutes I don't know how long it took could have taken hours minutes and then she looked and then Jesus is like woman where are the accusers this Morning. Jesus is telling you where are your accusers? That that enemy that keeps accusing you day and night, where is he? She found mercy with God. Instead of her being dead, now we are talking about her in the Bible as an example. Her life has been rewritten. Her story was going to be known as the prostitute, but now she's known as someone who found favor with God. your story. Maybe some of us were on in different paths. Some of us were in path of distractions. Some of us were in path of drugs, alcohol, cigarettes, all the worldly things. But you have found favor with God this morning. That's why you are here this morning. You are not here by your own strength. Oh, you are not here by your own might. There are many other people there stronger than you. There are more people out there with more discipline than you. But you are here not because of your discipline. But you are here because of the mercy of God. If you see your brother struggling with an addiction, don't think that you are better because you are disciplined. No, it's not discipline. It is the mercy of God because if it is discipline one day it's going to run out but the mercies of God who keeps renew every morning every morning God gives you his mercy yesterday you overcame the spirit of of alcohol this morning again God gives you his new mercy you overcome that spirit tomorrow you wake up again God gives you that the the mercy you know that's the thing that we are lacking we are not asking God for his mercies we are trying to do things on our own and every time man tries to to take things into their his own hands he always leads to destruction every time man tries to we see we they created guns and they kept in improving it to to the to the point that he became like an atomic weapon. And now they're going to have regulations to stop certain countries from from producing nuclear weapons, always leading to distractions. Every time you have a situation in your life, you try to figure it out on yourself, it will lead to problems after problems. But what you need to do is you need to bring it to Jesus. because he will give you his mercies. You know when David God asked David a choice when David had sinned I think that's when he number the people you know God told David choose to choose between being at the mercies of man or the mercies of God the judgment of man or the judgment of God. David chose to be under God's judgment. Because under God's judgment, there's still his mercy that's there. Oh, this morning I'm choosing to be under God's judgment, then under the Satan's judgment because the enemy wants to harm you. Satan wants to destroy you. So the moment you give him that opportunity to harm you, he will not have mercy on you. That's why even when when he was accusing Job to God, God had to tell Satan, okay, take everything but don't take his own life. Don't take his life. So when you give the opportunity to the devil to judge you, he'll take your life and he will destroy your marriage. He will destroy your house. He'll destroy your family. But I wonder every time I fall short, I want to be under God's mercy. Because in his mercy he remember that I'm his son. In his mercy he remember that I'm his daughter. Why? Because he's put a his germ of life inside of me. God cannot go against you. He cannot go against you because you are his There was another woman who went to wash Jesus' feet with her tears. No, that woman also she was an ill-fame woman. Do you do you see the pattern here? It's people people with an ill fame. people with bad lives, but every time they are brought to Jesus, their lives are changed. The woman who was caught in the act of adultery, she brought to Jesus her life. That woman, the the the prostitute woman that went to to wash Jesus feet with her teeth, she was a prostitute. Jesus, her life was changed. the the the the the the crazy man from Gadra. Oh, the the maniac. The maniac. He had legions of demons in him, but he was brought to Jesus and his life was changed. That's what the solution is. Go to Jesus. If you want to have your life changed, go to Jesus. religion had de thousands of demons inside of him. You know, he was going he was cutting himself, you know. He was uh removing his clothes, you know. He had those demons, they were even binding with chains, but the power of those demons would break those chains. But again, the mistake that they made was they brought him before Jesus. Those demons used to play with all those other people. They came to Jesus. They met the source of all electricity. They came to Jesus. They noticed that this electricity feels different. The feeling that this person is different. Why? Because Jesus was the word. Jesus was God made flesh. Oh, they brought him to Jesus and that electricity was different and they started asking why did you bring us to Jesus? Why? That's why we're not here to do Satan a favor. We are here to tear his kingdom down this morning. We are here to tear the kingdom of God. We want them to start asking why did you bring us? Brothers and sisters, you came to the right place. The word of God is in this place. Demons are crying out, "Why did you come to Jesus?" Demons are crying. Why did you bring us? You came to Jesus because he's your creator. You came to Jesus because he's your savior. Because he's the the the power of all power. And there's not a single demon that's more powerful than the Jesus. There's not a single demon that you are struggling here that is more powerful than Jesus. Amen. That's the problem. We are here to tear the kingdom of Satan. Satan, the prophet tells us that Satan does not like those kind of sermons. that he'll try to have you get out of service for you to be out of this church because he knows he's about to get cast down. God's mercy is telling you stay in your seat. God's mercy is telling you cast that kingdom down because the kingdom that we receive from God is more powerful than the kingdoms of this world. The kingdom of God is more powerful than all the darknesses of this world. The kingdom of God is a type of kingdom that when it comes down in a place full of darkness, it brings light. We are the children of light. We are the children of light. And it's time to cast down all darkness. Satan, you got to leave. Oh, in the name of Jesus Christ. Let the light of God shine in your life. May the light of the gospel shine in your [Applause] life. Cast down the kingdom of sin. It's by the word of God. But the word will never come unless you ac you receive it in your heart. The prophet tells us that Jesus is a gentleman. He'll never force himself into your lives unless you let him in. But he's there knocking. That's the mercy of God. The fact that he's even there at your door knocking, it's his mercies. And how do you know that God is knocking in your heart? It's when in your heart you have a desire to you hearing the sermons. You're like, "God, I want to be set free from this. Lord, I want to draw closer to you. Lord, I want to serve you more. Lord, I want to die out to myself." The prophet tells us that it's not yourself saying that because the Bible says that no man can come to God. God draws him. So that desire in you to want to get drawn to God, that means that God is pulling you to you. But what you need to do, you also need to respond to the call. You also need to draw night to him because the Bible says draw night unto him and he will draw night unto you. I want to have God with me all the time. I want to walk in this life with God. This age that we're living in is an evil age. It's an age that the Bible tells us that if it wasn't God shortening the time, none of us would have made it. So God to make to shorten the time. And you think you can't live in this age without him. We need God every hour. I need you every minute of my life, Lord. I need you every hour of my life, Lord. Even when I sleep, I want you there with me, Lord. When I wake up, I want you there with me, Lord. When I go to work, I want you there with me, Lord. When I come back from work, I want you, Lord. When I go to work, my children, my family, I want you there, Lord Jesus Christ. Protect me. Satan is roaring like a lion seeking him whom you can devour. Satan is roaring in your life. So you need that protection and the protection is Christ. The protection is Jesus Christ. The Bible says that the name of the Lord is strong. The name of the Lord is a strong. It's not a weak tower, but it's a strong tower that the righteous runs into safe. You want to find safety, it's in the name of Jesus. You want to find safety for your job, stay in Christ. You want to stay, you want to stay safe in your house, stay in Christ. Christ is our security. Christ is our strong tower. Don't run to the devil. Run to Christ. Christ is the solution. We want those demons to cry. Why did you bring me to Jesus? The Bible says that Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever. If that man that had thousands of demons in him went to Jesus and he he went back a different person, so can you. Why? Because he is the same. When when Moses asked God, "What am I going to tell them? Who sent me?" I like how God identified himself to Moses. Tell them I am send me because God is the God of the present present tense. Why? Because we don't want a God of history. Satan is not scared of God of the past. Satan doesn't want a God over history. But Satan want a man who has an experience with God. A man who knows that God is alive and well this morning. A man who knows that Jesus did not stay in the tomb. But Jesus rose from the dead. And he says that I will send you my comforter. He says that I will be with you. Not just with you but even in you. So now we are living in an age where God is not walking just with us where God is walking in. Oh, so now Satan doesn't have to say why did you bring me to Jesus? But now he has to say why did I go inside of you? Because Jesus is there. So if tells you why did you bring me to Jesus, you need to tell him I didn't bring you to Jesus. You came yourself. Why? Because the word became flesh. Why? Because I'm looking at the word flesh this morning. Because now you are the living epistles read of all men. You are with the walking message. Someone want to know the message of the hour. Satan does not care if you bring him tips. He does not care about that. Somebody asking for the message of the hour. He doesn't want you to show him that I am the message. This message is right. This message cannot just stay on tape. A message can become a person. Jesus is coming back for his bride and the Bible tells us that his bride will be just like him. Why? So that means you have to become the word because Christ is the word. And in order to become the word, you got to eat the word. That's how you overcome Satan. That's the mistake that Satan keeps making. Coming back to this, Satan has made a huge mistake this morning. Satan has made a huge mistake this morning. He's come to torment you, but he's not realizing that when he's tormenting you, he's touching that electricity. Satan needs to be uncomfortable around your life. As Christians, we should not let Satan be so comfortable with us. Jesus feels like he can come and dwell in your body and do what everything he needs to do. No, he needs to be uncomfortable. And if Satan is comfortable in your life, then something is wrong. And what am I talking about Satan being comfortable in your life? For for example, thank you. The Bible, the prophet is against uh for for instance women wearing makeups. bought. Thanks. And then the prophet tells us that those women they do it without even realizing it's not them, it's the spirit inside of them making them do. So now my question is why is the spirit so comfortable to just feel like he can come and make you do makeups? We're going to hit every spirit this morning. said, "The prophet is against alcohol." You know, in me other quotes that I have is not just specific. He's literally saying against drinking in general. And if you don't know it, then you just need to listen more to the tapes. And I pray that God's mercy be with you this morning because why is Satan so comfortable in your life? Why is Satan coming just to you and you drink and you know it's wrong. If you are truly a child of God, you know it's wrong. Unless you're not a child of God. The the prophet talks about that when when a child of God is living in sin, for instance, you're going to night clubs. I'm paraphrasing. You know, the prophet says that there's there's always been that thing about you that you just fell out of place. You just felt that you were different from everyone else. The prophet said, "Why was that?" It was because that germ, that seed of life was in you. When you are born in this world, that seed of life is already in you. You can do whatever. You can do the worst thing on earth, but you will still feel like you are different. Even when you are fooling yourself with a spirit of alcohol, you well know that it's wrong and you know that you're not supposed to do that. My question is, why is Satan so comfortable with it? He comes in because what it's even one thing if you do it at the bar at a bar but now satan is coming into even in your homes. I'm telling you somewhere there the blood has not been applied. You've made the devil very comfortable in your life. Amen. And as long as you make the devil comfortable in your life, he will keep tormenting you. That mania guy, he was in torment. The prophet tells us that those spirits don't die. Amen. We have received a kingdom that's more powerful than the kingdom kingdom of this world. This message of the hour is not just just some tapes or some books. It's a reality. It's a power. It's a power that that God knew that in this church of in this church of Leodia we needed that power. What is the power? It's a power of perfection. It's a the message came to restore everything that was loose. Clarity to every question. Amen. Amen. Another person who found mercy with God was the prophet brother Brhamet the prophet he was born in a family again I didn't even plan to talk about alcohol but now it's tying with the prophet because the prophet said he was born in a family full of alcoholics the prophet was he was even ashamed like the the last name Brham was a really shameful name to heaven. He was in name in a family of murderers. His dad was a murderer and and he still had that blood of his father in him that that he was a growing up the prophet used to be a he had used to have a lot of temper and one time he went to shoot someone because that person killed his dog. The prophet wanted to kill that person. Let's read our quote. In the fifth seal, the prophet says, "I felt something lick my hand. There was my old dog. When Mr. Shorts down here poison him, I swear I'll kill Mr. Short for it." I was about 16 16 years old. Remember when so after he already received the visitation from the angel when he was a child in that tree and he was carrying the bucket of water in the angel the voice spoke to him out of the tree. So after he heard the voice of the angel kill someone to show you that does not change you. What changes you is the blood of Jesus. The prophet had to be converted. Even though he heard the voice of God, the voice of God did not change him. What changed him was the blood of Jesus Christ who asked for forgiveness for his sins. He says he poisoned him, give him a dog button. My daddy caught me with a rifle going down to shoot him right here in the police station is is is is a sh fellow like Satan is because it wasn't the prophet by himself. It's Satan that was driving to do but he's setting him up in a place where like doing right in front of the police station. Satan just want trouble. He'll set you up and he'll be the first one to accuse you. And the said, "I said I'll kill him. I went over to the dog's grave. I buried him. I said freezed. You've been like a companion to me. You clothed me and sent me to school. When you got old, I was going to take care of you. Now, and I said, I promise you, freeze. That he won't leave. I promise you he won't leave. I catch him on the street sometime walking, then I'll run run right over him. And I said, I'll get him for you. a prophet saying something because you are born a prophet a prophet just like Isaiah you know when he saw himself at the temple he realized in the presence of God he realized that he was full of sin this is a problem he already heard the voice of God some of us may even have an excuse we may say we never heard in audio But he heard an audible voice of God. He still had that old nature. You know, but but he says, "But you know what? I led the man to Christ. I baptized him in Jesus name. I buried him at his death." Yes sir. I got converted about two years after that. things different then I loved him instead of hating him. You see what the mercies of God will do to your life change your vision. He will make you look at things differently. He will make you love your brother. That person that you used to hate, now you love the person. That person that you used to go months, days, weeks without speaking to, now you want to speak to that person. because you love that person and you realize that you are only what you are by the grace of God. If the mercies of God never stepped into his life, brother in jail for life and we would have not had the message of the hour. I would have not known brother Isaac. I would have not known brotherh Danny. I would have not known any of you. But the mercies of God, God actually saw you. God saw me. God saw you. God saw everyone here. And he's like, "No, I cannot let my servant do this." If he does this, then there won't be there won't be any of you this morning because the prophet tells us that God knows the end from the beginning. God knew that there had to be a Sunday morning, April 13th. people were going to come from crimes, Congo, from other countries together here this morning to hear the word of God. But in order to for for that to happen, I have to be merciful to myself. I have to the mercy of God is so good that when you want to do evil, sometimes he can't intervene and stop. Yeah, that's how good his mercies is to us. Sometimes you drive, you driving down the street. You almost want to hit someone, but the mercies of God steps in and you don't hit that person. Why? because of the mercies of God in your life. The mercies of God in your life. Maybe maybe Satan had already planned things for you months ago. Maybe you were supposed to be dead according to Satan's plan. Satan will get up one morning, on a certain day, I'm going to do this for you. I'm going to do this and I'll get him. No, but the mercies of God step into your life. The mercy of God steps into your life, brother Denny. The mercies of God stepped into your life, the devil tried to attack you. The devil tried to attack our brother. He tried to take his life, but the mercy of God stepped into your life. Why? the love of God. Why would God still want to protect you? Because he still has a work for you to do. You came into this world with a mission to be a son of God. And God will not permit. So God what pretty much what happened, God told Satan, go do anything else but don't touch his life. And we hear the brothers here in a Sunday morning. According to Satan's plan, he should have been in the hospital or maybe in a casket somewhere. But I'm grateful that God had another plan for you. I'm grateful that God saw you this morning say that I have to go down and protect my son. Satan, get your hand off of my son. Some of us sometimes, you know, many sometimes we have things that we don't even know that Satan has planned against us. But in the unseen world, the God is sending his angels to protect you. The Bible says that the angels of God encamped around them that fear God. God is sending your angels around you to protect you from evil. as long as his job with you is not done your life. The mercy of God. So many good examples in the Bible. The woman who came to Jesus at the well, she was again a woman of she couldn't be stable with husbands. kept switching husband to husband to husband to husband. Such an unstable life. She probably wondered. She's like, "Why am I like this?" She knew better. She knew the word because when the word came, she recognized the word. So, she knew the word. Sometimes you know what you know that you need to do right and you want to do right, but you just keep finding yourself doing wrong. And you keep asking why Lord why I'm trying to overcome this. Paul says the good that I'm trying to do I don't that's this woman she probably was trying to do right she's like maybe this husband is going to be different maybe the same issue you know the problem is when she kept switching thinking that by switching husband he would solve her problems. But she didn't realize that she needed to first in order for her to sometimes when we have things in our life, we want to blame someone else for that. We think that, oh, I need to move to another state. I need to move to another church. I need to leave my house. I need to do this thing. Have you thought about yourself first? Have you thought that maybe if you had more tolerance Maybe you had more love. Maybe if you actually got more on your knees and pray for the situation. This woman, she came, she was unstable. But when she met Jesus, her life was changed. She became a witness of the word. Again, that's the same pattern. People with issues, they go to Jesus. So why won't he do it for you? Why won't he do it for you? It's your own fault. You're not going to him. He wants to do it for you. The prophet says that. I was reading that this week. He said that God wants to fill you with the Holy Ghost more than than you want to. So then why don't you have the Holy Ghost? It's your own fault. Have you tried to to let the word sanctify you? Because in order for the Holy Ghost to fill you, the vessel has to be clean. And how are you going to be sanctified when you don't listen to the word? We are too busy. The Bible tells us that we are washed by the water of the word. It's the word that sanctifies us. It's the word that conditions you into a place where the Holy Ghost can now come into you. So now what you need to do if you need the Holy Ghost, listen more to the word of God. The more you listen to the word of God, it's going to break those bondages of sin. Those those grips, those holes of Satan that were in your life was going to become weak. Why? Because he that is in you is greater than he that's in the word. Because when you eat the word, you become the word. And when you become the word, you become more powerful than you. Romans chapter 4:8 The Bible says, "Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin." Satan goes and accuses to God, but you are blessed because God is not imputing sin to you. Do you realize that when you walk, you are a blessing walking? Maybe you just don't realize that. That's why you let the enemy kick you around. Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin. Who is that man that the Lord will not impute sin? Is that man which under the blood? So I'm walking with a blessing. You are a blessing, brother. You came in this church being a blessing. You are blessed. Everyone here is a blessed. You are blessed and walk like someone who is blessed. Imagine you they gave you $10 million in the bank but you keep you just keep borrowing money from people. Oh, can you borrow me $10? Can you give me five bucks? People going to be like what's going on with you? Imagine if Elon Musk come came right now and just keeps asking everybody, "Oh, can you borrow me $5?" Like, why is he acting like that? It's not is this Elon Musk? Are we sure this is Elon Musk? That's what Satan is doing. He's like, "This guy is a son of God. Are you sure that person is blessed? Because your church is not walking like someone who's blessed. Why? It's an amnesia. You have forgotten that God has blessed you. And I'm reminding you this morning that you are blessed. Start walking like someone was blessed. On Monday morning when you go to work, they got to notice a difference. Why is everything different with you today? When they bring problems before you, why are you not glad? Because I'm glad. When any situation comes in your life, why? Because I am blessed. Why are you solving things differently than everybody else? Because I am blessed. Satan needs to start. But I kick this guy around. But he's still happy. He still comes to church. Why? Because I am blessed. You might have blinded me before. That's how blessed I was. Right now, the prophet says you need to believe what the word says about you. To believe what the word says about you. I'm choosing to believe that I am blessed. Joshua said, "Choose this day whom you will serve. Be free to make your choices. But I know that as for me and my we will serve the Lord. If you want to walk any ways you want to walk, go ahead. But I know that as for me, I'm going to walk like someone who is blessed because I am a living blessing. The blessing doesn't just come to me. I become the blessing. When you walk into someone's life, you bring blessings with you. You go to someone's house, the person is blessed. They don't understand because I had a blessing in my house. The blessing came in the form of a man comes into your house, you always. And when you become the blessing, you interact with someone, that person feels blessed. I understand why things are working in my life. Why? Because I had a blessing. Benediction. No wonder Jesus says that in that day you will say that when when did I clothe you? When did I give you food? When you were hungry. Why? Because Jesus came in your house. The blessing came in your house and you took care of the blessing. That's why we need more fellowship. I want more blessings to come in my life. God is still free to come in my life. I want more blessings. You don't want to stand for yourself. Me and my house I want the that's why Satan want to divide you because an army divided cannot stand. I want Isaac to give me his blessing. I want another blessing. I want all the blessings that you have. When we combine all these blessings, isn't that what the Holy Ghost does? Jesus in him dwell the fullness of God. But in us, it's droplets of it's drops of those of the of God. You know the Holy Ghost, the full Holy Ghost divided himself among the church. And the prophet says that's when Jesus says that the works that I do, you shall do greater. Why? Because now the Holy Ghost is not just working in one man but it's working in multiple men. And when you combine all that it's the body of Christ. That's what I'm talking about. The blessing. Christ is the main blessing. But when you that blessing is split into everyone here and when we gather together all those blessings are gathered and what does it do? The blessing pushes us the curse. The blessing pushes out the curse things that that some some of you may have had cursing curses in your life. Start having more blessings around you. You're going to drive all the curses in your life that you couldn't figure out. Now you're going to start to figure that out. I want blessing in my house. Send your blessing. Lord send your blessings. I'm pretty sure everyone here wants blessings. Then we have to say Lord send your blessing because he said you have not because you ask not. And sometimes you have it but you don't realize that you have it because you don't read the word. You don't realize that the word says that you are blessed. Amen. It's a it's a revelation. It's a revelation to know. That's why you need to change the way you read the Bible. Make it personal to you. When you open this book, you should be curious to be like because this book is about you. I want to be curious in the morning. I want to wake up. Lord, what do you say about me? Because imagine if you had you had a house that was full of uh uh we weapons. and okay, let's say you have a you have a house full of weapons and one of them was an atomic weapon and you hear that there is a fighting going on on the street and it's going house to house and they're fighting with knives or machetes if you don't have any weapons. Let's say you had those but you didn't know you had those weapons. What is going to be your reaction? You will be frightened. You will be scared. You might even walk out of your house and try to run to just follow the crowd. But someone who knows what they have, they know that I have an atomic weapon that are more powerful than what they have. Then I'm not afraid. That's the same thing with you. You read the Bible, you you you keep you keep being frightened by situations in your life. But if only you could realize that what you have is greater than those. If only you could realize that what you have is Jesus Christ. If Christ lives in you, he'll continue to do the greater work. You know, 2 Corinthians 5:1 19 speed. Um, I had 17 pages and I'm still on the third page, but I won't go to all the 17 pages. So, I will skip a few things. So, 2 Corinthians 5:1 19th, the Bible says to which that God was in Christ reconciling the world unto himself. not imputing their trespasses unto them, but has committed unto us the word of reconciliation. You know the key word here, not imputing their trespasses unto them. Let me skip um this. Yeah, let's let's read the invis invisible union of the bride of Christ. The paragraph 222, the the prophet says, "You separated from your first union by spiritual death. Now you are born again, remarried again to the new spiritual union of not your natural life of the things of the world but of eternal life. That germ, that germ that was in you at the beginning found you. Now your old book is gone with your old union. Your name in your old book has been transferred. Now you say, "Do you mean to tell me that my old book?" Yes. God put him in the seat of his forgetfulness. You stand perfectly before God. So don't let the enemy tell you anything else. The word of God is telling you that your sins, your old book has been thrown in the sea of forgetfulness. Now your name is now in a new book, not the book of life, but the lamb's book of life, you know, not the old book of your natural union, but your new your new your new bride. No, it's um Romans 5:1 says, "Therefore, being justified by fa by faith, look at the word." The word don't mean forgiven. The word means justified. It don't mean you are forgiven. For instance, you heard I got drunk and done some evil things and everything. Then you come around say to me, you found out I didn't do them. You say, "Brother Brandham, I forgive you. You can forgive me in the first now. If I did do it, but you could forgive me, then I wouldn't be guilty. But yet, I'm not justified because I actually done it. But the word justified is don't. It's not even regarded. God's book of the sea of God's book of sea of forgetfulness. Your old book and marriage is divorced and dead. Even in the memories of God, you know, there's another place I don't have the quote for it, but I remember a long time ago. The prophet sometimes we go to God for God is like like I don't know what you're talking about. Like forgive you for what? Okay, let me go check. Let me go check again. And he goes checking and he still don't see it. I don't know what you tell. You have nothing to be forgiven because all he sees is the blood of Jesus. You know, it's the mercies of God. The prophet says, "You are justified. He was accused. You was accused. You never done it in the first place. The whole union is in the sea of of God's forgetfulness. He says you weren't even married to it to begin [Music] with. So now the prophet is taking it further. He says not just that the book has been thrown, but you weren't even married to it. So it's not your fault. The devil thought that you were married to it. You just you just came into this world with it. But you you chose you know Mary to it to begin with. He took your place. Amen. So let's go uh Romans chapter 8 verse 33. Romans 34 uh uh The prophets, the Bible says, "Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect?" It is God that justif. Who is he that condemnth? Who is he that condemn? It is Christ that died. So he's saying that therefore nothing can be charged against you. Because the judge himself is your lover. Because the judge himself is Christ. He's the one that gives the verdict. He's the one that he died already for you. Now, let me try to wrap this up. Okay. Um, you know, so do we, the Bible says that he that the son has made free is free indeed. And we understand that Jesus on the cross when he he died and he says it is finished that made you free. Because the Bible says that by his stripes Are you healed? So everything was finished on Calvary. You don't have to remain bond bond to sin anymore. The Christ is not going to blame you for your sin, but he blames you for refusing to accept that he there is a mercy for you. We just read in the Bible that his mercy is on you every morning. So the the the the fault is that you are not accepting his mercy. That's why you all continue to live in sin. It's like the I remember the prophet talks about that bird that was freed. a birth was freed and he was so used to being in bondage that he kept behaving as if he was still in bondage even though he was free. That's a lot of Christians this morning that day on Calvary already freed you. The prophet says that if you went to Jesus and you say heal me, he told you I he'll tell you I can't. He'll point you back to Calvary. He'll say I already did it. So that's the same thing. A lot of people are living as if they are still bound bound. But I'm here to tell you that the word is already. Psalm 103:10, he has not dealt with us after our sins, nor rewardeth us according to our iniquities. The mercies of God be the prophet says iniquity is when you know what to do right, but you do what's wrong. And a lot of us are guilty of it. But David is telling us that we his chosen he does not deal with us according to our iniquities. Isaiah chapter 40 verse 1-2. Comfort ye comfort you my people sayaith your God comfortably to Jerusalem and cry unto her that her warfare is accomplished that her iniquity is pardoned for she has received of the Lord's hands doubled for all her sins. I'm trying to find a quote to close with. Paragraph 137. The prophet says that many of you here tonight, [Music] the doctors turn you down. There are people sitting in them wheelchairs. They'll probably never come out of there. They are there to stay. Some of them paralyzed in different ways. Apply to this. They say paralyzed in different ways. So even in spiritual ways, some of some of you this morning paralyzed. You can't move. You can't move spiritually with God. Someone who's par uh uh someone who is par paralyzed. You can correct me if I'm wrong. You cannot feel the place where you're paralyzed. Right. Exactly. So some of us the presence of God comes in the place and we don't even feel his presence. Paralyzed spiritually. I know that God is here this morning. But some are don't even know how like they cannot even feel his presence paralyzed spiritually in different ways. They wouldn't come out. Some of some people here the move of God has been in this church but they couldn't even feel the presence of God. They've never felt that before. Because when you are born again, you you are born into another kingdom. So when the things of the kingdom start happening here, you will feel it. You will feel that I'm feeling something from another dimension. Something that other people cannot feel. You can feel it because you are born into that dimension. But you've been paralyzed spiritually. They would never they couldn't come out. There is no way for them to come out. It may seem like you you it's been years. You you always go to church. Oh, I know the message. Brother is a prophet. I just wear dress to go to church. I wear skirts to go to church. But I I've never really failed God. I've I don't even I've never experienced God. I don't even know if God is real. A lot of people a lot of churchgoers are just sympathizers. You just sympathize because you you weren't born knowing that you have to go to church. But I'm telling you, this is more than that. There's a reality to God. God is very real. You know, I used to I used to be like that too. I used to just go to church and like go to and one time it started it started bothering me. I used to be like then how can I like how do I even know that God is real? Am I just going to church like what if this is just something that I was born into just thinking it's real? There's just that one thing about when you're a child of God, you you know you longing some you not in your you feel like you out of place. You want to get back to your original position. we have to get back to our original position and I was like God like I don't know if you are real and it started bothering me and I started praying about that and one one Friday evening because it used to be that um I would see people falling in the spirits and other people speaking in tongues and all that but I I was like how do I know that they're not faking it? I was like, "How do I even know that it's real? I've never experienced God. How do I know that?" Like, I really, it really bothered me. We used to live in Iowa City. So, one Friday, I told God, I was like, "Lord, today, it's time for me to know if you are real or not." I told God that I need to know that those people aren't faking it. I don't want when other people talk when they ask me about Jesus, I just have to give them other people's experience. And some of us are in that condition today. You cannot right now someone out comes from the street and they tell you that I need Jesus. How? Because you don't even know Jesus. You don't even have faith in your own Jesus. You don't even have faith that you can go to him and pray, "Father, here's here's someone who is looking for you because you never had that experience. I don't blame you. You never had that experience. So you how can you because you've never met a real God?" And to be honest, that's a that's what makes it different. Someone who has met Jesus is always different than someone who's never met Jesus. The prophet says that you give me someone who has met you who has the Holy Ghost. Just keep talking and I'll kill this person has been with you. You cannot fake it. If someone has truly had an experience, you can have experience and there is plenty of experience for you to have experience. You can have it today. Don't limit God. And yeah, I'll go back to my story. Yeah. I was like I told God that I need to know that you're real. And that day I went to church. Please. That was the first time I ever got in the spirit. The spirit of God took control over me and I started screaming like never before. God answered my prayer. God showed me that he's real and after that I keep I kept having experiences after experiences and I don't know if brother would would remember that it got to a place where I started having so many experiences that my faith in God started to increase and I wasn't really getting worried about situations. So one time I I remember I think he lost my mom's credit card And we knew that if you lose mom's credit card, it's really a problem. She's going to talk so much. She's going to complain. And I was in the basement and I heard there was a commotion in the living room. I think he was arguing or something like that. That was in. And I called him downstairs to come downstairs. Now things were different with me. I had I had met a God who is real. I knew that I can talk to him like like like a son talks to his father. And I told Gaddy, I was like, Gaddy, this is what happened to me. I had an experience last week. Something similar like that happened and God showed me where the same God who did it for me, he can't do it for you. Instead of arguing and all that, they just get an easy and he still didn't take me seriously. He was laughing. He thought it was all a joke because they had I was a different man. He just didn't know it yet. We met God. And I told him I was like, "Let's get on our knees and pray." And we got on our knees and we prayed. And I told God that God, this is the card that was lost. I know that the Bible says, "You know all things. you know exactly where that card is. You can lead us to that card. I said in the name of Jesus Christ, amend he still was disbelieving. He went upstairs and I knew he was he still wasn't taking me seriously and I I don't even think even five minutes went by. I I I remember I think I heard a not a voice but it was something that spoke to me and told me exactly where the card was something close to I don't remember it's been long a lot of minutes went by we found the card you know and it's happened several times in my life that sometime I don't worry about that's why sometime people don't understand I don't worry about situation and when I do I get on my knees and I ask God to get me back in line I know that God is real and And I want every one of you to meet him because it will make you a different person. My life has been changed since then. I've had several one time I needed $300. That was a long time ago, too. I came to church and I and I was broke. I really was broke. You know, I was telling my family, um, I was looking at my previous taxes from multiple years ago when I was a student and I realized that I really was broke and I needed $300 and I remember, yeah, this is a good testimony. So, I I hadn't paid my tithing. I didn't pay my tithing and I was like but but I wanted to pay my tithing but I didn't have money. So what it happened I had done several months of not paying my tithing. Now I wanted to take all that money together and pay it all at once and it was $300. So that's why I needed that money. I needed money so I can pay for my time because I wanted to be right. So imagine I wasn't even right with God because I hadn't paid my tithe. But God saw my intentions that my intention was right were right with you. If you're struggling paying your tithing, ask God to help you. So I asked God for $300 and I finished praying. And as I finished praying, I forgot about my prayer. And um what was that again? I remember brother Brooks sent me a message and he said that the Lord told me to tell you that he heard your prayer, you know. He told me that and I was like I was like okay that's that's a very broad statement like what do you mean? I have so many prayers that I make. How do I know that this is I literally prayed about $300 and he's I was I mean I was nice about it. I was like thank you but it still didn't answer my question. And then brother Brooks comes to church and I used to I almost used to leave her church during those days. I remember one time brother Marshall he used to come to church and he asked me brother do you have a home? Even Frank can be a witness. I used to live with Frank before my family moved to De Mo and Frank said that you're going to have problems if you get married because you always at church all the time. So, Brother Brooks came to church. And he cames and he says he feels in his heart to give me $300. He gave me $300 and I took that money, not even telling him why I needed that. I took that money, I put that in an envelope and I gave it back to God as well. So I know that God is real. You know, that's why I said last Sunday, a lot of us are living under privileges. We have a God. God is so earning. God wants you to ask him. God doesn't want you to to to to uh struggle when situations come before you. So there's a difference when someone meets God. different ways. I'll just read it from here. Paralyzed in different they couldn't come out. There's no way for them to come out. But God rich in mercies has provided an atonement. So many of people paralyzed spiritually. The mercies of God is here. He's saying that you can also have an experience with him. That was not only for brother Brandham. That was not only for brother Brooks. That's not only for me. That's also for you. His mercies on you every every morning. He says, "Don't turn it down. Receive it. If you're ready to receive the mercies of God this morning, just stand on your feet." Apparently, people didn't understand what I said. If you are ready to receive the mercies of God, stand on your feet and if you don't, you can say you can sit down. Don't the prophet is saying don't turn it down. Receive it. There's men out there with hard trouble. So he said hard trouble but I said there are men out there with troubles, things that trouble you in your life, things that trouble you in your in your house, in your career. There's people with cancers that the that the doctors can do nothing with. He says you are hopeless. You are helpless in this world. helpless. When you feel like you've asked for all the help you could and you still don't have the help you need, Jesus want to be your help. Jesus want to be your hope. The prophet says, "But God rich in mercy. Hallelujah. He's not poor in mercy. God is rich in mercy. If you want to feel God, God's in he's rich in mercy. If you want to have an experience with God, God is telling you he's rich in mercy. God rich in his mercy has sent down the Holy Ghost. I know God is here. I can't hallelujah. God has sent down the Holy Ghost. Let's make this personal this morning. God reaches mercy. He knew your conditions. And he has sent down the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost is here. God rich in his mercy has the Holy Ghost and is right here now to confirm the word. The Holy Ghost is right here to confir his mercy. He's still there for you. No matter how far you feel like you've gone, no matter what the sins you've committed, God's mercy is here. There's a fountain filled with blood. God is here right now to confirm the word to prove that he's the same yesterday and forever. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What was it yesterday? He forgave the woman at the well. He forgave the woman that was caught in adultery. He changed their lives. Where was he yesterday? He gave mercy to the prophet. Why was he yesterday when the prophet was shot in the leg and he was dying? He was living in sin and he was going to hell. He cried out, "Lord, be merciful today." That same God is the same today. He's the I am. Jesus is here today. And he's the same yesterday, today, and because we deserve it. There's none of us that deserve it. Fix your expectation first. Know that you don't deserve his mercy. Lord, I don't deserve your mercy. I know my life. I know how many times I fall short. Even I come for the same thing time after time. Lord, forgive me. Forgive me. And then I repeat the same thing again. Forgive me. I repeat the same but he hasn't given up on you because every morning his mercy. Amen. Thank you Lordra. He says because it's not because we we deserve it but it's because God is rich. Now that's the one that's the person. It's the Lord Jesus. He's not dead, brothers. Jesus is not dead. You can experience God. He's not dead, but he has risen from the dead. And he is alive forever more. That's the news that Satan doesn't want to hear. He's alive forever. Satan tried to kill Jesus on the cross. Jesus is alive. But what Satan is even fearing is he doesn't want that Jesus. You need the Holy Ghost. You need to make Jesus. How many people want the Lord Jesus to be in their heart? He's seeing your hands right now. Jesus is seeing your hands. Still with him. Remember, don't be sincere with me because I cannot give you the Holy Ghost. I cannot change your life. But I know a God who can say have I not Peter. As such as I have, I give it all. I don't have any money, but what I have is the Lord Jesus. I can I give you the Lord Jesus. It's that person. He is the same yesterday. And look what the prophet says. He's still just as rich in his mercy as he was to the woman that had a blood [Music] issue. He's still as merciful as he was to that woman. What did you do yesterday? What did you do that you feel like it's condemning you so bad? What did you do the past 10 years that the devil is still the same today? You know, he says he he's still the same that woman that had an issue of blood. A woman that was sick, she had had an issue of blood for seven years, but she made it throughout her life. The prophet tells us that the same mercy is still the same. Whatever sickness you have, God's mercy is still the same. And she started through the crowd. There was no hopes for her. No hopes for her. The doctors had done all that they could. She had a blood issue. She was dying and she touched the master's garment. This morning you have touched the master's garment. blood rich in mercy. I told her of her condition and she was healed of this blood. Foul prostitute went up to a well one day. She had been excommunicated from the virgin from around the people. Her life was no good. What's the use of trying? Is that what you're saying? What's the use of coming to church? What's the use of trying to be a Christian? I keep falling finding myself in repeating. I I once used to say that. I got to a point where I was finding myself repeating the same mistake after them. Then what's the point? If God won't deliver me, then what's the point of coming? If if if God be with us, then where are all the miracles? Is this message true or not? You need to come to that question to experience that. Ask yourself, is this message true? And if this message is not true to you, then stop coming to church. You have to get into a place where the message is becomes a reality. I have experienced God. I know it's true. So can you say what's the use of trying? Turn out there's nothing left of me. But she looked standing over on the side and sitting by the side of the well. And there was a man sitting there who told her, "She looked, brother, sister, look, God rich in mercy." The same God tonight, the prophet says, "The same God this afternoon. He's just as rich in his mercy and just the same as he was with them days. Do you believe that? I read that one more time. That same God to this morning, not the God of the past, but this morning, he's just as rich as he was. Amen. Amen. How many wants healing? Raise your hand. If you need the Holy Ghost to raise you need deliverance, raise your hand. You can talk to him in your seat or you can come pray here. I want you to talk to God here and he want to hear you talk to him. Whatever you have, God's mercy is here this morning. Don't turn it down. I prophesy don't turn it down. It's not in my hands anymore. It's in your hands. Pardon is pardon when it's re it's been received after. Let's sing. There is a fountain. There there is a found 10 filled with blood drawn from ve and sinners [Applause] plunge the flood. lose all their guilty. Lose all. Lose all their guilty and stop praying to God. Stop talking to him. Lose all who you are, wherever you are. There's the mercy of God this morning. God in my sene the flood lose all their guilty dying thief rejoice to see the found in his name. Oh, talk to God. Pray to him. God said that he will not reject him who comes to him. As long as you're sincere with him, he's there for you. Wash all. This is the way. Wash all my sins. Oh, my people and me. My singious [Music] All the friends of God. [Music] Lord [Music] We is praise. [Music] all of God. Hallelujah. He save [Music] Lord, thank you. Everybody, [Music] I [Music] pray I pray, Father God, that you open this door. Amen. [Music] Give me [Music] King of [Music] [Music] [Music] to rid my soul of one dark blood to thee. Whose blood can cleanse each of [Music] God. I come. for just as I am. Thou will receive will welcome heart in cleans and relief. Because thy promise I believe of God [Music] our just as I in thy love unknown has proved a rear down thou to him. Oh thine alone. Holy of God I come. [Music] Oh, may sing grace, how sweet the sound. Amen. has save a rich like me who I once was lost but now I'm gone but Now I see to grace my heart to fear and grace my fears renew. [Music] Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. [Music] me called and on the [Music] blood to praise. [Music] [Laughter] Pes [Music] [Music] That [Music] [Music] curs Oh Oh sh [Music] [Music] detoan. [Music] [Music] Oh, that [Music] tell the two [Music] [Music] deliver your [Music] dream that sweet [Music] one. Long [Music] me. Oh, [Music] bless your sweet jian. [Music] at [Music] confessl. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh. Amen. [Music] [Music] Merc. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] More yet. Oh God. [Music] Tell your [Music] sweet death. [Music] What happened is that God confirmed to you that his his mercies are new every morning. God confirmed to you that he's still just as merciful to you as he was to those others. but if some didn't understand French when the spirit got into the sister she was saying that they are lost they are lost maybe there's still one person who hasn't responded to the call wherever you are in your seat you having a mind battle whether you should come to get prayed for or not because God is rich in mercy. He's extending his call again. He's making a second call to you. Wherever you are, don't let pride get ahead of you. I'm making a second call again. If you feel like you should have been in the altar praying and you didn't, the altar is open. We're going to sing again. The mercies of God on you every morning. Don't let nothing hinder you. Jesus will not leave one of you behind. And he's very merciful. Again, again I ask, you know, don't say when the day of of judgment comes, don't say that you weren't asked. I'm asking again. You know, nothing is guaranteeing you that you're going to leave a day from now. Nothing is guarantee you. Brother Keith was at church before he passed away. We had a good service with him and the evening he passed away. Nothing is guaranteeing you even the next hour. Are you sure that if you were to die right now, you are right with God. Are you sure? Examine your lives right now. Well, the fountain of God is open. The mercies of God is still here right now. Examine your lives. And if you feel like you need to come, I mean making a second call, the altar is open. is [Music] you go [Music] sweet. for one. Oh Lord [Music] don't [Music] for [Music] me please [Music] Take your [Music] sweet tell your [Music] Oh [Music] one corners [Music] on the [Music] [Music] Abs. Amen. [Music] Deers said oh [Music] Earth that b to be shore. [Music] Tell [Music] me one. Oh [Music] halleluah do oh more [Music] fatherless. Mercitation. [Music] your [Music] street. Amen. Let's let's pray. Let's bow our head. Dear heavenly father, Lord Jesus, how good you have been to us, Lord. Lord, you never fail us, Lord. You never fail to be merciful to us. As the lamentation says, it is the goodness of the Lord. It's because of his mercies that we are not consumed because your mercies are new every morning. Oh, this afternoon you I had another sermon. No wonder I couldn't I just felt something was off and you knew that your children needed to hear this one. And Lord, a lot of them have have responded, Lord, and some from their seats, some here. But Lord, you wouldn't give a message unless if it had to have a purpose because you said in your word, Father, that the word of God will not return void. but he will always accomplish the purpose for which you Lord Jesus you sent your word of mercy to them this morning and we trust that he's accomplished the purpose for them. I pray, oh Lord God, that you said in your word that though their sins may be red as a crimson, I'll make them white as snow. Lord, they've all confessed their sins. Lord, they've repented, Lord. Right now, as your servant, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ, that you wipe all their sins away, Lord, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ that you see of forgetfulness. Oh, Satan, you are defeated. Satan, you pointing at the old book, but their names have been written in the lamb's book of life. Their sins are forgiven. They are new creatures in Christ. They have responded to the call. Satan, you have lost. Satan, your kingdom has been teared down. Satan, get your hands off the properties. In the name of Jesus Christ, I pray that the Holy Ghost in the name of Jesus Christ, I pray that the fire of God touch their life. In the name of Jesus Christ, Satan lose them in the name of Jesus Christ. I pray that the bondage of Satan be broken. Oh, the Holy Ghost will consume. I pray that the fire of God come and consume whatever God Satan, you had another agenda. Satan, you had another agenda. But they came to Jesus. They came to Jesus. Satan, you made a mistake. They came to the power of all time. And in the name of Jesus Christ, that power is breaking you down. Get your hands off of them. They are the property of God. Jesus bought them with his blood. You have tormented them so long. Today is the day. Today is the day. Brothers and sisters, are you ready to let the devil go? Brothers and sisters, you are the one that have to decide. I'm not deciding for you. I'm asking again. Do you want to be set free? Do you want that demon to leave you? Have you confessed your sins in the name of Jesus Christ? Satan, leave them in the name of Jesus Christ. Satan, you are weak. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The power of God is there. In the name of Jesus Christ, Satan, leave them. [Applause] Hallelujah. [Music] In the name of Jesus Christ. That's the sound of freedom. Oh, when the children of Israel were freed, Miriam started dancing with a tambourine. What they were hearing were the sound of freedom. Tonight this afternoon, you all hear the sound of liberty. They are free. They are free. They are free. Don't let Satan kick you around. The enemy is defeated. Why? Because God rich in mercy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God rich in mercy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Think about the mercy of God. Just think about his mercy. God rich in mercy. Why you? Because God rich in mercy. Your sins are forgiven. Your sins are forgiven. [Music] They are thrown in the sea of forgetfulness. But God want you to be thankful for his mercy. Because it's his mercies that doing all the work. I can't do nothing on my own. I can't do nothing on my own. But God rich in his mercy provided this message to this morning. Are you grateful to God? Show him your gratitude. You know when the when the children of Israel were set free from bondage, they danced. They marched, Miriam had a tambourine. They were hearing sound of freedom. So I want us to sing a song. And I want you to sing till the the de the devil has to leave this building. Sing like you've never sung before. All my life you have been [Music] faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, all my life, all my life, you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so With every breath that I am, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fail. Just sing. Just sing. Worship God right now. Oh, all my things have been held in your hands. Just sing to God. From the moment that from the moment that you wake up until you lay your head. Oh, I will sing all the goodness of God. Oh my life. Cuz all my life you have been all my life you've been faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your [Music] voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest. You are close like know he's he's close to you in your darkest moments. I've known you as a father. Oh, I know you as a friend. Oh, I have to live with the goodness. Oh, sing it. Cuz all my life you've been faithful. All my life you have been faithful. Oh, you've been so faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able I will sing of the goodness of God. Let's pray. [Music] You know, I feel led to ask everybody to just lay your hand on your neighbor and we're going to [Music] pray. Dear heavenly father, Lord Jesus, thank you for your goodness. Thank you for your mercy. Thank you for this service. Thank you for healing us. Thank you for forgiving our sins. Thank you, Lord, for saving us. Thank you for sending us the message of Lord. Thank you for giving us a church. Above all, Lord, thank you for your blood. Jesus, I pray that you bless your children. Lord, we read that we are blessed because the Bible says, "Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin." Lord, I pray that you send your blessings in their lives as they're laying their hands on each other. I pray that whosoever came in this church a little bit sick, give him healing in the name of Jesus Christ. I pray that you set the captive free. I pray that you provide to their needs that you protect them throughout the week. That this week may be a different week that this week may be a week full of blessings. Why? Because we have received the mercies of God. Let that this week they may walk differently. Lord Jesus, I pray right now, Lord, that you dwell inside of them. I pray that you install yourself in their hearts and that you live with them. Lord, be with them throughout the week, at work, and everywhere. And we thank you for this service in the wonderful name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you. And I think we had birthday um some people to pray for their birthdays. If you can come forward [Music] The name of Jesus. Oh, such a lovely lovely name. The name I [Music] love. Oh, such a lovely, lovely name, the name of [Music] Jesus. Oh, such a lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely name. Such a holy name. Oh, such a holy, holy name. The name of Jesus. Oh, such a holy, holy name. The name I [Music] love the name of Jesus. Oh, such a holy, holy, holy, holy name. Such a lovely name. Amen. Oh, such a lovely, lovely name. The name of Jesus. Oh, such a lovely, lovely name. The name I love. [Music] Oh, such a lovely lovely name. The name of Jesus. Oh, such a lovely lovely lovely lovely name. God bless you. Hallelujah. [Music] Yes. [Music] [Music] foreign. [Music] She [Music] [Music] Yes. [Music] Yes. [Music] Yes. [Music] Yes, [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] for now. [Music] [Music] for me Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Foreign [Music] [Music] speech. foreign. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh my goch. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, baba. [Music] We know [Music] [Music] No, not [Music] [Music] Baba baba baba. [Music] Oh, [Music] [Music] Oh [Music] [Music] sh. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's good to have a little bit of home. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Isaac has amen. Just a school report. Amen. For the young children. Amen. Amen. God bless you. I was sent the school uh the Sunday school report to read to you. Uh so this Sunday for the adult children, the lesson was uh they studied a lesson on Solomon and Sodom and Gomorrah and they went over the importance of of repenting and not looking back to the world. And as their homework, they read Genesis 18 verse 20 to 33. And they also read Genesis u well their homework is to read Genesis 18 verse 20-33 and Genesis 19 papers were handed out to all the kids where they will write in a minimum of five complete lines what they've learned from the story. The due date of the homework is next Sunday. [Music] Sank. Let's just this last song. Amen. your rugged cross on a hill far away stood an old rugged cross, the emblems of suffering and shame. Oh, and I love that old cross where the dearest and best for a world of lost sinners was slain. Oh, so I'll cherish the old rugged cross. Oh, till my trophies at last I lay down. Oh, I will cling to the old ruged cross. and exchange it someday for a crown. Oh, in that old rugged cross stained with blood so divine. A wonderous beauty I see. Amen. What was on that old cross? Jesus suffered and died toarted and sanctify me. [Music] Oh, so I'll cherish the old rugged cross until my trophies at last I lay down. Oh, I will cling to the old ruged [Music] cross and exchange it someday for a crown. [Music]
