################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-10 - He Made Me This Way  Pastor Isiah Brooks  Wed 7925 - Isiah Brooks.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-10
Title:   He Made Me This Way || Pastor Isiah Brooks || Wed 7/9/25
Speaker: Isiah Brooks
Church:  Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqk7s6m3XO4
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. God bless you. It's good to be here this this evening. Amen. Hallelujah. Happy to see the doors open. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. I just want to congratulate Sister Brooks. Brother Brooks, 48 years of marriage today. Right, sister. Praise God. Amen. Praise God for this 48 years. Y praise the Lord. Amen. It's a wonderful example for all of us. Amen. I'm sure she'll say that, you know, not all beautiful, wonderful, happy Cloud9 stuff, but praise the Lord, there's been plenty of of good times. Amen. That the Lord has blessed them. Amen. Wonderful family. Amen. Let's sing this song. Amen. His banner over me is love. He brought me to his banqueting table. His banner over me is love. He brought me to his banqueting table. His banner over me is love. He brought me to his banqueting table. His banner over me is love. His banner over me is love. Amen. He set straight path before my feet. His banner over me is love. He set straight path before my feet. His banner over me is love. He set straight pass before my feet. His banner over me is love. love. Oh, his better over me. His love. Amen. Oh, he broke the chains and he set me free. His banner over me is love. He broke the chains and he set me free. His banner over me is love. He broke the chains and he set me free. His banner over me is love. Oh, his banner over me is love. Amen. Oh, I am my beloveds and he is mine. His banner over me is love. I am my beloved and he is mine. His banner over me is love. I am my beloved and he is mine. His banner over me is love. His banner over me is love. Amen. He brought me to his banqueting table. His banner over me is love. He brought me to his banqueting table. His banner over me is love. He brought me to his banqueting table. His banner over me is love. is better over me. His love. He broke the chain. He broke the chains and he set me free. His banner over me is love. He broke the chains and he set me free. His banner over me is love. He broke the chains and he set me free. His banner over me is love. His banner over me is love. Amen. Aren't you glad? Amen. That he's he has a banquet for us tonight. Amen. Aren't you glad for that? Amen. and his banner over us is love. That's why we're here tonight. Amen. I just wanna Amen. It's nice to see you, brother James. Amen. Amen. I just want to say hi to Riley. Amen. Welcome tonight. We're all your friends, your dad's friends. So, welcome here. Amen. Hallelujah. I just have a also a prayer request for sister from the Brookses, Sister Ruby. We had they have a friend down in Texas. Her name is April. Uh and April was in a a car accident with two little children. Uh she seems like she got the worst of it. Um basically she was distracted by the children and a turn and got thrown off the road and hit some trees, got airlifted and I think they brought her back four or five times from death. and she has these I think three or four children to raise. So she's in the process right now of having surgery. Uh and I just want us to uh you know as we bring this we open with with prayer here that we remember April you know when Jesus you know was told of something that was going on it it affected him right away. when they came to him and told him Lazarus is dying, you know, you know, he he wept is what what the Bible said and then he went into action. The Bible said and then the Lord told him what to do and and he knew what he had to do. So, you know, in this day, it's Christ in us and Christ in his bride. Amen. Jesus might not be here walking on earth. Amen. But that's why the Holy Ghost for each one of us. Amen. So, let's just Amen. As Jesus took this information from about Lazarus, let's take this from April. We don't know April, but friends of brother Brooks. Amen. So, let's just take that to a prayer. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, we come Lord me and humbly before your throne of mercy. Lord, asking for your grace. Lord, we thank you, Lord, for this day. Father, we thank you, Father, Lord, that you given us this day. Lord, you set a banquet before before us, Lord, to receive, Father, all that you have for us today. Lord, we ask, Lord, that you be high and lifted up, Lord, in this service, Father. Lord, may you be glorified, Father. And Lord, Father, as we hear of this this situation with April, Father, Lord, Lord, we may not know April, Lord, but Lord, you know everyone, Lord, you know all. And Lord, so Father, Lord, tonight, Father, we ask, Lord, together, Lord, and individually, Father, Lord, we ask for your mercy. We ask, Lord, that you guide the hands of the surgeon. We ask Father Lord that that she would come out of this Lord without any Lord major damage Lord and a greater love for you Father Lord and Lord help those children Father Lord that maybe without their mom for a little while. I pray Lord that you would Lord make things good over there Lord that the the children would not suffer Lord but touch the body of of of of April Father Lord and most importantly touch her soul Father Lord we give you praise and honor Lord we ask Lord tonight Father Lord as we enter in Lord the service Father Lord may you Lord Father we know you're here father Lord the word says you're here and we believe it father Lord so Lord Lord, may you take preeminence, have control tonight. Bless our pastor, Lord. May you, Lord, may you, Lord, guide those words, Lord, that come out, Lord, of his mouth, Father. Lord, and may it go, Lord, for edifying of our souls, Father. We give you honor. We give you praise, Lord. We thank you for all that you do, Lord. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's sing this little song. Blessed assurance. Amen. Oh blessed assurance Jesus is mine. Oh, what a for taste of glory divine. Hair of salvation, purchase of God, born of his spirit, washed in his blood. Oh, this is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Yes, this is my story. This is my song. [Music] Praising my savior all the day long. Perfect submission, perfect delight, [Music] visions of rapure now burst on my side. Angels descending bring from above. Echoes of mercy, whispers of love. Amen. Oh, this is my story. This is my song. [Music] Praising my savior [Music] all the day long. Oh, this is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Oh, perfect submission. All is at rest. [Music] I and my Savior am happy and blessed. Watching and waiting, looking above, filled with his goodness, [Music] lost in his love. Oh, this is my story. This is my song. [Music] Praising my Savior. All the day long. Oh, this is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Blessed assurance. Oh, blessed assurance. [Music] Jesus is mine. Oh, what a full taste of glory divine. Air of salvation, purchased of God, born of his spirit, [Music] washed in his blood. Amen. Yes. This is my story. This is my song. [Music] Praising my Savior [Applause] all the day long. Yes, this is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing this song. Amen. Redeemed. Amen. Hallelujah. I thank the Lord. Amen. You know, that's the first thing the Lord put on my heart when he told me that testimony. five minutes ago or whatever was Lazarus. Amen. I didn't think of that in myself. Amen. So the Lord knows. Amen. He knows where we should be. We ought to be. Amen. As Christians. Amen. Sometimes we're we're slow. Amen. But we need to come up higher. Amen. Redeemed. How I love to proclaim him. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed through his infinite mercy, his child. And forever I am. Redee, redeemed, redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed, redeemed, his child. And forever I am. I think of thy blessed redeemer. I think of him all the day long. I sing for I cannot be silent. His love is the theme of my song. Redee, redeemed, redeemed by the blood of the lamb redeemed, redeemed, his child. And forever I am. I know I shall see in his beauty. The king in whose law I delight. Who lovingly guardeth my footsteps and giveth me songs in the night. Redee, redeemed, redeemed by the blood of the lamb. [Music] Redeemed, redeemed, his child. And forever I am redeemed and so happy in Jesus. No languish my rapture can tell. I know that the light of his presence with me shall continually dwell. Redee, redeemed, redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redee, redeemed. His land forever. I am redeemed. Redeemed. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redee redeemed his child and forever I am. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. I've been changed. Amen. How many can see that today? Amen. Been born again. Amen. Praise the Lord. I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. I've been changed from the creature that I once was and redeemed is now my name. Oh, I've been changed and I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearray. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God has been changed. your sin. Oh, I've been changed and I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearray. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, has been changed. Though my skin were as scarlet, they're white as snow. I was bound, but today I am free. I was lost in the darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Yes, I've been changed. And I've been new. Oh, now all my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. Oh, my life. Praise God has been changed. Oh, when at last in his presence I stand above. He will wipe every tear from my eyes. And I'll thank him for giving a rich light me a new home beyond the sky. Oh, I've been changed and I've been reborn. Now all my life been rearrayed. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. Oh, my life. Praise God. Has been changed. Oh, I've been changed and I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearray. [Music] Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. Oh my life. Praise God. Has been changed once again. Oh, I've been changed and I've been reborn. Now all my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. Oh, my life. Praise God. has been changed. Hallelujah. Amen. The song of a believer. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Let's sing this as the brother Isaiah gets ready to come. Amen. In the sweet by and by. Hallelujah. Amen. There's a land that is fairer than day and by faith we can see it afar. Oh the father waits over the way to prepare us a dwelling place there. Oh, in the sweet. By and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. Oh, in the sweet. By and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. Oh, we shall sing on that beautiful shore. the melodious songs of the bless and our spirit shall sorrow no more. [Music] Not a sign for the blessing of rest. Oh, in the sweet. By and by, we shall meet on that beautiful soul. Oh, in the sweet. By and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. In the sweet. Amen. Oh, in the sweet. By and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. Oh, in the sweet. By and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. Oh, to our bountyful father above. We will offer a tribute of praise for the glorious gift of his love and the blessings that hallow our day. Oh, in the sweet. By and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. Oh, in the sweet. By and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. Oh, we shall sing on that beautiful shore. [Music] The melodious songs of the bless and our spirit shall sorrow no more. Not a sigh for the blessing of bread. Oh, in the sweet. By and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. Oh, in the sweet. By and by, we shall meet on that beautiful soul. [Music] Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Amen. What a mighty God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty amen. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Yes. What a mighty God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Once again, what a mighty God we serve. Yes, what a mighty God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Jesus is the God. Amen. Oh, Jesus is that God we serve. Oh, Jesus is the God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adors him. Jesus is the God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. [Music] Oh, what a mighty God we serve. There'll be shouting over yonder and there'll be shouting over there. And when we shout, get together, we're going to enjoy one another. And there'll be joy, great joy to my soul of every singing over yonder and every singing over there. And when we singers get together, we're going to enjoy one another. And there be joy, great joy to my soul. There'll be shouting over yonder. And there be shouting over there. And when we shout, get together, we're going to enjoy one another. And there be joy, great joy to my soul. Oh, there be praises over yonder and there be praises over there. And when those praisers get together, we're going to enjoy one another. And there'll be joy. Hey, joy to my soul. Jumping. Here we jumping over yonder. And here we jumping over there. And when we jumpers get together, we're going to enjoy one another. And there'll be joy. Hey, joy to my soul. Woo! They'll be running over yonder. And they'll be running over there. And when we runners get together, we're going to enjoy one another. And there'll be joy, great joy to my soul. Oh, there be singing over yada. And there be singing over there. And when we sing earth and together we're going to enjoy one another and every joy joy to my soul. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Ah God is so good to us. Amen. We're going to just get right into the word of God. We thank God for all of you being here tonight. Good to see you, brother Eric. Amen. We're going to be coming from Genesis the first chapter. Just a little thought which kind of coincide or go with the last message we made. We've been preaching having that assurance. Having that assurance I believe brother Bradam said once the bride comes to know who she is she will become an invincible army. This this knowing who she is comes by a revelation uh intimacy with God. That's the only way you'll know. It won't be a knowledge in your head. Your spirit can fail you, right? But your soul says, "Amen." Right? So we thank God for his goodness. Genesis 1 27:31. You know, I think about how great God is and how small we are. It it it uh learning or trying to comprehend his love for us seem to be so uncomprehensible. Because even in our love for each other is limited. But God loves go beyond. Like I said, he's so wide. Can't go around so high. Can't go over it. So low. You can't go under it. It's amazing. Genesis 1:27:31 it says, "So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him. Male and female created he them." And God blessed them. And God said unto them, "Be fruitful and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it, and have dominion over the fish, and of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth." Amen. And God said, "Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of the earth, and every tree in the which is the fruit of the tree, yielding seed, to you it shall be for meat. And to every beast of the earth, and to every foul of the air, and to everything that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for meat. And it was so. And God saw everything that he had made. And behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day. We'll go to Um, let's let's just go here. Bear with me. Just Colossians the second chapter the ninth and 10th verse. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. We just appreciate the Lord for what he's doing and what he has done in these last days. For in him dwelleth all the fullness of the Godhead bodily, and ye are complete in him. Amen. which is the head of all principality and power. Amen. Amen. When we think about being complete in him, it's being filled with him. Now you stand as a complete house. Amen. You love the Lord. Let us have a word of prayer. Dear heavenly father god, we do come before you Lord as humble as we know how. We thank you for this time opportunity to approach your word. We are an unworthy creature, but we are worthy only because you have made us worthy through the blood of your dear son Jesus Christ. And so we thank you Lord God tonight. Hallelujah for being our all and all. Words cannot express our gratitude. Cannot even comprehend the love that you have for us. But I pray tonight that this love will consume all of us Lord from the bottom of our feet to the top of our head in our body and our soul and in our spirit. So let it be Lord Jesus. This is our desire to be just like you. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Having that assurance. Good to see you, brother Jim. God bless you, too. We thank God for being so real to us. As I say, the message continue on. It's forever opening up. It's forever unveiling itself. And you know this message is Jesus Christ. So you'll know it'll never have an ending. The natural things of life may end. But this message or this will will continue. for an example. We're now sitting here in Iowa mo Iowa. But the Bible has also declared us to be in heaven already. You understand me? It it doesn't stop here. And we have a journey. We have a destiny. And this word is our road map. It's literally guiding us and showing us the way to reach that on the other side. Now, we always say that Satan is defeated. But not only is Satan defeated, but when we look in the Bible, we can see the very end of the devil. So, he has a journey too. And God predestinated these journeys, these destinies. And these destinies were were as brother Brandham said were were were made so by by our free will and our decision before the foundation of the world. So when you say my subject tonight, God made me this way. He made you this way. And we ought to be happy about the way God has made us. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It doesn't matter. This outward appearance means nothing. is the inward man that we ought to be concerned with being in the image and likeness of God. Uh we know that this outer man what God is. Uh when Moses wanted to see God, God told him he couldn't see his face. But hide yourself in the cliff of the rock and I will pass by. And when Moses saw God, he saw the back of a man. Brother Brandham says, God is a man. Now remember this, in the beginning, God was just spirit. And there's no way to describe him. He was a fountain of everything that was beautiful, everything that was good, everything that was lovely. There was no darkness in him. Matter of fact, he was the one who created dark. Hallelujah. I'm saying all of these things because our minds really we try to grab it. We we try to hold on to it. But you you must understand that God set this thing in a way. The only way that you can understand this is by faith. And when you believe God, God will then reveal to youh [Music] that which you can't see with your eyes. For an example, brother Brandham never knew he was going to the next dimension. And and think about it, you know, God took him to another dimension, not at the beginning of his ministry, almost at the end of it. So you can understand, he needed a little boost, too. He said, "Lord, I'm I'm I'm 50ome years old." Oh, man. I don't have much time to to to live. If I'm going to do anything for God, I got to be about my father's business. And every time I hear him say that, I'm like, "Okay, that therefore in order to find me, you're going to have to use a microscope." And I don't say that in in a joking way. It is a reality when we see what brother the Lord used what God did through him and it didn't stop when he went on to glory it continue on people are still being saved under this message and the bride is still being called but it was because one man was made a certain way. All of us are not made prophets. Our conscious and subconscious does not just blend together. But this this man, William Brandham, William was uh uh created and designed to be able to see and hear things that the average Christian can't see. You understand? Paul was a similar type of man. [Music] But Paul even came to say, "We no longer know uh Jesus Christ after the flesh, but after the spirit." Because the spirit can take you further and higher than any fleshly man can do. Hallelujah. You know, brother Brandham laying on his bed you know, didn't ask God, can I see heaven? The Lord came to him. He pushed the button and took the astronaut beyond the curtain of time. So that you understand you have been designed in a certain way that when God get ready to push your button, you're going to go exactly where he wants you to go. All of us want we want that adoption. We we want to see the fullness of Christ. But if you listen to the message, the prophet God said it won't be by somebody laying their hands on you. He said, "You can be in the kitchen. You can be at work. You can be wherever." Hallelujah. And then God will come to you. Oh, somebody help me here. I'm trying not to get excited. But God will then come to you. And then he will set you in that place and he will cause heaven to bow down to you. See, it's all God cuz none of us know when we're ready. We don't know when I can when everything is complete. Only God knows. But they that wait upon the Lord. See, we got to understand we're made a certain way. Hallelujah. There are people out there who never thirst for God. Oh my God. I feel his presence. But you have been made to thirst for God. Hallelujah. It's not about you. It's about how you've been made. He made you to thirst after him. Hallelujah. And then he said, "Whosoever hunger and thirst after me shall be filled." Hallelujah. This is how you identify who you are in this hour. God, I want more of you every day. I want more of you. That thirst that you have, God gave it to you and he promised to fill you in his time. He made us this way. We can't help it. I don't want to stop it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Listen. Coming from the message question and answers on Genesis uh uh year 53. 0729. 0729. And the prophet of God said this in the 21st verse. We got to understand we got to love who he made us. We we must love what he made us. You say, "Brother, but what about all my faults?" That's his permissive will. But he made you that way. He know every fault you have, every little thing that goes wrong with you. He's not throwing his mouth hand up to his mouth like I can't believe it. No, he knows the beginning from the ending. Don't let the devil condemn you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We didn't ask to come this way. Because of Adam and Eve, we are now plunged into this. Hallelujah. And out of all the bodies in the world, this age has the most hybrid bodies ever. Y'all understand me? You were made in an age where brother Brandham said the majority of the people in this generation will have rotted brains. Insane. They can't help it. The word has gone out. He didn't say how it was going to happen. We know how it has happened. through all the food, through the water, through everything. Satan is making his Eden. You understand me? And all of his children is insane. Yes. But he made you different. He has kept your mind from insanity. Hallelujah. Y'all know it's true. Many times the devil want to push you to insanity and God said not. So he comes right in on time. He's a mind fixer and a hard regulator. He made you this way because instead of allowing him, the devil to take you over, guess what we do? We call on Jesus and he's made us that way. It's like a child when they in trouble. Mama, daddy. Yes. That's what we do automatically. And he always comes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Now, I won't say God doesn't allow people to go through mental battles, stress, and brother said, "You could be totally insane. They still have the Holy Ghost. He made us this way. people who even go through Alzheimer's. Alzheimer's Alzheimer's. Yes, they go through it. But if they have a if they have a love of God in their soul, they might forget your name, but they won't forget Jesus. You try it. Go in there, say something about Jesus, and see won't they wake up. You see what I'm saying? God, we're made this way. We're made this. I'm so happy to be made in the image and likeness of God. I'm so happy to know my future. Y'all better hear what I said. I am so happy to know my future. And every true believer of this message, you ought to be happy because God has already told you your future. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We don't go to hell. We go up. We're made this way. That's why we were born in this uh not only this age. This is why we're born in this age. Cool to the devil. You worked your works for thousands of years, but this group that you wanted the most you can't touch. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Why? Because this group, it has been revealed to them that their names were written on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. So you understand he can't lose you. He can't lose you. You have already made it. That's the truth. Praise the Lord. Is that not what brother preached? Why? He said, why do you worry? Amen. Why worry? If you truly is chosen by God, Let me ask you something. There's not one, let me say it like this. There's not one person in here who can say I did this and I did that. And that's what makes me buy. Every one of us know is by the grace of God. You know what? If you be honest with you, you don't even fully understand election. [Music] and you're glad you've been elected. It's amazing that we could love a word that the world hates. We can have fellowship around a word that all hell hates. What is it about you? Amen. He designed you differently. Hallelujah. Can I say it like this? You might look faulty, but but of all the men and women of all ages, you are the greatest. Could I say like if we we dealt with models of computers? [Music] Let's say it like this because you can you can kind of comprehend that. You are the most advanced of all the computers. You understand what I mean? Of all men. You are the most advanced. All men. because you get the greater portion. And God designed you this way. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm glad to be designed this way that not only can I hear the word, I can see the word. I can read the word. So this generation that can see and hear and believe. Look all the look at look look at all the blessings that comes with that. Now, let me get back to my quote question and answers on Genesis 530729. Now, if God created man in his own image, in his own likeness, what kind of a man did he create? A spirit man. Amen. Amen. So can I say it like this? I believe this is the way brother Adam said it. When God created Adam, he created them all. In other words spirit-wise, you were created. God brought Adam. You understand me? So when you die, God ain't just creating something. When you die, you already have a theophony. And that theophony was not created when you die. That theophony came all the way back before the before time. You understand what I'm trying to say? So you'll understand that you just did not happen to come to earth. God had a purpose. You have a destiny and that purpose is to reflect Jesus Christ. God himself, right? So he created spirit man. But guess what happened? When Adam and Eve sin, they also put our soul to a judgment. And that judgment was death. So really when you were born, you were born dead. Yeah. Yeah. Your soul was not living. It had to be quickened. And brother Bannon said in the soul is either God or dove or a serpent. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So let me say it like this so you understand what I'm saying. When you were born in the flesh, you had a seed already in you. And that seed was sown before the foundation of the world. That's a parable. The swer went out and he sold seed. Hallelujah. Is that right? Oh, let me break it down to you like this. When a man could not believe, he said, "Brother Brandham," he a man said, "Brother Brandon, even if I could see it, I won't believe." What did Brother Brandham say? He said, "Because that's right. Because there's nothing in you to believe." You're not seed. You can't believe if there's no seed. You understand me? It takes God to believe his own word. And as God is already in your soul, the gospel quickens that and that seed comes to life and that seed is God. Cuz let me say it like this. When you meet God, ain't nothing in the world can make you turn on him. You might even backslide, but you still know God is God. Amen. Amen. There's something about the way you were made. Thank God you were made this way. Huh? You think about it. You had all those religious people in the days of Jesus and John the Baptist who was a prophetaptist saying look I would look you you look like white supplicer that means he they done polish your tombstones and all of that but inwardly you dead men bones. He went on and he called them serpents and he said, "Now to the serpent seed, who's going to warn you to flee from the wrath to come? They didn't have a messenger. They did not have a messenger. There was no messenger for them. Hallelujah. Jesus came seeking his own. He understood what he came for and he understood those who wouldn't believe who they were. People of God, if you can, I know you do. You got to see what I'm saying. He made you this way and you ought to be so thankful that you have to hear and a heart to receive. Let me let me move on. Now, now if you notice, after he had made all the creation, created a spirit man, he said the clothes anyway, let me say it like this. Now he's doing it again. He's creating man again in the earth but not out of the earth. Your new man. Everything is being what? Recreated spiritually. We know that the dust comes at the end. The elements come, the theophony, the glorified body. But right now, he's creating in you a spirit man, a soul man. Can I say it like this? He's creating himself in you. You're made that way. Glory to God. You understand what I'm saying? It's not like a donkey and a a horse. He's going beyond that. He's going to his seed to make sure nothing comes hybrid. He goes to his seed and he quickens his seed of come on somebody because it has to be compatible. It has to be the same kind. Hallelujah. He couldn't mate with your flesh. He couldn't mate with your spirit, but in your soul. Hallelujah. Amen. Yeah. Some people do get excited and some, but nevertheless, as long as you said amen in your soul, because what I'm trying to tell you, you may you're different. You can't say that. Uh, you know, we're the same. We're not the same. [Music] We're even different from the church people. We're different. We've been made different. And And you got to understand that you you're precious in the eyes of God. You're really precious. But the devil want to make you think, "Oh, you're just the You're not the same. Even the covenant that God has made with you, he comes along and gives you what? An unconditional covenant. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. It's the truth. And brother Brandham said, "The things that we did, we were drinking into it." Hallelujah. Glory to God. But the devil thought he whooped. He defeated God. But God went down to hell. Reason of the laws. Call it what you want. And showed the devil who was the boss. And the devil never understood that there was going to come another resurrection. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But he saw Jesus. But he didn't see his offspring. Hallelujah. Now he's in a lot of trouble because the word said that God will see his seed. Hallelujah. And on the day of Pentecost, guess what? Seed showed up. Hallelujah. There was a baptism of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. And those same men and some of the others who once cursed and did all manner of things. Hallelujah. But when that seed was quickened, it changed them all together. And then Peter of all people, wrote the statue of a perfect man because he knew what he had gone through. He knew what we had to go through. Don't let the devil stop you people. Don't let him stop you. This this thing that we're getting ready to take this translation rapture, however you want to call it worth every pain, every disappointment so that you'll understand. Even the prophet God said, "We're going to have these trials. And these waves are going to come." He said, "But we will crest everyone. [Music] I guess you call this happiness that I got joy. I got joy right now. Right. Let's move on. And creator spirit man. The close reading of this now, the close reading to this now to the one that asked the question will find this that God gives dominion over the cattle. and the fish and everything to the man. But in his but in his making up there he made man in his own image to lead the cattle to lead the beast of the field just like the Holy Spirit leads the believer today. Oh my goodness. So you understand you are made a certain way. You are created in a certain way. And when you totally if you're filled with the Holy Ghost, the animals must obey you. Hallelujah. All creation must obey you. Hallelujah. If it was not so, Jesus would not have said, "Whatsoever you believe, if you believe it, if you ask in my name and believe it, it shall be given to you." Amen. Because that revelation is given to you. I'm a son of God. I'm a daughter of God. But what happened is when you speak it, you better not move because the devil is going to come and make you look like a fool. [Music] Amen. I heard a testimony today and this man uh guys where where he is. He may hear he this old man and I think he lives here in in Iowa de Mo somewhere. I've got a brother right now trying to get me in contact with him because when he lived in Arkansas I got I got I got the testimony on my phone. He said during during the 50s, brother Random went to the funeral home and pulled a man, he knew the man out of his coffin and command him to live. He said the people thought he was crazy. They ran to cry to grab him and they said, "Brother Brandham took that man again, pinned him up to the wall. They said, "I command you to come to life." The man fell and came back to life. Now, this man don't even follow the message, but he was there when it happened. So, I'm trying to make that connection with this man. And you know what? I believe it. I believe there's a lot of people in America that have seen the miraculous through William Brandham, but they're not followers of this message. What if what if this is the time? So I told the Lord, I said, "God, give and I told the Lord and I asked the Lord, give me means If I got to put it on a billboard, we need to call everybody here in because he preached here. Yes, he did. And and you know there there was a church down there in Wateroo too. But there are people here who probably are old but could give us a real testimony. Not only that, they just maybe never knew the truth. So let's pray people of God that God would give us that avenue. Well, this brother, you know, y'all know um Brother Mark Dingman. His his mother-in-law was Dingman, the one who God did some miraculous things. So anyway, he contacted I forgot how he contacted this man. But if you ever want to listen to it, I got it on my phone. I can let you listen to it. God is not the God of yesterday. God is the God of yesterday, today, and forever. He gonna have he he never leave himself without a witness. He was a young boy when that happened. So perhaps he didn't know what came afterwards. But this brother Mark is working with him. So praise the Lord for that. See God going God ain't going to lose one. Let's move on. Let's move on. Let's move on. So newspaper, whatever we could do. And I need the right wording. There's a lot of people that have those testimonies may not even know that there's a movement. You love the Lord. Let me move on. He was in see paragraph 22. He was in other words the first man in the lower creation of God. First creation was God himself. Then out of God came the logos which was the son of God. Then out of the logos which was the word and in the beginning was the word. And the word was with God. And the word was God. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. Out of the logos came forth what? Amen. So out of the logos came the man and God created the man. Spirit first. Not like this spirit. We're talking about theophony. We're talking about a word body. We're talking about a man that could live, talk, yet he didn't have no need to eat, but at the same time, he couldn't fellowship with the earth. And then God formed the dust. Y'all hear what I'm saying? The man stood there. I know a lot of people say he was laying down, but I I've never heard brother say that. He was a tree. And God took the dust and formed him and then breathe the breath of life. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You love the Lord. So what I'm saying because you're made in a certain way, take advantage of who and what you are. [Music] Can I say it like this? You are so made like God. Out of all of his creation, you can have a conference with him. You can talk to God and God will talk back to you. Think about it. They they can't do it out there. But God has designed us so well. Hallelujah. That we can make that connection. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You got to see the Bible said in him dwelt the fullness of the godhead body and we are complete in him. [Music] That's the only way we could be completed. We must be complete in him. God in you, the God in me, and we are in God, and God is in us. Hallelujah. What makes you different? I've got high school buddies that's dead and gone who never knew God. Hallelujah. But Jesus said, "My sheep, hearth my voice." Thank you, Lord. Yeah. I'mma tell this. When I was a sinner on my birthday, January the 31st, I was celebrating my birthday in a club. I was not a Christian at that time. I knew about God. I gave my life at 12. thought, you know, but I didn't know what how to divide a Christian. I went whirling because there was nobody to teach me. But that night, I got I got alcohol poisoned. For y'all that know anything about vodka, I drank 13 vodka on an empty stomach. You tell me God ain't a savior. I'm ashamed of that. But you know what? I saw death. There was such a darkness that came through and I said, "Oh, God." My mom was religious, you know. So I knew if I died like that, I was in bad sh. I said, "Oh Lord, I'm saying this in the club now. I'm repenting." And I'm saying, "Oh Lord, don't let me die like this. If you get me out of here, I promise you I'll be a Christian." Next Sunday, I gave my heart to the Lord. I kept my promise. I kept my Maybe y'all haven't had an experience with death, but I've seen death before. Now, if I didn't see him, it was somebody that looked like him. All I can say is that figure came into my room one time. I was sitting on my bed. My aunt and my sister had died passed. And I guess he thought he was coming to pick me up, too. That demon, that dark, there's no way to describe the darkness. He came through that wall. And I'm sitting there and I said, "I'm not afraid of you. I'm God gave me the words. That's all I can say. I'm not afraid of you. And it is not my time. So you might as well go back where you came from. Do you know that thing left me left my room and went to my sister's sister-in-law? who loved me. And I was trying to bring this message to her. Hallelujah. She never rejected a minute of it. And she was sitting on the bed with her husband and she fell dead. Those things are real people. But how come I was able to be? You see what I'm saying? You don't know how many times God has protected you from death. Only because he's got a work for you. He just not He just not See, I don't believe it. I don't believe message people. I don't believe we're here to form another little church or little click. No, no. We've got something to do and we need to find God. We need to seek the Lord and find out what it is he wants us to do here in De Mo or wherever else. I believe that. I've gone through too many churches and I've seen people and how they do. But my point is I believe this message with all my heart. When I hear brother Bradley say stuff like this, we are an unvinc invincible army. We're omnipotent cuz he is all these great things that we and I think to myself, when are we going to accept it? At what point will we receive this message? Hearing it with our ears is one thing. Receiving it in the heart is another thing. God, help us receive this message. in our heart. So if God chooses to do something, we would be available. We can't make it happen. But I want to be in a place that if he wants something to happen, I'll be there to be used and you'll be there to be used. That's what I'm talking about. This is where I'm trying to we got to go beyond this universe and understand that our power goes beyond this. Hallelujah. You said, "Well, brother Brooks, I don't know about that." Brother Bham said, "When Samuel died, he still was a prophet. When Moses died, he still was a prophet." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Bham's wife, when she died, she came back and said, "Bill, y'all understand me?" Brother Von said, "Well, he thought heaven was like we would be on a cloud playing the harp." He said, "But no, it's a real place. It's a real place." He said, "We'll be doing things there. We'll be working there. We'll be doing things there." You got to know this. So, all we see over there, and that's that's why the word of God talks about it. If we're here, we're there. And as he is, so are we in this world today. And God does not change. He doesn't change. I can't hardly stand it. Sometimes I'm at home. You know, the devil tried to take my mind. I said, because God, I know it's real. I know I can I can feel it. Hallelujah. I know it's there, but how to get there, Lord? You got to take me. I need you to push the button, but I know I can't get there on my own, but I believe I'm there, if that makes sense. One more. Let's go to St. John 10. God me going a different way. my sheep or my offspring hearth my voice and a stranger that they will not follow. People don't let this world get you to a place where you become spiritually dull. You you you you you've ever How many of y'all have ever tried to learn a song off of off a record or something and you can hear it and you cut that that thing off or you stop, you can't even remember what words would be. It's because your mind your mind is cloudy. You got too many other things. You got to you got you got to you got to l literally empty your mind and concentrate on the words and the and the notes and and you you can't just do it one time. Oh, I got it. You got to repeat repeat. So is it with the word. And then when you once once you get into the groove of the song, Forgive me for that. Or the mood of the song, then you can sing it and sing it like what the way you feel because every song witness to you. And that's how the word is. The word witness back to you. You ever hear people say, "Oh," and I know this is this is rattling off a little bit. People say, "Oh, that's my song. But they didn't write it. But it means that much to them that every time they hear it, they get something from it. They can identify. Let's move on. John 10:27-30. He said, "My sheep hearth my voice and I know them and they follow me. I know them. See, we're not of the group when he says, "Depart from me. I I know you not." He said, "I know them, and I give unto them eternal life. You don't work it, I give it to you. You don't earn it, I give it to you. And they shall what? Never perish." Hallelujah. Neither shall any man knock them out of my hand. Somebody help me here. My father which gave them to me is greater than all and no man is able to pluck them out of my father's hand. I and my father are what? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, put yourself in the equation. [Music] Know who you are. If you got to repeat these words over and over and over and over until you become a real believer, something happens in the soul. This is what you is that the word. That's why God told Israel, don't forget the word. Put it on your forehead. Put it around your wrist. Put it on your legs, your thigh, everywhere. Put the word. This is what we must learn how to do. Read it. Say it. Listen. Even if you don't mind, don't want to do it. Do it anyway. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. St. John 12. Let's read up a little bit. St. John 12 27-30. Hallelujah. Why are you worried when he said no man can pluck you out? Well, you say the devil is a spirit. The devil is a man. The book of Revelation said, "Is this the man?" I think it's Revelation, Ezekiel, whatever it is. He's he's brought down to a man that deceive all the nations. Is this the man Amen. Now, is my soul troubled? And what shall I say? Father, save me from this hour. You know, that sounds so familiar, doesn't it? Save me, Lord. We all have those moments. We want to be saved from this trouble. Saved from distress. Say, y'all understand me? Amen. But he said, "Father, save me from this hour. But for this cause came I unto this hour. You've been made. He made you this way. He could not have put you in any other age of this age." Hallelujah. And guess what? God have confidence in you. Because he knows what you possess. It's in you. You say, "Well, how, brother? How? It was in Job and it's in you. That's in the Old Testament. What about the new one?" Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Father, glorify thy name. Glorify. Then came there a voice from heaven saying, "I have both glorified it and will glorify it again." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The people therefore stood by and heard it said that it thundered. [Laughter] Others said, "Angel spake to him." And Jesus answered and said, "This voice came not because of me, but for your sake." Oh my God, there's a lot in there, but I just don't have time to I don't have time. But there's a lot in here. What God has done in this age, there's a lot in here. Hallelujah. Oh my god. It amazes me. 1 Corinthians 2. I'm going close down in a bit. He made you this way. Be I don't know whether the word should be proud or joyous. He has that no matter what you go through, God has you. He's got you. He's got you. Don't let the devil make you fear hell. What you going to fear him for? Like I heard brother Dig say, he don't even have keys to his own house. [Music] God done took all. Amen. Amen. First Corinthians 2 beginning at the first verse. And brethren, when I came to you, I came not with excellence of speech or words. Declaring unto you the testimony of God. See, that that that's that's that that's what bothers me. And and and people of God, I'm I'm I'm going to say like this. I'm still not where I want to be, but I want to see the power and demonstration of the Holy Ghost in this place. One man can't bring a revival, but we all together can. If we really cry out for God, you know, we owe it to our young kids. [Music] Children need to know what the Holy Ghost is. It's not right. We could sit back and think no when the blood was applied all the children and everybody was under that blood. It is our business. It's our job to get these children under the blood. We can't just allow them to run and carry on. Their lives don't matter. They do. It does matter. Amen. Hallelujah. Even Jesus said so the children to come unto me for such good speaking and good preaching is good. I love it. Paul said that wasn't his his main menu, his aim. You know, he said, "For I was determined, not to know anything among you, save Jesus Christ and him crucified." And I was with you in weakness and in fear and in much trembling. Paul said, "I had all the natural things working with me. Amen. Not only was he an apostle, but he was a prophet. He said, "Listen, in all that I went through, yes, there were times of weakness. There were times of fear. And there were times I trembled out of fear." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. and my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words or man wisdom in the demonstration of the spirit and of power. That's where it is. But all of us got to be more consecrated. Hallelujah. Yes. Help us Lord that your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men but in the power of God. Now you think about this old man who saw the prophet of God pray for a man and the man was resurrected. This is not even on record. How many more things that are not? There were so many things done by Jesus that's not even correct. Y'all hear what I'm saying? I don't know what it's going to take. But I do believe we're not far from the change. And God going to change us all. Yes, he will. He promised he will. It ain't. He said it won't be because we're living right either. That's in your seal. Hallelujah. That's in your seable book. It's not because you're doing everything right. It's going to be his mercy and his grace. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You love the Lord. One more scripture. St. John 12. Jean. Oh, I was just reading that, right? Yeah, you read that. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I didn't finish that right. So, Father, glorify thy name. Then came there a voice from heaven saying, I have both glorified it and will glorify it again. The people therefore stood that stood by and heard it and said it thunder and others said, "An angel spake to him." And Jesus answered and said, "This voice came not because of me, but for your sake." One more. I got three more scriptures. Can I do that? I'll try not to be much longer. Ephesians 1. Just finish it off. This is amazing. Blessed be the God. The third verse. Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who have blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ according as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. Now his love is so powerful He won't allow us to be blamed. He takes all the blame at Calvary. He took it all. So there's no blame. Hallelujah. Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. And whether you realize it or not, in all your trials and troubles, God is having good pleasure. He is defeating the devil in your life every day. And you ought to thank God for the good times and the bad times. All right. I just I got just two more scriptures and then we'll let you go. We know some of you all we understand your position. Isaiah 40:18. Let's just jump to Isaiah 46. I'll skip that one because this one says, "To whom who to whom then will ye liken God?" "Or what likeness will you compare him unto?" There is none. Isaiah 46 through 5 I think and then we'll go to Proverbs 3 and I'm done. Proverbs with this. Yeah. Isaiah 46 3-5. Harken unto me, oh house of is of Jacob and all the remnant of the house of Israel which are born by me. Born by who? Me. From the belly which are carried from the womb. Hallelujah. Oh Lord have mercy. That's deep. That's deep people. And even to you, listen, this is what I love when I read the scripture. And even to your old age, I am he. And even to hair will I carry you. I have made you. I will bear. Even I will carry and will deliver you. To whom will you liken me? And make me equal and compare me that we may be like. Did you hear what he said? That we may be like, he kept saying me, me, but at the end he said that we may be like. Just think about it. Proverbs three, I'm I'm ending on this one. Thank you. So, I want you to understand, he said, "Now comparing me, who going to be like me?" But look what he says about her. Proverbs 3:15, "She is more precious than rubies. [Music] And all the things thou can't desire are not to be compared unto her. You're more valuable than you think, more valuable than you know. Nothing can compare to you because of the way he made you. I'm excited because I want you to understand this. This is like vitamins. You know, have you ever been really tired and you need some coffee wakes you up to another dimension? You see in another realm, in another dimension, it shuts down this thing. down shoes. Let's dance. Let's sing that old song. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. How sweet the sound that say a wretch like me. [Music] I once was lost [Music] but now I found. Hallelujah. Was blind but now I see. [Music] was grace that taught my heart to fear. Hallelujah. And grace my fears. Hallelujah. Relieve. Oh, how precious [Music] that grace appear. [Music] I first believe through many dangerous talls and snare through many danger to snares. I am already [Music] gone. [Music] Oh, his grace and all. He saved us far and grace will lead me home. [Music] will be in there. [Music] Oh, bright shine in us. [Music] God's grace that when we first be amen we're going to pray for brother Josh Breezy uh I know you we I haven't seen him in a while. I've been talking to him and uh he's u he's really backsliding. Uh just to explain his condition. He he suffered from PTSD and on his birthday he he got excited and he ended up u fighting his uh cousin or uncle one. Anyway, they called the police on him. I'm sure he's an open man. He wouldn't mind me saying these things, but you heard his testimony how he was delivered from drugs. Well, the only way that he can stay out of jail. In other words, they forced those drugs back on him. And he has been struggling ever since. Because he had gone years without those drugs. So we need to pray for him. He said, "Brother Brooks," he said, "Maybe you need to take me from under the blood." I said, "Brother, why why would I want to do such a thing when I know in your heart you love the Lord?" I said, "Satan pull a trick on you." and um you know I believe you're God's son. So let's pray for him that God will deliver him. See he was praising God too much everywhere he was going. He was witnessing this message. And the devil didn't like it. The devil didn't like and uh there's a lot of more things I could say but Satan hates that guy. So, let's pray for him. And I want you to put yourself in that position because it could easily be you, but he's one of ours. And God has placed it on my wife heart. Pray for him. I love brother Josh. There's nothing he could do that may that would change my heart and mind about him. So, let's pray for him now. Father God, we come before you, Lord, in your presence, dear Jesus. We pray for our precious brother Josh. Hallelujah. Lord, I know that in his heart he would love to be there. But Satan has trapped him in in captivity again, but you delivered him once and I know you can deliver him again. Lord, as we pray for Josh, hallelujah, we pray that at this moment, that creation will begin to cast out every dark spirit in him, Lord. Everything that he's taken on since he's fallen out of shame, Lord, I know that's what it is, Lord. He's hurting. He's embarrassed. But, Father, we see what Satan did. Have mercy upon him, Lord, and deliver my father. May your mercy and your grace be with him once more, Lord. Grant him victory in the name of Jesus. Give him a heart and a mind and a determination to overcome this these devils once again. Bless him now. Bless him now and deliver him from this situation that he father we'll be careful to give you the praise, glory and honor. Lord, we don't believe in leaving not one behind. Lord, even as Moses said, we won't leave one hoof behind. And he is our brother, Lord. I know he is Lord and I pray for him now. Hallelujah. Heal his mind, body, soul and spirit in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you Lord. Amazing grace. Oh, sing grace how sweet the sound that a rich like me. [Music] Oh, I once was lost, but now I'm found. Oh, was blind, but now I see. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Oh, praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, it was grace that taught my heart to fear. Oh, and grace my fears relieve. Oh, how prestige. [Music] Oh, the hour I first believe. Amen. Amazing grace. Oh, amazing. Grace, how sweet the sound. Oh, that s a rich like me. Oh, I once was lost. Oh, but now I'm found. Oh, was blind. But now I see. [Music] Sing grace, how sweet the sound that sing a rich like me. [Music] Oh, I won. Oh, was lost but now I'm found. Oh, was blind but now I see. [Music] Amen. Thank you. Lord, thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord. [Music] Oh, I just want to thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Oh, thank you Lord. Hallelujah Lord. Oh thank you Lord. Oh thank you Lord. I just want to thank you, Lord. You made a way, Lord. You made a way. Glory. You made a way. You made a way. Oh, I just want to thank you, Lord. You save my soul. You save my soul. Thank you, Lord. You save my soul. [Music] You save my soul. I just want to thank you, Lord. You save my soul. You save my soul. Hallelujah. Lord, you save my soul. You save my soul. I just want to thank you, Lord. God bless you, women. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
