################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-21 - Easter Service - Sunday 42025 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-21
Title:   Easter Service - Sunday 4/20/25
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdT2wviaG1A
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] It's back up. You can add your songs. It's back up. You can add your songs. Still working. [Music] [Music] Wow. Thank you. [Music] [Music] [Music] 198 [Music] Oh, [Music] Lemon [Music] we ber give [Music] my amen. [Music] Don't [Music] s I go [Music] I love him. I love him because he first love me and purchased my salation. on [Music] Cal tree. I love him. [Music] I love him because he first loved [Music] me and purchased my sation. [Music] on Calary dream. Can you open a word of [Music] prayer? God bless you all. Let's pray together. Father, we come to you Lord. We just thank you and we come in gratitude Lord that for this day and commemoration Lord of how you rose from the dead Lord for us Lord. But every day Lord every day is a victory for us Lord. You were ours every day, Lord. And all the promises are ours. You told us that. And we love you, Lord. We thank you so much for that, Lord. When those men on the road to Emmas saw that it was you, it gave them joy and they went out to tell someone. And you give us joy every day, Lord. And Lord, we we do tell others, Lord, about your grace and your mercy, Lord. Lord, we just thank you so much for that. Lord, we pray Lord for our pastor as he brings your message today that you will anoint him, anoint his lips, Lord, to speak what you want us to hear. Lord, help us to put it in our heart, Lord. And we just thank you, Lord, for defeating the enemy each day for us, Lord. Lord, Lord, everybody has a need on their heart and you know every need and I ask that you will meet all those needs, Lord. And we just thank you so much again for your grace and mercy. We thank you for the song service. We pray that Lord you will anoint the rest of the song service and it will be for your glory and honor. Lord, help us to go our way today. Keep us safe, Lord. And we just thank you, Lord, that we can trust in you for every single thing in our life, Lord, every day, Lord. And that you will get us home, Lord, one of these days. And we thank you so much for that. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. May God bless you all. Good to see you this morning. Um can please please shake your neighbor's hand with a smile. Say God bless you. And we're going to sing at the cross. the [Music] cross. Alas, indeed my savior bleed, and did my sovereign die? Would he devote that sacred head for such a worm as I am the cross? At the cross, said the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. Oh, it was there by faith. I received my sight and now I am happy on the day. Oh, was it for crimes that I had done? He grown upon the tree. Oh, amazing bey grace unknown and love beyond. Oh, and the cross. Set the cross. Set the cross. Oh, where I first saw the light. Oh, and the burden of my heart. Oh, it was run away. It was there by faith. I received my sight. And now I am happy of the day. Oh well might the sun and darkness hide and shout his glories in. Oh when Christ the mighty maker died for men the queen. Oh and the cross and the cross where I burst. Oh, and the burden of my heart. Oh, rose away. It was there by faith. I received my sight. And now I am happy all the day. Oh, but drops of grief can never repay the debt of love I owe. Dear Lord, I give myself away tears all that I Oh, and the cross. Oh, and the cross where I first saw the light. Oh, and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith I received my sight. And now one more time it was. And the cross. Oh, and the cross where I first saw the light. Oh, and the burden of my heart rolled away. Oh, it goes there by faith. I receive my sight. And now I am happy all the day. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious. One more time. There is power, power, power, wonder working power. Oh, in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, power, wonder working power in the precious. One more time. There is power, power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, glad. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Amen. You can have a seat. We have a special from Sister Restore if she's here. God bless you. [Music] [Music] The splendor of a king. Glory in majesty. Let all your earth rejoice. All in her rejoice. [Music] He wrapped himself in light and darkness tries to hide and tremble at his voice. Tremble at his voice. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And now we see how great how great is our God. How great is my God. Sing with me. How great is my God. And now we see how great how great is my [Music] God. Edge in hy stand and time is end. The beginning and the end. The beginning and the end. The God is three in one. Oh father and son. The lion and the lamb. The lion and the lamb. Oh, how great is my God. Sing with me. How great is my God. And always we see how great how great is my God. How great is my God. Sing with me. How great is my God and know with me how great how great is my God. [Music] Name above all names, worthy of our praise. And my heart receive our praise our God. For is the name above all name is worthy of my praise and my heart is thee. How great is my God. How great is my God. Sing with me. Our great is my God and all is the way I is my God. How great is my God. Sing with me. How great is my God and always see how great how great is my God. Amen. [Music] [Music] Who told the sun where to standing no more? And who told the ocean you can only come this far? And who show the moon? Where to hide till evening? Who words alone can g a falling star? Well, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify that this life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives. [Music] M the very same God that spins things in orbit runs through the weary, the herorn and the weak. And the same gentle hands that holds me when I'm broken. They conquer death to bring me victory. Well, I know my redeemer lives. [Music] I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify that this life within me cries. I know my redeemer. He lives to take away my shame. And he lives forever. I'll proclaim that the payment for my sin was the precious life he gave. But now he's alive and there's an empty grave. Well, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify that this life within me cry. I know my redeemer he lives. Yes he does. Oh yes he does. Cuz I know I know I know he is. Oh yes. Oh yes. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Yes. I know my redeemer lives. Amen. [Music] Amen. I know my redeemer lives. Amen. If I know he lives, so victory is mine. Amen. Let's stand to our feet and sing this song and then the pastor will come up. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Amen. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. Oh, I to get thee behind. Oh victory today. Oh sing victory. victory is mine. Oh victory. Oh yes it is victory today is mine. Oh I tot. Oh victory today. Oh sing joy is mine. Yes joy is mine. Oh, joy is mine. Joy today is mine. Oh, I told Satan I told Satan to get the behind. Oh, joy today is mine. When I woke up this morning, oh, when I walked this morning, I didn't have no doubt cuz I knew that the Lord will bring me out. Oh. So I got down on my knees and I said, "Lord, help me please." Oh, and I rose up singing and shouting, "Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine." I told Satan, I told Oh, victory today. Oh, peace is mine. Peace is mine. Oh, peace today is mine. I told you to change to get thee behind. Oh, peace today. Oh, Holy Ghost, Holy Ghost is mine. Oh, Holy Ghost today is mine. I told you 10 to get the behind. Holy Ghost today is mine. [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. We're trying to find this place where we should be by the grace of God. How many are happy this morning? My son, when he found out I was wearing an orange suit, he said the Congalles brothers are getting next to you now. and nobody else is wearing. Amen. Amen. I I blame Gideon and Clarice. Clarice. Amen. They started me with the orange. So, here we are. God is good to us. Are you happy this morning? Amen. This is the greatest day, historical day ever. We thank God for his birth to really give praise for his death, burial, and resurrection. Hallelujah. I've got a I've got a I'm just going to go right into the word because we got several speakers this morning and they're going to ring a bell or ring a buzzard or say something. But we've got about 15 minutes of peace and I trust that everybody will be blessed this morning. We're doing a little something. You know, on holidays, this is what we do. We have a good time. Now, Satan has already tried to stop us by taking the lights out. Somebody's prayers brought them back on. We We are here to enjoy Jesus. All right. Amen. So, I know it's warm. I can't deal with too much hot weather. I mean, when I'm preaching, but we'll do the best we can. I'm glad to see everybody here. Those who made it from Iowa City, you appreciate you, the fellowship and the strength and unity that you have. Whenever we ask you to come, you do come. Amen. So hopefully by the grace of God, we'll be able to reciprocate around sometime. Amen. But as we stand, we're going to ask that you turn with us, Isaiah 52, 1 through two. Thank God for my lovely wife and family. Don't my family who are appreciate you. We thank you. Amen. Isaiah 52:1 through2. I'm I'm so happy because of this message. This message in itself is a Easter message because it shows that Jesus Christ is alive and well. So I'm so happy to be one in the number. Isaiah 52 1-2 it says, "Awake, awake. Put on thy strength, O Zion. Put on that beautiful garment, O Jerusalem, the holy city, for henceforth there shall no more come into thee the uncircumcised and the unclean. Shake thyself from the dust. Arise and sit down. That means to take your seat, right? Oh Jerusalem, loose thyelves from the bands of thy neck, oh captive daughter of Zion. Let us pray. Heavenly Father, we come before you, Lord. We thank you for your grace and your mercy. We thank you for being so good to us this morning. Father, we pray in this short period of time that you will bless the service, bless the year. May they be free in their spirit. Lord, may they pull on the gifts of God. And Lord, let your shine of glory, hallelujah, come down in this place in your name, Jesus Christ. We give you honor. We give you praise. We give you glory for this wonderful day of celebration. We even though Easter for us is every day. Hallelujah. We're celebrating the Sunday, not su n s o n. Thank you, father, for being good to us. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Isn't it wonderful? You think about it, how uh how strange it must look uh to some people. Uh here we are celebrating a man's death. Hallelujah. But it's not just the death that we're celebrating because many people been uh in that day died. Many people in that day, amen, was crucified. But there's only one that got up and he's alive and well. Coming from the message, rise, the rising of the sun, Paragraph 41. So you'll know where I'm going with this. As Christ was the first one to ride a great from the from all the prophets and so forth all those types in many places. He was the first fruit of those that slept in the bride coming of Christ coming out of the church. They have to be a wave she a sheath wave again in the last day. Now I want you to understand what this is saying. You coming out of the organizations, you coming out of denominationalism is a shadow or type of your resurrection. Hallelujah. And and there must be a wave sheath and there must come one that have reached perfection and is waved over the people that you might see what is coming next. Hallelujah. Right. Amen. So the bride coming of Christ coming out of the church there have to be a sheep waved again in the last days. Right. Waving of the sheath. Now, how many of y'all know what a sheath is? Hallelujah. It's a bunch of wheat tied together. That wheat that have come to a maturity. Amen. And the ceremony was that it would be waved to show the people this is harvest time. more is yet to come. Now, I don't know about you this morning, but I'm part of that which is to come. And can I say it like this? We are here. Hallelujah. My message this morning, Zion, thy God lives. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm sure you see what I'm talking about. It was waved over the people. And the first time there will come forth. What? The bride age. And this is what we must understand. We're no longer in Leosia. We are in what we call the bride age. Amen. The age of Wesley was good. The age of Luther was good. The age of the Pentecostal was good. But now there is what we call a bride age. Hallelujah. This is the final age. And and what are we looking for? We're looking for a rapture. Oh, come on. Y'all maybe I'm the only one. Let me say that again. We are looking for a rapture. Right. So, you must understand by the grace of God for and the first time There will come forth for the bride age for a resurrection out of dark denominationalism will be a message. Hallelujah. That that's the full maturity of the word again in its full power. Did you hear that? The full word matured into its full power. and being waved over the people. What is Brother Brandham talking about? What is he talking about? He's basically saying, "When you see me, you're seeing the way." You're literally seeing the Christ in me taking over you, introducing you to another age, that age will which will bring forth a full maturity. See, this is why I can't be satisfied with being a church. I'm more than a church. You're more than the church. There are those who are chosen by God. foundation of the world. You have been chosen. You have been elected. And how do you know, brother Brooks, that you have been resurrected? Hallelujah. You're coming out of the uh denominational churches under the inspiration of this message, the rapture has already begun. People do not understand that those who come to this this message This word knows that Zion lives. Hallelujah. This is not a dead church. Hallelujah. But this church is alive. And the reason why we are alive Jesus himself deals with on the inside. Hallelujah. What they didn't know when they crucified him, they didn't know. They didn't know what they were doing. Turn with me to Matthew 27. Hallelujah. Amen. If they had only known he was the Christ. Is that the word? The Bible said they never would have crucified him. Hallelujah. Listen 27th verse of Matthew 27. Then the soldiers of the government took Jesus in the common hall and gathered unto him the whole band of soldiers. This is the part I like. And they stripped him and put on him a scarlet robe. Scarlet is red. Hallelujah. But he had to be stripped and he had to put on a scarlet robe. That robe in itself represented my sin. It represents your sin. Hallelujah. Amen. And what did they do? They didn't understand that though your sins be as scarlet, though they be read like crimson, make them wider than all of this was a process that Jesus would become my sins that he might become the righteousness of God. Hallelujah. And when they had platted crowns of thorns, they put it upon his head and a reed in his right hand. And they bowed the knee before him and mocked him, saying, "Hail, king of the Jews." And what they did not know, he wasn't just the king of the Jews. He was the king of the Gentiles. Not only was he the king of the Gentiles, the king of kings and lord of lords. Hallelujah. They crucified like Mary said by my lordifi. He had to be crucified. He had to get die the death of shame. That's the death we would have died. The death of shame. Now watch this. Even in the Old Testament, he had a man by the name of Elijah. Hallelujah. And Elisha who represents the bride. Says, "Listen, I I want a double portion. I understand where I'm going with this. We We're not We don't want a portion. We want a double portion." Hallelujah. That That's our inheritance. And Elijah said unto if you see me going up, if you see me leaving, hallelujah, then will I give you Hallelujah. this double portion. But brother Brandham said it like this. Elisha had to wait for this moment. Elijah died because if Elijah had given him the robe earlier him, so he had to grow in grace in order to fit the robe of Elijah. every man, every woman who can see that Jesus just didn't die. He's the Lord of Lord, the King of Kings. If we can see that as Elijah gave Elisha a double portion, Amen. Amen. That robe, hallelujah, didn't mean s just it meant surrender. That robe also meant victory. Cuz if you know, he took his robe from him. He took the red robe. It represented sin and disbelief. When he rose from the dead, he rose with a white robe. He rose with glorifi glorified ro that's why Paul said oh death's victory thanks be to God victory our lord and savior Jesus Christ know about you hallelujah but when you receive the holy ghost you are receiving the robe of Christ Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Isaiah, please. I don't know my time. You got to let me know my time. Isaiah. 52 7-8. Hallelujah. Your your God reigns. We You know, you're going to fight sadness sometimes, but you got to overcome. You got to remember. Hallelujah. You got to understand joy has been given to you. That's your this evil world. Let the world be sad. Don't be depressed. Believe in Jesus Christ. You should be sitting in heavenly places in your heart. I don't know about you, but my focus is making a translation. And I don't know about you, I'm growing in the grace of God. I don't know about you, but I'm getting closer to my goal. It's not me. It's the resurrection in me. It's not you. It's the resurrection. Is that right? He told Mary and Martha, I am. I am the life. Is that right? Come on somebody. That's the way it works. You get the resurrection in you. You should live and never die. [Music] Glory to God. Zion, your God lives. I don't care what's happening in the organization, in the denomination. It happens here. The bride must come to a maturity. Hallelujah. doing the same works. Hallelujah. Isaiah 537 527 through8 beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him bringing good tidings that publishes peace that bringeth good tidings of of good that publishes salvation. Hallelujah. Saith unto Zion, my God reignth. Y'all understand me? That means he king. He reigns. Hallelujah. There is no other god. No other living God. Everything else is man-made. It's not man-made. He made man. Hallelujah. Amen. Thy watchmen shall lift up the voice. With the voice together shall they sing, for they shall see eye to eye. Hallelujah. For the first time in history, we are seeing eye to eye. What do you mean, brother? Our little problems, but we know who the first eye was, and we know who the second eye is. We know who was the alpha and the omega. Paul was the first. prophet of the of our day. Hallelujah. William Brandon was the second of our day. And you know what he said? Everything Paul preached, I preach. Somebody help me here. So what was he saying? We see eye to eye. We can see eye to eye to the almighty. Hallelujah. And Jesus Christ never changed. He came yesterday, today. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And when the Lord shall bring again Zion, what's happening? What is what is what is the purpose of these two prophets? To bring Zion. Bring him where? To their position. Hallelujah. That's why the Bible says shake yourself. from the dust and take a seat. Hallelujah. What is it? Your position. Take your position. Your life. Hey, it's the truth. You must take your position. Don't be afraid of the unseen. It's what we live by. supernatural God, supernatural bride, supernatural people, looked beyond all these things, see what you're talking about. Abraham said, "I see saw a city coming down." He knew, he looked for a city and maker is God. Gord understand me. Abraham knew this bride was coming. Hallelujah. By the grace of God, you love the Lord. Let me let me read one more scripture and I'm finish this the next time. But my point is this. We must advance. We've got to move forward. We can't stay with Pentecost. Our word is higher. We must advance the word of God spoken. We must tell us. You understand me? You know that's why Jesus wasn't a part of denominational or man was not part of nothing. He had to stay without the camp. The Holy Spirit could tell him things. He would not have been able to tell him he was in a cave. And we are not in a cave. Hallelujah. Let me say it to those might be visiting. It is not a cult. Hallelujah. You said, "Oh, brother, why you got that picture up there?" You have pictures on your wall. Amen. You have them in your house, don't you? That's all right. Oh, do you worship you? I you got a frame of yourself somewhere. Amen. Hallelujah. Go to a Lutheran or a Baptist church. Amen. This is not a Seven Day Adventist. We're free. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And if you knew whose picture that was up there, the one that's above the body can't see it given to everybody this know what that is. It's the same pillar of [Music] fire. It's the same pillar of fire that they have from heaven baptized Jesus fire that came above above his head of the world. They think we're idol worshippers. They think we're out of our mind. We see it like this. It's crazy. Those 12 disciples [Music] Sean stood as a witness of [Music] fire. That's science. Science took that picture. Hallelujah. And the camera can't take illusions. It only flashes and take what really is there. Hallelujah. See, it's up in Washington. Right in Washington DC from the people. Our government know that this is supernatural. But they won't tell the people that Jesus Christ yesterday. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to the Lord. We know what we're talking about. We know what we're talking about. Hallelujah. This is no guessing game. Real thing. I want to say to Zia, your God lives. Your God lives. Your God lives. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Your God lives. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. [Applause] Because he lives, I can face tomorrow. Oh, because he lives. All fear is gone because I know. Yes, I know. He holds the [Music] future. And life is worth a living just because he lives. One more time because he lives. Oh, I can face tomorrow. Oh, because he lives. All of fear is gone. Oh, because I know. Yes, I know. He holds my future. Oh, and life is worth living just because one more time. Oh, because he lives. Oh, I can face tomorrow. Oh, because he lives. All fear, all fear is gone because I know. Yes, I know. He holds my future. And life is worth a living just because he lives. Oh, God sent his son and they called him Jesus. He came to love, heal, and forgive. Oh, he lived and died. Oh, to buy my part and an empty grave. An empty grave is there to prove my Savior lives. Oh, because because he lives. Oh, I can face tomorrow. Oh, because he lives. All my fear of fear is gone. Because I know. Yes, I know. He holds the future and life is worth a living just because he lives. [Music] message. [Music] Amen. I was saying what a wonderful message for you. Amen. I was sitting there and and asking myself, brother Brooks, why don't you just take the entire service and Amen. Because it's very hard to come next to you know this such a pre after such a preaching and we tried to do our best by the grace of God. Amen. That was that was wonderful. That was Amen. Let's let's turn to Luke chapter 24. We read verse 17 here. Luke verse 86. Amen. Luke chapter 24:1 176 the Bible says, "And he said unto them, what manner of communications are these that ye have one to another as you walk and are sad? Amen. You may be seated. Amen. So here you see that after the resurrection and you have these two disciples, I mean these two people walking. Amen. Talking to each other. Amen. But the communication was a sad one. It wasn't it wasn't a happy one. Amen. Is also a sign of happiness. Amen. Because imagine somebody that you thought was dead. Amen. And now you receive the news that that person is leaving again. Amen. You will be very happy because of the news. These two, Amen. If you read the Bible, you'll understand. Amen. They were with Jesus when Jesus was doing miracles. Amen. They were with Jesus when Jesus was telling them what would happen. But here is the same thing that Jesus told them and it has happened but now they're wondering what has what's going on. Remember they're thinking well we thought that this man will stay with us. We thought that this man will set us free. We thought that this man will end all tribulations. We thought that this man would take us out of the Romans end. Amen. But here is our hope is gone. Amen. This man that we thought he's dead and now he's been three days. Amen. So the thing is that the morning of this day, Amen. There so women going to the separ they have met an angel. angel told them, "Why are you looking for a living man among the dead?" Amen. And the disciple went after them as well. And they were told the same thing. Amen. But these two men. Amen. Walking and being sad. Why? The prophet said that they were in disbelief. Amen. It's the same thing that happens to us. Amen. After a great, after a great preaching, Amen. people start seeing the manifestation of the Holy Spirit of them believing it. Amen. They started complaining. Amen. They started asking, "Is it fake?" Amen. Is it a play or it's a reality? Amen. But if Jesus is truly alive, amen, we have to see the evidence of his resurrection. Jesus is not alive. Amen. Jesus is not alive. But for us just to read it on the book, you know, Amen. It's different than Muhammad. It's different than Buddha. Amen. We know that our Christ, Amen, was dead. Amen. And three days after he is alive. Amen. So we have to see the evidence of the resurrection. Because you cannot just tell someone that God is alive without showing him the proof that God is alive. But you have to point him somewhere. You have to point him to a day by not just something that you have heard of yourself. But something within you by telling them this is the reality. Amen. This is the proof. that my God is not dead. Amen. That this is the proof. Amen. That God is alive. Amen. In Matthew 28. Amen. Verse 17. After Jesus was raised up, Amen. The Bible is saying that Jesus is talking to the disciple. Now he says, "And when they saw him, they worshiped him. But some doubted." Amen. You see, there's always doubt. Amen. When people see the manifestation of God, Amen. There is always doubt. Amen. Just to get away from my sermon a little bit here. There is something that happened in Kentucky, a church in Kentucky where a person fainted. I don't know what happened to her. Amen. And the pastor came and pray for that person and started it was well. Now you have people talking thinking that that was fake. Amen. people talking and thinking that it was something that that a play that they they fixed it to happen that way. So every time you see the manifestation of God, you will always doubt. Amen. But the thing is the word goes to the word. You have to have in you a seed for the word to come to you. Everybody will hear the gospel. Everybody will hear that Jesus is alive. But only few people will have the revelation of the meaning of resurrection. You have to have that revelation. These two people on the road to Emmas said that Jesus was talking to them along the way. And when they were walking with Jesus, Jesus was only preaching to them. Amen. It was only the word explaining to them what has happened to the present time. He came to the evening time. There is something that happens in the evening time. No wonder God was coming down in the cool of the day with Adam and Eve. It was in the evening time. But the evening time is a time of fellowship. is a time of communion. God explains himself to his people. They were walking. The evening came and the Bible said that those people begged Jesus to stay with him. Jesus was about to leave. Amen. After preaching them the word, it's my time to go. But they begged Jesus said, "Master, would you stay with us? share bread with us. Share this communion with us. Amen. The bread is the opening of the word. Amen. Is the revelation. Amen. So when Jesus got there, amen. The Bible said that Jesus broke communion. Amen. During the day, it was just the word preaching them. Amen. But when the evening time, Jesus had to show them, the same Jesus who walked with them is now resurrected. Amen. And he's the same yesterday. And if we believe that we are in the evening time, we have to believe that the same Jesus women who was with them who said that peace be still the same Jesus who got to Lazarus to come for the same Jesus who saw the blind body I give you back your life. We have to believe the same yesterday, today, and if he did the same thing, be able to do it now. That all power has been given to me. All power has been given to me. And so I the Lord Jesus sending you to the world. Amen. Teach the gospel them. Amen. In the name of the Holy Spirit in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. I the Lord Jesus sending you. Amen. And when Jesus sends us, it's not empty-handed. Amen. He told his disciple, go to every door, knock. those who receive you may leave your blessing with you. So when Jesus said that all power has been given to you, so now I'm sending you go therefore. Amen. He's also sending you with the same power. Amen. The same power that quickened Jesus from the dead. The same power living in us and he's sending us all power. The prophet says here in adoption, this is one of my favorite quotes. He says that and if and then if God has sent us to be his ambassadors ambassador. Amen. If God has sent us to be his ambassadors, all power that's in heaven. Amen. All that God is. Amen. All power that's in heaven. Amen. Not just some power. Amen. Not just a little bit and not just half of God. But the prophet says that if God has sent us to be his ambassador ambassador, he's a representative. He represents somebody higher than him. So Jesus in Matthew 28 says all power has been given to me. The prophet says that if God has sent us to be his ambassadors, the power that's in heaven. All that God is, all of his angels, and all of his power, he said that stands behind our words. Amen. All that God is, all the heaven, even the angels, they all stand before behind our work. Emit because you are an ambassador. Because God is sending you therefore and teach the gospel. He's sending you with the power, the power of his resurrection. Amen. So if we believe that God is raised up from the dead, Amen. If we believe that God is different than Buddha, Amen. If we believe that our God is different than Muhammad, if we believe that our God is different than all the people that proclaim to be God, it's just not just the simple words. But we have to see it. Amen. The evidence of his resurrection, the evidence of his resurrection. Amen. He says that is God has to honor the word. Amen. For he has solemnly written that whatever you bind on earth that will not bind in heaven. Whatever you lose on earth that will not lose in heaven. And I give unto thee the keys to the kingdom. Amen. I give you the keys to the kingdom. Amen. He's giving you the ability. Amen. To do the same thing he did when he was alive. Amen. is giving you the ability, amen, to accomplish the same thing that he did. Amen. Now, but but we have Christians, amen, that are afraid, Amen. to use that power. Amen. Christians are afraid. Amen. To tap into that power. Amen. To tap into that connection. Amen. Brother Brooks talked about something. Amen. About the mental that Elijah Amen. Elisha. Amen. Elijah had a mantle and Elisha had to take care had to take had to wear that mantle. But you know what happened before Elisha did that? God had to prepare Elisha. Amen. So that Elisha fits the mentor. Amen. Not the other way around. Amen. Not so that the mentor may fit Elijah. So that Elijah fits the mantle. Amen. God gave the promises. Amen. Joel chapter 2. Amen. Speaks about the Holy Spirit. Amen. But God had to prepare his people. Amen. So that they can be able to feit that men. That's the purpose of resurrection. Amen. That is the purpose why Jesus was dead. Amen. And he rose up again. Amen. So that we can have access. So that we can wear that mental. Amen. God did not have to fix the mental. The mental was already shaped. Amen. The mental was already formed. The mentor had some requirements that believers. Amen. We had to prepare ourselves. Amen. To fit that mentor. That is why he died on the cross. That is why he said everything is fulfilled. Amen. Without his resurrection. Amen. the Holy Spirit wouldn't come. Amen. Without him being dead. Amen. Receive the Holy Spirit. Amen. But we thank God for the resurrection. Amen. We thank God for Easter. Amen. We thank God for dying on a cross. People cry when they hear about that sad. Amen. But I rejoice. Amen. Because it's not a sad day. I don't want to be like Cleop with his friend. Amen. Jesus died that happened. Amen. He's the day that I was set free. The day he said that you are free indeed. Every shackles that was binding you. Everything that was binding you because of Jesus being dead, because of Jesus being resurrected, you can go free you. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Mercy rewrote my life. Oh, God's mercy rewrote my [Music] life. I should have fallen, my soul cast down, but mercy rewrote my life. Oh God's mercy rewrote my life. Oh God's mercy rewrote my life. Oh, cuz I should have fallen. My soul cast down. But mercy rules my life. Oh mercy rules my life. Oh mercy rewrote my life. Oh, cuz I should have fallen. My soul cast down. But mercy, glory walonjour. [Music] Good morning everybody. I hope you're doing good. I'm very happy to be here. I see many friends working at me and I'm very happy. May the Lord bless us all. I wasn't [Music] ready. But a soldier is always ready. If you're a soldier, anytime the the war can come, if you say that there's no war, When the enemy comes, he's not going to warn you. Amen. If you are a fighter, you're always ready for the war because at any time the enemy can show up. You cannot say that I wasn't ready. So, you have to be ready for the battle. I was sitting there and I I heard a good message that was preached. I'm very happy. I like the way you respond to the word and that's wonderful. It was wonderful and I'm very happy to speak in this audi auditorium the auditorium of people ready to listen to the word without taking too much time let's stand and read something in the Bible we read John 3:1 16 to18 all right I'm going to read in English for God John 36 16-18 For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world but that he but the world through him might be saved. He that believeth on him is not condemned, but he that believeth not in is condemned already because he has not believed in the name of the only begotten son of God. Amen. Amen. We'll pray. Lord Jesus, thank you very much. We're here to celebrate your love. We're here to celebrate your resurrection. [Music] There is no greater thing than giving his life for his what you did. Somebody else could couldn't do it. When John was crying because nobody was worthy, but you came and you took up the challenge. Today we're singing your love because you gave us condemnation and sin that was weighing on us. You won it for us. And today we're singing victory. We're singing love, singing peace and healing because of your love. May you be with us during this little time that we spend here. May you bless us from the beginning in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. We may be seated. We're here to celebrate love. and the true love of God. We're here to celebrate the true love of God. A love that is different than other loves. Because as men, we don't know how to love. We love people that look like us. We love people for from our race. We love people from our village, people who talk like us, people who look like us. Those are people that love us. But that is that is hypocrisy. It's not love because we love until we offended. We say that we love. We love and we love because the person that we love has not offended us yet. But once we all as the same the same person was saying that we love them we change our language. No, you see them. But before then, we were saying that we loved them. That's not love. Love that was what Sean and Golgo. That was true love of a holy God, a pure God who gave himself for somebody who's worth nothing. A true God, a good God, who loved you because you're not from his race. Beloved, he's holy and you're a sinner. He loves you without them doing anything. He doesn't love you because you have something so that you can give him his in return. But he loves you without any reason. He loves you because he wants to save you. You have nothing to give him back. But he loves you anyhow. But we don't know how to love. That's why we don't love God. It's God who loved us before the foundation of the world. He loved us before the foundation of the world. He was before that we came to this earth. Before that we've done anything. He accomplished everything for us. We are here to celebrate that love. Easter is a celebration of love. Seeing that divine love, God left his throne. He came down to die for us. Today, there's a big problem in the world. The problem, the world is lacking love. Everybody's complaining about love. There is no love. There's no love. But where will the love come from? Now kick down kicked out the master of love. The master he's outside of the decision. But how can you have love without the giver of love? You shouldn't have. You're not supposed to ch to kick out the the giver if you need the gift. You have to invite the giver. You're not supposed to kick him outside and hoping to have love. It's not possible. That's the first reason why people don't have love today. And the second reason is that everybody everybody wants to be loved. Everybody wants to be loved. Amen. There is complaining everywhere especially in our in our family. If people saying that I don't I'm not loved. Amen. The husband says that my my wife doesn't love me. The wife says that my husband doesn't love me. Everybody wants to be loved. But before being loved, you have to love first. Amen. Amen. You cannot claim what you cannot give. You love first. Because uh Amen. Right works together with uh the duties. Thank you. Amen. Love works with duties. If you wants to be loved, love first. Start by loving. If you are reclaiming love, it's good. It's your duty. It's your It's your duty. It's your right. But you have to love first. Amen. Amen. Project your love. Amen. Love has a condition. If you love, you have to give. Amen. Amen. Because God has so loved the world, he didn't cross his hands. When God has so loved the world, he gave. When he finished, he gave. When he finished loving, he gave. When you say, "I love, I love, I love. But love is invisible. Love is invisible. We're not seeing love. If you love, you have to prove that you love. If you love, you have to give. When God has so loved the world, he did not cross his hands. He loved and he gave. And you also when you love, you have to give. God also loved the world. He gave himself so that whosoever will believe in him will not die but we receive the whole eternal life. Giving is a part of our religion. Amen. There is a greater reward in giving than receiving. When you give, you are blessed. Don't complain because of lack of love. Because generally people see mistakes. It's a lack of love that's doing. Amen. You always see mistakes from somebody else. Amen. I read something from the social media, social media. I read something. There is a woman who was complaining about about her neighbor. when her neighbor will uh dry up her clothes. Amen. She will see through the window and she'll say that her neighbor doesn't know how to wash clothes because her clothes were dirty all the time. But that wasn't the true problem. The problem was she was a dirty one and she did not clean the window. And when she was looking through the window, she was seeing the dirtiness of somebody else. Well, the problem was him herself. Amen. Fix your heart first. Love first. Start by loving. Don't claim the rights, but do your duties first. This generation will be healed. Amen. What we're missing is the love divorce that we have is because of lack of love and love that is amen. That was what was manifested in Gusta. We are in this world in a battle. Amen. In the battle in the battlefield. Amen. We we fight every day and every night. And to win. Amen. And to receive any victories, you must have love. Amen. Amen. Today we're happy about the message. For the message, today we happy for the resurrection. Today we love the Bible. We're happy about it. But where these things came from? It came because God so loved the world. It's in love that we get our victories. The the victories on on our enemies came to us through death. When Jesus accepted dying, then we that's when we received those victories. Peter did not understand it. Peter wanted to fight, wanted to defend Jesus. He took out his sword to attack the soldiers. Jesus did not allow it because he knew that at the end that of the terrible thing that was making us afraid, it will come out honey. That's the miracle that God gave us from death. God gave us life and in the name of that love that we can sing his victory can let us know about the time. Okay. Okay. Okay. I wanted to check. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So there is no way to do anything without love. Now another thing everywhere we can we can miss love. It's it's it's good. But not here. Not here. We we we not supposed to love. We're not supposed to be missing love here because this is our sign. Our token. We will be known by our loves. By our loves. It's our sign, our token. It's our token that we have to bring everywhere. Jesus says, "Love one another so that the world will know that you belong to me." That's what happened in any people were living in love. They were loved by God. They were loved but they loved everybody else and people looked at them. They said that truly they were with Christ. Love is our sign. I was saying that it's a victory through love that we can receive that victory. If we can read some in the divine love of 56 paragraph 96 divine love 56 paragraph Paragraph is paragraph 96. Uh all right. In the message divine love uh of 1956 paragraph 96 the prophet says that and I and I only know one thing. Here it is. I want you to hear it. There is only one thing that will conquer the devil. That is pure divine love. Amen. Love will conquer everything. God so loved the world, he conquered the sin question. He conquered the sickness question. It It'll conquer the difference in the church. It'll conquer everything that there is unlike it to be conquered. It'll do it if you just let it do it. Amen. Amen. Amen. If you want to have victory, though it is a great victory or a small victory, the only way to conquer is through love. Many people has conquered in the history of overcoming. There are so many people we can name names. But today the victories have been forgotten. The only victory of Jesus is still here because he conquered through love because he overcame through love. Anything else that happened because of hatred show their limits. Again we say glory to God. We do thank you Lord for the resurrection. We say thank you Lord for Easter. Jesus is resurrected. It's a sign of love. When he died, he took our sins with him. When he resurrected, Amen. He He ruptured us in the heavenly places in Jesus Christ. May God be be worshiped for his love. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing. What a what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. The angel bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I praise God for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Let us just open our Bibles to the book of Luke and chapter 4. Luke Luke chapter 4 and verse 17. The Bible reads, "And there was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Isaiah, and when he had opened the book, he found the place where it was written, the spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he has anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor. He has sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised, and to preach the acceptable year of the Lord. Amen. We may take our seats. Amen. Amen. In the uh scripture we just read, Jesus was given the scroll. They had a custom of handing the uh a few people to read the scroll and when he was given he just wrote to the scripture that pertain to him and he started proclaiming his ministry. He started proclaiming why he had come on earth. Amen. And he started telling them why he had come and describing the people he had come for. He says, "I have come to heal the brokenhearted to preach deliverance to the captives and recovering of sight to the blind. and liberty to them that are bruised. So I'm just going to speak on he came for me. Just turn to your neighbor and say he came for me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He did not come for the Pharisees. He did not come for the people who were. But he came for those who were broken. He came for those who were bruised. If you have ever been broken before, he came for you. If you have ever been bruised before, he came for you. If you have ever been sick before, he came for you. Amen. That's the whole essence of Easter. That was the mission he came on earth. Hallelujah. when he was walking on the shores of God, when he was walking on those streets of Jerusalem, he was accomplishing his ministry. He was accomplishing his mission. He saw Mary Magdalene suffering. It shows those demons. Amen. No demon could stop. When the master spoke, the demon had to leave. A thousand demons could not stand before him because the scripture says he has been anointed for those who are brokenhearted. So he just did not come without no anointing. But he was anointed to come and rescue you. And we know Jesus was a perfect man. He never left without completing his mission. Hallelujah. In John uh John 17:12, Jesus prayed for you. He prayed for me. And there are other prayers that could never be answered. I know this one is guaranteed. Hallelujah. He says, "While I was with them in the world, while I was with them in the world, I kept them in my name, in thy name. which those thou gavest me I kept and none of them is lost. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So brother, sister, you can never be lost. Why? Because he came for you. It doesn't matter what you were going through. It doesn't matter what your past is like. He came for you. And you can never ever be lost because Jesus prayed for you. You might not trust your prayer, but I'm telling you, trust Jesus's prayer. He has never ever failed. My Bible tells me he's not a man that he should lie, nor a son of man that he should repent. When he speaks a word, that word does not go back to him void. So when he prays for you that you can never be lost, it doesn't matter what obstacles Satan put in your life, you can never ever be lost. That's why he came to die on the cross of Jesus. That's why we are commemorating this when he went on that cross. He came for you. Turn to your neighbor say he came to you. He came for you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And he was the ultimate sacrifice. that was paid for you and me. It was paid for your sins. It was paid for your iniquities. Your iniquities is your sins that you are going to commit. He was already sacrificed for that. The blood of bulls and goats could not erase your sins, but the blood of Christ will erase them and wipe your snake. Hallelujah. How many are glad for amazing grace? Amen. So in the Old Testament when someone brought a sacrifice, the priest did not examine the person who brought the sacrifice. The priest examined the lamb. So when they were bringing the lamb to the sacrifice, they had to make sure that lamb is perfect. It does not have any blemish. It doesn't have any spot or wrinkle. And when the priest was about to sacrifice him, it doesn't matter how many sins they had. He didn't look at the at the son of God. He looked at the lamb and because the lamb was perfect, he says, "Your sins are forgiven." But because it was the blood of booze and goss, they kept on coming over and over again. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But there had to come an end to all of that. And God came in the body of his own son, the ultimate sacrifice so that he could wipe away your sins once and for all. Let's hear what the prophet of God says. He says, "That's the way it is today. We guilty and worthy should die. We are not worthy of leaving. We are not worthy to come to Christ. We are not worthy to ask anything. God never looks at your unworthiness. He looked at the lamb. Now he can find no fault in Christ. Then you are free. When Jesus was on the earth, he was sinfree. He was the only perfect man who never committed a sin yet to be the perfect lamb. Pilot examined him. He says, "I find no fault in him." Why? He was being examined for you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He died in yourstead and now there is no fault with him. You are not free yet. But God don't examine you. He examines the lamb. You say, "I'm not worthy to walk out of this wheelchair." That's right. You are not going to examine you. He examine Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And if he is worthy, then you can walk. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So you might not be in a wheelchair wherever you are here examine yourself in the mirror because God is not looking at you. He's not looking at the lies you told. He's not looking at what you stole 5 years ago. He's looking at Christ. And when he sees Christ, Christ is blameless and he says you can go free because you never done it in the first place. Devil the accuser of brethren, he cannot accuse you because you are free because you are blameless. God does not look at you. He looks at Christ. So because he looks at Christ, I know I'm free. But that was not the end of the story when they buried him on Friday. They thought he was dead and gone. But that was just the beginning of the story when he cried on the cross and said it is finished. He was talking about the prophecies that talked about till his death. But he was not done yet. After he died, he went down to gra in the grave. When he was in the grave, everything seemed silent. Was gone. But when it was silent, that's when he was working. That's why the singer said, "Even if I don't see it, you are working. He's a way maker. He's a miracle worker. He works in the silence on Saturday when the earth was confused and crying, "Our savior is gone." He had one stop to make and he went down to the region of the lost. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And he came to the door of hell. And he started knocking. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And when the demons came, they saw it was Jesus and they all started trembling. You see what the prophet says, "Amen." Amen. He says, "Now I can hear him saying, Satan, come here. He is boss now." And he reaches over and grabs the key of death, hell, and the grave. He took away the key from Satan. the key of death, hell, and the grave. Satan cannot kill you. Satan cannot send you to hell. He took those keys. And Jesus said to Satan, I want to serve you. Notice on you. You've been a bluff long enough. I'm the virgin born son of the living God. My blood is still wet on the cross. My blood is still wet on the cross and the full debt has been paid. Not partially but fully. You have no rights no more. Satan have no rights no more. He has no rights over your life. He has no rights over your family. He has no right over your finances because his right has been taken away. You are stripped. Give me those keys. Amen. That's right. He turns around and gives him a good healthy kick and slams the door together and says, "Stay in there. I'm boss from now on." Satan was closed down in hell. He no longer has power over you. When brother Isaac was preaching, he says, "All power that is in heaven was given to Jesus." And we know that all that was in God was poured into Christ and all that was in Christ was poured into you. The power that God had, he says, "Let there be the same power that Jesus had. when he kicked Satan. I'm here to remind you the same power that Jesus has laying in you this morning. So if Jesus could kick Satan with that power too, he cannot stand before you. He's been stripped naked. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'll finish off with this quote. Amen. Amen. And the prophet God says, I think of him when he had risen from the dead that morning that um he was had his own blood as as a high priest. He was sacrificing his blood as his own blood as the high priest. This was after the cross of Calvary and he took his blood and he was going for to atone for you and me. He went beyond the veils through every sin. Now listen, it says Satan in the times past had men blocked off from heaven. Satan in times past had men blocked from heaven and men could not go get into contact with heaven because when Adam lost the title deed there was a chasm that was created. There was a chasm that was created that was created and men could not communicate with God. Amen. So Satan in times past had men blocked offer from heaven. A man could not get in contact with heaven. But when Jesus took his blood, the first veil he rent was the veil of death and the veil of the grave. the veil in the temple and the veil of sickness and the veil of fear and every veil that there was it was rent and God revealed it to man. So the blockage that Satan had Jesus came to break that veil. So he went away in a uh in above the heavens of heaven and was seated on the right hand of God and sit down as a finished work and all above. He opened a channel that God used to come down through the corridors of heaven and talk to mankind in the garden of Eden and Satan. And Satan by sin had blocked them. But the great high priest with his anointed with his blood, he went through every veil and ripped her open out of the sky. Amen. Amen. Amen. So before the cross of Calvary, there was a blockage in heaven because of sin. Remember Daniel prayed for 21 days and he was fighting the prince of Pasia because there was a blockage. But when Jesus came, he rent that veil. He rent the veil of sickness. He rent the veil of fear and open up back that communication pathway. He went through every veil and ripped it open and cleared out the skies again that God and men could be father and son and commune again with one another. So your prayers cannot be blocked anymore because there is an open channel. There is no death that can block you because he rent that veil. No fear or depression that can block you because when he sacrificed himself, you rent it open. You can have full access to the throne of God. So you can walk boldly before the throne of God and you ask for whatever you want because he opened that communication. The power that Adam had, he came to restore it back to you. That was essence of the cross and Calvary. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He rented for you and me. Amen. God bless you. Amen. There is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. For there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Power, oh wonder working power in the blood of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working power in the precious blood of the lamb. Amen. Amen. You may you may stand. And we appreciate God for the word that's been spoken this morning. I've never done anything like this preaching for 15 minutes and I'm still new into this thing, but my hope is in God. You know, I trust God because it's not up to me to do the talking, but it's up to God. And it's not about the quantity of the word, but it's about the quality. Let's um have a word of prayer real quick. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, how good you've been to us, Lord God. And I thank you for your love. I thank you for the cross, Lord. And more importantly, I thank you for raising again, Lord Jesus. And heavenly father, because you leave, we we we shall leave also, Lord Jesus. Heavenly Father, I pray that you anoint your word this morning. I surrender myself to you. I surrender the congregation to you in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's go to Luke chapter 1 verse 26. Luke chapter 1 verse 26 says, "And in the sixth month, Luke, and in the sixth month, the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee named Nazareth." So, a virgin is spouse to a man whose name was Joseph. And yeah, whose name was Joseph of the house of David, and the virgin's name was Mary. So, I'll just keep And so, the angel pretty much is telling Mary that she's going to bear a son without without touching a man. And then verse 34, Mary says, "Then then said Mary unto the angel, how shall this be, seeing I know not a man?" You know, Mary understood that this was something impossible to be done. And then 35, the angel answered and said unto her, the Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, and the power of the highest shall overshadow thee. Therefore also the holy thing which shall be born of thee shall be called the son of God. You know, you notice the difference when something a challenge stood in front of Mary something that seemed impossible to her. The answer was the Holy Ghost shall come upon me. And that's going to be my little subject for for today. You know, the Holy Ghost shall come upon thee. In other words, the quickening power, the quickening spirits will come upon thee. And you may have your seats. Now let's go to Luke chapter 18 verse 27. Luke chapter 18 verse 27. And the Bible says and he said the things which are impossible with men are possible with God. So remember this thing, it was impossible for a man, for a woman to have a child without touching a man. But the difference was that when the Holy Spirit comes upon you, it makes the difference. It's the same thing in our lives. Anything that may seem impossible to us, the answer is that when the Holy Ghost shall come upon thee, he will make that thing possible. Why? Because because the Holy Ghost is God himself because when the Holy Ghost makes a promise, he always has to abide by his promise because to the Holy Ghost, nothing is impossible. In the life of a Christian, without the Holy Ghost, you are nothing. Without the Holy Ghost, you cannot have any victories. Without the Holy Ghost, you're always going to find yourself in a cycle. But what you need to do this morning is you need to call on God. And and this morning, I'm here to tell you that the difference is when the Holy Ghost will come up on thee, he'll make that thing possible. One of the examples, one of the examples, Samson, Samson the prophet said he was not a strong man in his own nature. Samson, the prophet even says he was like a cece. But the difference is that when that power came on Samson, he made him a stronger person. You may find yourself falling in sin, day after day you keep falling to the same sin. And then that seems seem that seems seem seem as if it's too strong for you. But the answer to that is just let the Holy Ghost fall upon you. Let that quickening power that was on Jesus Christ be in you and he'll make you victorious. We here celebrating the resurrection. What is the resurrection? The resurrection. When Jesus rose, he had to send a token. There had to be proof of the resurrection. How do we know that Jesus is alive? When when God rose, he said, "I send you as witnesses." God has to send witnesses of his resurrection. And this morning, God is looking for witnesses of his resurrection. But the only way you can be a witness of his resurrection is you. The Holy Ghost must be upon you. Because Jesus says, "I send you to be witnesses. But wait, wait for the Holy Ghost, that promise of the father to come upon you first. When the when the Holy Ghost comes, he makes a difference in the life of a Christian. Samson he was in the lowest moment of moment of his life. He was about to get to be to get killed and he did something very evil but he remembered that he once used to have that quickening power in him. He remembered that he wasn't himself making himself stronger and it seems like everybody was against him. All the Philistines, everybody that wanted to make an entertainment out of Samson. This morning you might feel like in you alone in your fight. You might feel like the demons and demons are coming after you and you're all alone. But Jesus says that I'll never leave you nor forsake you. I'll always be with you. But what you need to do, you need to do like so you need to remember God. You need to remember that it's not yourself, but it's he that lives in you is greater than he that lives of the in the world. Any obstacles that comes in your life, you have to realize that you have a God who is stronger than the obstacles. That God has never lost the battle. Jesus, even when death knocked at his door, death had gotten all the prophets throughout the ages. But this time when death knocked at Jesus door, death understood that something was different about that man. death understood that this person was not just didn't just have the quickening power, but he was the quickening power. And Jesus also knowing that he needed that quickening power in order for him to overcome. That's why he's sending us his quickening power. And you may seems like you alone in the fight. I must tell you that if the quickening power is in you, nothing stand against you shall prosper. Because Jesus says that fear not because I have overcome the world. It doesn't matter. The Bible tells you that you shall possess the gates of your enemies. But in order for you to possess the Holy Ghost must be upon you. The reason why Jesus Christ rose from the dead is so he could send us the Holy Ghost. So you are you in other words you are not it seems like you don't really understand the meaning of resurrection if you don't understand that you must get the Holy Ghost because you remember when Jesus was going he says that I must go to the father so I can send you the comfort because because Jesus knew that especially in the age of Leodia the temptations and the battle was going to be stronger. But he understood that. For instance, let's get back to the story of Samson. When the quickening spir got up got on Samson, he overcame thousands of Philistines. Samson became a one-man army. When the quickness far against you, you become a oneman army. And in those moments again says that in my weakness his strength is perfect. So therefore let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Why? Because I've got the rich the the the the quickening power in me. That that quickening power is is the father. My father owns all the riches. My father has all the strength. You know, you must have the Holy Ghost. That's why Jesus died on the cross. In Acts 2:38, you know, the disciples waited in the upper room. They they waited for that promise of the father because remember the question here is how do we know that God rose? You need to ask yourself that question in your life. How do you We're here celebrating the resurrection, but do you know what the resurrection is? We are here celebrating the resurrection, but the devil doesn't care about you celebrating the resurrection. The devil wants to see a resurrection in your life. The prophet is saying quickly means to bring what's dead to make it alive. The pro the devil doesn't care if you just hear saying God rose from the dead because out there in the world they celebrate the same thing. But there's a different when a Christian celebrates resurrection. What is the different and different is because you have experienced the resurrection. Brothers, I'm here to tell you that the resurrection is a person. The resurrection is not an event. The world is celebrating an event but we are celebrating the person of Jesus Christ. And it says that I live you shall live also. We are to be different. You know, we shouldn't like this morning, I I received a message from from my apartment. They're also celebrating the resurrection. But what makes you a special class of people is the revelation that you get of the resurrection. So this morning, shift your focus this morning. I want everybody to leave out of this church with an experience of the resurrection. Like I preached the other time, how if someone comes to you and ask you, "How do you know that?" I want to I want the Lord Jesus Christ to save me. How are you going to lead that person to Christ when you've never experienced God? When someone witness the resurrection, it changes the person. It he takes all the fear away. You know, the disciples were afraid. They couldn't even go out. But when they witness the resurrection, they saw Jesus is like, you can see that I'm alive. Touch me. This is not a spirit. I'm the same Jesus that once lived. I died, but I rose again. And I changed the disciples and he brought result. If you want to see the result of God in your life, you need to witness the resurrection. The resurrection is the person of the Lord Jesus Christ. And Jesus Christ wants to be welcome in your life. But he will not come in unless if you invite him. Quickening spirit. That spirit if he can quicken the bones, he will quicken anything in your life. What is dead in your life? What is dead in your life? Is your spiritual life with God dead? If it's dead, you need that quickness spirit. Are your finances dead? I'm here to tell you that the quickness spirit can also give you finances. That quickness spirit. That's why the Bible says I can do all things through Christ. I can do all things through that quickness spirit. That's why when a man has the Holy Ghost, all things become possible. That quickness spirit is a token of the resurrection. You cannot talk about the resurrection without the Holy Ghost. Brothers, that's why the prophet says that the token was the highlight of my ministry. The token was the highlight of brother Brandham's ministry. The token is the highlight of this ministry. I am not a good preacher if I don't preach about the Holy Ghost. Because this world cannot change you. I cannot give you healing. I cannot give you money. I cannot save you. But I know one person who can. He's the God of the resurrection. And the God of the resurrection, he says, "I will never fail you, brothers. Even when you die, even if they bury you 10,000 feet below the earth, the God of the resurrection will not fail you. The God of the resurrection will be there." Because he says, "I'll never leave one person behind." Jesus was the example. He was buried for three days. Oh, corruption wanted to come in but the the corruption wanted to come in but the corruption could not even touch Jesus. Corruption could not touch him. God remembered that God said in the third day I will rise again. God remembered about his promise. Oh, you are not serving a a a God who doesn't remember. When God makes a promise, he always stands with his promise. You know if God remember that he will rise Christ again on the third day. God says that in the last day I will when you'll hear my voice you will rise again. And God will remember I have my children that needs to rise. That's why Joseph said do not bury my bones here when I die. Take my bones and take them in the promised land. Brothers and sisters we have a promise of God. Our Canaan is the Holy Ghost. Our Canaan is the Holy Ghost. Joseph said, "Do not bury my body in Egypt." Jacob made Joseph promise. Promise me to not leave my bones here. Take my bones to the promised land. Why? Because one day I know that God will come. He will rise and he will quicken my body. I want to rise without Christians. Oh brothers and sisters, do not bury my bones in the world. My bones will not stay in Iowa. My bones will not stay in demon. Oh, even if I die today, my bones will not stay here. Even if they burn me with fire, my bones will not stay here. Take my bones in the Holy Ghost. Take my bones in Christ. I want to live in God. Why? Because I know that one day He will come for me. One day he come for you. One day Jesus is going to come for you. You got to believe one day Jesus is going to come for you. Remember it's the quickening power. What a spirit. What a weird spirit. It's the proof that Jesus rose from the dead. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. The the grave could not contain Jesus. The grave could not contain you. Well, let me rephrase it. The grave could not contain you. Why? Because as long as I've got Jesus in me, there's nothing that can stand against me. As long as I've got Jesus in me, the Bible says you shall possess the gates of your enemies. What are your gates? We are here celebrating the resurrection. as the world does. I love people who have received the revelation of the resurrection. What is that g in front of you? Jesus is here this morning. But Jesus loves witnesses. That's it's not in vain that Jesus says I send you to be my witness. God always likes to stand behind his word. Today, Jesus is here to prove to you that he rose from the dead. I'm here to tell you that there's not a sickness that can stand against you. There's not anything that can stand before you. When the Holy Ghost comes upon you, it makes the difference. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. When the Holy Ghost comes upon you, it makes a difference. Your children, you want your childrens to be saved. It's not up to you to save your children. Look to God. I'm here to tell you the Holy Spirit is saying when the Holy Ghost will come upon them, it will quicken their mortal body. They used to live in sin. But the Holy Ghost is going to quicken them from sin to life. Hallelujah. The Holy Ghost makes the difference. The Holy Ghost makes the difference. Satan tried to disturb this service. Why? Because he know he knew we were going to talk about the Holy Ghost. We don't talk about the Holy Ghost the way the world talks about the Holy Ghost. We want a living God. We are here for a living God. God be with us then miracles. Brothers, I refuse to serve a dead God. I refuse to serve a dead God. Refuse to serve a dead God. Jesus rose from the dead and he wants you to be a witness. When you go to work, witness that and know that God is alive because he promised me the Holy Ghost. And he gave me the Holy Ghost. And if I don't have the Holy Ghost, he said, "Ask and you shall receive." He said, "When the Holy Ghost shall fall upon you." So we have a promise brothers and these are things I've experienced in my life. I'm not going to go into the details. A few services ago, a few services ago, I was preaching and the Holy Spirit fall came upon me at the end of the service and Jesus took control of my voice and you can check it on the live stream. The Holy Ghost says that if there's something that I needed in my life, the Holy Ghost says that I, the Lord Jesus Christ, if you need that thing, I the Lord Jesus Christ give it to you. That's something that I hadn't heard in nine years. In nine years. But I'm here as a witness to tell you that it can't it's coming just to pass as the Holy Ghost said. That thing is starting to move. Why? The difference is the Holy Ghost said it. It doesn't matter how long you've been waiting for something. It doesn't matter how long you've been dead in sin. When the Holy Ghost comes, it makes a difference. Another example was right. Oh, she was a mother. She was praying for her children. Had writes was praying for her children. But you you notice the difference is that there had to be a time for the Holy Ghost to be in the room. Hallelujah. Had he writes when the Holy Ghost came upon the prophet. And the Holy Ghost said, "Ask what you will right now. He will be given to you. Not tomorrow, but right now he will be given to you." Brothers, the same Holy Ghost is here this morning. The same Holy Ghost is saying ask what you will not tomorrow but today. Today that thing is going to come to pass. Why? Because that Jesus is the same yesterday and forever. When the Holy Ghost said it, the prophet right for asked for the the salvation of her children. And if you listen to the prophet testimony, the childrens were out there laughing at at the at the parents. Well, but when she asked that and brother Bham says, I give it to you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. At that very same moment, those children started crying. Brothers, anything you want, you know, when the Holy Ghost comes in the room, believe on the Holy Ghost, you will see the glory of God. When the Holy Ghost come, there's not a gate that can stand against you. Stop living below your privileges. You are sons and daughters of God. We the prophet the pastor talked about the pill of fire. But why did this pill of fire came? This pill of fire came to tell us that this message is the truth. This pill of fire came to tell us there have been many people in the past who came. They thought they were the prophet of the age. I looked even into the uh the I think it says the church of Christ. They also believe that Jo Joseph Smith is is Malachi 4. They also believe that Joseph Smith is Malachi 4. But the difference is their Malachi 4 had never been vindicated. Amen. Amen. And if you notice, the the the God did not just come to vindicate the prophet, but he came to vindicate the message. To vindicate that this message did not come from a man, that he came from God. And he came to vindicate that this message is the proof that Jesus rose from the dead. Brothers, that holy that pillow of fire should not just remain on the in the picture. that that pill of fire is in the room right now. What is making you excited? What is making you happy? What is it not yourself? Oh, Satan doesn't want you to be happy. Satan doesn't want you to be happy. It's the Holy Ghost. It's the pill on fire. But you notice in a prophet's ministry, there used to be a time where the Holy Ghost was just on the side and the prophet would say, "But now that pill of fire is entering into me, brothers, right now the Holy Ghost is in your side, but the Holy Ghost want to enter into you." Right now, the Holy Ghost want to enter into you, but you need to invite him. The reason you know I give I give a lot of testimonies and this week this week the devil was trying to get me a work. You know when I was preparing this this thing I I I wrote the testimony there and Satan said man you give too many testimonies. Satan said the people are going to get tired to hear you giving testimonies. So we here to prove that the devil is a liar. Are you tired to hear the testimonies of God? God is my God is my witness. I've never lied on anything I say here in the pulpit. And when I say it, I give it to the glory of God. God has been too good for me. And the reason why I give those testimonies, I want you to experience that same God because if God can do it for me, he can do it for you. one testimony that I'm gonna give another one again that happened recently that happened recently. Um I I I started a second job and I think I told some some people in the church I was bragging about you know starting a second job and all that. So I was working two jobs at the same time for about two weeks. But little did I know that it was God preparing everything for me because a few weeks maybe two weeks after I started my second job my company start my first job's company had some companywide layoff and like last week I found out that I got laid off from my first job but my God was faithful to me. A guy knew that I was going to be laid off and he provided to me a second job before I even could finish the first job. Why? Because I trust God. But if God can do it for me, he can do it for you. Amen. I'm going to find something to end with. I had a lot more things to say here, but I'll save it for another day. Amen. The prophet says, I think I have the quote here. He said, uh, it's, let me see. The prophet said, uh, I can't find it here, but it says like it's not the the word doesn't quicken. [Music] Yeah. Yeah, I find it. It's in the Eastern Seal, paragraph 52. The prophet says it's the spirit that quickens. He says it's not the word that quickens. We have too many people here that know the message from A to Z, but no experiences with God. Satan doesn't care about that. Satan knew the word. He quoted the word to Jesus. It's not the word that quickens. The word is the mechanics, but the mechanic needs the dynamic. We need the word and we need the spirit. Brothers and sisters, I'm tired of coming to church and not experiencing the move of God. When when brother was preaching, God was in the room. God was vindicating the message. It was the same message that we are preaching. And that that pillar of fire is supposed to vindicate the same message. It's the spirit. The prophet says it's the spirit that quickens the word or gives the word life. So we have the word but the word needs life. And he says it gives it wings to fly. It's the spirit that does it. Examine your life this morning. Some of us know the message very well, more than even me. You say one thing, they already have a quote for you for that. One thing, they already have a quote for you. But I'm asking you this question. What has those quotes done to you? Knowing those quotes alone didn't do nothing to you. Why? Because you are missing that thing that makes those quotes leave. My message to you this morning that Jesus rose from the dead and he wants this message to become a reality. Is there anybody that wants the message to be a reality in their life? One more quote and I'll end the prophet in the same message paragraph 44. He says, "What is the Pentecostal blessing? It's the confirmation of the resurrection. No wonder the gospel is the gospel itself means good news good news of what he has raised from the dead and because I live remember it's because Jesus lives ye live also ye which were once dead in sin and trespasses. I hope he's talking to someone this morning. Let me make it personal. I which once was dead in sin and trespassing, God has waken us together by the spirits that rose Jesus from the dead. And we are now sitting in heavenly places with him communing with him. We are now sitting in heavenly places communing with him. I was looking for a quote here, but it seems like no wonder we The prophet says, "No wonder we lay hands on the sick. No wonder we love one another. We are brothers and sisters." He says, "We shouldn't hate one another because we are corrected by the word of God. We should love one another and have respect for one another. The Bible says, you know, if you don't, the quickening spirits won't help you. That's a powerful quote. The prophet is saying if you don't have respect one for another, if you don't love one another, that quickening spirit won't help you. Job had that hope. Job says that even though the worms ate my flesh, it destroyed his body, yet in my flesh shall I see God. Job did not say, "In my spirit shall I see God. Yet in my flesh shall I see God." God bless you. Amen. Amen. Ain't God good? We appreciate the Lord Jesus Christ. I told uh brother Liz Paul since he was the last one he could have some extra time and I'm glad he did. Everything fell in order. We had only four ministers at the first brother John was going to come. So we stuck him in. That made five grace and I appreciate him ministry. Like everything went in order. Let's give God a round of applause. We we we love the Lord. Amen. And brother, give me a key of C. We we you know, we would have been outside talking. So, let's let's end. We're going to we're going to have communion, too, right? Those who want to have communion, we'll do it right after services. Those who need to leave or whatever, you're more than welcome. here. Uh, ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention? I'd like to introduce to you in this corner of the good and the right stands a champion rob in white. His heart exceeds the heavens. His weight outweighs the world. His reach reaches everywhere. His age is ever more. He is higher than the highest. He's greater than the great. No one could ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightiest. He reign from above. He's the alltime undefeated [Music] undefeated champion of love. He left his hometown to enter this arena to raise his head in victory for you and me. But you see, there was a angry crowd that cried, "Crucify him, he who wore their crown." And they watched my champion growing down. But I will never count him out. Cuz I'm a witness of that day. He rose to proclaim, share beyond of love. He is higher than the high. Help me sing it. He's greater than the great. No one could ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightiest and he reign from above. Oh, he's the alltime undisputed, undefeated champion of love. Oh yes, he's higher than the highest. He's greater than the great. No one could ever take his crown away. He's more mighty than the mightiest and he reign from a time undisputed undefeated champion of love. [Laughter] [Music] I only sang that song because brother Liz Paul wanted me to and I told him I would by the grace of God. I appreciate everybody today. I know some of us um Okay. Okay. By the grace of God, Sister Annie's birthday. Y like y'all sad. You can't be tired. I don't believe you're tired. Some of y'all say, "Yes, I am." No. Not with the word came the way the way the word came. I guarantee you if I was serving some food out there, you wouldn't be tired. [Music] Be right in line in it. Yeah, it's true. Right in line. But you know, this is more important these days. You're going to wish you had them. Brother Brandham said, "This kind of service one day will become a fond memory. The church world is going to shut this down one day. You better enjoy Jesus while you can. I don't get tired of him." And you know, I told y'all I could have church every day and then y'all get quiet on me. But God knows that's the truth. every day. I can have him every day. Somebody somebody preaching. I appreciate every every preacher that came up almighty God we serve. What a variation in the gifts. See, some of y'all want to just hear one side, but no, no, no. And you know I love everyone teacher, whether it be preacher, whether it be exaltation, whether it be I always see Jesus. God always give me something to Amen. Hallelujah. You know, it's amazing how God works. And he threw love in the middle of it. Comes back with a love quote. And then just how God I love that you can't celebrate Easter if you don't know that Easter is a person. and you must have that revelation is not a holiday. It's an experience experience God resurrected in you. Oh, I I wish I wish before we we we start the next portion of this service. I'd like to have an African song with some dancing. Yeah. See that? See that? And now y'all sit back in your chair. Y'all need to stop that. This is I felt that. It was like a wave. You're ready to go. Y'all waiting for that dinner. Whatever y'all got. We're going to pray for our sister Annie. This is Brother John. Lovely wife. She's been always kind to my wife and I. We going to pray a special blessing for her. Father, I know it's just her birthday, but I can remember the times, Lord, that she struggled with physical ailments. Even the time she struggled with her eye and Lord, how you healed it, showing that you are resurrected, that you're the same God today as you was yesterday. Lord, I pray for our sister Annie, Lord. I remember the times, oh God, she had dreams that Satan was trying to place her. And yet, you gave her victory over all of that. You're the same God that William Brandham served. You're the same yesterday, today, and forever. He taught us that whatsoever we believe, we should have it. And Father, I pray for my sister that you give her a double portion of your Holy Spirit. I pray, Father, that you keep her and guide her and lead her in the things that she thirsts for. those righteous things. You said that you have given them all to us, but give us the faith to receive them. Bless her now that she'll be a a good mother, a good wife. Hallelujah. And most of all, a good servant for you. Bless her now. Keep her. Let no hurt come upon her. And Father, we'll be careful to give you the praise, glory, and honor. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. In all that we say and do, Even Jesus couldn't do miracles because there was no faith. And we know by the grace of God that a man can preach all he want to but if you don't grab the word by faith it won't do you any good. Like you know people come to church with attitudes. They don't like certain people to say anything or preach anything because contrary to the word and you don't even realize that you're hindering the service and God feels you. He knows and he knows those deep dark thoughts that you have and God offered himself today. See, because you'll never get rid of those dark thoughts until the Holy Ghost come upon you. And to have such evil in you, it proves that you're lacking something because the Holy Ghost will never allow you to hold on that to that which is evil. The Holy Ghost will torment you until you make things right. Didn't see you over here, sister. Okay, the Lord. Where's Brother Danny? Danny, keep your eyes on her. Father God, we pray for my precious sister. Lord, bless her right now in the precious name of Jesus. I've seen her, Lord God. I remember the day she got baptized in your name, Jesus. Father, and I pray, Father God, that you'll continue to make Hallelujah, make her grow. I pray, Father God, that you'll keep her, Lord. Let no hurt, how much danger come upon her, Lord. Praise in your name, Jesus. This is such an evil age, Lord. Let her stay focused. Let her eyes remain on you regardless to what comes and goes. Whether it be around the house, in the house, at school, wherever it may be, keep her eyes on you, Lord Jesus. And we pray, Father, believing that you will build a wall of fire about her. She's a precious sister, Lord. God bless her now. She has such a lovely spirit. And we pray that you keep her and guide her. In your name, Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. She has an exam. I believe that she wants God to move and help her in and she want to bring forth a testimony for the Lord Jesus Christ. So we pray for my precious sister. He said, "Ask whatever you will in my name." And we come in the name of Jesus Christ. He said, "And it shall be given to you, sister. You believe, you receive it, and it's yours in the name of Jesus Christ." Amen. Amen. Okay, we're going to change order. I'm trying to see some happy faces. You know, if I was afraid of man, I would be afraid right now. But I thank the Lord God I'm not. We're going to sing What a Mighty God We Serve. Some of you may have uh scheduled other things. I I don't think we made it known to you that we're having more than one preacher. And I trust that our our absent minded or negligence did not uh throw your schedule off. Some of you may have to leave. That's okay. But for those who can stay, we would love for you to stay and we're going to we're going to change the order. Uh we're going to give it over to our song leader while while I prepare myself for uh communion. Communion won't last long. Just y'all understand why we have to because we're one bread. We're one body. My goodness. That's all. Is that it? What was that? Eight people. May the Lord bless your day hereafter. I'm not trying to joke. I joy is expressed. You know what I mean? You know, and and I'll be honest with you, I I do know. Can I say it like this without a face? A lot of a lot of the Congolese people, y'all come a mighty long way. Y'all know when y'all came here, y'all didn't know how to smile at all. I I guess that was a weapon you had to use and and just to see you smiling and laughing. That's why God sent y'all here cuz I'm I'm a jovial person. I'm a jovial person and I love smiles. I love laughter, you know, I love to see people happy. And one thing I can truly say, I see the growth in you. You may not see it, but I can see it. And I thank God for Amen. Amen. Amen. What a mighty God. What a mighty God. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. We angel bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Oh Jesus is the God we serve. Jesus is the God we serve. All the angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. One mighty God to serve. That God should love a sinner such as I should yearn to change my sorrow into bliss. No rest till ye have planned to bring me nigh. How wonderful is love. Oh sing such love. Such love. Such wonderous love. Oh such love. Such wonderous love. Oh that God should love a sinner such as I. Oh how wonderful is love. Oh, sing such love. Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous love. Oh, that's such true love. A sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. That Christ should join so freely in the gift. Although it meant his death on Calvary. Oh, did ever you men find no blessing? Oh, then love divineed ransom me such love. Such love, such wonderous. Oh, such love. Such wonderous love. Oh, that God love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love. Oh, such love. Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous love that God should love. A sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. Oh that for a willful cat such as I the father bled the savior bled and died redemption for a worthless babe to buy. Oh who long hello and grace defied. Sing such love. Such love. Such sing such love. Oh such wondrous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. Oh and now he takes me to his hardest son. He asked me not to feel a servant place the far of country wondering all of them wide open all his arms of grace. Sing such love. Oh such sing such love. Such love. Such wonderous love. Oh that God should love a sinner such as oh how wonderful. Oh sing such love. Oh such wonderous love. Oh such love. Such wonderous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. [Music] [Music] Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Jerry [Music] Ocean. Oh, we [Music] don't. Oh, we say la. Oh brother, oh love the von the flare. We [Music] build. Oh, we call. Oh, we Oh. Oh. Oh, we share. Oh. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh sh. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh go see Man passing peace coal. Oh. [Music] [Applause] Oh, yep. [Music] [Music] [Music] It feel quite awkward without brother Keith being here. but he's having a better time. I still can't get over it. He left me. But if I had had the choice, I would have left him, too. Oh, I love this word. It brings such a peace to my soul because really all of us are failures. Without Jesus Christ, all of us are failures. But I thank God for the grace and the mercy God has given to us. Now for those of us and I assume that all of us are here for communion. So, we're going to stand and read coming from First Corinthians. We're going to read from the 11th chapter beginning at the 23rd verse. See, for I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed, took bread, and when he had given the thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat, this is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me. After the same manner also he took the cup when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do eat as often as ye drink it in remembrance of me." For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, ye do show the Lord's death till he come. Wherefore, whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the blood body and blood of of the Lord. But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkkeeth unworthily eateth and drinkketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For many for this cause many are weak and sickly among you and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasened of the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. Wherefore, my brethren, when you come together to eat, tarry one for another, and if any man hunger, let him eat at home, that ye come together unto not, not to come, not excuse me, and if any man hunger, let him eat at home, that ye come not together unto condemnation, and the rest will I set in order when I come. Amen. Amen. even [Music] [Music] I know the victory. [Music] Love him. Oh, true. [Music] For those who are who are taking the communion, you can remain standing. And for those who are not taking communion, you can remain seated. [Music] [Music] Fore Jesus has a tablespread. Where the saints of God are fed, he invites his chosen people come and die with his manner. He does feed and supplies our every need. Oh, is sweet to s with Jesus all the time. Come and die. The master call it come and [Music] die. Oh, you may feast at Jesus table all the time. All the time. He who fed the multitudes turned the water into wine. To the hungry call it now come and die. All the disciples came to land thusing Christ's command. For their master called to them, there they found their hearts desire. Bread and fish upon the fire. Does he satisfies the hungry every time? Come and die. The master callth. Come and die. Or you may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitudes turn the water into wine. To the hungry calling now come and die. Oh come and die. Come and die. The master call come and die. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He fed the multitude. Turn the water into wine. To the hungry call now. Come and die. Come and die. Come and dine. The master callth. Come and dine. Hallelujah. You made feast at Jesus table all the time. He fed the multitude, turned the water into wine. To the hungry call now. Come and die. Amen. And when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. do this in remembrance of me. Father God, we thank you for the bread we thank you that represents your body. We thank you, Lord God, for the wine which represents your blood. Bless this bread. Bless this wine because there is healing in communion. If there be anybody sick or anybody that needs healing, We pray Lord by way of this communion, by way of this sacrifice that your blood Lord Jesus Christ rid us of everything that is not like you. Whether it be naturally or spiritually in your name Jesus Christ we pray. Let us eat. After the same manner also he took the cup. When he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament and my blood is due ye as often as you drink it in remebrance. down from his glory. [Music] Ever story. [Music] My God and Savior came and Jesus was his name. Born in a [Music] manger to his own a stranger. [Music] A man of sorrow tears. [Music] Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my only know the great creator beame my savior and all God's fool. He in. What [Music] confident bringing us redemption that in the dead of night, not one foe inside, oh God gracious tender, [Music] He laid aside his pling to w to win to to save my soul. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my all in all, the great creator, became my savior. All all God's [Music] fullness dwell in him. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my [Music] all the great [Music] creator became my savior and all. that [Music] fullness dwell in him. [Music] Without reluctance, flesh and blood, he took the form of men. Reveal the healing blood. Oh glorious mystery sacrifice of Calary. And now I know thou a great I am. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine. You're my all in all. [Music] The great creator became my savior and all God's [Music] fool in him. Oh, oh, how I adore him. How I adore you, Lord. My bre, my sunshine. You're my all in all. The great creator became my savior. And all God [Applause] in Jesus and all [Music] God dwellth in him. [Music] [Music] I adore him. My breathless sunshine. All in [Music] all, the great [Music] creator became my savior and all God's dwelling in him. [Music] All right. Following our order, brethren, we'll remain in auditorium here. And sisters, you can go into the vestibu when you are completed, sisters, then you can come back in and we'll dismiss the service from here. God bless you. [Music] Leave me [Music] there. Leave me there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave me there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your birth to the Lord and leave you there. Oh, just leave me there. Leave me there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Cuz if you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and he be there. If the word from you withholds of its silver and its gold and you have to get along with me fair, just remember in his word how he feeds the little bird. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Oh, leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave you there. Oh, if you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. [Music] Take your burden to the Lord and be there. [Music] What's up? [Music] [Music] Jesus knows the pain you feel. He can save and he can heal. Take your burden to the Lord and leave be there. Oh, leave me there. Leave me there. Oh, take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust, if you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave him only [Music] [Music] Far [Music] [Music] over Enemies a cell and your heart begins to fail. Don't forget that God in heaven answers prayer. Oh, he will make a way for you and will lead you safely through. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Oh, leave me there. Leave me there. Oh, take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Oh, if you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave me there. Oh, take your burden to the Lord and leave me there. Oh, if you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave me there. When your youthful days are gone and all age is stilling on and your body bends beneath the weight of care. Oh, he will never leave you then. He'll go with you to the end. Take your burden to the Lord and leave me there. Oh, leave me there. Oh, leave there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave you there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. [Music] to over. [Music] [Music] Thank you Jesus for the blood of Thank you Jesus. It has me. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness into glorious light. I was a wretch. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. See, separated. The bridge was far too wide. From the far side of the chasm, you held me in your sight. So you made a way across the great divide. Left behind heaven's throne to build it here inside. And there at the cross, you paid the debts I owe. Broke my chain, freed my soul. For the first time, I had hope. I say thank you Jesus for the blood of blood. Thank you Jesus. It has washed me white. Thank you Jesus cuz you have saved my life. Brought me from the darkness into glorious side. I say gloryy to his [Music] name. Gloryy to his name. Oh there to my heart was the blood applied. Glory to his name. Oh, down at the cross where my savior died. Down where for cleansing from sin I cried. There to my heart once the blood applied. We singing gloryy to his name. Oh [Music] hallelujah. Gloryy to his name. Glory to his name. There to my heart was the blood of life singing gloryy to his [Music] name. Come to this fountain so rich and sweet. Cast thy poor soul at the Savior's feet. Plunge into today and be made complete. Singing gloryy to his name. Hallelu. Glory to his name. Oh, glory to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood applied. Glory to his name. Hallelujah. [Music] Glory to his name. Oh go to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood applied. Glory to his name. [Music] Oh precious fountain that saves from sin. I am so glad I have entered in there. Jesus saves me and keeps me clean. Oh, glory to his name. Hallelujah. Glory to his name. Yes. Glory to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood applied singing gloryy to his name. Oh precious fountain that saves from sin. I am so glad I have entered in there. Jesus saves me and keeps me clean. Singing gloryy to his name. Singing glory. [Music] precious name. Go red to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood I applied singing gloryy to his name. Down at the cross where my Savior died, down where full cleansing from sin I cried. There to my heart was the blood applied. Singing gloryy to singing glory, glory, glory. His precious name. Glory to his wonderful name. There to my heart was the blood of blood. Glory to his name. There to my heart was the blood I applied. Glory to his name. Amen. Above all [Music] powers, above all kings, above all nature and all created things, above all wisdom and all the ways of men, you were there before the world began. Yes. Above all kingoms, above all the wrongs, above all wonders the world has ever known. above the [Music] whale and treasures of the earth. There's no [Music] way you were crucified. Crucified. Laid behind the stone. You live to die. Rejected and alone like a rose trampled underground. You took the [Music] fall and you thought of me. Oh Lord, you were cruel. If I laid behind, you'll live to die. Yes. Rejected and alone like a rose, trampled on the ground. You took the fall and you thought of me. Oh Lord, you were [Music] cruel. You live to die. [Music] Oh Lord, rejected and alone like a road that was trampled underground. You took the fall and you thought of me above all. Let's sing it one more time. Above all power, above all [Music] kings, above all nature, and all creative wisdom and all the ways of man, Jesus, you were [Music] Above all kingdoms, above all throne, above all wonder. The world has a Bible way and treasures are Lord. There's no [Music] way. Oh, you were crucified. Crucif. Oh, you live to die. Live to die. [Music] Rejected. Oh, like a road trampled [Music] underground. You took the fall and thought of [Music] me. Yeah. Oh, you were crucified. You were laid up. You live to die. Live to die. Rejected. Oh Lord, like a road trampled underground, you took the fall and you thought of me above [Music] all. You took the fall and you thought of [Music] me above all. You took the [Music] fall and you thought of me above [Music] all. Amen. And we have brother Ruffin come and sing. Amen. everyone. for heychech. Forejal Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. [Music] [Music] [Music] Yes, J. [Music] [Music] Chinese. Yes. [Music] foreign. [Music] [Music] foreign. [Music] [Music] for heychech. foral. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Yes. for [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, Salam. Fore! Foreign! Foreign! [Music] Jero, Jero, Jero. Do please Jero. Jericho. [Music] I [Music] became Jero. [Music] me to let them and turn them into [Music] their Oh Jero. [Music] I come I [Music] [Music] mean, Jero, Jero, [Music] Jero, God Bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music] We just want to thank God for those of you who who are still here and you appreciate the Lord Jesus Christ and everything that he's done for us this morning today. Uh I trust that this be Easter that that you will remember. You know, Father Brandon talked about the rapture and he said that it would one day take place in the time of Easter. One early, one early Easter. We know one thing for certain. California always make us know cuz they just had an earthquake a day or two, however long it was, not even quite a week ago 5.7 and immediately as as the earthquake uh subsided, my son called me and said, "Daddy, my house just waved." They're so used to it, but that's what happens. When it does come, it'll catch them off guard. But my son declare he won't be there when it happens. Everything that's been said and done and uh my I think there was an announcement. My wife had a pray a prayer request for a lady called Karen Karen that she met at Walmart this morning and uh she has some type of cancer or something. So if we could just stand and have a word of prayer there before dismissal. Our heavenly father God, we come before you right now, Lord. And even though we don't know who Karen is, we just pray Lord God that you would give a blessing there, Lord. Touch her right now, she declare herself to be a Catholic. But Lord, if there be any faith, any any kind of faith that you could touch there to give her completely a complete healing, we will appreciate it. Lord, bless her. Bless her now in the name of Jesus Christ. we pray. Amen. And my my wife walked out on this morning. I think brother Brandon was playing and she did a little talking. She wants to apologize because she didn't realize at the time what was going on. So we pray that you pray for her and forgive her for uh making that mistake. If that be all we will be dismissed. Amen. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like him. We're dismissed. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like him. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like him. There's no one. And there's no one like [Music] Jesus. And there's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one There's no one like him. There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no Oh, I've searched around. I've searched around all over. I turned around all over. I walked around all over. There's no one. There's no Oh, I've searched around. I've searched around all over. I've turned around all over. I've turned around all over. There's no one. There's no one. There's no Oh, sing. There's no one. There's no one. There's no one. Oh, there's no one. There's no one there's no one like. Oh, there's no one. There's no one there's no one like Jes. Oh, there's no one there's no Oh, sing. There's no one there's no one there's no one like Jes. Oh, there's no one there's no one like him. There's no one there's no one like Jes. Oh, there's no one. There's no Oh, I've searched around. I've searched around all over. I've turned around all [Music] over. Oh, I'm over. There's no one. There's no [Music] [Applause] one. foreign. [Applause] Oh [Music] [Applause] [Music] my shore. Oh, we just [Music] We are [Music] shame. Amazing. [Applause] [Music]
