################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-17 - Precision Shooting through Perfect Understanding  Pstr. Crosby Maliko  Wed 41625 - Crosby Maliko.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-17
Title:   Precision Shooting through Perfect Understanding // Pstr. Crosby Maliko // Wed 4/16/25
Speaker: Crosby Maliko
Church:  Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sv4buDu2fyk
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. I'm happy to be in the house of the Lord this Wednesday evening. Let's stand upon our feet. I am thine, oh Lord. I ever heard and it told the love to me. But I long to rise in the arms of faith and be close drawn to thee. Draw me [Music] nearer, nearer, blessed Lord, to thy cross where thou has died. [Music] Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord to thy preious. Let's sing that one more time prayerfully. Oh, draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord to thy cross where thou has died. Oh, draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord to thy preious leading side. Say, consecrate me, Lord. Consecrate me now to thy service. By thy power of grace, Lord, let my soul look up with a steadfast hope and my will be lost in time. My Lord, draw me near [Music] here. Nearer, blessed Lord, to the cross where thou has [Music] died. Draw me nearer, dearer. Blessed Lord to the preious [Music] living. There are depths of love [Music] depross the night. There are heights of [Music] joy of joy that I may not till I rest in peace with thee. My Lord, draw me [Music] nearer, nearer. Oh, is that your prayer tonight? it to the cross. down. Sing, Lord, draw me nearer. Draw me nearer, nearer. Blessed Lord to thy prayer. Just one more time. Prayerfully say, "Draw me nearer, nearer, blessed Lord to thy cross with thou. Oh my Lord, draw me nearer, nearer. Blessed Lord to thy preious bleeding side to thy preious bleeding side. Oh, to thy [Music] preious. I'm going to ask brother Isaac C to come and open with a word of prayer. Amen. Bless you. Let's keep the young people on my heart. Amen. Not just games of change. The reason I say that is when I was 14 or 15 was there. 30 years 35 years ago. Amen. Amen. So you know things things can the Lord very much do do things for for the young people. So let's just keep let's bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father Lord we come to you Lord and humbly Lord tonight. Lord thank you Lord for being our God the one and true powerful mighty God. We thank you, Father Lord, for your amazing grace. Thank you for Calvary, Lord. We thank you, Father, for what you've done for us. We thank you, Lord, for your plan of redemption, Father, Lord. And you chosen us, Lord, to Lord, to be your representation here on this land, Lord, in this earth, Father. Lord, Father, we ask that you bless the service tonight, Lord. Father, we come, Lord, Lord, to receive more of you, Lord, to be more like you, Father. Lord, we come humbly, Lord. We ask Lord that you would change us, Lord. Draw us closer to you. Like the song says, "Draw us nearer, nearer to thee, we want to be, Lord. Lord, what you would have us to be, Lord." Our prophet said that just a a little shrug of your head, Lord, we know exactly what to do, Father. Lord, Lord, prepare us, Lord. Make us, Lord, more like you, Father. Lord, we have our young people, Father. Lord, traveling to to Louisiana with the camp meeting, Father. Lord, may it be a time of change for them, Lord. Not just a a fun time and and that's okay, Lord, to have some meet friends, Lord, but Father Lord, I pray your Holy Spirit come down, Father, Lord, and make a change in their life that something they would never forget, Lord. That you would plant something, Lord, they're they would plant, Lord, their anchor, Lord, right there. And that what they receive, Father, Lord, and they come here, Lord, and Lord, be uh drawn closer to you, Father, Lord, and just on fire for you, Lord Jesus. Lord, we love you, Lord. We Ask Lord that you bless the service tonight. Bless Lord our brother Lord that's going to bring your word Father Lord. I I pray Father Lord that you anoint him, anoint us, Lord our ears, Lord that we would hear and Lord that it would it would change us Father Lord. We desire to be more like you. Father Lord forgive us of our shortcomings. Lord give us of our wrongs Lord and ask let your blood Lord just cover it. Place it into that seal of forgetfulness. We give you all praise and honor Lord. You get all the glory in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. One more time. How many are happy to be in the house of the Lord. Just turn around to your neighbor. Shake their hand. [Music] [Music] [Music] Let's put our hands together. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes to your will and to your way. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes. I will trust you and obey. When your spirit speaks to me with my whole heart, I agree. And my answer will be yes. Oh, I'll say yes. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes. To your will and to your way. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes, I will trust you with no oy when your spirit speaks to me, Lord. With my whole heart, I agree. Answer will be yes. Oh, I'll say [Applause] [Music] yes, Lord. Yes. To your will and to your way. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes. Oh, I will trust you and oy when your spirit speaks to me with my whole heart. I agree and my answer. Oh, I'll say yes, Lord. Yes to your will and to your way. I'll say yes Lord. Yes, I will trust you and oy when your spirit speaks to me. Oh, with my whole heart I agree and my answer will be yes. One more time say I'll say yes. Yes. Yes. [Music] Yeah. Oh, I'll say yes, Lord. Yes, I will trust you and oy when your spirit speaks to me, Lord, with my whole heart. I agree. And my answer for the last I'm sing. Oh, I'll say yes, Lord. Yes. To your will and to your way. I'll say yes, Lord. Yes. I will trust you and oy. When your spirit Jesus when your spirit Lord when your spirit Jesus when your spirit Lord when your spirit speaks to me with my whole heart I agree and my answer will be yes Lord. Lord [Music] is hallelujah. Glory. Let us sing this song. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Praise him when the sun goes down. Amen. The Bible says, "Let everything that has breath praise the Lord." So it doesn't matter what you are going through, you got to praise him. Whether you are happy, you praise him. Whether you are sad, you praise him. Amen. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the Oh, praise him. Yes. Praise him. Oh, praise him. When the sun goes down, somebody praise him. Praise him. Why don't you praise him? Oh yeah. Praise him in the morning. Praise the man. Somebody, why don't you praise him? Praise him. Somebody love him. [Music] Why don't you love him? Yes. Love him in the morning. I know I [Music] love him. Love him when the sun go. I know I love him. I know I love him. Yes. Love him in the morning. Love him. Yes, I love him. Oh, do you love him? Love him. When Come, let's praise him. Come, let's praise him. Pray. Oh, why don't you praise him? Yes. Praise him in the morning. Praise him. Somebody, why don't you praise him? Oh, praise him. When the sun goes, I'll praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Why don't you pray? Oh yeah. Praise him in the morning. Yes. Why don't you each and every day praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. Hallelujah. Amen. We have two specials tonight. If you can take our seats. Amen. We have uh brother Frank. He will come first and then after he's done we have sister Divine. Amen. When the music faded away and I simping just to Bring something that's of worth that will bless your heart. I'll bring you more than a song for a song in itself is not what you have required. Oh, you search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship where it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made when it's all about you. It's all about you, G. Oh, I'm coming back to the heart of worship where it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm so Lord, for the things I've made when it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm caught up in your presence. I just want to sit here at your feet. I'm caught up in this holy [Music] moment. I never want to [Music] leave. Oh, I'm not here for the blessings. But Jesus, you don't owe me any more than anything that you can [Music] do. I just want you. [Music] I'm sorry when I've just gone through the motions. I'm sorry when I just sang another song, but take me back to where we started. I open up my heart to [Music] you. Oh, I'm [Music] sorry, Lord, when I've come with my agenda. I'm sorry, Lord, when I forgot that you're enough. Take me back to where we started. I open up my heart to you. Oh, I just want you. Oh, nothing [Music] else. Oh, nothing else. Oh, nothing else will do. Oh, I just want you, Lord. Nothing else. Nothing else. Nothing else. Oh, nothing else. Come on, sing with me. Oh, I just want you, Lord. Nothing else. Oh, nothing else. else. Nothing else or nothing else. Nothing else will do. Oh, I just want you. Nothing else. Oh, nothing else. Nothing else, oh Lord. Nothing else will do. One more time. I just want you. Oh, nothing else. All nothing else. Oh, nothing else will do. I'm caught up in your presence. I just want to sit here at your feet. Lord, I'm caugh up in this holy moment. I never want to leave. [Music] I'm not here for blessings cuz Jesus you don't owe me anything more than anything that you can do. I just want you. [Music] [Music] I'd [Music] ra be then reaches untold. I'd rather have Jesus more [Music] than I'd [Music] ra than to be The king of vast doain or beheld in [Music] [Applause] [Music] scen Jesus [Music] Oh, this old [Music] world could afford Jesus. to be a king. You see, I'd [Music] [Music] rather be true to his own name. Oh, and to be the king of the vast m or be held in [Music] s I'd rather [Music] Jesus this old world can [Music] [Music] afford Jesus. then applause. Oh, I'd rather be true to his dear. Oh, I'd rather have Jesus than worldwide fame. Oh, I'd rather be true to his holy name. Oh, then to be the king of the vast no man or be held in s way. I'd rather have Jesus more than this old world [Music] could you take this world by giving me Jesus. You can take this whole world by giving me Jesus. You can take this by me. No turn back. No turn. Oh, I have decided I have decided. Oh yes to follow. Oh yes, I have [Music] decided to follow Jesus. I have [Music] decided to follow [Music] Jesus. Oh no turn back. No no no turnid. Let's stand up on our feet. [Music] Jesus to Jesus. I have to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning I have [Music] decided. Oh [Music] yes. Oh I have [Music] decided to follow Jesus. I have [Music] decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning [Music] back. No turn back. No turn back. No [Music] turn. No turn. Hallelujah. Even as a preacher is getting ready to come through. Let us sing this song. My hallelujah belongs to you. Amen. My hallelujah belongs to you. Oh my hallelujah belongs to you. My hallelujah belongs to you. Yes. My hallelujah belongs to you. Sing all the glory belongs to you. Oh, all of the glory belongs to you, Jesus. All of the glory belongs Yes. All of the glory belongs to you. Yes, Jesus. All of the glory belongs to you. Oh, you deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it, Jesus. You deserve it. You deserve for healing me. You [Music] deserve for saving my soul. You deserve it. It's you alone. You deserve it. So we sing hallelujah, [Music] hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah. You say all the glory, all the honor, all the praise. We sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. You hallelujah. Hallelujah. You take all the glory, all the honor, all the praise. You deserve it. You [Music] alone. You saved my soul. You've made a way. Oh Lord, you deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. One more time you sing. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You take all the glory, all the honor and all the praise. We sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. You take all the glory, all the honor, all the praise. [Applause] You deserve [Music] it. You deserve it. You deserve it. You deserve it. [Music] My hallelujah belongs to you Jesus. My hallelujah belongs to you. Amen. Amen. We praise the Lord for his grace. Amen. To everybody have every We thank God for all that you all of you have come out. England singed by the blood. It's going on time and it's full of the Holy Ghost. It's going on time and the brightest rapturing fone. When I get to heaven, going to sing and shout. There'll be nobody to pull me out. When I get to heaven, going to tell the news how he brought me through. How he brought me through. And I'm so glad that it only siberty. Don't worry about the normally they don't. We want you to come introduce your wife and Praise the Lord. I always try to imagine what's going on in your mind. That's right. And I'm glad to be here because I saw a couple of short people as well. So, I'm in good company. So glad to be here. We were raised on our pastor's music and right now I feel very intimidated to be the school pit. He's a man we rever in this message and I bring greetings from my home church in England where by the grace of God we shall do what it takes to have him come over and bless us as well. Amen. I'd like to also greet my wife lovely wife. She goes by the name Sister Florence. Sister Florence. Praise the Lord. I like to call her sister, but I go by how the toddlers in our church call her. They always say sister got used to. She stole my heart many years ago and never gave it back. And I don't want it back either. Praise the Lord. First and foremost, I would like to say to our pastor, a man of his nature, it takes great humility to give me the platform of this church. I do not take this for granted. God will bless you, sir. Praise the Lord. Let's get into the scriptures. Amen. I will read up to verse three. It says Jude the servant of Jesus Christ and the brother of James. To them that are sanctified by God the Father Jesus Christ. Mercy unto you and peace and love of light. I would like to also extend the same salutation to you as well. And he goes on to say, "Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was for me to write unto you and exalt you that you should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints. the Lord and blessings to the reading of his word. Shall we pray? Our heavenly father, we thank you for this opportunity to be in the house of the Lord. We do not take this for granted. Lord, for we realize there's so many hospitals and places that people would rather not be, but somehow they are there. But yet David when you were given the opportunity to come into your presence he said I was glad when they said unto me let us go to the house of the [Music] Lord. Father it gladdens our heart to be here tonight. We pray for a special anointing upon your word and in our hearts. Let us all together be in one place. so that you can have the preeminence. We love you. We appreciate you. Father, I speak a special blessing upon our elder brother books who has stood the test of time and still loves the Lord as received this message just an hour ago, hasn't lost his enthusiasm and his zeal. May you continue to bless our elder bless the congregation as well. For indeed, Lord, our hallelujah only belongs to you. Hallelujah. Give you all the praise, the glory, the honor. In the name of Jesus Christ, I pray. Amen. And amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Okay. Praise the Lord. I mean, he's happy to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. I would like to introduce myself from the perspective of Jude in his pistol. He says, "The things that I've come to tell you are commonly believed among us." In other words, I'm not coming with anything new, but it's stuff that I've given due diligence and I want to write unto you of the common salvation. I came out with one conclusion. I would like to exhort you to earnestly contend for the faith that was once delivered because it is that rapturing faith that gets us to why we are in the message. The moment we miss that so many waters have come across this earth, so many doctrines. But the principal thing that brought us into the message is the prospect of the rapture. So it's things that we commonly believe. So allow me for a title to preach about precision shooting. through perfect understanding. Why precision shooting through perfect understanding? Because Jude says, "I have diligently sought to seek these things and I can honestly tell you, let's contend for the faith that was once delivered." Amen. Amen. Allow me to read Actsapter one verse number one. It says, "The former treaties have I made or Theophilus of all that Jesus began both to do and to teach." Amen. Amen. Then let's go again to the next scripture which is Luke chapter one. vers 1-4. For as many have taken in hand to set forth in order a declaration of those things which are most surely delivered among [Music] us. Even as they delivered the man to us which from the beginning were eyewitnesses and ministers of the word. It seemed good to me also, having had perfect understanding of all things, from the very first to write unto you, to write unto thee in order, most excellent Theophilus, that um that thou mightest know the certainty of these things which thou hast been instructed. as I've already given my title. You will notice that I've used Acts and Luke. And in those two scriptures, they are speaking of the things that have already been established. And it's a epistol like the epistol of Jude. And Jude writes in his own way to say, I have now considered all things, and I want to write unto you of the common salvation to earnestly contend for the faith that was once delivered. And now we have Luke. Luke was a gentile. And according to we who've been in this message for a longer time and our pastor for the longest time, we can establish that there are the four beasts that guard the throne of God which are the four gospels. Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, Luke. Now Luke represents the gentile bride. Luke because Luke was writing from the perspective of the person that led him to Christ who was Paul. So Luke did not just write the book of Luke, he also wrote the book of Acts. And as he wrote the book of Acts, he starts with one common character. And that common character start with it's a gentleman called Theophilus. And Theophilus is addressed in Acts chapter one and Luke chapter one. Now what is very outstanding about the address of this gentleman is that he is referred to and said most excellent Theophilas. That caught my attention that how can a man be called most excellent Theophilus before the stage of a perfect man was ever preached. And for a gospel to start with addressing him twice and in those times referring to him as an important figure. An inquisitive mind wants to go to the history to find out who Theophilus was and why did he enter into our Bibles as a most excellent. So upon my little research, as I was trying to get to know him, I did not find any conclusive evidence of who this man was. I said, "Okay, let me go to how the original was written for Theophilus. Maybe there is a hidden mystery in his name." And then I found out that there is only a supposition and theophilus by name means a friend of God. And the only definition that could come up was it says was a person Luke addressed in the gospel and the book of Acts 2. [Music] One would have made a clever imagination if they thought that this man warranted more information being that is addressed in two or very important books of the Bible. What do you mean, brother Crosby? Perhaps maybe they should have taken uh a little biography of L of of Theophilus and say Theophilus was met by uh uh Paul or Luke as he was coming out of prison or something to make us know that he was a character that existed existed for him to be warranted the title most excellent. But all we are left with is that he was a man of high rank. He was probably he was a general of high rank and consideration and who came under the influence of Luke or Paul adome and converted to the Christian faith. The word that throws me off of his personality is the word probably. It means there is no certainty to who he really was. So I chose to make myself Theophilus. You can choose to make yourself Theophilus. Because by definition is called a friend of God. And if you are a friend of God, you can qualify yourself to say I too am Theophilas. I understand America has ways of giving names to people who are nameless. For example, if you find a corpse that's lying in the street, you call them Jane Doe or John Doe. And I'm here to tell you, brothers and sisters, that I read myself in Theophilus because Theophilas is written in the book of Acts. And I'm told by my prophet that another book of Acts has got to be written. And the book is addressing someone. And I believe I'm being addressed by this book. It's saying all theophilas. In other words, brothers and sisters, before God can ever write anything to anyone, he must specify to who he's writing to. And I believe the book of Acts is for the friends of God. If you're a friend of God, you ought to say amen. Tonight, the book of Acts, brothers and sisters, speaks about a character not known, but only addressed as a friend of God. And the last I checked in my Bible, there was a man called Abraham. He too was called a friend of God. And if you're Abraham seed, you too can be called a friend of God. Believe us thou this. Believe us thou this. Now we can also speak and say no wonder he said most excellent because we are the only generation that knows perfection through the stage of a perfect man. He had to take William brother to come and lay the caption and tell us who we are. Brother, I don't know what to read in that Bible, but I can read myself in the address of Theopilas. Somebody say amen to that. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Give God some praise in here. Or it feels like a convention already. It feels like a Sunday service. You know, look like there is an anointing in this place. I don't know whether it's the seat I sat in there, but I can tell you brothers and sisters, I feel so at home because my church chairs are exactly this color. Your pastor's uh bed sign is the same bedside with me. So when I got into his office, I started to see a few peculiar things. Something in me felt like I've been here before. So I began to ask him, "Pastor, what is your date of birth?" And he said the 31st of January. I said, "Aha, I see you. You are an Aquarian." Because I'm an Aquarian. So I feel right in place right here. Somebody say amen to that. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Do you see brothers and sisters that now we are in the age of perfection? We are in the age of excellence. That's why I said my title is precision shooting through perfect understanding because only theophilus addressed and told now we have perfect understanding of the things that Jesus began both to do and we are perfect witnesses to that. to understand brothers and sisters only we who are post brother can be perfect witnesses to the power that was shown in the ministry of William Brana. We can also say based on faith is a substance from 1947 praise the Lord to the rapture to to to the communion in 1965. You have perfect understanding how these things will be around the message with the correct spirit. You have perfect understanding the mind of God. Somebody say amen to that. So my title is precision shooting through perfect understanding. Brother's message does not need editing and editing as perfect as it is. Somebody say amen to that. If you want to correct the prophet, you must have a higher experience than him. If all your dreams were false, you correct a prophet who had a Bible study with the angel of the Lord by his side. Praise the Lord. Most of the time you have a Bible study, you miss fire. How much more brothers and sisters we ought to give the proper kudos to our prophets. Somebody say amen to that. Amen. Amen. Amen. So it's called precision shooting through perfect understanding. Praise the Lord. Allow me brothers and sisters to give just evidence that if Abraham according to James 2:21-24 is referred to as a friend of God, every seed of Abraham can also be referred to as a friend of God. Says, "Was Lord Abraham our father justified by works when he had offered Isaac his son upon the altar? Seeest thou how faith wrought with his works, and by works was faith made. Somebody say amen to that. Faith was made what? Comes a time in the life of a believer that has got to be made perfect. You might have started not so sure about how things are done by the teaching and teaching under the ministry of William Br. You begin to talk about perfect faith. If only William Brana could preach about perfect faith because perfect faith It exists. You can have perfect faith. Somebody say amen to that. Faith without wanting. Faith without but but but without because we can have perfect faith under the message of our scripture was fulfilled which saith Abraham believed God and it was imputed unto him for righteousness and he was also called theophilas. Do I have any friends of God here? Abraham seed on your faith. You told God. Somebody say amen to that. Believe thou this. Believest thou this. Believest thou this. Allow me to read a quote. Praise the Lord. Brother in the message. believers. Now, this it says, "But if the vine put forth the first branch, an arrow, that branch wrote a book of Acts, and the book of Acts addressed who is right. The second branch will will make another book of X. The third branch, the second branch was in the realm of William Brana. There could be a third branch branch like another book of acts. The branch that comes out of that vine is the same as the first branch. If we will have the same, we will have the same conditions. We meet the same conditions. Somebody say amen to Christ. Hallelujah. Do you see it, brothers and sisters? If we have to go by the character of producing another book of acts, it means that there's got to be set to have theophilas friends of God. And when you have friends of God, then you have the friends of God being addressed to produce another. So can I address you tonight? Oh friends of God, somebody say amen to that. Amen. Because you cannot expect to have another book of acts without the same conditions of the first book of acts in the first book of acts of the most excellent theophilus. In other words, the word of God in this end time is capable of producing excellence for the believers of God. Somebody say amen to that. Now you can graft. We know that. I've seen a citrus tree with about different kinds of I've seen an orange tree putting forth grapefruits and lemons and everything else on it. They were grafted in. That's what the matter it is today. But the Holy Ghost does not behave in another and misbehave in another. The Holy Ghost is a consistent spirit because it's the spirit of the almighty God dwelling in a human being. So if the Holy Ghost produced excellent theophilas to produce an excellent theophilas in this generation as well. We've draft drafted in our ideas, drafted in our denominations. If that tree ever puts forth another fruit, vine itself, not a man-made one itself. It will be like the original one. And my prophet says, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Somebody say amen to that. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All church will blend together. We need the power of the original original. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Is the sermon tonight. We need the power of the original. The original power produce the most excellent Theophilus. God will produce excellent Theopilas. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So we don't have the message according to our cultures. The message according to what the original power is. Somebody say amen to that. This message ain't Zimbabwean. Message ain't American. This message ain't Congol. This message ain't French. This message is supernatural. Somebody say amen. And because it's supernatural, we test it by its production. Supernatural. Somebody say amen. Somebody say glory. Somebody say hallelujah. Hallelujah. Somebody say glory. The original life will produce the original power. The original power will produce the original life. Amen. Amen. And the prophet in the message one time I sent a little model 70 model 75 back to the Winchester company. One day I couldn't make it hit over about three or 3/4 of an inch or 50 yards. And Winchester company sent it back to me and said, "Reverend Brham, the gun is only made to group a five short group an inch and 25 yards." Now, that was the company that made it. I know different. Did you just say I just drove on the line precision nine straight carpet tucks at 50 yards. The spec of the Winchester company said as far as we're concerned this gun goes only for 25 yards. The offers thought otherwise. The offer said, "I know I can do it better. original. God allow our prophet to have this enthusiasm about these guns have more than the specification to produce excellent theophilas shoot precision nine straight bullets in one hole. Do you know what that means? It means brothers and sisters. He put a tag there. and nine times. Do you realize that just just mis misplacing a breath can get you off target? But he shot nine times in one hole until those that were with him were saying, "I believe you are missing." Because there was no evidence around the tag. Then they put a paper behind it. Then they saw a hole through the paper. Then they realize it ain't missing. This message my brother cannot miss. Somebody say amen. Amen. Amen. God had to come in brother's recreation just to show just to preach scriptures through his life. Amen. So I drove on the line precision nine straight carpet tax at 50 yards. 50 yards is twice the manufacturer specification says. So I know it was zeroed in so I just kept fooling with it with it. got it driving back again. Now the same thing is by the word of God. Those apostles did those things that Christ promised zeroed with the word. If it did it one time, he will do it again. because it's God and God is his word and his word can't fail. Oh brother, if you've ever had a testimony of the power of God, if God ever did the supernatural, he can do it again and he will do it again. Why? Because he is supernatural. Somebody say amen to that. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. It can't fail. You know when you read your Bible and you hear Luke writing and saying excellent Theophilus. Do you know what it means to be called excellent above me to excel to the to the highest rank. There is no need in your life. There is no failure in your life. The most excellent message believer. Somebody say amen right there. Praise the Lord. Says in some static a gun be a little too loose this way in the forearm a little loose or too tight and that that binds it. You can put the weight of the hammer on a rifle and it it's shooting perfect and the weight of your finger will throw it off. Everything perfect. Now, why would God allow the prophet to play this drama with the gun? It was a type of the power of the spoken word because it itself we have a gun. The spoken word is what helps us zero in so that there's no way God will give us a zero which really makes us have crooked shorts. You can never go wrong with the message of God. That's the way you have to do with Christianity to make the word make it manifest and act right. I thought he's telling us about his activity with the Winchester rifle. He brings it back to the word and then now he brings it back to us and then he says yourself with the word of God it's got to be perfect then it will zero got to be so therefore in preaching you got to feel the spirit right where it will all it will drive the target. I don't know who I've come to preach to but I feel like I where I can go. Whatever is your problem you if God ever worked in your life before he can do it again. If you ever saw the supernatural hand of God, there's no reason for you to doubt. You can see it again. Somebody say amen. Someone say glory. That's why my title is precision shooting through perfect understanding. We now know that you cannot be a sister in flex. Our understanding that don't work. Praise the Lord. You cannot be a sister in charge of your husband. Our perfect understanding tells us that don't work. Somebody say amen to that. You cannot be a son who rules the father. Our perfect understanding shows that it cannot be. We must zero in with the words. I shoot precision shooting and I had many trophies. And the other day, the Lord knowing my heart, knowing I need a little rest, let me shoot a remarkable thing with a common model 70 Winchester. 222 rifle on the range. I shot nine bullets in the same wall. Two of the group of men standing there with the P behind said I believe you are missing the target. What was it? Messed with the gun with everything till every little vibration to be right. This is the target something wrong somewhere. That's why believers don't want to tinker their lives. If the pastor says, "Let's tinker our lives." You say, "I don't like him. I'll go find another pastor." You will never hit the target like that. You've got to tinker your life to make it hit the target all the time. Hallelujah. The Winchester company said that gun will only shoot an inch group at 25 yards. And I had nine bullets in the same hole at 50 yards. No matter what they say, it had worked before it work again. I don't care. goes out of the message who says it don't work. I think it in my personal life it works. That's the way it is today. They say you can't have Pentecost then as long as we have the Pentecost. Somebody say amen. Praise the Lord. Says people don't believe that stuff. You can do it. We got to have church. We got to have the organization. We got to have the education injected into it and so forth. If it work back there to the illiterate fisherman, he could take God and respect. If it hit the target then, if it healed the sick, if it healed, if it raised the dead, it will do the same today. Somebody say, "Amen." Cancer or not cancer, my prophet told me that's a tooth ache. Somebody say, "Amen." Believers know this. If it worked to the illiterate, it can work. Says the right vibration. Put on the gun. If it don't, go back and check up your gun. Go back. Pick up the prescription. find out where it's wrong. The only way I know it to do it because it hit it before it hit again. It worked for the apostles without denomination, without Methodists, without Baptist, without Presbyterians or what more. worked for them on the word of God. It worked for me on the word of God. It worked for you on the word of God. You But you've got to find out where your loose screws is. Sister, if your loose screws is gossip, tighten up. Brother, if your loose screws is lost, tighten up. Find out where the loose screws are. It will hit the target all the time. But you've got to find out where your loose screws is. Sometimes you got to excuse me. Got plenty of them. Some of them even get so tight. You got to loosen it up, brother. You can be so tight screwed that you are so mean. You don't realize you are a mean character. You just think you are strict. No, you are not. You are mean. There's a difference between and being mean. And if meanness is your strength, loosen up a bit. Somebody say amen to that. You've got to loosen it up a little. right to the to make the vibration like a musician with a guitar training his strings. He has to know the t of it. Brother, sister, we ought to know the t of a Christian life. You must know that the thing sounds right. I'm not a musician. I don't even know what you guys do when you say or key F. I have no clue. But you are listening for something and you're saying that's just about the right tune. And I'm here to tell you, brother, as a preacher, I'm listening for this church. About the right tune. I can preach here any time. I feel at home. My brother, I've got gray walls in my church. They've got gray walls in their church. I've got purple chairs in my church. CH. Oh, I feel religious. Somebody say amen right now. The king of it. If you can hear a 69 year old speaking about Jesus like they received him yesterday correct. Somebody say amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. How many say we ought even when your people are praying, you ought to hear the king of it. Praise the Lord. Listen to this. A spiritfilled man tells the king of it. Whether it's the way beyond the Bible or way behind the Bible. It ought to be in the Bible. It ought not to be beyond the Bible. And it ought not to be behind the Bible. It ought to be in the Bible. That's why the prophet taught us and he preached to us an uncertain sound. You are hearing the ting of it. You go to places, you hear a funny doctrine, it sounds funny. It is funny. Hallelujah. Because in us is a Holy Ghost gadget that senses the ting of it. Praise the Lord. So it ought not to be beyond the Bible and it ought not to be behind the Bible. It has to be right in the Bible exactly with thus sayeth the Lord must be trained in right then it will zero then it will hit the spot. Peter was a fisherman. He had been shooting off target for a long time. his father told him before he died, "Perhaps, son, I'm an old man. I look for the Messiah. We have we've had since Eden. He won't probably be in my day, but he may be in yours, brother. The rapture might not be in my day, but it sure is a reality. It is coming." Somebody say amen to that. Now I went to Jeffersonville for the first time. When Belam shot that whole nine times paper was signed there by the Winchester rifle to say this is an anomaly. How a man can shoot nine times in the same bullets. It's now part of history. We can now go around and say, "Hey, you think our prophet's visions were wrong? Explain that to me. What drama was God playing when God allowed him to shoot nine times in a row? You can get the best sniper in America. It was meant to be a symbol to Theophilas, excellent Theophilus. As long as you do the message right itself, it can hit the target. Not once, not twice, not three times, not four times, not five times, not six times, not seven times, not eight times, our prophet standard times, somebody say amen to that. This message of the hour is a reality. It cannot denominate its people. It has its people. It people are theophilas. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Watch program in prayer. He says, "God, take us away from this sense bound existence. carry us into those realms where all things healing is possible. Hallelujah. Redemption is possible. Whatever you require is possible. Your heart's desire is possible. Into all things, that realm where all things are possible. today and repeat us another Pentecost. We can't have another Pentecost without another theophilus. Are you here? Are you here? If you are here, we can have another Pentecost. [Applause] [Music] And now upon the pressure of and the sincerity that we are praying with now Lord I ask you to answer this prayer by sending the Holy Spirit directing his servants's minds and my thoughts and my speech fixing the hearts are there to receive it. God, we don't know what thou about to say, but thou knowest what this audience needs. I don't know what to come to church burdened with, but God knew you were coming and he knew I was coming and he knew what to preach and he knew what to place you. So I challenge and take control of every foul spirit that's bothering you in your life in the name of Jesus. Somebody say amen. I challenge every sickness in this church, be cancer, whatever it is in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. If God ever had us, he can hear us again. Ever used us, he can use us again. Somebody say, "Amen." Amen. The message of the hour works all the time. How many want to work it? How many say Lord I'm available as most excellent Theophilas? Lord I'm available as your son and daughter. Lord I'm available as your beloved. The prophet shot nine nine bullets in one hole. Oh, you can do so many miracles in my life, even those that you've done before. As long as we tinker with the word and we tinker with it until we have the right Christian thing to our spiritual lives, he can do it again. He will do it over and over, over and over, over and over. And I would like to declare tonight as you go home, you shall see things you've never seen before because the supernatural goes to your neighborhoods to do what needs to be done. The Holy Ghost is here not to entertain us but to provide for us and to fix our situation better candidates for the future. Somebody say amen. [Applause] The message is perfect. The prophet was perfect. And if you are perfect like the Bible says, Abraham, a friend of God, be perfect as your father in heaven is perfect. will watch this message replicate itself over and over again, over and over again. That is why brothers and sisters, when William Brham shot the squirrels in Indiana while he was shooting to repeat it again the following year. It's the tendency of the message to repeat itself. God never healed you before he again. So I've come here tonight to prove to you the perfection of the message by my little sermon. Brother Abraham in the message state of a perfect man says last evening some friends came in they had heard that a vision told about the caribau that had 42inch horn in the silver chip grizzly bay I don't know how many people that's come to to my house that wants to see that I said here is a tape measure get on the he had it told before it happened. Why? When God says anything, it's got to happen. That's the reason it's based. Brother has told, we all know the vision of of brother seeing a boy with a checkered shirt. And that boy with a checkered shirt is now an old one. How God was going to allow the prophet to shoot a car have its horns measured to 42 in. And for some reason, a sister had to pack in a checkered shirt to make the vision come to pass. And the hands that were giving the checkered shirt were at Biscll's hands and the bow had to be 42 in. What drama do you think God is playing? God is trying to tell you that if I can allow my prophet to shoot nine holes in one hole, I can also allow him to shoot a specific caribou and I say to you it's going to be 42 in and it will be 42 in brother once the animal is killed shrink even the shrinkage was commotated in the measurement and you tell me the message is wrong, use a liar, my friend. The message is correct. It can never be wrong. Somebody say amen to God. Amen. All that was God showing [Music] we after diligently looking at these things, we should earnestly content for the faith that was once delivered. After seeing these things, we should not have any spake of doubt. After hearing these things, we should believe. But the word believe has never been invented. Somebody say amen. All those things were not for the people around the prophet who are guarded by the beast that Luke represents Luke because Luke Luke is one of the guards of the throne of God. The crown of God is where the word resides. That's why it's guarded. It's guarded by Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. Somebody say amen to that. Matthew that's baptism in Jesus name. That's why my prophet says for you to see the correct baptism in Jesus name the prophet says Matthew you must be of guard. In other words he has guarded it by saying you shall baptize people in the name of the father the son and of the holy ghost. So he's guarded it. by saying father, son, holy ghost. But yet the mystery is if you have to see it, Matthew has to be off guard. Let you see it and then he guards it. Then be off guard. Let you see it. Now Luke was guarding our portion as the gentile bride to see a supernatural message that can never go wrong. May God bless you tonight. I believe we shall see you in the rapture. If the Lord delays, we shall be serving this way. Why? Because this message doesn't need amplification. This message doesn't need correction. Let me say in French is never wrong. Amen. As I invite our pastor, I invite you to stand. And I say, brothers and sisters, you are privileged and blessed to have a pastor like our pastor. May God bless you tonight. How many know now that we are entitled to precision shooting, perfect understanding, understanding makes you ting to see whether you are in tune. If the is right, the anointing is right, the blessing is right. I double tear you tonight because you came to church not knowing that I'll be here thinking that it's just a church service. I come with a blessing. I've been received in this place. And my Bible tells me if you go to a place and you are welcome and received, let that place be blessed. May God bless you church tonight in the name of Jesus. Praise the Lord pastor. I end the service to you. Amen. [Applause] God bless you, sir. Amen. Hallelujah. I I I I appreciate his humility. What a powerful message. Amen. I loved every bit of it. Yes. Yes. Yes. Amen. I'm not going to even try to preach behind that. You know how some people do that? Uhuh. Not not me. That's one everything that needs to be said. So, we just thank the Lord for our pastor Cosby. What a blessing. Amen. Thank you, Lord. You know what I'm saying? Amen. and he he was uh he came up one way [Laughter] and he's gone down another one. But that's the way it works. I love that teing thing. They got to have that team, you know. And I thank God for the grace of God. I want to have brother uh Samuel come. I'm so full. Well, I don't know what to say, but I don't want to say nothing more. So, it's been wonderful. I I told Brother Cosby when he come back. He didn't answer me, but I said, you know, if the Lord puts back put it put it on his heart to come this way, maybe we have to do something to come bring him this way, but um I told him, I at least want to get a Saturday Saturday and a Sunday. Maybe because of the chairs being purple and the wall being [Music] Yeah, might might give me a little something something. But I thank the Lord for him. And uh I just feel sorry for the people that couldn't make it. What a what a wonderful message. Don't forget it. Nine bullets in one hole. And then he shot it. You know, the the gun say could only go 25. 25 is not God's number. He want 50. 50 is Jubilee, right? Amen. So when you see those things, you see by God's grace, I can see brother Sam. God is so good to us. Come on. Come on. I don't know what else to do or sing or I'll let brother sing. If if however it goes by the grace of God, God is so good to us. Amen. Let's sing this song. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan rages, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Oh, we've got the power. Let's put our hands together. [Music] Oh yes, we got the power in the name of the [Laughter] Lord ra. We cannot be defeated. We got the power in the name of the Lord. Give me your hand. Let's agree together that all of our eneies will crumble at our feet. For whatever we bind on earth shall be bound in heaven at the name of Jesus. Satan has to flee. Oh yes, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We got the power. In the name of the Lord, though Satan rages, we cannot be defeated. [Music] The power of Let's try this verse. Yes. Now, Satan's tried to stop us. But the bride of Jesus, Lord, she's still alive like a mighty army. We'll keep marching onward, winning every battle, cuz the Lord's on our side. Oh yes, we've got the power in the name. Oh yes, the power in the name of the Lord. No, Satan raes. No, no, no. Yes, we got the power. Oh, we've got the power. [Music] Oh yes. Oh, we got the [Music] power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan rages, we cannot be defeated. We got the power. One more time sing. We got the power. the power. Oh yes. Oh, we got the power. [Music] In the name of the Lord though Satan raes. No, no, no. [Music] Yes, we got the power in the name of the Lord. We've got the power. In the name of the Lord, we've got the power in the name of the Lord. Glory. Amen. Was brother Isaac a duty to close in a word of prayer. Amen. Amen. Let's bow our head. Father God, Lord, what a wonderful message, Father, Lord Jesus, that you give us tonight, Father, Lord, Lord, to remind us, Father God, that what you did in the past, oh God, that you are able, Father, to do it tonight, Father, Lord, Lord, because you are a God of a precision, Father God, you are the God who never lies, oh Lord. Lord, if we applied the same faith, oh father, you are the same God, Lord, to show the same signs, oh Father God. Lord, if you heal the people in the past, oh Father God, you are the same God today, Father. Lord, that's why we come to you, Father, tonight, Father. Lord, as needed people, Father, Lord, if you ask every one of us, Lord, all of us, we do have needs, oh God. And only you, Father God, can see our hearts, oh Father. Lord, only you, Father Lord, can see our needs, oh Lord Jesus. That's why, Father God, we call unto you, Father, tonight, oh God, ask you, Father, Lord, to reach out to every heart, oh Father, every single heart, oh Father, Lord, and see our needs, oh Lord, and provide to it, Father, Lord Jesus. Lord, those of us, oh Father God, who need the Holy Spirit, oh Father, Lord, we pray, oh Father God, that you feel, Father, Lord, those souls, Father God, with the spirit of God, Lord Jesus, those, Lord, needs healing, Father God. Father, I pray oh God that in the name of the Lord Jesus, Father, you touch those bodies, oh Father, Lord, wherever they are, Father God, Lord, our loved ones, Father, Lord, our children, Lord, Lord, our house, Father God, every Lord, we believe, Father, Lord, Amen, Lord, that you gave your word for a purpose, Lord. The Bible says, Father God, that when you send the rain, Lord, it doesn't come back until it has fulfilled what it was sent for. Lord Jesus, you send us this message tonight, Father, for a purpose, Lord. It wasn't just to learn about guns. It wasn't, Lord, Father, to learn about the story, Father, that happened years ago, Father. Lord, is to remember, to remind us, Father God, that you are still alive, oh God. Lord Jesus, when the world of Father God is celebrating Easter, Father, Lord, Lord, talking about history, Father, Lord, we want to see the same living God, Lord, among us, Father, Lord. So, that's why we ask you to touch every heart. So Father, Lord, touch every hearts, Father. Lord, Lord, we thank you, Father, for the word, oh God. We pray, Father God, that you bless, oh Father, our Pastor Cosby, Father. Lord, that you bless his family, Father. Lord, Lord, we pray, Father God, that you continue to open your word to him, oh Father. Lord, you give him more revelation, Father, so that he can bless, oh Father, so many people, Lord. Lord, we pray for this church, oh Father. Bless us, oh Father. Bless us, Lord. Lord, we thank you, Father, for everything. God, don't let us, Father God, be like the people that the Bible says they look into a mirror and when they go away, they forget about it. Father, Lord, we want to, Lord, to keep this, Father. Lord, that every time we're in trouble, Father, every time we need you, Father, to remind ourselves, Lord, about this word, Lord, that you are still, you are going to do it, Father, for us, Lord, if you did it for Brother Brandham, Father, we believe, Father, that you would do it for us as well, Lord God. That's why we pray oh father God believing father that we have prayed oh father to a god who hears and answers our prayers lord we have prayed to a god oh father lord who has ears and hearers our prayers lord who has a mouth and answers oh father god who has a hand and touches father god wherever the needs are father we thank you father we worship you tonight oh god we give you all the thanks lord we give you all the praise lord we give you all the honors though we give you all the worship father because you are worthy, Father. Lord, thank you, Jesus. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a clap offering one more time. Amen. How many have been blessed? Amen. I can say I have been blessed. Amen. I feel victorious. Amen. And just an announcement on Sunday we have um joint service with uh Iowa City here the Easter Easter service. So please make sure you are you make it here. You can invite someone a relative or friend. Amen. We'll be having a good time in the Lord. Amen. Um pastor Pastor Crosby will be going back to the UK sometime next week. Amen. So if you want him to send our regards to his church, just raise your hand. Amen. You already invited the pastor. He said the pastor is invited in the UK. So if you want to go to already start saving, he probably forgot to mention he's he's my cousin. So that's why you see we see we see eye to eye like literally eye to eye. Amen. We have the same altitude, but Amen. We've been we've been blessed this evening. And um his precious wife, Sister Florence. Amen. Thank you for visiting. Amen. So, we'll be dismissed as we sing victory is [Music] mine. Victory today is mine. Oh, I told Satan, "Get thee behind because victory today is mine." Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. Oh, I told Satan, you get thee behind because victory today. I like the verse. Oh, when I rose this morning, I didn't have no doubt. I know that the Lord will bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." And I rose up singing a shout and the victory. Sing victory. Victory. Victory. Today is mine. [Music] Oh, I told Satan, you get thee behind because the victory today is mine. I know joy is mine. The joy of the Lord. I know joy today as mine. [Music] Oh, I told Satan, you get thee behind because joy today is [Music] mine. Yes, in the name of Jesus, that mighty name of Jesus, we have the victory. [Music] Oh, that mighty name of Jesus. Oh, demons will have to flee. [Music] Oh, who can stand before us when we come [Music] in the preious name of Jesus. We have the victory. So tell me, tell me when we come in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand [Applause] before. In the precious name of Jesus, we have Let's sing that part one more time. Tell me, tell me, tell me. Come in the name of Jesus. Tell me, stand before. In that preious name of Jesus, we have in the name. In the name, mighty name we are dismissed. Amen. [Music] Oh, in the name of Jesus, the mighty name of Jesus, demons will have to flee. Oh, when we come in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand. Oh yeah. [Music]
