################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - The Word Revival Made Flesh in You - Bro Matthew McGeary - Evening Light Fellowship Camp 2025 - Matthew McGeary.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-01
Title:   The Word Revival Made Flesh in You - Bro Matthew McGeary - Evening Light Fellowship Camp 2025
Speaker: Matthew McGeary
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_7_3vOWhQU
========================================

Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat [Music] up here. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] You will [Music] you Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. In all my life, and all my life you have been. Yes, Lord. And all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am I will sing of the goodness. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank the Lord for his mercy, his goodness, and his grace. You may be seated. God is so good. We appreciate every one of you that are here. And we certainly appreciate your worship. So, let's continue this worship on tonight and pull upon the gift of God. And we realize that if we'll pull, God will speak. Amen. Amen. We have a few announcements just before we get started here. Uh first announcement that I would like to make is that a reminder of an offering tomorrow that will be uh taken up for the ministry. So if you've been blessed by the ministry over the weekend here, uh we'll have a box up front and uh God loves a cheerful giver. Amen. Uh also we'll have baptisms right after service tomorrow. And uh if you have it on your heart, you'd like to be baptized, surrender your life to Christ, there's no better place to do it than at camp. And uh we've already had quite a few that are uh have said they want to do that and they want to make that consecration to God. So, praise the Lord. And um we're certainly thankful for that because that's what it's all about. Amen. Um, also has anybody in here lost anything like jackets, cell phones, different things? If you have, there's a lost and found in the cafeteria uh by the fireplace there and we're just as we find things, we're just setting it over there. So, if you have lost a jacket or a phone or misplaced something, um, go there and check it out cuz that's where it'll be. Amen. Have we got these notes yet, guys, or? No, nothing. Oh, praise the Lord. We'll not take up too much more time. We have church tomorrow. Tomorrow morning, be here before 9:00. Make sure you come to breakfast. I guess that would be some good advice. How about tonight? It would be it would be very good if you just pack up your clothes and everything tonight. That way, you're not in a rush to do it in the morning when you uh when we're trying to get ready and get packed up for for service. There we go. Yeah, look at that. Pack up before breakfast. We were on the same channel. No sports today, which means tomorrow. Okay. Uh we don't do sports here on Sundays. Breakfast 8:00, 8:40. Service at 9:00. Lunch at 12. Kemp closing awards 12:45. And we trust that Team 2 Green will win that. And uh departure time is around 2:30 p.m. So the baptisms will be in there also. and just pack up tonight, get ready, come tomorrow uh uh to breakfast, you know, already dressed in your clothes so that way you're not running back and forth and trying to uh you know, time is precious. Okay, so praise the Lord. We are excited tonight for the word and brother Greg is going to lead us in song. So, Brother Greg could come and uh lead us in worship. How about we all just stand to our feet? Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Are you happy tonight? How about we give the Lord one more clap? [Applause] Amen. If we could sing Heart of Worship. Amen. Oh, when the music fades and all is stripped away and I simply [Music] come, longing just to bring something that's a word that'll bless your heart. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to you. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. It's all about him. Oh yes, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I've made. When it's all about you. Yes, it's all about you, Jesus. King of English world. Oh, no one could express how much you deserve my mind. Oh, I'm weak and poor. Lord, all I have is yours. every single breath. Let's worship him. I'll bring you more than a song for song is not what you have required. You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. And I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. Yes, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I made it. When it's all about you. Yes, it's all about you. I'm coming back to the heart, brother. Oh yes, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I made it. When it's all about you. Yes, it's all about you, Jesus. Amen. Brother Li, thank you for for praying for us. He's got a testimony for us here. God bless you. I think so. Hello. Yeah, looks good. Hi everyone. Uh my name is Elias and um about a couple weeks ago I had a rolled ankle and it was pretty bad and just throughout the weeks it's gotten better and better and just about 2 hours ago I was playing basketball and I jumped and I landed on somebody's ankle again and felt like the same thing. It hurt really bad and Matias was just like let's just pray and he prayed and all the pain went away. I felt a I felt a hand as it as he was praying, I just felt a hand on my shoulder and I knew it was going to be okay. So, I'm just so thankful for the Lord and faith. Faith really happens. Really does. Let's just pray. Lord, Father, we're just so thankful, Father, that you chose us, Father. You predestinated us to hear this word, Father. Lord, as the ministers have been ministering, Father, we're just so thankful for all of them and you coming on the scene in each one of our lives. Father, I just ask you to as the minister preached tonight, Father, just open our ears to hear. Father, open our eyes to see, give us eyes, Father, Lord, give us faith like a mustard seed. Father, just ask you to be with the rest of the service. Father, we're just so thankful and grateful to you. We give you all the glory, the honor, and the praise in your name. Amen. Amen. You have your seats. Amen. Feeling mighty fine. I woke up this morning feeling fine. Amen. Oh, I woke up this morning feeling fine. I woke up with heaven on my mind. And I woke up with joy in my soul. For I knew my Lord had control. And I knew I was walking in life. before I've been on my knees in the [Applause] night. And now I'm feeling mighty fine. Oh yes, I'm feeling mighty fine. Oh, I've got heaven. Heaven on my mind. Don't you know? I want to know. Oh, to where the milk and honey flow. There's light that always shines down inside this heart of mine. Yes, I've got heaven head on my mind. And now I'm feeling mighty. Yes, we're walking with Jesus all the time. And we're walking, talking as we travel to the sky. Where I go, I'll live when I die. He's telling me about everything. Oh sh and now I'm feeling mighty. Oh yes, I'm feeling I got on my mind. Don't you know I'm going to go to where the milk can there's light that always shines down inside this heart. I've got heaven on my mind now. I'm feeling mighty fine. And God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time through the darkest night. His light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. When you're walking through the valley and there are shadows all around. Oh, do not fear. My God will guide you and he will keep you safe and sound for he has promise to you for and his word is God is good all the time of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good. Oh, all the time. We were sinners. We were sinners so unworthy. Yet for us, he chose to die. He's still his holy spirit. Now we can stand everlasting and shall never end. God is good for all the time heart. God is good all the time. Darkness is light. God is good. Oh, God is good. God is good. Oh, God is good. Oh, God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good all the time. Amen. He's a good God. Amen. If brother uh Seth Marshall and his group could make their way up for the song special, let's just sing that song. Welcome, Holy [Music] Spirit. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. [Music] Oh, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power and live inside of me. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Amen. Let's just make him welcome tonight in your praises. Oh, fill us with your power and live inside of me. You're the living water. Oh, you're the living water, the everflowing fountain. Comforter and counelor. Take complete control of the spirit. They're not kissing. Okay. Okay. For Sister Haley Bohannan and her group, if they'd come up and sing. Let's sing that one more time. Live inside. Come Holy Spirit. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. [Music] Fill us with your power. Live inside of me. Amen. So thankful for our song specials. If right after her, if we have could have our sister Briana McGary make her way up. Amen. Thank you for singing for us. [Music] As I kneel in the darkness in the middle of the night, praying for assurance everything's going to be all right. Lord, I see another battle out in front of me. I'm afraid I won't be able and I'll go down in defeat. And he said, "Do you remember where I brought you from? Just take a look behind you and see how far you've come. Oh, when every time you asked me, didn't I deliver you? So why would you be thinking that I wouldn't see through? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I hear you when you are. I want to ride beside you just so you didn't die for your search until I found you and I do it all again. Now she's talking to her father in a house that was once a home. She said, "My bills are coming to Lord. Six days is not that long." She hears a voice so soft and Lord says, "I move like that before. I'll do this little thing. Oh my god. Heat. Heat. Heat. Just die for search until I found you. I do it all [Music] again. Just die for your sins. Search until I found you. I do it all. [Music] Amen. Sister Briana, if you could sing for us at this time. [Music] [Music] Are you past the point of weary? Is your burden weighing heavy? Is it all too much to carry? Let me tell you about my Jesus. Do you feel that empty feeling? Cuz shame's done all it's dealing and you're desperate for some healing. Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. A rises up from an empty grave. ain't no sin that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sing all of you. Amen. Amen. You can wipe away the tears from broken dreams and wasted years till the past disappear. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. And all the wrong turns that you would went under if you could. Who can work it all for your good? Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Amen. Amen. You can take my cross to Calvary. Pay the price for all my guilty. You care that much about me. And let me tell you about my Jesus. Oh, he makes the way where there ain't no way. A rises up from empty gra. Ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. The good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Oh, you can walk away with tears, broken dreams, and wasted years. Till the past to disappear. And let me tell you about my Jesus. In all the wrong turns that you would undo. If you could, you can work it all for your good. Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there is from gra. Ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Amen. Amen. And let my Jesus change your life. Oh hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Amen. Amen. And let my Jesus change your [Music] life. Amen. Amen. We do have one more song special. It's going to be from the choir as they prepare to make their way up. If we could sing that song, Falling in Love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus is the best thing I've ever done. Amen. Oh, falling in love with [Music] Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. In his arms. Oh, in his arms. I feel protected. in his arms. Never disconnected. In his arms I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather be. Falling in love. One more time. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. [Music] [Music] Somebody here needs an answer to the questions, the fears and the lies. Somebody here is desperate for freedom from the past, the chains and the [Music] lies. Feel like you've wasted so much time. Want to move ahead when you're still last in feel like you're running will never end and you will never win. I don't know. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] It ain't over yet. Somebody here needs an answer to the questions, the fears, and the lies. Somebody here is desperate for free for the past change and you feel like you wasted so much time. Want to move ahead. You're still lasting. Feel like you're running. You'll never I can't do it. Heat. Heat. over say this get it over you get it Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. getting it over again. I don't know who's hold you not make it. I don't know who's holding you. I don't know who's told you that it's time to quit. My god is waiting over [Music] here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Yeah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Just so thankful for our song specials. Thank you to each and everyone for adding your liquifier to the services. I trust you've all been all been blessed so far, but it ain't over yet. We still have more services and we trust that whatever need we have that the Lord the Lord's here to meet that need. If we could sing that song, Jesus Messiah, name above all names. Oh, he became sin who knew no sin that we might become his righteousness. If we could all stand, hold himself and carry the cross, love so amazing. It was love so amazing. Jesus [Applause] Messiah. Oh my blessed redeemer. Emmanuel, the rescue for sinners. He's the ransom from heaven. Oh my Jesus, Messiah, the Lord of all. His body the bread. His body the bread. His blood the wine broken and poured out all for love. The whole earth trembled and the veil was torn. His love so amazing. Amen. His love so amazing. He Jesus Messiah. He's the name above all name. Our blessed [Applause] redeemer. He's the rescue for sinners. Oh, the ransom from heaven. Jesus Messiah. Oh, the Lord of all. All our hope. Oh, all our hope is. All our hope is. All the glory to God the light of the world. All our hope is all our hope is all the glory. God, the light of the world, Jesus [Applause] Messiah. Oh, the name above all names, our blessed redeemer. The rest the answer. Oh Jesus Messiah. Oh the Lord. One more time. Ac capella. Oh Jesus Messiah. Let's worship him. The name above all names. Blessed redeemer. Emmanuel the rescue for sin. [Music] The ransom from [Applause] heaven. Jesus, Messiah, the Lord of [Laughter] all. Amen. Amen. As we prepare to turn the service over to our brother Matt, if we could sing that song. Pour your spirit out on me. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall fresh on me. Fill my cup [Applause] again. Heal my heart and make me. Oh, I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Let's sing that verse. Lord, I seek you. Please help me find you. How I need your touch. Find my [Applause] dry broken places thirsty for your love. And Lord forgive me if I want far away from you. [Music] Pour your spirit out on me. Lord, would you fall just like the rain and saturate my thirsty and fall fresh on me? Fill my cup again. and make me home. I need you now. Pour your spirit. Let's just say that again. Pour your spirit on me. Pour your spit out on me. All just saturate my thirsty fresh. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Amen. As they continue to play that, man, that song was on my heart and I believe we've been digging ditches. We've been making ready. And I I so appreciated the message this morning. I I feel like brother Andrew could have I mean, Brother Steven could have just uh could have just had a call right then. Flee to Calvary. Run to Christ. The veil has been rent. And I'm just in a great expectation this evening for what God has for you. God has come here to do something special for you. and we've had a lot of fun and activities and now we've come in and we've created the atmosphere. Why don't we just approach him? Lord Jesus, how we love you. Lord, we've enjoyed the song service and the song specials were such a blessing and ministering to our hearts and our soul. Lord, we pray that we've also ministered to you by telling you that we love you and need you. And Lord, as we sing this song, Pour Your Spirit Out, Lord, we we want an a personal touch. Lord, something that's so personal that it would make a change. Lord, there'd be such a a reality that nothing could ever take it away. Many times, Lord, we hear good sermons and go to good meetings, it comes and goes and it seems like it doesn't have maybe an effect because our nature stays the same and our challenges stay the same and we don't have the victory. Lord, I believe that this is a predestinated moment in time that you looked down through the portals of time before you even formed one speck of dust and you said, "I'm going to meet this predestinated seed and I'm going to fill this predestinated seed and I'm going to pour my spirit out onto them in such a way that'll bring such a reality that they'll be changed forever." Lord, that's my heart's desire. Lord, we just commit the service to you in the preaching of the word. ask that you'd come break the bread of life as only you can in Jesus Christ's name I ask it. Amen. We just my what a wonderful atmosphere here. Hard to break it sometime but we're here for the word. Let's just move into our Bibles into Romans chapter 7. Um I just want to say it's uh been such a privilege. This will be my last time uh speaking to you during these meetings and I just want to thank brother Ron uh for the invitation and e evening fellowship. Y'all have done an amazing job. I believe that might deserve a a hand clap. Why don't you just give a hand clap for an amazing camp all the counselors, all the work, uh just all the organization of getting people to where they need to go. Uh it's just been tremendous and it's been an honor to serve with brother Steven. just looking forward uh to the the the word tomorrow. But uh my our hearts are just overflowing with what God's done. But he's not finished. So we just without further ado, we'll just move right into the word. Romans 7 and verse 14. Are y'all looking forward to the Lord to do something? Romans 7, we'll read 14-2. For we know that the law is spiritual, but I am carnal, sold under sin. For that which I do, I allow not. For what I would, that I that do I not, but what I hate, that do I. If then I do, that which I would not, I consent under the law that is good. Now then it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me. We'll just ask a blessing upon the reading of the word and you can be seated cuz I I just want to continue reading that for a moment and start over because um I just love how Paul uh writes this because sometimes I just feel like he wrote it in a way that make the way you feel. I mean listen to this now. He says for that which I do I allow not. For what I would that do I not but what I hate that do I. If then I do that which I would not, I consent under the law that is good. Now then is it no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me. For I know that in me, that is my flesh dwelleth no good thing. To will is present with me, but how to perform that which is good I find not. For the good that I would, I do not, but the evil which I would not that I do. I don't know about you, but that's kind of confusing. And I and I I think that kind of is exactly how we feel sometime because we want to do good and then the good we want to do we we're not finding the ability to do it and then we we know there's been a change. We know something's taking place in our life but then there's this mistakes and these things we make and you're like well wait a second I I thought I was doing good but now I'm doing bad and and the good I would I I'm not doing and the the thing I hate I'm doing. What what am I doing anyways? Anybody ever feel like that? All right. So we'll just keep reading what Paul is saying here. Verse 19 again. For the good that I would, I do not, but the evil which I would not that I do. Now if I do that I would not, it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me. I find then a law that when I would do good, evil is present with me. For I delight in the law of God after the inward man. But I see another law in my members, waring against the law of my mind and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members. Oh a wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me from the body of this death? I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. So then with the mind I myself serve the law of God, but with the flesh the law of sin. Brother Brandon would say this in broken sisters. He'd say, "It takes the spirit of God to bring life." And that life must not come out of just an intellectual revival. It gots to come out of the Bible. Word revival. And that word is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And when it falls today and quickens, you get the same results you did in Acts two. Exactly. It always has and it always will be because the spirit of God that conditions the atmosphere. And and by the help of the Lord, I I just I I was just looking at a title and how we might uh word this. And I I went back this way and and that way, but just to maybe lay something out there, I just want to preach to you for a title. The word revival made flesh in you. So the bride's revival is a word revival. All right. It's because the opening of the word and the third pool as in questions and answers. Somebody was asking about the shift in brother Brandham's uh ministry. We understand that there was the first pool uh healing. Second pool discerning of the thoughts and intents of the heart. But then that third pull was the opening of the word which was revealing revealing Christ. I it it not only did the message of the hour reveal the son of predition and and Satan and all of his evil works, but it was revealing Christ, revealing Christ that we could come into a union with him. And and so what I in my title, what I'm trying to get to you that this word revival, this message that we have heard, it it's becoming flesh in you. I it's not something that you just hear and and something that's on on the books and and something that's on the tapes as we would say or in some digital format. But as you hear the word, you become the word. The word revival made flesh in you. And in a paradox, brother Brandham would say, now what is it? C Christ coming to the body. Christ is the word. We all know the anointing is Christ that comes on the word that makes the word live. Now, you are the word. I want to tell you, each one of you are the word. the mechanics of the word that was sown out in time. A predestinated seed word of God that God placed here that you and you showed up not even maybe knowing it or maybe you've had an intellectual conception of who you are because you were raised in the message just like Moses the prophet of God would talk about how Moses and why Christ speak. He had a an intellectual faith but see his intellectual faith could not bring the results of what he was predestinated to do. He had to come to a place where his intellectual faith became quickened. Because if you study the story of Moses, Moses, he knew that he was born a proper child. Moses was a believer. He he he believed the message. He was told by his mom and he was raised and he realized, you know what? I I don't belong in Pharaoh's palace. I belong out there with my people. And he realized he was born to be a deliverer. And what did he try to do? He tried to deliver the people with his own strength. Well, you know what happens when you try to work up something and you try to create something with your own mistake? You fail. You might fail good for a while, but you'll find out it has no lasting result. You'll come back into the trial or you'll come back into something you realize, look, I ain't really got what I thought I had. But Moses had to come to a place where he met uh h the logos on the back side of the desert and he was quickened. You following me? All right. And so each one of you, you have to come to a place where sure we could just go so many directions, but you have to first receive the word into your mind. You know, the womb of your mind and or it's the womb of your spirit. You get into that teaching first. You got to hear the word, but then something has to happen where it's quickened and it drops down into your soul. All right. So he says it got to he says uh here just moving on. He says that that makes the word live. Is that right? That is the anointing. Christ is the anointing, the spirit that comes upon the word that quickens the word to make it live. Now, the word is in your heart. And he goes on and makes an example of divine healing. So, something that you're believing in or something that you've heard, you see something laying in the word, but then now Christ is going to come upon that word and bring the reality of it into manifestation. Look, if you if you are a believer and you're believing for healing or you're believing for the baptism of the Holy Ghost, then when you've done all to stand, continue standing. Satan will try to create questions. He'll try to make you wonder. And my, as you go through your Christian life, I I can't tell you, there's times where I know that I've been baptized and filled with the Holy Ghost. God, God changed me in December 99, and I've never been the same. But did I make some mistakes and some failures that really caused me to wonder? Do I really got what I got? And you know what I had to say? Well, you know what? What am I going to do? Am I going to am I going to quit? I can't quit. There's something in there that's keeping me. What am I am I going to go back to the world? Am I going to create a one-man religion where, okay, I'll just I'll have my music and and I'll have my entertainment. No, I can't. There's a hunger. There's a thirst. There's something inside of me that's craving perfection. There's something inside of me that's craving a body change. There's something in me that wants to be like that sheath wave. I seen an example in this day that was waved before the people of what the opening of the word would produce in an individual's life. And something in me wants to be that. And when I fall and I make a mistake, do I just, well, I guess I don't have what I had, so I might as well be a sinner. I might as well just keep indulging the thing I fell to. No. Something inside of you ought to start hating that thing. You know, sometimes you got to get mad at the devil. And sometimes the problem is is you like that thing. You like your music. You like your Snapchat. You like your Tik Tok. It's your safe place. It's it's what your your flesh feeds on. But there has to come a time where you as a son of God realize, you know what? I'm tired of that thing. And I want God, I want you to root it out of my life. And and I promise you, if you come to the Lord with that sincere desire in your heart, Lord, I'm willing to lay it all down. I don't care if I lose friends. I don't care if I lose family. I don't care if I'm an outcast. I don't care if I have to stand alone. The only thing I want, Lord, is you. I want you. I want the Holy Ghost. I want a revelation of the message of the hour. I want to be what you want me to be. So you stand there and the spirit comes upon that word and it quickens the word. It makes it live. And we have been ministering about that first nature having to die that you can be married to Christ. And we read Romans 7, how Paul is showing the natural law of marriage and how a woman under the law, she's subject to her husband as long as her husband lives. And I love how brother Brandham in Invisible Union, he would take that and he'd show and he would say, "I believe this is a prophecy concerning the church, how we can no longer be legal and lawful about it." I don't know if that speaks to your heart, but that speaks to me. And what it does is it lets me know that some of these things uh the this that Paul's talking about this thing that wars with me that evil is present with me and the good that I would do I do not and then and then I find out I'm doing the thing that I hate to do. But look that that Paul is not making an excuse and saying that's just the way it is. He's identifying there is there is a law uh in your members that if you don't die daily If you don't know how to do spiritual warfare, you know, it it amazes me sometimes. I mean, I I mean, some people they'll want to go they'll want to uh uh uh come for counseling or or or they'll they'll they'll want to come for advice and oh my I'm sure uh Brother Ron's going to be sitting back there going, "Oh my goodness." You know, they come and say all this and you come back to the basics. Well, are how's your how's your devotions and your prayer life? you know, how's your uh are are are y'all is your family are you praying together or uh you know, are you feeding on the message of the hour? And all of a sudden, it's like, are are you kidding me? Like you've abandoned the very fundamentals of your faith and you're having problems and you're coming to me and asking me why. That happen. Is that right, brother? It happens all the time. People get into sit. I want to I want to promise you if you quit feeding the inward man and start feeding the flesh. Oh, don't do it. Don't have any confidence in that flesh. You got to hate that thing. I tell you what, it's a good time when you wake up in the mirror. I have to do it all the time. I look in the mirror, I'm like, you know what? I don't like you. I'm sorry. And some people are agreeing like I really don't like that guy either. I am my worst enemy. And some of us have to start understanding that you are your worst enemy. Brother Brandham told us over and over, you know, the worst enemy I got is brother Brandham. If I can just get brother Brandham out of the way, then Christ can have the right away. I say each one of us tonight, oh God, let me get out of the way. Pour your spirit out on me. Let me be the son and daughter of God you've called me to be. See, because when you're when you're catering to the flesh, if you sow to the flesh, what are you going to reap? The flesh. And if you sow to the spirit, what are you going to reap? And you act like it's a complicated formula. I mean, God knew I needed a message of simplicity. I needed a simple gospel. I I'm so glad I don't have to figure out intellectually and become a theologian to be able to explain the message because many men have tried to do it and they've gotten out on a limb and they've crashed and burned. That's why it's really important just to teach what the prophet taught and say what a prophet said. Somebody asks you a question and you don't know the answer, say you don't know. Now, I'm speaking more of the pressure of a minister. Sometimes, you know, you feel like you, you know, you you do. I don't know about you, but you you want to know. Feels good to know, but don't let your flesh and your pride get in the way. And you'll say something the prophet didn't say, and you just realize, you know what? I I don't know the answer to that. And I and I'm the kind of guy and maybe I'd be labeled a simpleton or something like that. And if we got around to maybe discussing something and a questions asked, I just I don't know. Let me see what the prophet said. Like, you don't know that? Well, I'm just going to say way he said it. If you got a problem with it, take it up with him. Right. So, we're we're speaking about this nature having to die. So, Brother Brandon would say this now as we're Oh. Oh, we're going to run out of time, but you know, this was our last evening service. I I I I've uh man, I've had to cut each message. I've preached about halfway in the middle and and I've been wondering, but you know, God's had his way. But maybe we can just have a a little extra time tonight. Would that be all right? Hey, we ain't got nowhere else to go. And maybe we'll just have a good time. So, we'll try to move quickly. You amen quickly. We'll move quickly. And maybe we'll move so fast we'll just rapture right out of here. Hallelujah. Glory. I like that. So, Brother Brandham is showing this in in invisible union. He says, "Your first husband that had the rule over you was your nature by birth." Which was was nature by natural birth. Now, uh everybody remember the service last night? good. You're going to save me a whole lot of time. So, I'll just keep moving and not lay for a foundation. I'm looking for somebody that was was trying to get into the meetings and I was hoping that they they made it here. So, uh they were making a great effort to come and and by God's grace they made it. I was looking for them and uh they were they they were my I tell you what sometimes it makes you know it's so hard for us just to get 10 30 minutes down the road and this brother he went and caught a plane and he flew halfway across the United States and jumped in a car and by the by the grace of God he's making it. So nonetheless we're moving right along. Your first husband that had the rule over you was your nature by natural birth natural. You love the world because you are the world and a part of the world. That right? Well, that makes me feel a lot better. You know, you wonder why you like to do certain things and certain things grab you. Well, it's your flesh. Your desires was by nature to love the world, which you are a part of. It's all making sense. You're a part of nature. You believe that? And that's your natural thing. That's the reason you have to be born again. You have to separate. You have to die to that first husband. You can't live with it. You can't just say, "Well, I'll divorce him and hang hang him up here till occasion." That's a lot of times what we do is we come and we have an experience. We get cleaned up. We feel good. But you don't realize you're just kind of a separating for a while. That's a lot of times what people do in in in in marriages or in relationships. You know, they're going through a struggle. So, what they what do they do? They separate for a while. And and most of the time when they get back together, it's just a matter of time until they have the problem again. Right. But what what what by by God's grace needs to happen is whatever the root cause needs to be dealt with so they don't have to separate anymore. But when you're trying to separate for good, don't just hang that guy up till occasion. Well, I feel pretty good. I got cleaned up and that that sin nature, you just kind of hang it up till occasion. No, you got to come to a place where that thing dies. Where you kill that thing where where you become a new creature in Jesus Christ and old things pass away. But yet don't understand what we're laying in there in the word. Even when you come to that place, that old nature will try to follow after you and try to anoint this flesh to cause you to make decisions you shouldn't make. All right, you you following me? He says, "No, sir. No writing of divorcement." He dies. The nature of the world has to die. Every speck of them has to die. You have to be reunited again with another nature. Oh, that makes me feel like shouting. Are you hearing the way he said it? You are reunited again with another nature. That means you had a nature before you got the f the one you were born with. Hey, that sounds like shouting time to me. That means you were somewhere. Job, where were you when I laid the foundations of the world? Where were you when the sons of God shouted for joy? Look. Hey, I just showed up in Lady Osia, but I came from the mind of God. I actually had another nature. He looked at me and saw a perfect image of who I was. I was already in him in the logos. I already had a nature in Christ. You have to be reunited again with another nature. What is that other nature? Remember what Paul was saying? You got to be married to another. That was my title last night. Who is the other one you have to be married to? Like act like we're playing a act like we're playing a trivia game and you're going to win money. Who is the other we got to be married to? Yes, Christ. And what is the message? Christ. We are getting somewhere. What is the new birth? The revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. Christ is the word. In the beginning was the word and the word was made flesh and now the word is being made flesh in you. You are written epistles read of all men. So that it it's more than just a church sermon. It's more than just a code of ethics. It's more than just just rules and regulations and something uh uh that you're trying to hear to. But it's actually a life that's springing up within you of everlasting joy and everlasting life. And you're feeding on the body word of the son of man. And you are becoming the word. And the word is becoming you. But then you have this other law waring in your members that's trying to pull you out of heavenly places. Look, right now you are seated in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. But you are doing spiritual warfare. And the devil is waring after the members of your flesh, trying to use conscience and memory and doubt and affections and all the things of your past to try to tell you you're not a son of God. To try to tell you you're not a daughter of God. Oh, but a vindicated prophet has come in this day and said, "Hey, come up higher. This is the bride age. This is the rapture age. You don't belong down here. You are an eagle." Hallelujah. I said you're an eagle, but there's another law waring within your members. And every time it gets a little traction and reminds you of your past and you make a mistake and and you didn't turn your head, but you you followed for a little bit and what do you do? Woe is me. I'm not a Christian. The message isn't true. No, man. Get to fighting. Say, you know what? I'm a son of God. God, give me the strength to turn my head next time. Sisters, be real ladies, real examples. Hold a standard. Hold a standard for these young men. Dress right. Possess your vessel in sanctification and honor. Boys, you protect your sisters. Don't be fancy talking them, making them uncomfortable, and corner them out. Be a man. go talk to their daddy. But the the message has to become flesh in you. But just because you make a mistake, come on. I don't know about you, but when I was in the word, I wasn't fighting. I was just going rolling with it. I had this quote. I even called uh my brother and asked for it because we were going to do questions and answers and and I wanted to read it and I didn't get to. So maybe this is what it was for. But this there's a brother uh talking to brother Brandham and he's saying, "Oh, brother Brandham, I have something inside of me. You know, I used to hate going to church. I I I used to to to hate doing these things and I would never go. But you know, then all of a sudden sudden I saw a little track and and it started me on this path and and I went to the Methodists and I went to the Baptists and I went to the Pentecostals and they said I had to jump and shout and they said I it was a rules and and things that I had to keep and and they said all this had to do and I come to find out I've done all these things and I ain't got it. Brother Bam looked he said you know let me ask you a question. You said that uh you used to not to like to go to church, but one day you were taking a piece of paper somebody handed you out of your pocket to throw it in the trash and it said, "What will you do for eternal life or or or will you make a surrender to God or something?" and he threw it in the trash. And he said something in his heart just kept coming back to him and he he picked it back up and he threw it down and he picked it back up and something uh uh struck inside of him and and he started to get hungry and thirsty for everlasting life. And so he started searching and brother Brandov said, "Brother, you got what you were looking for right then." And the brother started to weeping. He said, "Oh, I've had it all along. Look, I I can't tell you where you're in the road map of justification and sanctification of baptism of the Holy Ghost, but I want to say one thing. If you got a desire to serve God, you ought to thank God for a desire. You ought to thank God that you're sitting here on a Saturday night and Lady Oia, when wickedness and darkness is going on on the face of the earth, gross darkness upon the people, but arise and shine, thy light has come. So, I don't care how far you've come. I want to tell you, you're going all the way. You're going to make it. You want to know how I know you're going to make it? Cuz he wrote your name on the Lamb's Book of Life. And he said, "When you showed up in Lady Osia, your your soul was already sealed off. The devil can't even get to you." Now, don't use that for a reason to live in sin. The new birth is a revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. And now the word is being made flesh in you. As we were saying, it's more than rules and regulations. It's a nature change. And so, Satan's always wanted to heap up condemnation. But one thing I realized in my life as a Christian, if I did something I didn't I knew that I shouldn't do, I learned to just understand that was the grace of God allowing me to see that there's more of a surrender that I can make. You following me? If you find that you're giving into a temptation, then what you want to do is say, "Lord, I realize I didn't have the strength. I realize that this flesh man is having an ability to make uh decisions that are contrary to the soul that's inside of me, Lord, and I want to I want to possess the land. I want to possess this vessel and sanctification and honor. And Lord, I see I'm struggling with this. And Lord, I want deliverance of it. Lord, deliver me. Help me to feed on your word and to get into prayer, Lord." So next time that temptation comes, I'll have the strength to overcome it. Now I want to tell you, if you keep going through cycles and never get the victory over that thing, I say come to an altar. Come get prayed for. I have some brothers and tell them, "Look, man, I've been battling this thing and I can't get the victory over it." But some of us let pride just hold us in bondage. You know, it's okay to need help. We had we had some youth on their way to camp coming up here and you know what happened? I thought it was quite kind of amazing if you know you don't want to make everything super spiritual but it was just amazing how all this worked out. But we we took off down the road and we left something at the place we were staying. So we had to turn around and go back and get it. While we're doing that, Brother Ron just felt, you know what, I need to go by the church, pick something up. Well, little did I know that little delay in time that I had to turn around and go back caused me to be driving up the highway and there we saw uh uh you know you know what why we stopped I'm sorry I don't stop as often as I used to with my family and kids in the car but we saw somebody with a skirt on and and they did also have other people that had pushed them out of the way and were being a help but I was pulling up the road one of the the girls said hey they were wearing a skirt. I'm like hey I wonder if it's one of ours. So, we pulled over and we back up. Now, we would have been past them if we wouldn't have had to turn around. And then, Brother Ron fell to go by the church and one of our youth members in our church was sitting up there with his bags and had missed the ride. And so, now they're climbing up the hill and they go by and and and and brother Josh, he goes, "Hey, I think that was brother Matthew." So, m it's possible if he wasn't in the car, they might have just kept on going down the way. So then, Brother Ron pulls over. So then I thought, hey, you know, camp's going to do good when you you've already started on the side of the road. I was like, man, when you start having troubles and things start happening, but could you imagine if we would have pulled over and they said, "Nope, I'm predestinated. Going to be at camp. I'm an overcomer." Y'all go ahead. But y'all don't need no help. No, we're good. I'm an overcomer. I'm seated in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. I'm going all the way. Who said I couldn't make it to camp even without a car? Glory. Are you kidding me? You get some people, they're so supernatural, they're of no earthly good. I'm telling you, they're just so spiritual and and it's just a bunch of buzzwords. You know, you're the son of man. Why didn't you shout and scream? Right? But then when it comes to a life, when it comes to an ability, and a lot of those personalities that have come up with all those things, they've done hit the ditch and taken people way off in the middle of nowhere. But sometimes what I'm trying to get to, we need help. And you know what? We were able to help them. We were able to call tow truck and get them towed and some hopped in with brother Ron and we all and hey, they made it. And I want to tell you what, none of us could make it if we didn't have help. And sometimes, you know what? you just got to do is just say, "Lord, I need your help." Because we're talking about a nature change and sometimes you just need to say, "Lord, this thing's bigger than me." I told you my testimony. And if we're talking about a nature, Brother Brandon would use the example many times about how you can clean up a pig and get it all. Oh, man. You could put deodorant and cologne on that thing and my you could just make it look all nice and everything, but what is that thing going to do? It's going to run right back out to the manure pile. Now, if you leave this camp and you run back out to the manure pile, what are you going to do? I tell you this. You want to know what you want to do? Say, "Lord, forgive me. I failed again, but I know your grace and your mercy called me. And Lord, maybe I didn't get baptized. Maybe I didn't get filled with the Holy Ghost. But Lord, I know that you started a work in me. And I know that you'll finish it. And Lord, I believe you'll give me the strength. Lord, I'm going to start hating that thing. I'm going to start uh starving that thing. I'm going to start praying more. I'm going to start reading my Bible more. I'm going to start believing more. I'm going to start listening to more tapes. I'm going to get to church earlier. I'm going to get on my knees. I'm going to ask my youth to pray with me. I'm going to ask my pastor. See, look what happened. Whatever happened to getting into desperation? We get so comfortable and ladies, you'll see we're not desperate for anything. But brother Brandon said, "You let somebody get hungry and I'll fill you out of a garbage can." But oh, we got a seven course meal spread before our saints. I tell you, if you're not seeing the fruits of Christ in your life, then hey, let's repent and let it be a God showing you, son, there's more for you. Not not you'll never make it. You're not good. That's the devil's language. And so many times when we fall and make a mistake and we realize we're maybe not in the stature of a perfect man where we need to be, we start listening to the devil. You're not a son of God. You're an impostor. You'll never be able to overcome. Well, how do you know that's a lie? Cuz he's telling you when that dude is running his mouth, it's a lie. But the word has come to tell you who you are. So, who are you gonna take sides with? Right? You can clean up a pig, but it's going to go right back out in the waller. Now, just to lay in a a little scripture here in Matthew 24. Everybody feeling all right? Matthew 24:42, Jesus says, "Watch therefore, for you know not what hour your Lord doth come. But know this, that if the good man of the house had not known in what watched the thief would come, he would have he would have watched and would not have suffered. His house should be broken up. Now, brother Brandon would tie Matthew 24:42 to Luke 11:24, which says, "When an unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places seeking rest, and if findeth none," he say, If I will return unto my house whence I came out, and if he finds the place swept and garnish, he takes seven other spirits. And the last day was worse than the first. And brother Brandham said, "The good man of the house is your faith." The good man of the house says, "Stay away." When that devil comes back knocking, faith has to have muscles on it. Say, "Devil, I ain't buying it again. I've fallen before, but you've tried to trick me. You've tried to rob me of my joy, and I know that God did something real for me. I don't want to listen to that music. I don't want to look at them girls. I don't want to go on them websites. I don't want to Look at that entertainment. Get out of here, devil. Faith has a voice. And some of us just need to start speaking the word. Faith is a revelation, something that's revealed to you. Who do you say that I am? Remember this happened in the scripture. Uh, brother Steven hit on it. It's that Jesus came to the disciples and said, "Who do men say I am?" Oh, some say thou are Elias. Some say that are that are John. Some say this, but then he made it personal. Who do you say I, the son of man, am? And Peter said those wonderful words, thou art the Christ, the son of the living God. And Jesus said, Simon Barjonah, flesh and blood have not revealed that to you, but my father which is in heaven hath revealed that to you, and upon this uh uh revelation, the gates of hell will not prevail. Now I want to ask you, it has to come to the same place now. And I ask you, who do you say the message of the hour is? Who do you say the message is? Well, some say some say it's it's Malachi 4:5 and and Luke 17:30 and Revelations 10 1-7. Who do you say the message of the hour is? Now, you can give a good intellectual regurgitation of what it is. And I uh one time had a brother come to me. He he sat in a a a church. He's gone on to be with the the Lord now. And and uh he he sat in a good church for 30 plus years and and was taught right and and uh you know he he'd gotten his life together over the last 15 20 years and and and and and always went to church and and was faithful. And one day we got done with some meetings and I and I come over there and he's a big man. He he he he pulled a chair up like this with the the back facing me and straddled that and put his hands on the arms and he looked at me. He said, "Brother, what is the Holy Ghost?" And I looked at him and I'm like, "Oh my, this brother does not." And he meant it. And I thought, "Lord, there's nothing I can tell this man that he doesn't already know." So I started praying. I said, "Lord, help me." I said, 'Well, brother, uh, this is all unplanned, so if just help me, Lord. I said, 'Brother, I Why do you ask?' He says, ' Because I don't got it.' I said, ' Okay. Said, "Well, do you you you believe the message of the hour?" He goes, "With all my heart." I said, "Okay." I mean, are you you living a sanctified life? He goes, "Yeah." He says, "But I hate going to church. I can't stand it. I said, "Oh, okay. All right. Huh. Well, what what good is it going to do to and and I'm I'm I'm being honest. I'm like, man, I'm like, what Lord, help me here, Lord, what what is I'm" I'm like, "Well, you know, I said, "Brother, what what what the Holy Ghost is to me is, you know, the only thing I can tell you, brother, is, you know, I was I I needed help one day, and I was in bondage, and I need I needed to change. I I couldn't help myself and I got desperate and I started to call on the name of the Lord and somehow he'd come and he changed my heart and and I've never been the same and I said I I said that's what the Holy Ghost is to me and he thought about he goes you know I've talked to a little a lot of good men and that's the best answer I've ever heard because he he wasn't looking for something intellectual He was looking for something he could identify with. And I said, "I want to ask you something, brother." I said, "Uh, you said that you hate going to church." Said, "Yeah." I said, "I want to ask you something. You're a pretty big man. You're 6'4, 350bs." He's a big man. Mountain of a man. I said, 'I want to ask you something. Do you think I can move you out of that chair? He said, ' Not a chance.' Said, 'Really, you don't think I can move you out of the chair?' He said, 'Not a chance.' I said, okay, well, I want to ask you something then. If you hate going to church, then what's been bringing you all these years? And in that simple moment, that brother had a breakthrough and realized he had always had what he had been looking for. And some of you young people, you have a call on your life. You've responded to the word. You've dug out the dishes. And you keep seeking for something you already got. And the greatest battle ever fought is in your mind. So it's not so important of you being able to look at the road map and be like, I'm at this mile marker. Exactly. But I want to I want to ask you, are you walking with him? And if you're walking with him, then everything's going to be okay, young people. It's when you stop walking with him and go back to where you left him. It's not complicated. I believe there's a story about some man that was about to die and he wanted Christ and maybe he was dying his he was dying out on the battlefield and he wanted Christ. He wanted to be saved and he said, "Gobie, go back to where you left him." And he said, "Now I lay me down to sleep." He went all the way back to when he was just a baby and his mama reading them a little Bible stories. I want to tell you Jesus has always been there. We got to make a conscious decision to cross over to go on with God. And when you find out that you're feeding on the things of the world, you're walking away from him. Recognize and say, you know what, I'm I don't want to do that anymore. I'm tired of that. I know where this takes me. You know, the the the day and age we live in, I tell you what, when when when it comes on your heart to read your Bible and pray, you better do it right away. You better do it right away. And and I would encourage you to not do it on your phone because I have wanted to study and read my Bible and I end up doing something other than doing what I wanted to do. You will get distracted. You will uh you will end up doing so many things and because all of our work and so many things are on our phone, so many distractions You got to feed that inward man. If you ever want to overcome, if you ever want to keep going on with God, you got to start feeding the inward man. And you got to start doing battle and recognize, hey, man, there's another nature that's trying to hang on me. But that thing got to die. All right, we doing okay? Who do you say the message of the hour is? It's to me it's the Lord Jesus Christ. It's that Holy Ghost that came to me and changed my life. And now I I've come into a union with him. And I and I realize if I want to get to know him more, I have to hear his voice. Some of some of you young people here, you are in a relationship. And and and some of you are, oh my, you just man, you know how it is. You Twitter paded. You know, you look at the girl you love and man, all them emotions just just kind of, oh, wow, man. Well, you know, sometimes that happens. Maybe some people, oh, love at first sight. But I tell you, a you as you as you maybe get start to get to know somebody, right, and you're starting to nurture those emotions that a relationship grows. Don't you realize the message is God's grace and love to you? Oh, if you want to get to know the Lord Jesus more, read your Bible. Pray. Put on a tape. Say, "Lord, would you talk to me for a while? I want to overcome." Faith comes by hearing the word. And faith is the victory that overcomes the world. And some of us are expecting to be superch Christian message believers and we're not even listening to the message. We're not even getting to church 30 minutes early to create an atmosphere. We have no expectation for the word. and all the expectation for our career and our relationships in the world. And you wonder why you're struggling. It's not hard to figure out, young people. You are called. You are elected. You are the predestinated. But you got a job to do. And I want to tell you, Christ is the anointing that comes upon the word that's already in your soul to make you go to work. Prophet of God says this in unfa in the unfailing realities of the living God. He says, "And we must learn that God is not known by intellectual conception. God is known by the new birth, by the Holy Ghost, not by any other way." Jesus, the Bible, has plainly quoted us that no man can call Jesus the Christ only by the Holy Ghost. And if you've never received the Holy Ghost, you don't know that he is the Christ, for that's the only way he reveals himself. You're not converted until you receive the Holy Ghost. The Bible said so. After Peter had uh both been saved and sanctified, give power to cast out unclean spirits and to preach the gospel, Jesus plainly told him he was not converted until he received the Holy Ghost. He said, "After you are converted, then strengthen the brother." That was on the night of the betrayal that he was not yet converted. And no man is truly converted until he has been changed and died to himself. And the Holy Spirit has control of that person. Now I uh just Lord help me here but there to me if I can maybe look back in my own experience I remember oh my I tell you there's there's nothing like it. I mean when when that you if it's never happened to you you're you're like under this big huge you're living with this big huge pressure of sin and you don't even know it. It's like it's like you've been riding a bike up I17 your whole life and didn't know you could be in a Fiori. It's it's like you've just been laboring and struggling your whole life and and wondering. But oh my, when you're converted and born again and set free, you're like, "Woo, let me tell you what God did for me. I once was this way, but I ain't the same way anymore." I tell you, if you don't know who Jesus is, you got to meet him. He'll set you free. He'll break the shackles of sin and change your desires. Oh, you're like a house on fire on a windy day. You want everybody to get saved. You want everybody to meet this Jesus that you've met. You just got to testify because my I mean, if he did that for me, he could do that for you. And and if the love of God is now coming in your life and it's the Holy Ghost in you, my you like, man, I I want other people to experience this. I don't know about you, but when I was in the world, when I got a hold of good stuff, I wanted other people to try it. When you get a hold of good food, you want people to take take care of good food. If you get a hold of the message of the hour, hey, you want other people to try it. But you see, I I I I'll never forget it was like maybe a week later, I was working at my job and and lunch break come up and I'm like, man, okay, I'll go have a beer. I got about five steps. I went, I don't even drink. That's funny. What am I going to do now? Now, if I would have gotten five steps down and went, "Oh, man. I can't do that. I'm a Christian. Wrong nature. I haven't had the change yet." You see the difference? Now, it doesn't mean you can't that doesn't mean I couldn't be tempted to things, but you see there that that old nature was gone. The things I I used to do, I don't do them no more. So then when you've had that nature change, then you've been set free. Now, now God's not going to push you through a pipe and pull you out on the other end and say, "Well done, my good and faithful servant." You will have besetting sins and things that you got to guard yourself against. Some people your struggle really might be music. And you might find out, and I want to tell you, you can struggle with things while having the Holy Ghost. Look, I you forgive me if somebody teaches it the other way, but you want to come toe-to-toe with me. And I'll tell you in the name of the Lord, I got baptized and filled with the Holy Ghost in December of 1999. And I've never been the same. And no man can ever take that away from me. But if you want to try to tell me I ain't made mistakes since then, I'm ashamed. I have. And I've actually done some things that a son of God should have never done. And I've been vexed by it. But to me, that right there shows the nature change because my soul's fixed. But if if you're able to do those things and continue to do them for a season, you you still got the wrong nature. I'm sorry. You You got the wrong nature. But if you've been changed and you come up to maybe it's music and and and or maybe maybe you've been battling with lust and and and maybe you haven't been reading and praying and all a sudden you actually you you you look for for longer than you should have or you you got off on the wrong website and all a sudden in your heart you're like, "Oh God, I did it again. Lord, forgive me. I don't want to do that." That's good. That's very good. That shows there's something inside of you that's different. the old nature would just enjoy it and continue to want to do it. But now there's a good man of the house of faith saying, "I don't want to do that. I'm ashamed of myself. Lord, forgive me once again. Lord, bring your Holy Spirit back to me. May I read and pray, Lord, that next time the temptation comes, I'll overcome." But in that moment, there's another thing waring in your members. See told you, you don't got it. You are not the bride. You're not even bride material. You might as well just start handing out bottles of water cuz that's the only way you're going to make it. You you know the quote, right? All right. Good. Talking to the right people. Prophet said, "Some people make it in just by giving a bottle to the elect, a glass of water to the elect." But you see what I'm trying to point out to you. Some people struggle. But you see, we are now living in the age of adoption. We're now living in the hour of manifested sons and daughters of God where now we are taking the book and eating it. We must prophesy again. We are living in the age of the change of our bodies where in a moment in a twinkling of an eye we can be changed. So we want to go into all the promises of God and totally possess the land. And I want to tell you, when you get a nature change and you start to see the message of the hour and the effects that it had in the prophet's life, something in you hungers and longs for that same nature and character, that humility, that meekness, that sensitivity. Lord, is that you? But we get so far away from that. And when we do, that's when you have to start recognizing, you know what? I I'm I'm starting to walk away from God again. I can't do that. I got to get back. I got to go back to where I left him. I got to start reading. I got to start praying. So, you have to look at some of your mistakes and failures. Is it shouldn't be condemnation because my Bible tells me there's therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus. Satan wants to condemn you and keep you in that place. And I want to tell you, the longer you wait to repent and the longer you stoop in it, the longer you'll remain in that condition. We are not Catholics. You do not have to beat yourself up and say, "Me a Koopa." So many people want to go to the pastor and say, "Brother Ron, I failed. I made a mistake. What should I do?" Are you repent? Like, tell them you're sorry. Right. I mean, but we want to be good message Catholics. No, brother. You mean I I don't have to walk on my ease down the I I17 corridor and say Jesus loves you with a sign and then after I do that in 117 degree weather on the black top I can be forgiven. Oh no. Oh no. I'm so thankful I serve a God who's rich in grace and mercy. I I can walk away from him for one day, one week, one month, one year, 10 years, and he'll be right there waiting every single time. If you give him second place, he'll take it. If you give him fifth place, he'll take it. If you give him a hundth place, he'll take it. He's a gentleman. He'll wait. But I said, "God, forgive me. May I give you the first place? I failed you time and time again. And Lord, I don't ever want to fail you again. May I love you like you deserve to be loved. And yes, I'm still in this flesh. I'm going to fall again. I know it. But he'll be right there. Say, "Lord, I didn't pass the test this time, but I know you. Will you let me? Will you give me another chance?" Oh, now we're growing up. See, when you start realizing that you are called to be an overcomer and that thing you've been struggling with, you are called to defeat that thing. That demon that's been coming after you, that demon that's trying to haunt you, that music that's trying to get you all bound, you are called to put that under your feet. You are not called to compromise. This young people should never make a deal with the devil. I will not settle for nothing less than total victory. And I will preach this message in such a way till every young person can come to complete and total victory. no room for compromise. But when you walk away, what do you do? You repent. But I I tried to give an example to where now the Holy Spirit has control of that person. See, my nature was changed. So then maybe out of habit or out of routine, I would go to start do things that I used to do. But since my nature had changed, I didn't desire to do it anymore. Is that simple enough, young people? So, when the Holy Spirit has control, oh my, it's happened again, but we get overtime tonight. So, when the Holy Spirit has control, it there's headship, there's leadership, it's the Holy Spirit now controlling the individual's life. Romans 12:2 Paul says, "And be not conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind that you may prove what is good and acceptable in the perfect will of God." How do you prove what is good and acceptable and perfect will of God? It takes a transformation or renewing of the mind by the Holy Ghost. Brother Brandon said, "I believe in the leadership of the Holy Ghost coming through the word." Continuing on in this quote, should I stand you up and sit you down? Are y'all getting tired? Are you okay? Coming to the home stretch now. The Holy Spirit will not misbehave itself in one person and behave itself in another person. It'll make each person come into its character. See, because it's a spirit that leads you. It brings it makes you subject to its nature. You don't bring it subject to your nature. That's what religion is. people find the religion or find the church. You know, some in some areas we got a lot of church hopping because people just want to make the church fit them. Hey, I'm sorry to say it. They don't got enough love and grace to sit around enough for a while and maybe pray and and just have a little grace for the church and have a little grace for the pastor. Nobody wants to be God in the equation. Well, my goodness, if they did, I'll just go somewhere else. And then everybody ruins their testimony. They get over here and be like, well, why'd you come here? Well, they did. I'm like, "Oh, great. It's another one of them. Sorry about it. It's the truth." And you know what? It's usually just a little bit of time till they find something else that's wrong and they're on the the message Mary goround. But if we' ever get some real Holy Ghost conviction in our life and be the God in the situation, nobody wants to be the God in the equation. No one wants to be the one to forgive. No one wants to be the one to pray. Everybody just wants to be the super message believer and wants everybody else to be the super message believer. And nobody ever has any problems. And if there's any problems, it's not my fault, it's your fault. And you're just not a Christian. And brother Random said this and Brother Random said that and and you're not going in the rapture. I'm just the only one. I'm going to go live on the desert all by myself and just listen to tapes. Great job, guy. You're a real Christian. You got to be the God in the situation. When somebody does you wrong, what do you do? Get do them wrong back. No, don't do that. That's another nature. See, God gives you plenty of opportunities to realize there's more of a surrender. There's more of a dying to self. There's more of God and less of me. And if you get tired of battling something, get the victory over it, man. And next time that devil shows up, like you again, huh, buddy? I knocked you out the last time because greater is he that is in me. Come on. Greater is he that is in me than that pornography. Greater is he that is in me than that depression. Greater is he that is in me than that sickness. Greater is he that is in me than that website. Oh, devil, you showed up again. But the good man of the house is here. Shut up, you old devil. I got the Holy Ghost. I got the victory. I got something out there on the mountain in that desert, and I've never been the same. Boo, devil. Hallelujah. Now, we're talking about overcoming. Now, we're talking about being victorious. I I have some examples in here. We'll try to move quickly. We're getting really close out of time, but hallelujah. I'm feeling pretty good. Glory to God. I feel like somebody's about to have a breakthrough. I feel like somebody's starting to recognize their position in Christ. They're starting to recognize, you know what? I am a son of God. I do got the Holy Ghost. I can do the greater works. I can fulfill Mark 16. I am a son of God. I am going in the rapture. Hey, you old devil, you come too late. I've already heard the eagle scream. I am a son of God. My name is written on the lamb's book of life. Oh, devil, you are defeated. You tried to run me down long enough, but now I know who I am. Christ in me, the hope of glory. Get back, devil. I'm taking my mountain. Hallelujah. Make way. Oh, now that's a son of God that's starting to know who he is. And you know what's awesome about that? When you get the victory for yourself, you want to start helping fighting other ones. But when did the message become like we're on the defensive? Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh no. Oh, there's no armor on my back, so I'll just learn to run backwards really fast. Oh no, it's another one. Brother on, help me. Oh no, it's another one. music, depression. Oh my goodness, what am I going to do? We're We're always trying to get ourselves right. Brothers, sisters, you are called to be an invincible army marching onward. Christian soldier. Hey, brother. Brother so and so is really struggling. Let's get in prayer for him. Hey, now we're like Abraham. When Abraham found out Lot was in trouble, he went and got them. Come on, church. We got young people. We got mas. We got daddies. We got people who are hurting. We got people that are in trouble. I say it's time to get the victory. When we know who we are and we are persuaded that now we go fight for other people. Hey, you're talking about a nature change now. Now you can go to people say, "Hey man, you having a hard time? Let me let me tell you my testimony. You know what? What God did for me, he'll do for you." But you see, when you've never experienced it for yourself, you can't give it. You can't get warm by a painted fire. and an intellectual conception of the message will never produce the victory. It'll become a way of living. But I tell you and in-n-outs. This message has to be more than an explanation. It must be the person of Jesus Christ becoming real in your life. Five more minutes and I'll call for the musicians. Romans 8:14 says, "For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God." We're talking about leadership by the Holy Ghost. Leadership by the word. Now, I I just by the help of God, we'll tie all these sermons together. I'll wait for all the people to get back that just left. I'm just kidding. This is like the whole pinnacle of my message. And I'm just kidding. How did they know to make the valley full of ditches? How did they know what to do? Brother Brandham in other sermons, he would actually type that seven-day journey to seven church ages. They got out the in the wilderness through seven church ages without water and without the spirit. Come on. So, how did they know what to do? The word of the Lord came to a prophet. How did they know in the days of Noah to build an ark? The word of the Lord came to a prophet. How do we know how to go in a rapture? The word of the Lord that came to a prophet. How do we know how to dress? The word of the Lord that came to a prophet. The word of the Lord came to Noah. The word of the Lord came to Moses. The word of the Lord came to Paul. The word of the Lord came to Okay. Now, when we preach about how to dress, when we preach about sisters not cutting their hair, that is not a man's opinions. That is God's provided way in the end time. You want to know what long hair is? Uncut hair. Unbroke hair. You clip it, you burn it, you you do anything to make it shorter, you are transgressing God's word. Now, I want you to get on the boat and I'm so glad that I wasn't called to preach that message. Could you imagine going down into the Maricopa Valley and having to go down to Home Depot and tell them construction guys on the hardwood aisle like, "Hey man, we built a big boat in Kentucky and the only way out of here, man, we all got to go get on it." Sounds sounds crazy, but that's the word of the Lord. It came to a prophet. That's what they had to do. But you see, it's the grace of God, not rules. You You You cut it, break it, do what you want to do. That's your nature. It's fine. My prophet told me that if you see somebody wearing paint or makeup, you can call them Miss Dog Meat. I'm I'm sorry, young people. I'm an oldfashioned. Call me what you want to call me, but I want you to make it. And some of us were fooling around. We we we we've sat under ministries and we have never gotten desperation to understand really what the message is. And so we just take what we want and leave out what we don't want. Used to be a shame for sisters to do certain things. Now they just do it out in the open. No shame, just bold and in your face. Come and come and act like everything's okay and everybody else is like, "Wow." But I tell you one thing, don't make this message legalism. Do not take the grace of God and make it disgrace. It's the grace of God. So when we see those things, it just lets me know they need a nature change. You're not fooling me, right? You just realize there's more of God for them. Now, now I I I hope this is okay, but um I I'll just say this, but my my wife today was having some fellowship and and you know, uh uh she she she was having some fellowship and telling her testimony and and the sister was was asking her a question and and my my wife used to struggle with clipping her hair, you know. She she uh I wasn't married. This is before we Okay, this is when she was a young person before she got the Holy Ghost as God was starting to deal with her heart to tr transform her and change her. She was wanting more of God and she found that she was still struggling with things. And the sister when she got the victory over it, she asked her the question. She goes, "How did you overcome?" I thought, "My, now there's a hungry heart." Brother Brandon preached a whole sermon called How Can I Overcome? And and what I'm trying to uh God help me as maybe we've we've slowed down here in the end. The word of the Lord came to the prophet to tell you how to overcome. It's not a man's opinion. Let me ask you this. Do you want to be pleasing to the Lord? He sent you Malachi 4:5 to let you know what's pleasing to the Lord. And if you love him, then you want to obey the word. And if you find out there's a nature and something in you that's struggling, then you and you have a sincere question, how do I overcome? Then we have something to work with. But if you're just justifying your condition, you you need to die to that nature. And and we see it many times. People will sit in church for years and not have a problem doing it. And you just sit back. Don't be a hypocrite. And that start praying for them. Say, "Lord, I see that sister, you know, she's been struggling. That brother, he wears a shirt so tight his little brother could wear it. You know, Lord, teach that brother how to pull up his pants. You know, if they were any tighter, they'd be leotards. You know, I don't want to see it either. You brothers, like, get a bigger pair of pants, dude. We don't need to know how big your quads are. Really? Way to go, muscle guy. You work out. But do you pray? I don't I don't care how much you work out and how much you lift. Do you pray? That's what you sisters should really care about. Who cares how much money they make? You don't need the Holy Ghost to be a good house. You don't need You don't need a career or a degree to to to be a good housewife. You need the Holy Ghost, brothers. You don't need some fantastic job and a nice truck. You need the Holy Ghost. We're so interested in all the worldly things we lead. We left out the main thing, Christ, the hope of glory. We're trying to move towards the word revival being made flesh in you. Y'all ready for the home stretch? Cuz we got to get through some material real quick. All right, let's go. Let's Let's make the home stretch. Let's close this thing out. How did they know to make the valley full of ditches? The word of the Lord came to a prophet. Look, Malachi 4:5 is the grace of God to you. It's the word of the Lord coming to you to tell you how to overcome, how to dress, how to act right. He's telling you how to go in a rapture. And if you want to miss the tribulation, you better start digging. You better start getting everything out of the way. And if you do your part, I tell you, there's coming a gusher. God will fill your heart so much with the Holy Ghost, you'll be a house on fire on a windy day. Hallelujah. You'll have a nature change. You know what you'll do? You'll go start digging ditches for other people. Glory to God. Hallelujah. I feel pretty good. I got my ditches all dug out of the way. I'm going to go help my brother dig. Let me go work for my brother. You went off. I'm coming after you. I got the Holy Ghost. I got the victory. I'm going to go get it for somebody else. Now we're living for others. Eternal life is living for others. It's time to go on the offensive. No more backing up. Onward Christian soldiers. You must be born again. The prophet of God says, "Oh, I'll just invite the musicians, but I'll tell you when to start playing. Thank you. I appreciate that. I've gotten the musicians up at the home church. I I'm trying to do better. Leave them sitting there for like 15, 20 minutes. I'm trying to close. Prophet of God says, "Hallelujah." But the true word comes to the true prophet and he tells you the true word. I almost want to have a jubilee right now. Brother Ron, what got you out of San Diego? The message. You think it's any different, young people? The same word Brother Ron had to hear, you got to hear. But far be it for me to leave it to some intellectual conception. I want a God that can come transform a man's life and pull him out of everything he ever knew and make him move to a valley. Now, we're talking about a Holy Ghost. Now we're talking about a real gospel. Look, I I don't like to tell it, but I was so stooped in sin. I was doing drugs and and doing all kind of nonsense. I was selling it. I was dealing it. I was so far out in the world. I was so far gone. But one day, I said, "God, whatever this is, it's bigger than me, and I need your help." And the same God that met brother Ron, the same God that met my daddy, the same God that met brother Brandham, the same God, hallelujah, came and he met me and changed my nature. Hallelujah. And that same God is here tonight to change you. Get ready. There's coming a gusher. Get ready for the Holy Ghost. The true word comes to the prophet. He tells you the true word. You follow that true word and you get a true word experience of the word because the word is made flesh in you and you become God's son. And the word of God is revolving right out of God, right out of God into you because you are his nature. His spirit is in you and you'll do the works of God. Hallelujah. The Bible said so. Oh, isn't that wonderful? I have to stop, but I'm right to our text where I really wanted to take off. I will. Sorry, musicians. Hey, let's let's get the victory. All right. Paul said in, "Hey, I'm feeling really good." He said, 'I find in a lawin. We we we we finished here and I want to continue. God, y'all pray for her. Let's just pray to to bring this to a place that'll bring forth births and transformations and fillings of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Go. I I really feel God's uh pressing in right now. Just be real reverent. Paul says this, "I find then a law, law of God after the inward man, but I see another law in my members waring against the law of my mind and bringing me in captivity to the law of sin which is in my in my members. Oh wretched man that I am, who shall deliver me from the body of this death? What a question. Maybe you should just ask that question. Oh, wretched man that I am. Who shall deliver me from the body of this death? I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. That with my mind I myself serve the law of God, but with the flesh the law of sin. [Music] Prophet of God said, "It's a time that we should never let the spirit of revival die." One time there were some men. They heard about the Welsh revival. There were some good men from our country and they wanted to go see about it. So they all got together and wanted to go see what this power of God was. And They got over there looking around and they seen this happy little officer over there just working with joy in his heart. They come up to him and said, "Excuse me, sir. Can you tell me where the Welsh Revival is?" He perked up and said, "I'm it. You're looking at it. [Music] You want to know where the bride's revival is? It's not an intellectual revival. It's it's a word revival. You want to know where it is? I'm [Music] it. I am the proof of the message. I'm the proof of Malachi 4:5. Behold, I send you me. You sent me your grace, Lord. You did that for me. Behold, I send you. You are the proof of his resurrection. You are the proof that he'll have a bride in the last days that'll come away from the denominational and the nonsense of the [Music] world. I am the message. I'm the revival. You mean You mean the third pull in the opening of the word has to take on flesh? Yeah. Yeah. He That's why you're here, brother. Sister, that's why you're here. God, before he even formed this world, he said, "You know what? I want that one here. I want that one here." And a matter of fact, there's going to come a [Music] day May 31st on a Saturday night up in the mountains of Arizona, not far from where the king's horde's going to drop down in my servant's hand and tell them who they are. They're going to get be gathered up there and one of them's going to catch the revelation that I'm the bride. I am the message. And oh, there is a law that wars within my members. But oh, I've heard a shout. I've heard a message that I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. So when with the mind I serve the the law of God, but with the flesh the law of sin. So I'm just going to die to that thing with every head bowed. [Music] Many times when we think of a revival, you might think of a camp meeting or special services. We've been blessed to be here. But when the camp is over and everybody's gone home, the lights have been shut out, I want to ask you, where is the revival then? Prophet of God said, "And how can I overcome?" This is the time we should never let the spirit of revival die. We got to constantly stay in revival. As Paul said, I die daily. I just feel in my heart the presence of God is real near. I feel this morning we could have had an altar call. God was letting you know, look, I've moved everything out of the [Music] way. I've made a way for you. Just go ahead and step into it. Is there somebody here that wants to just go ahead and step into it? You know what? I'm going to I'm going to cross over. Is there somebody here? You just feel like, you know what? This will be my chance. This will be my opportunity. [Music] Pour your spirit out on me. [Music] Saturate my my thirsty soul. Oh, come and fall aresh on me. Oh, fill my cup again. Heal my heart, oh, and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Hallelujah. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. [Music] Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Oh, fill my cup again. Heal my heart, oh, and make me whole. Oh, I need you now. Pour your spirit out. You got the ditches dug. You got everything out of the way. Why don't you let him deal with your heart? We don't need to beg you or press upon you, but somebody here wants to press in. Just make everything right. If you've made ready, why don't you just invite him to where you're at? If you feel like you want to come to an altar, if you want to slip out and pray, I just want you to know Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. I want you to know that it's Christ in you, the hope of glory. But just as we read, the anointing is Christ coming to you, anointing the word and making it live. you can have an understanding and you can believe all these things and but if you're not seeing the fruits in your life then you have to come to a place and just be honest with yourself and say Lord I I don't have what I thought I had and I I I really want to be changed and I really want victory and maybe God's done a great work in your life and you've been struggling with something and you need a little help. It's okay to need help. We all needed [Music] help. I needed [Music] help. And he came to me and I just want him to come to you right now. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Hallelujah. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit. Oh, that's wonderful. Just keep praising her now. That's a spirit coming to you now. Pour your spirit out on me. Oh, fall. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. [Music] Saturate my Why don't you just give in tonight? This is my night. Come and fall aresh on me. This is my time, my victory. Wake up again. Hallelujah. Heal my heart. Oh, and make me whole. Cuz I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Oh, there's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. Oh, there's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's joy in his presence. And there's joy in the presence. There's joy in the presence. Joy in the presence of the Lord. Oh, joy in the presence. There's joy in the presence. Joy in the presence of the Lord. There's healing in his presence. And there's healing in the presence. Oh, healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. There's healing in the presence. There's healing in the presence. Healing in the presence of the Lord. Nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. There's freedom in the presence. There's freedom in the presence. There's freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. There's freedom in the presence. There's freedom in the presence. Freedom in the presence of the Lord. Nothing like the presence. Yes. There's nothing like the [Music] presence. Nothing like the presence. Nothing like the presence of the Lord. Nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence. There's nothing like the presence of the Lord. And I surrender. Oh, I surrender. [Applause] Oh Lord, I surrender my life and I give it all to [Music] you. Oh, I surrender. Oh, I surrender. [Music] Oh Lord, I give it all to you. I know, Lord. And I know, Lord, your plan for me is right. And I need you to fulfill your purpose in my life. And I submit to you, my king. Oh, will you be my everything? I'm coming to you again. Oh Lord, here I am. I surrender. Oh, I surrender. Oh Lord, I surrender my life and I give it all to you. Give it all to you. Yes, I surrender. Oh, I surrender. Yes, Lord. I surrender my life and I give it all to you. Humble and broken. Oh, humble and broken, I come to you. I'm trusting. Yes, I'm trusting and I'm waiting to see what you will do. Lord, you know what's best. And at your feet I find my rest. And I'm coming to you again. Oh Lord, here I am and I surrender. Oh, I surrender. [Music] Oh Lord, I surrender my life and I give it all to [Music] you. I surrender. Oh, I surrender. Oh Lord, I surrender my life and I give it all to you. Sing it again. I surrender. Oh, I [Music] surrender. Oh, I surrender. [Music] Oh Lord, I surrender my life and I give it all to you. Oh, I surrender. I [Music] surrender. Oh Lord, I surrender my life and I give it all to you. For you're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things, and to you are all things. Lord, you deserve the glory. Lord, you're worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Again, you're worthy of it all, Lord. You're worthy of it all. Oh, for from you are all things and true to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Say it again. He's worthy, Lord. You're worthy of it all. You're worthy of it all. And from you are all things and you are all things. You deserve the glory. You're worthy. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Amen. You're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the [Music] glory. Oh, you're worthy of it all. Amen. Lord, you're worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. For you deserve the [Music] glory and spirit of God move. Write your word in my heart. Fill my whole being. Consume my life. Spirit of God, move an empty vessel. I want to be so that you can come, oh Lord, and fill me. [Music] Oh spirit of God, move. Write your word in my heart. Fill my whole being. Consume my life. Spirit of God, move an empty vessel. I want to be so that you can come, oh Lord, and fill me, oh spirit of God, move. Write your word in my heart. Fill my whole being. Consume my life. Spirit of God, move an empty vessel. I want to be so that you can come, oh Lord, and fill. One more time. Spirit of God move. God move. Write your word in my heart. Fill my whole being. Consume my life. Spirit of God, move an empty vessel. I want to be so that you can come. Oh Lord, and fill me. Amen. No longer slaves, no longer a slave to fear. You unravel me with a melody. You surround me with a song of deliverance from my [Music] enemies till all my fears are gone. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. And from my mother's womb, you have chosen me. And love has called my name. And I've been born again to your family. And your blood flows through my veins. And I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God and I am [Music] [Applause] surrounded oh by the arms of the [Music] father and I am surrounded [Music] mountain by songs of [Applause] deliverance we've been delivering. Oh, from our bondage to see cuz we're the sign in the [Music] dark. Let us see our freom. You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears are drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I can stand and sing. I am a child of God and I'm no longer to fear. [Applause] [Music] I am a child of God and I'm no longer a slave to [Music] fear. I am a child of God. Let's sing it again. Oh, I'm no longer a slave to fear. here. Oh, I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to [Applause] [Music] fear. I am a child of [Music] God. Amazing love. Amazing love. How can it be? I'm forgiven because you were forsaken and I'm accepted. You were condemned and I'm alive and well. Your spirit is within me because you died and rose again. Amazing love. How can it be that you, my king, would die for [Music] me? Amazing love. I know it's true. It's my joy to honor you in all I do. I honor you and I'm forgiven because you were forsaken. I'm accepted. You were condemned and I'm alive and well. Your spirit is within me because you died and rose again. Amazing love. How can it be that you, my king, would die for [Music] me? Amazing love I know is true. It's my joy to honor you in all I do. I honor you. You're my king and you are my king. Oh Jesus, you are my king. Jesus, you are my king. Jesus, you are my You are my king. You are my king. Lord Jesus, [Music] you are my king. Jesus, you my king. You are my king. Jesus, you are my amazing love. Amazing love. How can it be? Oh, you my king will die for me. Amazing love. I know it's true. It's my joy to honor in all I do. I honor you. Amazing love. Oh, amazing love. How can it be that you, my king, would die for [Music] me. Amazing love I know is true. It's my joy to honor you. In all I do, I honor you. Behold Jehovah seated on the throne. Oh aba father the well that overflows the god who was and is and shall be forever [Music] more [Music] is amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, blessing and honor and glory and power. [Applause] Amen. Oh, amen. Amen. Oh, blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Oh, behold the way the truth and the life perfect that washes white. The God who was shall be forever more. Oh [Music] yes. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Amen. Amen. All blessing and honor, glory and power. Amen. And holiness has a name. And it's Jesus. And victory has a name. And it's Jesus. Oh, the word has a name and it's Jesus and redemption [Applause] [Music] has victory. Jesus. The word has a name and it's [Music] Jesus. Redemption has a name and it's Jesus. Amen. [Music] Amen. full blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Oh, amen. Amen. Oh, blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] blessing and power and glory. Amen and [Music] amen. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Listen, I'm going to do something different. That group that came up there and said, "It ain't over yet." I want you to get back up here. Who told you? You ain't got it. Who told you? I want you to come up. That blessed me. The rest of you, sit down right now. Sit down. We're going to praise the Lord tonight. We're going to worship God. You know, all it is is making a commitment. That's all it is. You make it too hard, all you got to do is say yes. You say yes to his will. He said, "If any man will humble himself and ask me, I will come into him and s with him and he with me." Why do you make it hard? Don't make it hard. All right. God bless you this song. Who? Who? Sis. Okay. I want you singing. I want you to sing like an angel. And I want I want you to be the angelic choir in the background. And I bless me and bless the people. But most of all, I want you to bless him. Amen. All right. [Music] Somebody here needs an answer to the questions, the fears and the wise. Somebody here is desperate for freedom from the past. the chase and the last. Feeling like you've wasted so much time. Want to move ahead, but you're still lost in life. Feel like you're running will never end. And you will never win. See, I don't know. you. You cannot make it. I don't know what's wrong. You cannot take [Applause] it. Time you my way. It ain't over yet. Somebody here needs an answer to the questions, fears, and lies. Somebody here is desperate for freedom. Amen. From the past, the chase and the lies. Feel like you wasted so much time. Want to move ahead when you're still last in feel like you're running will never end and it will never win. But I don't know who's wrong. You will not make it. I don't know who told you. You could not take it. I don't know who sold you, but if that's your friend a n you will not take it. I don't know who told you that you win. It ain't over yet. It ain't over till I say it's over and this it ain't over [Music] yet. It ain't over yet. I say it's over and I say that this thing it ain't over yet. Say that this thing ain't over yet. [Music] over [Music] yet. It ain't over yet. I don't know who told you you would not make it. I don't know who told you you could not take it and I don't know who told you. It's time that you quit. But my God says wait. [Music] I don't know. You take it. I don't know. You take it. I don't know. It ain't over yet. I don't know who sold you. My God says [Music] wait. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We ain't over yet. And I'm going to have you sing that again. But I'm going to have all of you that agree with them. I want you to come up here and I want you to join the chorus. I want you come up here. Come on up here. Yeah, you guys. Cuz listen, it ain't over. It ain't over yet. There's still time. There's still God is still working on hearts. Come on up here. I want you to get into this thing. I don't want you to be a spectator. I want you to be a participator. Yeah, that means [Music] you. I don't know who sold you. You might make it. [Music] I don't know who told you. It's time that you win. It ain't over yet. You make it. I don't know. You I don't know. It ain't over yet. It ain't over till I said it's over. I say that this day it ain't over yet. It ain't over yet. It ain't over till I say it's over. And I say that this thing it ain't over yet. [Music] It ain't over [Music] [Applause] yet. It ain't over yet. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Uh, listen, listen, listen. Because I want them to sing it from the very beginning. And I want you to listen to these words because somebody's desperate. Somebody's seeking. That's what it's all about. Do not make coming to Christ a hard thing. It's not. You come, you give your life. Yes, you will fall. Yes, you will make mistakes. That's okay. Get up and keep going. Go ahead. Let's sing this song. And then we're going to sing in that chorus together. We're going to make it as a family. That's why you're hugging one another. That's why you're praying for one another cuz you know you're all struggling. You want to know this is the roughest hour. This is the toughest time. But he has chosen the best for last. And he has chosen those that are weak. And said, you say, "I'm so weak, I can't make it." He said, "In your weakness, I am made strong." Amen. Let's sing this song now. Let's just worship God. We've got no other time but this right now. This is our time. This is our hour. needs an answer to the questions here and the wise. Somebody here is desperate for freedom from the past, the chains and the lies. Feel like you wasted so much time. Want to move ahead, but you're still lost in feel like you're running will never win. It ain't over yet. Somebody here needs an answer to the questions, the fears, and the lies. Somebody here is desperate for freedom from the past. chase and lie. You feel like you wasted so much time. You're still lost [Music] in feel like you're ready. We'll [Music] never win. But I don't know. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I say it ain't over yet. over till I say it's over and I say Heat. Heat. Oh yeah. I don't know who told you you would not make it. I don't know who told you you could not take it. I don't [Music] know. It ain't over yet. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. God is good, is he not? Amen. I want you. It's not that you use sensation or emotion, but he brings it. How can you not come close to him? That's his presence. And some of you are afraid to just say, "Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. It's too simple." It is, Yuri. It's too simple. I don't care how hard you've had it. I don't care what you're going through. He says, "As many that I have called, I will not lose one of them." He's called you. He's predestinated you. He has ordained you. And you will make it. Over. He's bringing the last ones. They're coming in. What if it came in tonight? What if there was somebody that said, "Yes, Lord. Yes, I I give my life." Do you know that it we may not even get out of here. We may be all changed in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye. I'll tell you. Yeah. Give him praise. Give him praise. For he is [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. I'm thinking of a song, but the thong the song is just staying away. And I don't know why. Maybe it's because I'm not a song leader. But I'll tell you what, and to praise and to give God glory. And I don't think that we're done yet. Amen. Hey, listen. I want the rest of the choir, come join me right over here. There's an empty spot. I want the rest of the choir. Yeah. Come on. Don't act like you don't know I'm talking to all of you. Come. Do I have to grab your hand? Come on. Come on. Yeah. Get over here. I won't go back to the way it used to be. Where's Brother Greg? Where's our song leader? [Music] Yeah. Come on down here and lead us. You got a chorus here. You got a whole choir. I won't go back. Huh? Oh, I've been changed. [Music] [Applause] free delivered and I found and favor I've been [Applause] been freed and delivered and I found joy and peace, grace and favor. Now today been changed. I've been changed. I've waited for this moment. I' waited for this moment to come. I won't let it pass me by. Let it pass me by. I won't go back. Oh, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed. Say it again. Oh, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence [Music] came. Oh, all my shame, all my guilt, my sins, my guilt, and my sins. They've been forgiven. They're forgiven. There's no more chains, no more fear, no more fear. My past is over. My over and right now is the moment. And right now is the moment. Today is the day. I've been changed. I've been changed. I have waited for this moment to come and I won't let it pass me by. Go back to the way we used to be before your presence came to change. Oh, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. Sing it again. I won't go back. Oh, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way you used to be before your presence came and changed me. And I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. Sing the second verse again. Oh, all my shame, all my shame, all my guilt, all my sins. My sins, they've been forgiven. Forgiven. No more chains. Oh, no more fear. And my past is over. my past. It is over. And right now is the moment. And right now is the moment. Today is the day I've been changed. I've been changed. I have waited for this moment to come. And I won't let it pass by. Oh, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. I won't go back. Oh, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came. I won't go back. I can't go back. Your presence came. I won't go back. used to be. Hallelujah. Give him praise tonight. Now, there's a song that we've been singing about. I'll go with him all the way. All the way. All the way. How many of you say, "You know what? I'm going all the way." Amen. I don't care hows I get distracted. I don't care how. How many say all the way? Let's say it [Music] together. All the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, all the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. All the [Music] way. I'm going all the way. Oh, all the way. Yes, I'm going all the way. Yes, I'm going all the way with my decision. I'm Yes, I made my decision. My decision. I'm going all the way. Oh, don't you know I'm going all the way with my Lord. I've made my choice. I have made my choice. I'm going all the way. Yes. My choice. I'm going all the way. Yes, I made my choice. I'm going all the way with my Lord. All the way. [Music] Oh, all the way. I'm going all the way. Yes. All the way. I'm going all the way. Yes. All the way. Yes, I'm going all the way. There's no I'm going all the way back. I'm going all the way. Yes, I'm going all the way with my Lord. All the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, all the way. I'm going all the way. Yes, I'm going all the way with my Lord. Oh, all the way. All the way. I'm going all the way. Yes. All the way. I'm going all the way. Yes, I'm going all the way with [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. How many were what, Sandra? Oh, we're gonna Huh? I'm going up yonder. You ready? I want to ask you, do you really believe that you're going yonder? Some inside of you is telling you you're going. You just have to confess it and say, "I'm going up yonder." Now, tonight, our brother Matthew has poured out his heart. How many of you know he's a fanatic? where I'm going someday soon. If you want to know. If you want to know where I'm going where I'm going someday soon. I'm going up beyond. Oh, I'm going up beyond my Lord. I'm going out beyond. Oh, I'm going up beyond. Yes, I'm going up beyond. to be with my Lord. And I can take the pain, the heartaches they bring in the comfort knowing. I should be gone. And God gives me gra until I see my savior. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, I be with my Lord. Put your hands up. Let the devil know. Raise your hand. I'm going. Oh, I'm going in the [Music] rapture. I'm going in the rapure. Yes, I'm going in the right. I'm going in the right [Music] Heat. Heat. I'm going up. I'm going up. Going up beyond to be with my [Applause] Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord, blessed be your name, [Music] Father. It's what it's all about. [Music] [Music] Falling in love with Jesus is the best thing. Let's sing that song. Brother Greg, if you would come on up here. Falling in [Music] love with [Music] Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best I' ever virgin. Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] with Jesus was the best in his arms. I feel [Music] protected connected. Oh, never [Applause] disconnected. Oh, in his arms I feel protected. No place I'd rather [Music] be falling in love. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever Yes. It's in his arms. I feel protected in his arms. I'm never [Applause] [Music] [Applause] disconnected. It's in his arms I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather be falling in love. Oh, falling in love with [Music] Jesus. Falling in love with [Applause] Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus was the best thing I've ever done. [Music] Hallelujah. Now, there's really it's an extremely hard time to close a service when you know God has been dealing with lives. that I'm a servant of God and I know he was here and I know he's and we're going to sing a song that everyone knows and it's the same in every language. We're going to sing the chorus. Hallelujah. And when we sing it, I want you to close your eyes as though you were around the throne of God. and you're letting him know that you're giving him praise and you're giving him glory. All right, start it out really good. [Music] Hallelu [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, thank Oh, thank you [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Oh, thank you [Music] Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. I thank you Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy. Oh Lord, you're worthy. Yes, you are worthy, Lord. You're worthy. Oh Lord, you're worthy. Lord, you're [Music] worthy. Lord, you're worthy. Lord, you're [Music] worthy. Lord, you're worthy. Oh Lord, you're worthy. I love you, Jesus. I love you, Jesus. I love you, Jesus. I love I love you, Jesus. I love you, Jesus. I love you, [Music] Jesus. I love you, Jesus. [Music] Jesus, I love you, Jesus. Now, we're going to sing it ac cappella for just a second. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelu. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelu. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Father, our father, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done. Father, I thank you tonight. For coming by and visiting us, making your presence known. And may this be a foundation, a milestone, a pillar, an appointed time for each one that was here and say that was my day. That was when I was. That's when I made my commitment fully. I'm not going back. I'm not going to turn around. Not looking back. But we're going to go forward. Father, I bless your name tonight and I thank you. I thank you for these brethren that have labored and we have another service to tomorrow morning. And so, Father, we're going to take this spirit with us tonight and go to your your dorms where you're sleeping. Keep that presence with you. We we have things to do but one more service. So, Father, we thank Continue to bless us even in our dreams and in our sleep. May we wake Aresh with a song in our heart and a zip in our step. Father, I thank you. I praise you. I bless each and everyone here in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. That's it. Come on. Yeah. High five. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. Come on. Yeah. Come on. Mean it. Yeah. High five. Yeah. You got it. building. [Music] [Music] [Music] Your name. [Music]
