################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-03 - Tape Service 62-0601 Taking Sides With Jesus - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-03
Title:   Tape Service: 62-0601 Taking Sides With Jesus
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkmiY5BV5w8
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Let's all stand surrounded by your glory in your presence. [Music] That's where I always want to be. where I just want to be. I just want to be with you. Amen. Welcome to the Wednesday night service. Pray you come expecting to hear from the Lord tonight. Amen. Let's sing Because He lives. Because He lives. Oh, I can face tomorrow. And because he lives, oh, all fear is gone. Because I know he holds my future and life is worth the living just because he lives. Let's sing verse one. Oh, God sent his son. Oh, they called him Jesus. He came to love, heal, and forgive. He lived and died. Oh, to bind my pardon and an empty grave is there to prove my Savior lives. Amen. Oh, because he lives. Oh, I can face tomorrow. And because he lives, oh, all fear is gone. And because I know, yes, I know. Behold my future. And life is worth the living just because he lives. Amen. He lives tonight. Amen. If uh Brother Brian, you'd come to pray. We only have one need tonight. And if we'd remember Sister Gracia, she's at home sick. If we would just remember her in prayer as Brother Brian takes the needs before the Lord. Let's [Music] bow our hearts, dear precious heavenly father. We're so grateful to have a place to go to where we can hear your word, Lord. And on this midweek service, Lord, we come expecting to hear from you. We need more of you every day, Lord. We pray that your spirit would flow through this building like a milky substance in the air, engulfing every soul, every person. Lord, we just ask that your spirit would help us and guide us and keep us and draw us closer to you. We pray for spoken and unspoken requests of the hearts. Lord, touch everyone. Send your spirit and heal them all. We pray that the word that goes forth tonight, Lord, get us that step closer to getting out of here. We love you. We thank you. And we just ask these things in the precious name of the King of Kings, Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. If we could sing nothing but the blood. Thankful for the blood tonight. Amen. Oh, what can wash away my sin? It's nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, what can make me whole again? Oh, nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. [Music] No other fountain. I know. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. For my cleansing. This I sing. Oh, nothing but the blood of Jesus. And for my pardon is my plea. It's nothing but the blood of Jesus. Nothing can for nothing but the blood of Jesus. God of good that I have done nothing but the blood of Jesus. And oh precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other fountain. I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. This is all my hope and peace. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. This is all my righteousness. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. And now by this I'll overcome. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. And now by this I'll reach my home. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. And all precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other found I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. Amen. Well, I'm leaning. Oh, leading. Safe and secure from all along. Leading. I'm leaning on the everlasting arms. Oh, what a fellowship. What a joy divine. Leing on the everlasting arms. What a blessing it is. What a piece. Leing on the everlasting arms. Well, I'm [Music] safe and cure from all along. I'm leaning. I'm leaning. Leaning on the everlasting arms. Will Oh, how sweet to walk in this pilgrim. Leing on the everlasting arms. Oh, how bright the path from day to day. Leading all the everlasting arms. Yes, I'm bleeding. Safe and secure from all alone. [Music] I'm leaning on the everlasting arms. Oh, what have I to dread? What have I to fear? I'm leaning on the everlasting arms. I have blessed peace with my Lord. So, leaning on the everlasting arm. I'm leaning [Music] and you're all alone. [Music] leading on the everlasting arms. Amen. Pray that's your prayer tonight. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Oh, sing hallelujah. To our God. Glory. Hallelujah. It's to our God. Every praise. Every praise. Oh, it's to our God. God my savior. My Oh, he's your healer. God, [Music] my delivery. God. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God, my savior, [Music] God, my healer. He's God, my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise, oh is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Oh glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Let's sing that. God my savior. God my savior. God my healer. [Music] God my deliverer. Yes he is. Yes he is. God my savior. Oh God my healer. Oh God my deliverer. Yes he is. Yes he is. Amen. Give him a hand clap of praise. And if we could all stand as we change the order of service, we sing, "You are God alone." Amen. You are not a God created by human hand. You are not a God dependent on any mortal man. And you are not a God in need of anything. We can give by your plan. That's just the way it is. Sing that verse one more time. For you are not a God created by human hand. And you are not a God dependent on any mortal man. For you are not a God in need of of anything we can give by your plan. That's just the way it is. Oh for you are God alone from before time began. No worship in the night. Oh, thank you Lord. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad you are on your throne. And you are God alone. You're the only God whose power none can contend. And you're the only God whose name the praise will never end. You're the only God who's worthy of everything we can give. For you are God and that's just the way it is. [Music] Oh, for you are God alone from before time began and you are on your throne. And you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God alone. You're unchangeable, Lord. Unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's who you are. You're unchangeable. Oh, unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's what you are. You are God alone from before time began. And you are on your throne. And you are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad, you are on your throne. You are God alone. Amen. He's God alone. He's the ruler on high. He's the omnipotent one. He's the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. And he's your savior. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Your redeemer. Amen. Amen. God bless you all this evening. I greet you in the lovely name of Jesus Christ. You can be seated for just a moment. Say a few things here. I'm just happy to be home. was over there in Columbia, South Carolina with brother Benny Perry. And uh they rented a a school house there to because he invited all kinds of different churches in the area. And uh I don't know how many ministers that was there because many times they're saying, "Oh, brother so and so, stand up, brother." This and that. And I don't know most of those brethren back there, but um Brother Benny Perry sends his greetings. Uh, brother Bley Williams was there also and he spoke on uh on Saturday to the youth and uh uh brother Jason and his son Matthew Watkins were there and brother u Paul Beard, brother Juel Forny, uh brother Mike Halloway uh there's just a bunch of them and so I bring you their greetings and uh I I was sitting in the back. had the the school auditorium and there was a drummer and their musicians and everything up there and that drummer was so loud and they had me right on a couch uh from me to you from and this guy's beating on them drums now I'm telling you and I I just said I can't even think. So I had I sitting in the far back on the back row like some of you guys you come in church you sit on the back row you want to sit on get closest to the door so you went and anyway sitting there on far back and so brother Bley he comes behind me and he's you know hey brother Ron how you doing and stuff like that and then he slaps me on top of the head and he got a big old mosquito a mosquito was on top of my head he slapped he said I said well thank you man I You know, I wonder why he slapped me on the head. He got a mosquito up there. Anyway, um listen, we're going to we're going to finish up the tape tonight on taking sides with Jesus. I don't know if we'll actually be able uh to finish it all, but we're going to start on paragraph 71. And what I'd like you to do, I want you to understand that this prophet's ministry, he's he's born a prophet. How many know he's born a prophet? But now, Brother Brandham is wondering about his ministry. What is God doing? I'm going off of the scene. Why is this explosion? Why these visions? Why is seven angels? Why do I have to go west? Uh, you know, and meet with seven angels. What is all of this about? Am I going off the scene? Surely nobody will live through an explosion like that. and uh uh he begins to now feel a transition, understand a transition in his ministry. So he preaches a couple sermons uh present stage of my ministry uh and uh uh another one current stage of my ministry, present stage or whatever, but uh ministry explained. And he he's he's letting the people know now God has been doing something and he's changing me. And he says, I see that where all my trouble has come is he says that I have mixed uh being an evangelist and a prophetic gift at the same time. And he says that's been the permissive will. Now understand when a prophet is coming into his perfect will ministry. Let me say this. God uses all of this. You say, "Well, brother Ron, from for from 33 or the beginning of the tapes of where they uh in 19 uh 47 onward, uh do we only listen to the tapes that are from 63 onward from the No. But when you actually when you start taking the tapes in chronological order and I've done that start all the way back as 47 and 48 49 50 and you begin to see his ministering growing you begin to see uh brother Brennham 1956 has a sermon um that he says what is a vision and he says he talks about first second and third pole first time he's ever mentioned that over the pulpit and he says now Jes Jesus had three poles. Moses had three poles. And he goes on and on. And he says, "Now watch that first pull." And he begins to explain it. And remember, he has this vision. He says, he sees a little baby shoe and he's trying to take a rope, a good size, like a quarter inch rope, and put it through the eyelet of the baby shoe. And he sees that it's not working. And the angel of the Lord says, "You're trying to teach Pentecostal babies supernatural things." Amen. And he said, "I've told you not to to to try to explain it." And when you when you've done this, when you've explained it, because Brother Bram's very transparent, and he says, um, you know, he begins to explain his ministry. What happens is, uh, he's creating carnal impersonations, right? And he said they're going to follow along and you'll see somebody's going to have a gift in the hand. Some are going to start discerning and on and on and so brother Brennham now you understand they're coming I I call it a fulcrum. It's like from 1933 he's preaching about first second and third pole. He's preaching about what God's going to do what God's doing. And when he comes to the opening of the seals, he's crossed over now into another realm. Amen. But prior to that, prior to that, he's making all of the message believers, hey, what God is doing, he's changing my ministry. It's not going to be anything sinful. He said, "Watch, it may be a little moving back, a little, you know, nothing sinful uh by any means." and he says, "But I just feel that I'll be pulling back." Now, understand that from the time that he gets into this portion of his ministry, he never goes back into world evangelism again. He's not out going into Africa and all of the different places. He's done that. Remember, the first and second poll are um gathering polls. Everybody's come. Nobody was offended by first and second poll. Nobody. discernments, miracles, signs, wonders. Many of them came to to see Brother Brennan work his gift. In fact, Billy Paul told me, he said, "Uh, daddy was telling me," said brother Ron or excuse me, he says, "Uh, uh, Paul," he said, "these people, uh, the full gospel businessmen have told me, uh, we want you, brother Brennham, to come and work your gift, but don't preach, right? because your preaching is offensive and and uh you you're not a learned man. So leave the preaching to us. And so they wanted to use brother Brennham just as a calling card to bring the people in. You you follow that? And so, uh, he says, uh, even watch this. When brother Brennham said that he wanted to to, um, maybe build another church because the tabernacle was becoming too small. And they remodeled the tabernacle for the opening of the seals. But I was speaking with brother uh Billy Paul when we were traveling together and he says that his daddy says um Paul he told brother Billy he called him most of the time Paul. He says uh Paul he says I wanted to build a bigger church to hold the people and hold them comfortably. He says but they voted me down and they only wanted to do uh a small expansion. He said, ' That's what they think of my ministry. Amen. Now, understand, not everybody's catching brother Brennham is a prophetic ministry at this time. They're seeing that he's a great man of God and it there's been signs and wonders. Supernatural is happening. But remember, Pentecost was full of supernatural. So, there's got to be something far greater than just supernatural. Okay? And uh uh because uh with 1906 and and Pentecost was coming on real real strong and so when brother Brennham was told by the angel said you're going to be given two gifts as Moses was given two gifts and uh as John the Baptist forrun the first coming you and your ministry your message is going to forrun the second coming of Christ. And so we see that John the Baptist even he introduced he said behold the lamb of God. That was his introduction. And it's amazing that in the scriptures there are people still following John after Jesus is introduced because John sent two of his disciples to ask Jesus are you the one or do we seek another? Now imagine brother Brennham said that John the Baptist suffered in prison and and he himself said he got offended. Brother Brendan was talking about that John the Baptist got offended that Jesus didn't break him out of prison and why if I'm the forerunner and is this really him is this what we expected and uh remember they sent two of the disciples to go ask him are you the one or do we look for another he said you go tell John these things and uh one of them was blessed is he who's not offended in me. Brother Bram said he got his answer right there because he had been offended. And so John the Baptist goes off of the scene. Now let's look at shadow and type for a moment because brother Brim said, "I am a typologist. As it was, so will it be." So here you have John the Baptist in the first forerunning of Christ and he come and he was like a a reed shaken in the wind. He didn't come with all the fanfare of of the ministry. He didn't have robes. He he he he ate locust and wild honey. He had a beard and and animal skins around him. And I think brother Bram said he was from a young boy on. He was out in the wilderness and and that's where John the Baptist had learned about God in the wilderness. Okay? And that's why he used in parables all the time the axes laid to the root of the tree. Taking natural things and bringing it into spiritual. But you see John said, "I've got to decrease that he might increase." So you see a pulling back of John the Baptist so that Christ will be raised up. Do you understand that? So now when John the Baptist was beheaded and went off the scene, was there a return ministry? If you say return ministry, well, Matthew 24, when the uh uh earth did quake and the uh rocks did rent and graves of the saints came open and there was a resurrection and they were seen within the city, right? We know that. Okay. Well, John the Baptist come up, but did he have to reintroduce Christ? No. See, you have to stay with the scriptures. Amen. Okay. Now, what's amazing is when Jesus asks the disciples, "Who do they say that I, the son of man, am?" Do you remember their their answer? Well, well, Jeremiah or Isaiah or one of the prophets raised up. Where did they get that? Return ministry has been around. That doctrinal teaching's been around for a long time. But you see, so John the Baptist when he went off of the scene, Christ was there. Okay? Now this forerunner does not beho say behold the the lamb. What does he say? Behold the lamb's wife. Amen. Because even brother Bram said this is the bride coming of Christ. This is the omega coming back to the alpha. So this is very exciting to see this. And brother Brennan explains some of this as we listen to him preach. And I love to hear the way he preaches his mannerisms, how he goes to the scripture. He always prophets always go back to the scripture because the word of God is our absolute. Amen. Some people have said, "Well, brother Brennham's our absolute." No, no, I beg to differ with you. The reason that we can say that the prophet's message is our absolute is because he made the word of God his absolute. That's right. See, he would never allow you to even say, "Well, that could be the 23rd uh chapter of Revelation or the book of Acts." He said, "No, that'd be adding to." So, he took mysteries that are in there and he revealed. Let's stand together. We're going to read the scriptures. Turn with me if you would in Revelations 10 and verse 7. Probably one of our most familiar scriptures that we know. Revelations 10 and 7. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he should begin to sound, now brother Brennham said that word sound is to blast forth as a gospel trumpet. He says it comes from the uh Greek word salpo which actually means to blast forth as a uh a message, something going forth as a trumpet. Because remember, Israel always gathers with trumpets. Amen. God always does things like a trumpet. I turn to see a uh the the it was like a trumpet and he turns. You see, these are all symbols. So when he should begin to sound, brother Brenham said not when he starts his ministry, but when he begins to actually sound. So now, brother Brennham, may I use this terminology so you understand with the opening of the seven seals, which is the mystery of God being totally revealed. Prior to that, he probed at scriptures. He probed. He guessed, if you please, as an example, the white horse rider. Prior to that first seal, he said, "That's Christ riding down through the ages." With the opening of the the first seal, that angel meets him and breaks that opening of the seal. He said, "Oh, no. It's not Christ. Who is it? It's the Antichrist." Amen. So, you have to take the word in its season. So, now you see what God's doing. Understand this. He's circumcising the message. Amen. He's taken away all of carnal thoughts and now meeting with supernatural angels coming and and he says he is those seals. It is Christ being revealed. So we we see this is now something supernatural. So God is we we now we are have a message that brother Bram's not probing at it any longer. He says now we have thus sayeth the Lord. Amen. He even says hey you all know that I' I preach serpent seed and everything. He says with the opening of the seals now he says you have a complete vision of this now. It begins to have a complete understanding. Revelations 10:7 when he should begin to sound not when he starts his ministry. So now the prophet as Christ took the scripture of Isaiah found where it was written of him. Okay? And he said this day is this scripture being fulfilled. So now we have even brother Brennham coming and taking and prophesying and taking revelations 10 and 7 as 1-7 when he preaches this the sermon serves as this the sign of the end what is the sign of the end revelations 10 1-7 amen what's this all about why these angels why all of this what is this all about so now God is bringing us into the fullness, the revealing of the word which is Christ himself. All right? When he should begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he hath declared to his servants, the prophets. Amen. May God bless the reading of his word. You all may be seated. Tonight, we're taking sides with Jesus. Um, this is 1962 0601. If you want to follow along, perhaps you have a a tablet, a cell phone or whatever. We are going to put it on the overhead. And so listen to this. You want to know how Elijah preached? You want to know what it was like in the days of Elijah? Here it is. This is uh the word of God for this hour. We call it the message of the hour. Amen. We call it the voice of God in these last days. So now he's beginning to sound forth the very mysteries of God. And here he's explaining this transition period. God bless you as we listen to God's servant prophet, Brother Brena. A prophet stays back here till he stomps out into the hospital or wherever he's going. Thus sayeth the Lord and say and stomp back out again. No evangelist at all. He don't hold meetings and discuss things. He's got the word of the Lord for whoever he sent to. If he's sent to the White House, he stomps right up in front from the White House. Is thus sayeth the Lord. If it's to the governor of the state, whoever it is, it's thus sayaeth the Lord. He don't fool around with a group of churches trying to get them to come in and take the word and preach these things like evangelists. He's not an evangelist. So you see, brethren, that's the reason I don't call myself a prophet. I'm not even in the office of one. See, now you understand what I mean. Now there'd be a lot go on like that for a long time, but I hope to not take too much of your time until I get a little bit of this word I want to read tonight. Now, here's what I'm doing. I have never felt that I should live in Indiana. I'm a I'm a rambler. I don't I'll go one place I think I'll go over here and I'll settle down here. This is it. I can't do it. Want to go somewhere else. I think I'll go over here. Want to do it? My wife calls me what that song is saying about restless wind. You've heard it. I guess most all of you hear him saying, "Oh, that's why she calls me. Restless winds." About time I get here, I think, boy, I've just got to get home. I got to see the wife and kids. I just got to go to church once more and preach. I get here, come down, preach once, kiss my wife, and hug all the kids, get out the yard to cut the grass, and the airplane goes over. I stop, wipe the sweat off my face, and I want to go with him somewhere else. I got to go. Well, I think I got to go down there. And I I go down there. I preach there a while. Look around. There goes the other one over. I got to go with him. See, there's no settling down place for me. I just can't do it. Restless, shifting place to place. Something I can't help it. It's something in me and I know that I must do it. Now, if the church is in its present state, I'd feel horrible to walk away from here and think of all you men sitting here that I believe I'll spend an eternity with over glory land. We got fine man, fine material, solid, sound people. Just recently there's a revival broke out in the church here amongst the people. The spirit come among them begin to give gifts. I watched it to see if he go off into fanaticism. Every time he start moving that way, the spirit check, bring it back here. Praise the Lord. You just hold your place there. That's fine. See, now what my thoughts is is this is if it could be possible that when I start going somewhere, I don't know where I'm going. But I can't sit still. I ain't going to stay here. I just can't do it. I got to move somewhere. And I probably won't stay there, but a few days be moving somewhere else. I got to go somewhere. I don't know where I'm going. Neither did Abraham know where he was going. He just crossed the river and started off. That's all. I feel that what we ought to do here in this present time. I believe that we need a church. I think I think the house of God, you say, well, what put all that money in it if the Lord is going to come? Well, what good is going to do to keep the money if the Lord comes? If the people designated the money for the church, it's our duty with 100% vote ear talk that night to build the church. So build it. I'd say build it. Yes. I've never expressed this before, but I want to do it before you man. Didn't want the women here because one leans this way and that way. I'm trying to tell you the reason I want to do it. I think if the Lord's coming next week, let's start the church this week. Certainly. Let's show him. Let's stand at our post of duty. Yes, sir. And then if we uh when the church is built up why say if he's what if he's 10 years from now what if he's 20 years or what if he's 100 years whatever it is when he comes that matters not we know he'll be coming for us before that time because we can't live it out 100 years more you'll be coming for us but we got to leave partings behind us and I've thought this why not then let the church board you're speaking to them now build that church put it up here make it nice and a nice place the people can come. I'd suggest brother Neville be the pastor of the church as long as the church suggests him being pastor. That's the vote of the church. As long as he holds a post of duty and stays with the faith, wants to come, feels the leading of the Lord, then the leading of the Lord for him to stay. If the congregation votes the same, then I'd say each one of these men out here, these other men like brother Chris and brother Jr. all them. As long as they feel their duty at that post and they're associated here together, you can't go down and meet with the Methodist, you have no fellowship with them, the Baptist, you go talking about speaking in tongues in the baptism in Jesus name, they kick you out that quick. That's right. You sit around there, you'd be like a a dove amongst a bunch of crows. You would have no fellowship at all. You're d I ain't making fun of Methodist and Baptist. Now remember that. I'm not saying that. I'm just drawing a comparison. And many of those Methodists and Baptists are a good man, godly man. But I'm talking about the fellowship. There's brother, what's his name back there tonight? The evangelist sitting back there, brother JT Parnell. Brother Beer, believe it's brother sitting here. Some of many of you here, man of God calling in your life. You can be doing something. Just don't sit around. Let's do something. You don't get but one soul saved get that one saved. Each one of us. Now I think this church if you man would when you build this church make this like your headquarters and like brother Neville here being like the senior elder among you. See and sometimes you get a question that you can't discuss out with your church out there. then bring it in here to brother Neville and you all discuss it together. If you can't come to any decision, I'll be coming by pretty soon. Then we'll all come together with it and and then in there get training in your own groups, other ministers, man that you see that has a calling in their life for the ministry. Train them young man. Bring them in here to the elder. All of you set together in a ministerial meeting and there teach the deeper things of God. Don't go on the bad end. Keep someone who you can have confidence in to be kind of like a a leader for you. And then sometimes if you don't see it just exactly the way he does, go that's all right. You're in the faith anyhow. Just move along. Maybe when we come together then all of us together we are pray the discernment of God come down and he'll give it just exactly what it is. You see? and let us know just how to do it and in there churches can go here and training up a group of men and if I'm in evangelistic work somewhere there's places I can place them worldwide what if I was in India go back to India there I'd say to these people maybe you'd have thousands of them stay there for a week or two and they see the ministry they love it they believe it's a truth they come out of heathenism there I've got and maybe in two or three weeks when I was only there two nights and maybe 100,000 converted to Christ, nowhere to go the next day, take a plane and start back to Rome, then to the United States, leave them just like sheep put out among wolves. What if I had a group of men, young man, trained in a message? Okay, just say now wait a minute. Before I leave here, we're going to set in order these churches. I'll have a man that already telegram him. They got the money. They're on the road here right now to take over this. A good man is two or three young men with him who will be his helpers and assistants and a church of this faith can be set there which will be a outpost in India, outpost in Germany, outpost in Switzerland while right now we should had them all around the nation. It's where I've been. Amen. And the message then from there comes another from another comes another. See what I mean? Now tomorrow night or day after tomorrow night you'll see Max and Bo come down here which is my friend. You'll see just what one little crippled up Swede did over there and Tanzanica. He went in there and I met some Bose is a good man but he don't believe the faith that we believe. I tuck him out and tuck him and just tied him to such a place in the scripture. I say, "Matson, you're my friend. Now you're not going to jump or run. We're just going to stand here and hold one of those hands as Christian brothers and talk." See? And lay the message right to him. And he just sat there. He said, "Brew Brandom, you you sure are right." I said, "Now Madison, you don't believe that or you'd accept it." Well, Random, I believe what you say is the truth. Then why don't you accept it? See, just burn it right down to him and he then as soon as he gets away, he's gone. See, but just watch what that man did in his missions over there. Just one man. Course he can send right back to Chicago and pick up Burton and all the rest of them. Send them over in there like that and start to work doing to now they're getting up into the tens of thousands of one little revival. Not a man with gifts, just a man who had enough courage to go there and start. What could have been done under this? have been ranking in the millions. Sure, we've lost that time. That's what my suggestion would be. Now, remember, in doing this, you'll find out there may be times that you'll disagree with brother so and so, you'll disagree over here. And remember, as long as you get to the spot you say, "Well, because he don't believe it just like me, I'm going to then there's something wrong with you. There's not wrong with the other fella. It's something wrong with you." When brethren who are trying to hold together is one thing we Brandoms is nine of us and we fight like pet dogs but after all when we got through fighting we were still Brandoms. One the other was a Brandon. I know he was a Brandon. He know I was a brand. See but we'd fight. You do that in your family but they're still your brothers. That's the way it is. We might different. That's all right. But we're still one. We're one in Christ. We believe this message and let's stay with it. And I think that's the thing to do to keep on carrying on until Jesus comes. And that's what I wanted to say in that manner. And I believe if you'd have like see, you've got to be enthused with it. If you're not enthused, then it's something wrong. There's something wrong. You've got just not say, well, last month I was pretty well enthused, but I don't know. See, then there's something wrong somewhere. You got to be enthused all the time. See, and just keep punching. It's the devil trying to get you. Like I always liked uh our last president, Mr. Eisenhower. Uh I had a great admiration for uh General Eisenhower. Uh he said when we were fighting, he said there's many times we picked up a shell and throw it into the gun and pulled a hammer on it and let her fall and it snapped. It didn't go off. said we didn't surrender, said we might have put in another one and it snapped, too. Said we didn't give up. Said we kept on snapping till the one went off. That's it. That's the way to win the war. Keep trying. Throw a shell in and pull it. You got a purpose, a target to hit. And if it don't go off, throw it out. Throw another one in and try it again. Throw it in and try it again till one goes off. There's one of them in there. It's alive. One of them will go off. But that's what we got to do. Just keep firing away, firing away until something happened. What am I doing? I'm firing away now. I'm going out here and I know him out in your leading, a responsibility. Millions of people looking at you. What you going to do? What's the next move? Some thinks I'm dead. Some thinks this. Even that gun when all said I was trying to commit suicide. Everything. out around the country and everything. See, but you got all that to contend with, man. You got the burden of the people. And just imagine what if God would place on you that you know the heart of the people that you're talking to. Think about that. See, brother, maybe I know you have burdens, but you don't understand. And besides that, here you've got the responsibility here. You say, "Well, that ought to be easy for you, brother Bram. anything to do. God just tell you, "No, he doesn't. I sweat it out just like you do and a whole lot harder." Sure, I have to sweat it much harder than you do. And there's going to be more required of me where you have to answer for a church where you have to answer for your family or maybe just for yourself. See, there's millions of souls I got to answer for. I got to know my moves. And if Satan's knocking you for one soul or a few souls that you'll catch, what about out here where millions are setting in order? How many more blast is he throwing in there? See, so you got a whole lot to remember, brother. That no wonder I get nervous sometimes. Sure. But now I'm punching away right now. I throw a shell in it that fires. There it is. If it don't fire, I won't quit. I'll throw that one out as a thud and try another one. One of them's going to go off. That's all there is to it. One of them's going to fire somewhere. Then I'll I want to be on the target. So when it does fire, I'll hit the object that I'm shooting at. And I you know what I mean? I'm sure there's something somewhere. I'm leaving for these meetings. Just plunging out. I don't aim to teach these great things I teach you people. You remember what that dream that I got the interpretation was? go back and store up food. Where was the storehouse? This tabernacle. Where is there anything like it in the country around here anywhere that will compare with the message that we have? Now, of course, our little brother is sure that that's along here. These other little churches are us. We're one. Where would you go to to find it? Shorts comparison anywhere. You go right out in denominational creed, you'll go right out away from the name of the Lord Jesus. You'll go right out away from these other things. See, here's where the food's been stored up. Well, one message that I preach here to you all, look, I've been preaching from one to six hours to you on a message. Well, if I had to use one of those message, I'd take a week to take it. Just a little bit here and a little bit there. See, because it's been stored up here. It's on tapes. It'll go worldwide on the tapes where people in their houses. them tapes will fall right into the hands of the predestinated of God. He can direct the word. He'll direct everything just exactly to its course. That's the reason he sent me back to do this. Store up the food here. He forbid me to go overseas. Brother Argite said, "Well, come and go. You got one night, but we'll take you a tour trip all around the country." The way I seen Brother Fred and Brother Banks trying to go. I said, "I wouldn't go that way." See, it showed that there was something else. I pressed right up to the mark now, but I don't know which way to go, but these amination land all around me. Did he call me back to the evangelism? Has he called me to foreign missionaries? Has he called me to be his prophet? I'm at a pastor somewhere. Whatever I'm to do, I'll just keep throwing shell in and pulling a hammer on. One of them will go off. But I'm just not going to stay and look say, "Lord, you put the shell in the gun. I'm going to put the shell in the gun. Do the pulling myself. Let him do the fine. He's the one to take care of that. Let me just keep moving on. I I go on this meeting now. I'm just going out. I don't know. I I may not say one thing about these message like a preacher. I may not even have one night of discernment. I don't know. I'm just going not knowing what I'm going to do. I couldn't tell you. I'm just going. And that's all. And that's what you have to do. You got something in mind. The people here wants a church. Build it as quick as you can. Get it up. Get your teachers and names. You brother out and your little churches and you want to you're doing a work. God will reward you for that. Go out there, preach. Do everything you can. Let all of you get together. You bunch of men and have meetings and talk on deep things of the scripture and pray. Don't don't just come here together unless you come for prayer meeting alone. do your praying in secret. Stay out in a place and go into your rooms. Hide out somewhere and just kneel down and just stay before God and stay there. Then if you find out look like something's moving up or you're just going and you find out it gets a little bit off the word and be careful. No matter how good it looks, stop right there. A wrong spirit struck you because the message of this day is to the word. Okay. Don't see if you say, "Oh my brother, I tell you so and so, while so and so stood the other night, this thing take place like this." Watch it. Watch it close. Don't renounce nothing. Just wait and see how it acts and then bring it up to the word and see how it compares with the word. Then if it compares with the word and everything's fine, thank God and just keep moving on and see this long as it stays in the word. That's my opinion. What I think you should do, brother Neville, brother Ruddle, and Brother Crease, and Brother Beer, and all you brother, Juny, wherever you are, and the rest of you, brother, God richly bless you. I see Terry, Lynn, Charlie Cox, David, a lot of you young men here, God anoint you. Amen. My how would like to pick up a handful of you via evangelism and set you somewhere. See, knowing that you've come up, you can stand and know the message and study to prove yourself. You feel a call in your life. I see two or three young men, four or five sitting on the row back here and and like that. You're a young man. I'm getting old. Brother Neville's getting old. We're middle-aged man. If time rolls on, we're going to walk off the scene. You've got to fill our shoes. See? And so you seeing that maybe in that day even it'll be growing greater if there is a tomorrow. But while there is a today, let's work wise today. Tomorrow may never come. If it does, let's be ready for it. See what I mean? Now that's what I would think to you. Would it be wonderful to see a brother up there from Utica, brother Grace, all you other brethren here come together, meet, come into a place, you minister, set together and discuss things. You've got to have fellowship somewhere. You've got to have something to come together to kind of get together about. You all come together as a group of men and believe one with the other and like that and discuss these problems and set out maybe once a month just ministers alone let you meet somewhere in one of your churches sit there and discuss it and talk it each one of you pastors and evangelists and whatever you are and then if some great problem comes up you can't settle then if I'm called on the field of evangelism I don't know that I will be if I will be you know I'll be coming back constantly all the time and then if you get those things down when I come back here or we'll meet together and just stay down there. One of you has a calling in your life. We won't have like private interviews and things we've been having. We'll just come right together and stay there till we have thus sayeth the Lord. And if you can get the preacher straight and him going, right? Look what he's going to do. He's going to influence us, it would take care of the hundreds of these things that we're just beating at. You see, you got to get it a system, God's system. like uh Jethro said to Moses, "Well, you can't beat out all of them." Or, "And God put elders out there, 70 of them, and tuck the spirit was on Moses and put them up on those 70 elders, and they prophesied." And it didn't weaken Moses a bit and strengthened him. He had just as much prophecy in him as he did before they took the spirit off of him that prophesied. See, he just separated the son of Moses. let them judge the smaller things. And but when it comes to the major things, you come in with them and help them like that. That's the way that was God's way back there. That was God's way in the in the early church age. And I believe it's God's way now. Right. For us to do it. So let's do it. Just quit talking about it and do it. That's all we can do it by the grace of God. Don't you believe it? I Let's see. Oh, don't tuck my time up. But u Billy wrote a note here just may not see what it is. I'm from New Albany. Daughter of Grace Memorial Hospital broke her arm. Uh uh wants prayer for her. T R O U B WC Trobe Trobe something like that. Let's have prayer for this young lady. our heavenly father as we're speaking now and I'm thinking it maybe when Irenous looked out upon his little group of men it perhaps is a lot smaller group than here tonight and they didn't have a seat to set him they sat on old coal slabs of rock and they sat there and he talked to them. Those men went out even when to go. They know that they could be fed to lions, their heads chopped off. But the faith of our fathers are living still in spite of dungeon flame and sword. I thank you for these men, Lord. I pray that you'll bless them. Now I bless each of them in thy name. That you will keep them in the faith that was once delivered to the saints. that never will they vary from that. And out of this group, may you send pastors, teachers, evangelists, oh God, Brandon, and may they hold a fort everywhere, wherever they are. May they continually work until Jesus comes. And now, Father, I pray for each of these requests that's coming here tonight. And I ask that you'll remember this little lady down here that just broke her arm. May the power of Almighty God heal her and make her well. Grant it, Lord. I pray that you'll help her and bless her. Bless her loved ones for calling. And may the power that raised up Jesus out of the grave raise up this girl. May her arm get well. All these requests that was made mentioned tonight that poor boy laying there it's got this I heard the brother announce it that the Hajeson's disease has eat through him until his face is burn up with radium and things are given. God be merciful to that boy. Let him live. We think of that man that didn't prepare to meet you and gone on now. His wife with a crushed head adopted child. All these others sister Bruce packing that water. She's getting old, Father. And there she burn her arms and up and down her body. We pray for her. She's probably hospitalized. And we pray that you'll deliver her and bring her out. Granted, Father, we ask these blessings in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Now, I want to ask you something and um ask you if um if you believe that we have time just for a little bit of the word. Do you have it? just for now it's I know it's a little late but I had a little something here that I thought out today that I would like to to speak on just for a minute and it might help you and I thought first that I would announce this now it's on this tape and if anybody would ever want to refer to it Jim H thing to what I think ought to be done and now what should be done to the for you brethren. Now, do you know when those early men went out sometimes there were only about six or eight of them together and they shook the country. What do you know when Aquilla and Priscilla that great revival that Apollos was having over there, there's only about six or eight men and women in that bunch. That whole church meant six or eight. You got five or six, seven times as many here tonight as they had that. You know, Jesus only had 12 apostles. We always think it for something big, but God don't deal in them big numbers. It's in these little groups is where he gets in. Look all down through the agent. Anytime he ever met with man, it was in small groups. See, and spoke with them and ordained them. It's God's good pleasure to do that. That's the way he likes to do it. And now we just want to keep God in our midst and go do these things. Now, Sunday morning, Lord willing, I want to speak to you on evening time evangelism. And then I'll, if the Lord permits, I'll probably be leaving until late this fall and uh before I get back again. I'll probably get back sometime in around in September. And now I'm hoping, but then that everything will move wonderfully for you, brethren. and your meetings will grow and numbers and the grace of God be upon you all and until we meet and I'm trusting that you'll pray for me and the success remember it your prayers for me that means you're my colleague you're you're my buddy my helper and together we are helpers in the Lord and I when I'm standing out there before the enemy I I want to remember that faithful true soul soldiers that gets prayer answered for the sick and the afflicted and those men are praying for me. I'm the one who needs it out there. I'm really need it. So you all pray for me when you gather. Don't forget me in any meeting. Pray for me. Now in St. John the 9th chapter, I want to read from the 26th verse until the 35th. Now just for a few minutes and then we'll we'll close in the next 20 or 30 minutes or maybe before that time the Lord willing. Now I want to read these scriptures now from St. John 26 to uh St. John 10 9 uh 26-35 I've got wrote down here just something I was thinking of. Then said they unto him again what did he do to thee? How open he thine eyes? And he answered them, I have told you already, and you did not hear. Wherefore would you hear again? Will you also be his disciples? Then they reviled him and said, "Thou art his disciples, but we are Moses' disciples. We know that God spake unto Moses, but for this fellow we know not from whence he is. The man answered and said unto them, Why, herein is a marvelous thing, that you know not from whence he is, and yet he has opened mine eyes. Now we know that God heareth not sinners. But if any man be a worshshiper of God, and doeth his will, him he heareth. Since the world began, has it not heard that any man has opened the eyes of one that was born blind? If this man were not of God, he could do nothing. Then answered, they answered and said unto him, Thou was altogether born in sin, and does thou teach us? And they cast him out. And Jesus heard that they had cast him out. And when he had found him, he said unto him, thou believe on the Son of God. Now I'd like to speak just for a few minutes to you brethren knowing that my little talk here I don't know what will become of it trusting that God will use it in some way and now in this upon his word so I know that brother saint brother Neville or one of you ministers usually preach and just being here with you uh if you'll pardon me I just like to speak to you a little bit on this matter now I want to take a subject here of taking sides with Jesus. The Pharisees and leaders of his day always tried to belittle him before the people. That was just a way that the devil had a working. All the Pharisees and the teachers of his day constantly tried to belittle Jesus. They all the throw off that they could give to him, they done it. They watched him constantly to find where they could find a fault. And they never spoke of his good things. They were always finding something that they could belittle him about and say, "You see, look here. If he was a man of God, he wouldn't do it this way. Or if he was a man of God, he wouldn't do it that way." They were trying to cast the shadow upon him to get the people to disbelieve him. That's the work of the devil. And that old scheme has never ceased. There's many times that a minister will make a mistake. And if he comes into a neighborhood, a precious brother who's trying to do what's right and to lead the people right, everything that the devil can point to the unbeliever or the so-called Christian in that neighborhood to throw off on that man, he'll do it. You know, the real Christian way is to hide everything you can from a brother. Amen. Don't tell his bad things. Just tell his good things. Just tell what you know about him is good. If anything's bad, let it alone. Poor fella's got enough against him anyhow. Don't try to take a pole and shove a man further into the ditch. The Christian attitude is pick him up and take him out of the ditch. Don't never try to shove him down. He's down already. Try to help him up. And but too many of us today, too many people today, I might say, try to do that, if they could just get something another that they could say that was real bad. Now, for instance, if if one of you brethren make a mistake and do something's wrong, which you're subject to do it, I am to every one of us. But as we go along, let's remember we are brothers. We are brothers. And if we got any fighting, let's fight with one another. Bring it together. Bring it before our brethren and settle it. Now, they used to in the Brandon family, if one of the little ones done something, just go tell Bill about it cuz I was the bigot. And I had to stand there and see which was right and wrong. Well, my decision was that if they uh which one was right and wrong. If they still didn't believe it, then they got around behind my back and fought it out. But they were still brothers. You see, they'd fight in the backyard with one another and fight in the front yard for one another. So that's the way it was. See, and it we're still brothers. Well, that that's the way we we got to do this. See, and if you got something against somebody, you a brother, don't tell somebody else about it. If it's wrong, go to him and tell him. And then if he's going to argue with you, then take somebody else with you. That's right. Then bring it up the way the Bible said. But Jesus, they they just tried to find every little shadow that they could find to try to belittle him in the sight of the people. And that's what the devil wants. They want to they want to hurt your influence before the people. That's why you want to watch careful what you do. Walk like real man of God. Talk like man of God. See, act like man of God. Live like man of God. Because a devil, your adversary, is going about like a roaring lion trying to devour what he can. Why did they do this? They were jealous of him. That was what's the reason they tried to belittle him. They were jealous of his ministry. And that's the reason they were trying to belittle. But he had the ministry of God. And they knew that, but it was contrary to their creed. So they were trying to belittle him. make everything every little flaw that they could find. Get him out of the way. They wanted him to quit. They wanted the people to denounce him. They wanted to say, "Now, uh, this guy's nothing. Look here." Now, there he just he he did this and you know that's not right. We've been taught all of our life that we should believe the elders and here he just stood right there and bought that elder out. He disagreed with the tradition of the fathers and we've been we are to believe the tradition of our fathers. We've been taught that by each rabbi all the years through. And here this man comes around and disagrees with him. See, while the man like that ain't fit to be a preacher. See, they were trying to belittle him. But in all of that, the ones that believed him and loved him and had seen his scriptural miracle signs would not be hindered by them. Amen. No, sir. Them who believed him believed him. Amen. Those who loved him stood by him. They would not see what others pointed out to him. Amen. Oh, if we could do that, if we could just not see if somebody turn around here and say, "You know what? They say you're a Pentecostal, not by denomination." Well, you was the you you're the kind that baptizes in Jesus name. Yeah, that's right. Well, let me tell you something. I know a man one time was baptized like that and he did so and so, but look, he that has nothing to do with it. It's a devil trying to throw a shadow on you. They're always trying to point you to some old ship that got wrecked up on the seashore, but they're not pointing you to that one that made the void safely. That's right. That's right. They're always trying to throw a crowbait out there and say, "This is example. Here's what did it." Uh, I know a certain preacher that was a holiness preacher and he did this, that, and the other. But they don't point out others that wasn't a holiness did that also, you see. And they don't part the great things that God did. Like somebody say, "Oh, here this man went too far. He He went too far. He might have done that. He wrecked himself up. He went too far. He become a fanatic. He might have done that." But while they're pointing to how many that went one that went too far, how about these millions that never went far enough? They fail to see that. You know what I mean? So the people tried, them Pharisees and Sadducees and hypocrites and Herodians and all tried to cast the shadow on Jesus. But them true believers that was predestinated to hear that message heard it and see no fault in it at all. Amen. That's right. Same now. Those who believe him love him. Those who believe him see no fault in him. Amen. They don't see any heresy. They don't see anything wrong. They don't see anything wrong with his word. They don't see anything wrong with these people. They just see Jesus and that's all. They they're they're predestinated eternal life. So, they just take sides with Jesus and stay there. Amen. We used to write sing a little song. Brother Roy uh Roersonson, we used to sing a little song here. I guess time you come here. I take the way with the Lord's despised you. I started in with Jesus and I'm going through. I'd rather walk with Jesus alone and half are my pillow like Jacob a stone. Well, you've heard the little song. That's right. I'd rather take the way of the discard. Take the way of the despised. Take the way of the talked about and walk with Jesus. See no fault in it at all. Don't see another fell's error. Just keep on going. That's all. Now, that's the way they did to Jesus. They didn't they didn't. And you must teach your people, you pastors to do the same. And if somebody comes along and says, uh, you know, uh, your church, they were so and so, they, yes, sir, they maybe a dozen of them sitting there then. But how about that one? It's it's it's all right sitting there. See, you're you're you're you just can't see the woods for the trees. That's all. That's it. Right back again. See? Um, and so they tried, they was not willing to admit that he was doing the work of God. So they were trying to so discord and get the people not to believe, but damn people who believe him stayed right with him. They took sight. You know, I thought your a couple of people I got wrote down here. The blind man would not be changed by them. That man, he just give his sight. We know the story. And um he gave them a very stinging question beside. Now they come up there and Jesus walked by and he was a man that was despised and hated. The Bible said he would be rejected. Uh there'd be no beauty of him. We should desire him. And all we like sheep have gone astray. He's a man of sorrow, acquainted with grief. And how all the Bible said what he would be. He'd be despised and rejected. And we see that man. Now those who believe the word, they know that the very things that Jesus was doing and the things was of his life, they knew who he was. So they couldn't put nothing light on him because they couldn't see it. Amen. And you know, love is blind anyhow for them. Love covers up a multitude of sin. You know, perfect love cast out fear and sin, all discord. Love does. Now this blind man was sitting there and Jesus and his disciples come by and I think Jesus gave them a little lesson here. When they seen this poor blind man they thought well now surely there's a sin behind that somewhere. When we see something happen to a man we always say well he's sin. He got out of the will of the Lord somewhere. Brother Chris hit the post. He got out of the will of the Lord somewhere. Somebody's idea. When the gun vote up on me well is out of the will of the Lord. Brother Neville hit the car is out of the will of the Lord. That's not exactly right. No, sir. It isn't. God permits those things. Jesus turned around and taught him a lesson. They said his father must have sinned or or did his mother sin or did he sin? Jesus said neither of them sin but that the works of God might be made manifest. Amen. See, God lets things happen just to for the works of God to be made manifest. Now, and so he said, told the man, and give him his sight, and he went his way, and here come the Pharisees up and heaven was rumored around. Here was a man is blind, sitting on there begging, and here it could see, and that were rumored around among them, and oh my, that stirred up something. And here they come up there and they see that the blind man could see. And first they went wanted to find some way to put a fear upon all the people because they had already said if anybody goes after this new doctrine, this new prophet called Jesus of Nazareth, immediately they'll be handed their paper and fellowship from the church. They cannot go to the synagogue no longer. If you associate with him, attend one of his meetings or anything, you can't go no more. So they want to make a big display out of it because they hated him. They wasn't thinking of that poor blind man, but they wanted to make a big display to make the people keep away from him. They said they want to ask his father and mother. So they went and got the father and mother. They said, "Is this your son?" He said, "Yes, sir." "Was he born blind?" "Yes, sir." "And uh what means does he see?" And the father and mother was afraid, the Bible said, because they know they'd be put out of the synagogue if they admitted that it was. And see there, they was taken down. They said, "Now we know this is our son." All probably a few thousand people stand there. But if he could if them stinking Pharisees could only put a blight on his name right there or done something to scare the people that are running out of there for that meeting. See? Amen. All his influence have been lost. So they said, uh, a bunch of them come up there with their priestly garments on and they said, uh, speak for him. They said, we know this is our son. We know he was born blind. But now how he sees I don't know. You asked him. He's of age. All right. So they went over and got him. Said, "Who give you your sight? How do you heal him?" He said, "Uh, one called Jesus of Nazareth, give me my sight." And they said, "Give praise to God." Said, "Well, we know this man's a sinner." Said, "Uh," and I said, "Which is he?" He said, "I don't know. He just come by and heal me." That's all I know about. I know one thing I do know. I couldn't tell you about him being a sinner or not. I don't know. I've just met the man today. But if if he could give me my my sight, I know this one thing that where I was once blind, I can now see. I'm sure of that. Where I was blind a half hour ago. And now I got just as good a sight as any of you fell. So I know I can see. Oh, what a stinger that put on me. So they thought why he said well I said do you all want to be his disciples too that's good that's good solid testimony that that that's good that's good backgrounds that that that's really good witnessing what I think said to you all here's a lay member a blind man standing on the street after meeting Jesus now asking the disciple asking the Pharisees if they want to be his disciples the bishops head man. You want to be his disciples also? They said, "Nay, you're his disciple. We're Moses disciple." Looking way back down through history, you know, we're Moses disciples. This man, we don't know nothing about him. We don't know where he come from or we haven't got a rule of any of our schools. He ever come up. He never come and ask us about these things. We don't know nothing about it. You people out there, you realize that man's not ordained. That man's a soothsayer or something. He's beyond. You're being bewitched. Well, he doesn't have any authority. We haven't given it to him yet. See, we don't even know which this man comes from. This old boy standing there conceived said. Now, this is a marvelous thing. [Music] See, he's about to get the people beat down these Pharisees while make them afraid. See, but he had done sides with Jesus. So he said uh this is a marvelous thing. Let me break it down. Some of the words he might have said. Now you fellas around here has been running all the religious end of this for hundreds of years and uh you speak of a coming Messiah and something is going to take place just in the shadows of time when the deliverer is coming to see us. And you tell us that when he comes that that what all he's going to do in here. You the spiritual leaders, the high priest and priest of this community, standing here together before these people trying to blacken his name, trying to say something evil against him. And the man come and open my blinded eye. I was born blind. Here's my father and mother giving witness that I was born blind. Been sitting right here among you for all these years. Born blind. And that has never happened since the world began. Amen. And here a man can come and perform a miracle that hasn't been done since the world began. And you the spiritual leaders and don't know nothing about it. Amen. Now I say this is a marvelous thing. You tuck sides with Jesus. See, he was permitted to be blind so the works of God could be manifested. Amen. See, cuz he come on the side of the Lord Jesus. He took sides with him. Now he put a stinger to him. You know what they did? They said, "Now we know you were born in sin trying to teach us." And shoved him out of the church. Knocked him out, pushed him out, throw him out. But as soon as he was thrown out, did you notice Jesus found him again? Amen. Amen. Jesus found him again. So don't worry if they throw you out, you'll find you again. All right. And he said to him, "Does thou believe on the son of God?" He said, "Lord, who is he?" He didn't even know. But the only thing that he knew that where he was blind, he could then see. I know this one thing, brother. They might call this fanaticism and whatever they want to, but I was once the sinner. I've come into grace now. Something's happened to me. See, this one day I I now know by trusting his word, by believing him, I've been kicked out of every organization under the face of heaven. There's none of them that will receive me anymore. You know that some of their man will out here. Good man will accept. But every organization is thumbs down on me. That's right. But he's found me. You find me somewhere. That's right. That's right. Come along like that. And um so it'll be all right because we want to take sides with Jesus. And the only way you can take sides with Jesus is taking sides on what he said, believing his word. So let's take sides with him. The blind man gave him a real testimony. All right. We find again that they tried to blight his name just for a little bit. And um I've got to skip over some things here. So um one time there's a Pharisee. I preached on it here some time ago and called it washing Jesus' feet. I believe you all heard me preach on that here when a Pharisee asked Jesus to come down to his house, a big old stiff starched Pharisee and asked him to come. And you gave it a little drama how the courier come and found him and he come on down. Yet he knowed he was hated yet he went anyhow. And when they got him in there, they never washed his feet. Let him sit down there stinking and everything else to the toil of the road. And there he sat there and a little woman come in. They thought, "Oh my, the Lord is good to us because look, this just brings our big party." They brought him there just to make fun out of him. They brought him there just to have some fun from him. And now they thought the Lord was working right with them because that this ill famed prostitute woman come over and was crying and washing his feet with her tears and wiping with his hair and old Pharisee and all the rest of priest stand over the corner that brother everything the Lord set it up just exactly for us here. We can put a smear on his name right now. He calls himself a prophet and the people think that he's a prophet and they call him the Galilean prophet and he even claims to be the Messiah and we know Messiah will be a prophet. And here he is sitting back there. You see where we brought him? Look at there. Boy, we got him fixed right now. There he is sitting back there stooped down like a whipped out puppy or something back there. And some prostitute of his own class would come around and wash his feet like that. And now he don't even know if he's a prophet. He know what kind of a woman that was. Now boys will drink on this one. That because look at see anything to bl his name. Anything to ruin the confidence of the people. Amen. Not knowing that they were possessed of the devil to do that. Amen. Mark that down there, brethren. We'll stop at paragraph 175. Musicians, if you'll come. Uh this being a Wednesday night there. I didn't want to be holding you longer. We got families and got children need to get home. Different ones of you have traveled a long ways. Brother Stephen just come from Australia. You came in today this morning. God bless you. And you're here tonight. God bless you. Different ones. You all been traveling everything. You see how Brother Brandham when you go back here and you just listen to this. Brother Brandham says, "Now look, I don't know where what I'm going to do. I don't know where I'm going." He said, 'I just got to do something. He's in that transition period. He's being very transparent. He says, u now, I'd like to have some of you young ministers that have been taught in the message that when I go out and I have all these people, and he talks about India, and he said, we get done with these people, we've got thousands of converts, where do we send them? He said within a couple weeks they go filter right off back into that same thing. He said I'd love to be able to have some that are trained. He said that we could have little outposts over here and there in this country. I think we have failed that brethren in many ways because nowadays you find that there's very few that are willing to go out even into the mission field and go out there and glean the harvest, find that last predestinated seed. And even when you go and you you get new converts, where do you send them? Now, we know that there the message is gone pretty much all over the world, but wouldn't it be nice if there was a new group of believers and we had a couple brothers here and said, "Hey, we're going to send you over there for next 6 months." Would you be willing to go? Would you leave your work, go over there in the mission field? It cost you. It does. It cost you. You're not going to be rich doing missionary work. But God is a provider, isn't he? Amen. God always provides. Brother Bram says, "You think that because I'm a prophet or man of God, I see it in visions." He said, "God makes me sweat it out just like he does with you." Says, "You think that God tells me everything?" He's telling you, he's being so transparent. I don't know what I'm going to do. I don't know where I'm going. He says, "I'm just like Abraham." Where you going, Abraham? I don't know. I'm seeking a city whose builder and maker is God. [Music] He said, "These tapes will fall into the hands of every predestinated seed." Now, understand these tapes don't have legs. The ministry does. Amen. And the word is carried over the hearts of the ministry. They go out and preach and then people say, "Where in the world did you get this doctrine?" I've never heard anybody preach like this. You say, "Well, we believe God sent a prophet." Hand him a tape, a book, something. Huh? He said, "These tapes will fall into the hands of every predestinated seat." So, we just believe that. And how do how many times brother Brenam said, "Now look, we Brennhams, we fight in the backyard like a bunch of pet dogs." He said, 'But you know what he and then he said, 'You got to disagreement while we Brandons, we get together. He said, 'You can't work it out. Get out there and duke it out. Get in the backyard. He said, but then when we get in the front yard, we're brands. Amen. Now, I think that that's the way it ought to be that if we got a disagreement with somebody, hey, get there and work it out. One thing that I'm seeing right now around the world is we're seeing a lot of the ministries are coming to a maturity and they're not they're not trying to dysfellowship because you don't see it just exactly the way they see it. Their churches is sovereign. It does it this way. Whatever the way they worship, anything. And you know, uh, I think that we've been just a little bit too hard. We as the ministers, well, if you don't see it this way, then I don't fellowship with you. Well, that's nonsense. God help us. Amen. That we might realize that this word of God has come together to unite us together. Amen. A nickel spirit. What does that do? Divide and conquer. Yes, sir. So, God, help us to be united. Thank you saints. God bless you for coming here. Lord willing you be praying for me. Lord willing I will be ministering on this Sunday. So be praying for us. Uh that God would just come in here and stir us up. Amen. You know what? I'm wanting to see a real Holy Ghost move among us. Not that God's not moving all the time. Every Sunday the word of God goes forth supernatural. People get a word this and that. But I'm talking about something that just shakes us up. Amen. Amen. I'm really desiring to see us get that much closer to God. Let's stand together. God bless you all. I'll let you know when we're going to try to finish up this tape here. And appreciate the brethren getting there. Don't you enjoy listening to the prophet him explaining these things? God help us. He says, he said, "If you got an issue with this, go back and listen to the tape." He said, "This how I'm telling you that you ought to do it." Amen. God bless you. What's the name of this song here that they're singing? 10,000. All right. Go ahead and let's let's sing it here. The sun comes up. It's a new day, dawning. It's time to sing your song again. Whatever may pass and whatever lies before me. Let me be singing when the evening comes. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, oh my soul. Worship his holy name and sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. You're rich in love. You're rich in love. And you're slow to anger. Your name is great and your heart is kind. For all your goodness I will keep on singing. Ooh. 10,000 reasons for my heart to find. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul. Worship his holy name and sing like never before. [Music] Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. And on that day when my strength is failing, the ending draws near and my time has come. Oh, still my soul will sing your praise unending. [Music] 10,000 years and then forever more. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I'll worship his holy name and sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship his home. Sing it one more time. The chorus. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I'll worship his holy name and sing like never before. Oh my soul, I'll worship your holy name. Amen. Brother Freddy, would you close the service in a word of prayer? Shall we bow our heads and our hearts at the same time? Our precious and heavenly father, it was good indeed to be in your presence this evening. Oh God, if it was given a chance to these mortal bodies, we would have been somewhere else. but because of your guidance because of your Holy Spirit, you have guided us to be on this place at this very moment. Thank you, Lord. Like the David of the old said, I'm happy when they tell me to go to the temple of the Lord. Father, we are blessed people. We heard from the maf of God, the prophet of this end time. Father, may you bless our souls. May you keep us, oh God, united, humble under the leadership of the Holy Spirit. May you bless each and every one of us, oh father. Keep us humble and keep us, oh God, safe under this message. Oh father, seeing the lateness of the hour, how people are walking away from the message, things happening left and right. Oh father, this is a very critical time. Give us a holy spirit and the spirit that can keep us humble. Keep us walking on the right pathway. Oh God. He behooves your Holy Spirit. He behooves your guidance. Oh father, for us to walk, oh God, straight, oh Jesus. Be merciful unto us, oh God. Forgive our shortcomings and everything, oh God, that we have done that is not of your word. Oh Jesus, bless us as a congregation. Bless your servant, our pastor. as he came back oh father from a trip he didn't come he didn't go oh god to spend his time in vain but he went to feed the souls oh Jesus brother Stephen and all the brothers that have traveled and some still out oh God may you bless them oh Jesus bring us back here safely on Sunday as we'll be oh God listening to your word again may you keep us safely as we journeying going back to our homes being separated temporarily oh God not from your presence oh Jesus May you be glorified by anything that we'll be doing. And oh Jesus, may you get glory out of our lives. Oh Jesus. We ask all of this in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Can't you see why I'm so happy? Can't you see? Can't you see why I'm so happy? For I've accepted the word of the Lord. It's the same word that was spoken [Music] by the prophet of Malachi 4. Oh, can't you see why I'm so happy? For I've accepted the word of the Lord. [Music] And it's the same word that was spoken [Music] by the prophet of Malachi for amen. [Music] Happy birthday. [Music] Hello. [Music] It's coming down. [Music] Are you [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music]
