################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-09 - Recognizing The Change of Administration At The Endtime Pt.5  - Bro Ron Peterson - Ron Peterson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-09
Title:   Recognizing The Change of Administration At The Endtime Pt.5  - Bro Ron Peterson
Speaker: Ron Peterson
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jJduHG42Kxg
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Dancing. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] It's fine. [Music] Little [Music] [Music] I love you. [Music] [Music] glorify your name. Let's stand this morning as we worship him. And there's no other name I know. I'll tell it. Tell it wherever I go. I came to glorify. Glorify. Let's glorify him this morning. He's worthy to be glorified. I just came to glorify glorify your name. I just came to glorify glorify your name. And there's no other name but no I'll tell it. Tell it where I go. I came to glorify. Glory. Let's sing it again. He's worthy to be praised. Worthy to be adored. I just came to glorify. I'll glorify your name. Oh, I just came to glorify glorify your name. And they thank you. Their name I know. I'll tell it. I'll tell it where I go. glorify glorify your name. It's why we're here. We're not here to be seen or heard, but we're here to glorify him. Have him come feed us the word of life this morning. Amen. Do you love the Lord? Can you say amen? Amen. More than ever before, Lord, I love you more than ever before. I need you this morning. Amen. more than ever before. Lord, I love you more than ever before. Lord, I need you more than ever before. For I've got to tell you, I love you now more than [Applause] [Music] ever before. [Music] Morito. [Music] [Applause] O gear [Applause] [Music] desert more than ever before. Do you need him this morning? more than ever before. Lord, I love [Music] you and more than ever before, Lord. We do. Yes, we do. more than ever before. I've got to tell you, oh, I will now more than ever. Amen. Want to remember our prayer requests this morning. And if you got a need upon your heart, we'll just ask the Lord to come by in a special way to touch the needs today. want to continue to remember sister Carolyn Hunt as she recovers from her surgery this past week. Uh we also brother uh Oliver says please pray for brother Oliver and his family. They're going to go to Italy for 3 weeks. So let's remember them as they travel. We have several other a lot of families traveling right now due to the summer months. May the Lord keep all of our saints safe in his hands as they travel abroad and here in the US. Please pray for Austin Dubsky. Brother Austin is at home with bronchitis and a sinus infection. So, let's remember Austin. The Lord would touch him. I want to remember brother Shawn and Sister Janet Garvey as they're still in Washington taking care of uh brother Shawn's brother's items that they need to do to sell us house and come down. They've been away for a while taking care of things. Let's remember the Garveys today. The Lord will touch them. Sister Linda Laauo says, "Please keep me in prayer. I have an eye surgery uh tomorrow." So, let's remember Sister Linda. the Lord will be with her. Sister Veronica says, "I'm having a surgery this coming Tuesday. Please pray that the Lord will be my with my surgeon and he's my God is my healer." So, let's remember her for her need this morning. Uh Sister Gracia Castor says, "Please pray for Gabriel Fosio. Uh last Monday, the doctor said that he is brain dead." So, let's remember her need here this morning. The Lord will come on the scene in a mighty way and comfort those hearts. uh Sister Josephine Chua, her brother Roberto Guerrera, who is suffering from active tuberculosis and severe arthritis. She is asking that God activate his faith to believe what God has already done. May the healing power come to those that who believe in him. So, let's remember her brother this morning. The Lord would touch them in a mighty way. Sister Robbie Lynn Sanders and Brother Clint, they're faithful streamers with the Deckers. Sister C sister Camille Decker this morning a request for her. The doctor says that she has lost 90% of her eyesight due to glaucoma. We serve a miraculous God. Please believe with us for a complete healing. So may the Lord touch her in a mighty way this morning as she streams. And may the Lord just We have several that need surgery this week. May the great surgeon Jesus Christ come on the scene and touch them in a mighty way. Do you have a need today? The awesome thing about it, he can touch every one of our needs at the same time. Let's sing it again. More than ever before. More than ever before. Brother Sergio, if you'll come pray. more than ever before. Lord, I love you and more than ever before. Lord, I need you and more than [Applause] ever before. Got to tell you I love you now more than ever before. Let us pray. Lord, we here once again, Father, and your presence, Father, Lord Jesus. We ask you, Lord, for all those needs. We are needed people father. But the good thing is father we we have a confidence in you father that whenever we need something lord we always come to you father knowing your supplies or our needs father. Thank you father once again lord Jesus for the opportunity given us father to be here lord to fellowship fellowship with you father in your word father. We pray for all those needs once again Lord Father be with every one of them Lord we with our families Lord whatever they are Lord Jesus thank you father for all you done for us Lord thank you for the life that you given us father we pray all these needs Lord Father we love you father we ask this in the name of Jesus Christ amen amen why don't you shake your neighbor's hand tell them God bless you welcome to the house of the Lord today amen Amen. We have several guests and visitors here today. We want to welcome you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. It's good to have brother Mark and Sister Anne Paige here with us today. Amen. Also, we have Jonathan Ashfield, Ray BBE, and Heather Ashfield. We want to welcome them here today. God bless them today. Uh Ben and Lorie Lds, good to have you here today. And um if you're visiting today, we welcome you in the name of the Lord Jesus. I got a river of life flowing out from me. Amen. Amen. Makes the lame to walk, the blind to see. Those promises are still being answered today. He y he heals the lame. Amen. You got a need, reach into that river today. Oh, there's a river of life flowing out from you. Makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. Opens prison door. It's a captive tree. The river of life blowing out of me. Bring up a well within my soul. Bring up a well and make me whole. Bring up a well. Give to me that life abundantly. There's a river of life flowing out from me. Makes the lame to walk and the blind to see and opens prison doors. Sets the captives free. There's a river of life flowing out of me. Bring up a [Music] well. Spring up a well. Spring up a well and give to me that life [Music] [Applause] abundantly. Amen. And that's a promise for you and I this morning. Greater is he that's in me than he that's in the world. Let's sing that. We'll start with verse one this morning. Do you believe this scripture? It's written for you and I. Greater is he that's within me than he that's in the world. Oh, Satan's like a roaring lion zooming to and fro and seeking whom he may defy. The Bible tells me so. And many souls have been his prayer fall some weak hour. But God had promise us today his overwhelming power. Oh greater is he that is in me. Oh greater is he that is in me and greater is he that is in me. He that is in the world. And on the day of Pentecost, mighty wind, it blew into the upper room and baptized all within. And with were greater than any earthly fool. I'm so glad I've got it, too. And I'm going to let the whole world know. So greater is he. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he me than he that is in the world. The chorus again. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he than me. a greater is she than he that is in the [Music] world. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Oh, he's a lie of the valley. And he's the bright and morning star. And he's the fairest of 10,000. Everybody ought to know the course again. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Next verse. On the cross, he died for sinners. And his blood makes me white as snow. the living coming savior and he's the one you ought to know. I believe that this morning everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Are you glad you know him this [Music] morning? I got a revelation of predestination. Amen. Do you have that revelation this morning? Amen. I Amen. Oh, I got a [Music] revelation of predestination. I got a revelation. God is my father. And he tells me where I came from. It tells me where I'm going. And the gates of hell can never prevent again. Sing it if you believe it this morning. I've got a revelation, a predestination. I've got a revelation. God is my father and he tells me [Music] where tells me where I'm going. And the gates of hell can never be there again. What a mighty God and what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, angels bow before him. Oh, heaven and earth adore him. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Jesus is the God. Is the God we serve. Oh Jesus is the God we serve. Angels bore him. Heaven and earth adore him. Jesus is the God we serve. What a mighty God. What a mighty God we serve. Oh what a mighty God we serve. All my host of course sing loud. All my hope is in Jesus. Thank God my yesterday's gone. Oh, all my sins are forgiven. Amen. I be washed in the blood. All my hope this morning. All my hope be. Yes, it is. Yes, it is. Yesterday gone. Oh, all my sins are forgiven for I. Is that your declaration? Lift your hand and sing. All my hope is hallelujah. Hallelujah. And my yesterday's gone. All my Jesus forgive him. Thank God be washed by the blood. Give him praise this morning. Amen. Justin has a song for us this morning. If you'll get ready to sing for us this morning, Justin's going to sing and also Sister Zoe is going to sing for us right after him. So, I appreciate our song specials today. Amen. Thank the Lord for his his presence here in our midst today. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you. Is all your hope in Jesus this morning? [Music] Without him, it's just the truth. That's what this song is about. Where would I be? He only knows. But I'm glad he saw through a bunch of just stuff that I couldn't see through. And now he sees something that he could redeem by amazing grace. And I just hope this song is a blessing to you. Where would I be? Lord, you only [Music] know. I'm glad you [Music] see through eyes of love. I was a hopeless case, [Music] an empty space. If not for grace, where would I be? Lord, you only know. I'm glad you see. Oh, through eyes of love. A hopeless case, an empty space. Oh, if not for grace. If you know the song, sing it. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. Oh, how sweet the sound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. A homeless case, an empty space. Oh, with not for grace, amazing grace. Oh, amazing grace. For how sweet the sound. I once was lost, but I'm so glad, Lord, I'm found. I was a hopeless case, an empty space. If not for grace, where would I be? Lord, you only know. I'm so glad you seen through eyes love. I was a hopeless case, Lord. an empty space. If not for grace, I was a hopeless case. Yes, just an empty space. Lord, if not for grace. Beautiful. Beautiful. I hope this song is a blessing. If you happen to know it, please sing along. [Music] Sometimes I [Music] fall to my knees and pray. Come Jesus, come. Let be the [Music] day. And sometimes I [Music] feel like I'm going to break. But I'm holding [Music] on to a hope that won't fade. So come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return to heal every hurt and write every [Music] wrong. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. Deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus [Music] come. Come Jesus come. There'll be no war. There'll be no chains. When Jesus comes, let day be the day. And he'll come for the weak and the strong just the [Music] same. And all will believe in the power of his name. [Music] Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return to heal every hurt and write every [Music] wrong. We need you right now. Come and turn us around. Deep down I know world isn't home. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. One day he'll come and we'll stand face to face. Come and lay it all down. Cuz today might be the [Music] day. The time is right now. There's no reason to wait. change. Your past will be washed by the rivers of grace. Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return. to heal every hurt and write every wrong. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. Deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus, come. Come Jesus [Music] come. Come Jesus [Music] come. Oh come Jesus [Music] come. Thank you Sister Zoe. What a beautiful song specials that we had this morning. Let's stand this morning just to be close to you. Just to be close to you, Jesus. That's our prayer as brother Ron comes this morning. Key of F just to be close to you. May this be our prayer just to be close to him. Amen. Held in the palm of his hand. Just to be close to [Music] you. Just to be close to you. Just to be close to you is my desire. Sing. Just to be close to you. Oh, just to be close to you. Oh, just to be close to you is my desire. Just you and him this morning just to be close to you. He holds you and he carries you close to you. Just to be close to you is fine. Is that your prayer? If it is, lift your hand and sing. Just to be close to you. Just to be close to you. Oh, just to be close to you is my desire. [Music] Yes. Our prayer [Music] today just to be close to you. [Music] Just to be close to you, [Music] just to be close to you is my desire. One more time. Just to be close to you. Hallelujah. Be close to you. Yes, Lord. Yes. Just to be close to you is my desire. Amen. Heavenly Father, that is truly our desire. Yes, Lord. But if we desire to be close to you, how much more do you desire to be close to us? Thank you. And you told us that if we would make a move towards you, we're making that right now. Yes, Lord. We're coming before your throne. We're confessing our faults and our failures, but we're believing your word that you have made us more than overcomers. Thank you, Lord. We come with the shed blood upon us. Uh the token applied, Father. Therefore, we can come boldly before your throne. So now we come, Father, and we ask, believing, come and take thy word, oh God. Open the eyes of our understanding. Let the quickening power of the Holy Spirit be with us this day. Oh God, we commit the service into thy hands. Bless each and everyone that is here. We ask for your glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Be seated for a moment, please. We have some church business here to attend to. Brother Ben and Sister Lori. God bless you. Hey, come up here and bless me, man. Come here. Yeah. Brother Ben, come on up here, man. Shake my hand. I don't get to shake your hand. I I see you come to church and then I don't get to shake your hand, so I want a blessing. If you've been in that honeypot lately, then you can rub some of that. What's the matter? There you go. These guys take care of me. I tell you, I'm glad somebody be nice to be nice to your kids. They're going to choose your the home you go to. Ben, God bless you. Hey, we love you. I'm I'm happy to see you here. It's a it's a blessing. Say hello to the people, man. Come on. Good morning, y'all. Uh it's good to be back to like uh Aaron said, the the father of our faith. We were in Idaho and came from a church that was a mess and we came here to a family. Oh, and brother Chad sends his greetings. He was blown away at the reception that he got when he came here. He's like, "Boy, those people really pull." He's like, "It was so easy. I just walked out." He's like, "These people were so hungry." So, it it's been a blessing to be at Brother Chad's church, but there's something about was it I don't know if it was the prophet said, you know, it's nice to meet new people and meet new friends, but there's something about coming back to old friends. So, we are just so blessed to be here. We'll leave it tomorrow. But it was a blessing to be in the service on Wednesday to hear, brother Ward. And I got to see you. And then you went with brother uh I forgot his name, our color brother that went back. I'm like, you know what? They they seem like they might be busy. So, um but I knew that when I would get to see you today, I'm like, well, brother Ron better be preaching on Sunday. So, I came here. It was because of you probably. Yes. Well, hey, I'll take it. You know, whatever it takes for us to cope. God bless you, man. Bless you, brother, my friend. Love and greetings back to brother Chad. Yes, I will. Everybody back there, Erin and Naomi, tell everybody we said hello. Okay. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. Give him a hand. It's good to have them back here with us. Praise the Lord. Um, listen, we have uh a family that is going to be moving to Belgium. Brother Glenn Vancouga um and his wife, Sister Rachel, Levi, and Luke. and they're going to be moving back to Belgium. So, I'd like them to come. And Stephen, Kelly, you guys come on up here also. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Don't shake your head there. Yeah. You You come up here. We're family. Um, and uh, I've known the Kruga family for quite some time. I knew the former pastor, brother Armen Van Hayes, and then I knew Brother Von Kung Vuruga. [Music] And I've watched over the years, it was many years ago. Come on up here. A little closer. A little closer. Um, and so we've known the family and the church over there for quite some time. Of course, now he came and stole one of our Yeah, he did. He came over and stole you. Yeah. I just I forgive him, you know. I asked her father. But you you did. Yeah. Well, the Lord bless you. And so now you guys are are leaving to go back to Belgium. When are you leaving? It will be in a week. In one week. Yeah. And so you're going over there and you're going to help your father with his work and get right back into that. And Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, come up here and say a little something to the people. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I I I just thought what what would I say, but I I think the only thing I could say is thank you cuz uh Rachel has been part of of the family and yeah, um she Yeah, it's such a strength to her always to to hear you even from Belgium and she's she will still feel a part. And for me also, I I really feel part of you all. And just the little smiles and the the little talks you have after church and the ministry, it it it does a lot especially in these times to encourage each other and and just to walk together and we know we'll always be part of each other. So that's right. Yeah. Uh I'm just thankful for yeah everything the Lord does through everyone and through Bon and every one of you guys and uh I know he takes care of us where wherever we go but yes it wasn't easy but we know the Lord has his plan. I believe that the will of God will never take you where the grace of God cannot keep you. Amen. And so we're going to pray over them and they're going to go with our blessings. And uh though they will be absent from our presence, they won't be absent from our hearts. Yeah. So we're we're happy for you. We are. come back and see us every other month. And I know you guys will probably save up some money because you know you'll be visiting and spending some time with them. So let's just get together. Brother Stephen here, excuse my back to the congregation. I'm sorry. our kind heavenly father. As I put my arms around this family, Lord, this family that we love and that they have come here and sojourned with us for a season. But now, Father, you have seen fit for them to go back to his home country, to his people, his language. and Sister Rachel, she's going over, but she is a type even as Ruth said, "Your people will be my people." Your family, my family. So, Father, I I uh send them with a blessing. They will leave from our presence, but not our hearts. And so, Father, we pray over them and I ask you to bless their lives, watch over them, keep them safe, and Father, may they flourish in the word at Brother David Iverson's church and with the family there. I just pray uh multitudes of blessings be upon them and we send them, Father, with not a goodbye, but until we meet again. So, Father, I pray watch over them. We place them into thy hands. There is no better place than in thy hands. Keep them I pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hey, God bless you. God bless you. He loves his Stephen. God bless you. He loves his prophet. Yeah, he does. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Yes. Yeah. And um you know we just had our camp and um we had a very blessed time this year. We always do. God is unique in every camp and his presence came and was there with us. And um we had two camp speakers that we had invited and brother Matt McGary and uh he came and brother Steve Coffee and you have two kind of opposite ends of the spectrum as far as ministries. You have a little lively fireball Matt McGary. Hallelujah. Praise God. His voice raises up. Then you have Steve Coffee who's a pastor. He's a teacher. and he just stands there and you know every other sentence is a golden nugget and if you're trying to take notes uh he goes and you just you know but it was a blessed time and it was a good balance it was a very good balance to have that those type ministries and it's good for you to see the different types of ministries because the Bible says that God has many diversities of gifts but one spirit diversity iversities of ministries and yet one spirit, right? And so we thank God for that. I thank God not everybody's like me. How dull the world would be if everybody preached and acted like me. Nobody said amen. Well, that's okay. I can say it. Sometimes I don't like myself, so it's okay. Anyway, we uh we had a lovely time this year and uh uh I have a few pictures, but before I do, I Yeah, take that back down again. So, everybody, I want their attention. I'm sorry. Um and we had so many workers, so many helpers. Um, all of those that helped, the technicians, the musicians, the counselors, the people, the ones who the young couples that came and every one of you that had a portion or a part to play at camp. I thought I'd have you come up here, but it would take too much time, so I'm not going to do that. But I'm going to have you stand up. If you were a part of our camp this year, whether counselor or organizer, musician, whatever, stand up. Stand up. Come on. Yeah. God bless you. God bless you. My I'm just so proud of them. They all did such a a a tremendous job. I've got a few photos. The camp was excellent. The um sanctuary there, the chapel, you can see we went came out in front of it. The chapel's very nice. That's an exterior view. And uh there I think they took it with one of those drones. So yeah, there you go. Amen. That was uh was very nice. We had our morning devotions. Uh you know, I tried to pass that off and and say that I wanted to retire this year, but they wouldn't let me do it. So at mornings at 700 a.m., we got up and had a little Bible study. And and that's me there in front of the people. And that was outside in a little amphitheater. So that was a nice time. We just had a blessed time there. Uh brother Steve Coffee there as uh he said, "Brother Ron, do I have to wear a tie?" I said, "No, he did the first night, but then after he took it off and uh just got real comfortable." There's our brother Steven McNeely did a tremendous job of kind of orchestrating the whole thing and getting up making announcements. There's brother Matt McGary. Steve Coffee again I think that is yeah and then they had uh because the camp is so spread apart it's the campus itself is quite large so in order to go from the girls dormatory all the way to the sanctuary or to uh where we had our food at the uh cafeteria it was quite a walk. So, we uh had a truck with a trailer and hay bales and they all jumped on and got rides or they walked or whatever. So, this just a picture of that. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Listen, I'm going to do something different. That group that came up there and said, "It ain't over yet." I want you to get back up here. This was a great blessing. Go ahead and turn it on. to the questions, the fears and lies. Somebody here is desperate for freedom from the past, the chains, and the last. Feeling like you've wasted so much time. Want to move ahead, but you're still last in life. Feel like you're running will never end. And you will never win. See, I don't know who sold you. You could not make it. I don't know who sold you. You cannot take it. I don't know. It's time that you quit. My thoughts is wait a year. Somebody here needs an answer to the questions, the fears, and the wise. Somebody here is desperate for freedom. Amen. from the past, the chains, and the [Music] last. Feel like you wasted so much time. Want to move ahead, but you're still lasting. Feel like you're running will never end. And it will never win. But I don't know who told you you would not make it. I don't know who told you you could not take it. I don't know who told you that if that you quit. It ain't over yet. I don't know who told you that we're not making it. I don't know who told you you were not taking it. I don't know who told you. It's time that you quit. It ain't over yet. It ain't over yet. Over till I say it's over. When I ain't over yet. [Music] over again. It ain't over yet. [Music] And I say that this thing it ain't over yet. over. [Music] Say that this thing it ain't over yet. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We ain't over yet. And I'm going to have you sing that again. But I'm going to have all of you that agree with them. I want you to come up here and I want you to join the chorus. I want you to come up here. Come on up here. Yeah, you guys. Cuz listen, it ain't over. It ain't over yet. There's still time. There's still God is still working on hearts. It ain't over till I said it's [Music] over. It ain't over yet. [Music] over. It ain't over yet. It ain't over till I say it's over. And I say that this day, it ain't over yet. Amen. Hallelujah. I don't know who told you you ain't going to make it. I don't know who told you you can't take it. But I do know this. It ain't over yet. And all that are ordained to make it will make it. And all that the Father hath given me will come. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand together. Let's sing only believe. Yes. Only believe. Only believe. [Music] All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Let's sing. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. That's what we do. Believers believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Let's bow our heads now. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, we approach thee. We would ask, Father, as we lay our gifts at your feet now, humble ourselves and we realize, Father, without your grace, your mercy, we would not make it. That's right. But because grace has provided a way. And for by faith are we saved. By [Music] grace, it is a gift of God. It is not of our works, lest any man should boast. So, Father, we thank you. We love you this morning. We are humbled by your presence. I thank you for so many coming out this morning, this resurrection morning, Sunday, to come and to worship together, asking you to take now this your word. Anoint it to our understanding, Father. For we know it's a mystery book. It is not open to everyone. Not everyone that reads these holy scriptures will see the God of the scriptures. Not everyone that has understanding and goes to seminary and maybe study verse with verse. And though that be good, but except there come a revelation of the Holy Spirit who authored that word to come into it and quicken it, it remains a dead letter. Therefore, Father, may there be a quickening power of the Holy Spirit this morning coming upon each and everyone, Father. Open our eyes of understanding that we can see you, Lord. Because when we would see Jesus, then all things, Father, are made new. Father, I thank you. I pray that you will bless each and every one that is here now. Father, as I yield myself as the best to my knowledge and the way that I can to humble myself before you, use the gift that you placed inside of me knowing it's nothing of myself. It's a gift of God. I humble myself before you and before your people. And I pray use this for the glory of thy kingdom. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you musicians. God bless you. Each and every one of you enjoyed the song specials today. Praise the Lord. Uh I certainly always encourage song specials. I believe it helps sets the atmosphere. Amen. Turn with me if you would to the book of St. John chapter 16. St. John chapter 16 7-16. St. John 16 and verse 7. If you're there, say, "Amen." Amen. The rest of you, hurry up. John 16:7. Nevertheless, I tell you the truth, it is expedient for you that I go away. For if I go not away, the comforter will not come unto you. But if I depart, I will send him unto you. And when he is come, he will reprove the world of sin and of righteousness and of judgment. Of sin because they believe not on me. And of righteousness because I go to my father and ye see me no more. And of judgment because the prince of this world is judged. I have yet many things to say unto you, but seeing you cannot bear them now. Somebody say now. Now. So, there was a time while Jesus was speaking these things that their minds were not fruitful in the understanding of what God was doing then. Amen. There is an appointed time. There is a time. There is a season in which the word of God is quickened to the believer. Yes, sir. That's right. So he says here uh you cannot bear them now. How be it when the spirit of truth is come he will guide you into all truth for he shall not speak of himself but he speaketh that shall he speak and he shall show you things to come. Notice when he comes, he's not going to speak of himself. He's going to show you. He's going to reveal things to you. He's going to unveil things that are to come. And she he he shall glorify me. For he shall receive of mine and shall show it unto you. Again, notice he's showing things to come. He's going to show it to you. Somebody say, "That's me." That's amazing. And all those and all the things the father all things that the father hath are mine. Therefore said I that he shall take of mine and shall show it unto you. A little while and ye shall not see me. and again a little while and you shall see me because I go to the father. Amen. So as we read these scriptures, Jesus is making them acutely aware. There's coming a time that you're going to catch the things that I've spoken to you now, but it's a delayed reaction. Amen. Some of you have to grow in your maturity in Christ because when you're a child, you think as a child, you speak as a child. But when you become a man, you put away childish things. So, we're speaking of maturity and we're talking about that the Lord Jesus is preparing them to have a change of ministry. Look, I've got to go away. I've got to depart. If I don't depart, the comforter can't come. There cannot be a change of administration. Do you are you are you catching this in scripture? All right. Turn with me now to Acts chapter 1. Understand that God is just changing his mask. It's the same God in another vessel. Amen. the same message just a new administration. How many know that today is actually called around the world the day of Pentecost? 50 year 50 days from the time of the resurrection is Pentecost. So today around the world in many other parts of the world they celebrate the time of Pentecost as much as they do Easter and the resurrection and all of that. And so today is a time of Pentecost 50 days from the time of the resurrection. and watch God's changing the administration. He said, "I've got to go away. And if I don't go away, the comforter can't come." Now, Jesus had told his disciples, "Not many days hence and you shall receive power. Go into Jerusalem and tarry there until See, sometimes God doesn't tell you everything. He just says go or to terry or whatever because God brings his word to pass in season. Amen. So Acts chapter 1 verse one the former treatise have I made. Oh theophilos of all that Jesus began both to do and to teach. He began. He didn't finish it. Amen. Reminding you that the Lord Jesus had began a work. But he said, "The works that I do shall you do also." Amen. Brother Brennham said Jesus did not fulfill all of his ministry when he was here on earth. But he's left it for another portion of himself to complete it. Amen. Because she She will be him. That's right. Do you see? And the final voice was not Revelations 10:7. That's right. Revelations 10:7 was the quickening voice to us that heard the mysteries being made known. And we begin to catch something that we're a part of. and it's quickened unto us. But then John, take the book. I don't want you to just talk about it. Take it. Eat it. It's spiritual food in due season. And when you when you eat it, it assimilates into your body and you become a part of it. That's right. Where is the book now? In me. What is it? It's the word of life. Amen. He began to do and to teach until the day in which he was taken up after that he through the Holy Ghost had given commandments under the apostles whom he had chosen. So not everybody's getting it. Just to the apostles whom he had chosen, to whom also he showed himself alive after his passion by many infallible proofs, being seen of them 40 days, and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God. In fact, that is the scripture where the prophet of God said, notice, he was seen among the disciples by many infallible proofs. And so after that first resurrection, Christ came and made himself known only to the elect. Amen. He didn't go back to the synagogue. Didn't go to Caiaphas. He didn't go to anyone else. But now he reveals himself. I will make known unto you. I will show you things to come. Thank you, Lord. being seen of them 40 days. In fact, Brother Bram said once the rapture actually takes place and the dead in Christ shall rise, he said we'll be gathered together here on this earth for about 30 to 40 days. But the rest of the world isn't going to see it. That's right. Amen. That's right. Amen. Why will God allow us to meet for 30 to 40 days before we actually ascend up in on high or into the clouds in the air to go meet him? Because he wants all of your attention that when he comes there won't anybody of you be rubbernecking and being distracted. Oh, did Ron make it? Did Robert make it? It won't be, "Oh, who's here? Let's look." No. All of that's over. Amen. We'll have done shook hands. We'll have said, "Praise God." We'll have all said, "Praise God." Then we're going to go to meet him in the air. Hallelujah. All right. and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God. And being assembled together with them, commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the father. What is the promise of the father? Holy Spirit. Amen. I want you to wait for the promise. For this promise is given unto you, which saith he, you have heard of me. For John truly baptized you with water, but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days then. So there is a baptism of water unto repentance. That's okay. That's good. That's a beginning. Repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and you shall receive another baptism. That's right. What is that? That's the Holy Ghost. So one leads you one's just of water. So there are many people can get just baptized in water and they go no further. For John truly baptized with water, but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days then. And when they therefore were come together, they asked of him, saying, Lord, wilt thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel? A lot of times they're all interested on when is this going to be fulfilled? When are you going to restore the kingdom to Israel? because they want to know facts and dates and times and understand this. Brother Rem said, "Watch. On May the 7th, 1946, the angel of the Lord came and met me in Greensville." May the 7th, 1946. Did you know on May the 7th of 2025, the Pope was elected and the smoke come out of the little chimney on May the 7th. Do you think that's a coincidence? So, Brother Bram said, "Be careful. Watch this. The two of them, it's connected together." Same day, Israel became a nation. He said, "Watch these dispensations are overlapping. We're seeing the anti-semitism." It starts in your higher schools of education. Why? Because they're eating from the tree of knowledge. Knowledge. Amen. Not of the tree of life. tree of knowledge of science and education. They're so crazy in their mind on scientists that even doctors now who are medical, they they're supposed to know their profession and scientists cannot define what is a woman, what is a man. Well, let me tell you, there is a voice in this day that defined what is a woman, what is a man, and you know your place, and you know your position. Amen. He told you. Amen. He told y'all, I know what a man is like. A man is going to have this stature. And a woman is going to be of this kind of stature. And she's going to be a meek spirit. Chase, keep her at home. Teach her children. to love their father. Do you see what I'm saying? Listen, it's no wonder the world out there, they don't they're they're confused because the devil is the author of confusion. And he said unto them, it is not for you to know the times or the seasons which the father has put in his own power, but ye shall receive power. Somebody say power. Power. That word means exusia. It means dunamis. It means the very where where we get the name dynamite. Explosive power. Something that's going to move you. But ye shall receive power after the Holy Ghost has come upon you. And ye shall be witnesses unto me, both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in all Samaria, and in all of Surprise, and all into the uttermost parts of the earth. Hallelujah. And when he had spoken these things, while they beheld, he was taken up, and a cloud received him out of their sight. And while they looked steadfastly towards heaven as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel, which also said, "Ye men of Galilee. Why stand you gazing up into heaven? This same Jesus which is taken up from you into heaven, he shall come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven." Amen. Amen. And may God bless the reading of his word. You all may be seated this morning in the presence of God. Okay. Now, I'm going to try to finish up if I can, the Lord willing, on this the recognizing of the change of administration at the end time. This is part five. And I want to take a subject this morning and all of you because I may launch off into this by taking this very subject and taking it as a sermon. So I want to take you from the cross to the cloud. From the cross to the cloud because this same Jesus, you saw him ascend into a cloud. Why stand ye gazing? Know ye not that when he comes again, when he begins to make himself known, he's also going to come in a cloud. Amen. And we are also encompassed about by such a cloud of witnesses. Are we together now? So, I want you to put on your your spiritual thinking cap and go beyond just sometimes you you have your blinders on and you look and you see such a little microscopic portion of this message. But if you can stand back and open your vision and it become an overall vision, then you begin to see this ministry even of the prophet. It opens up before your very wandering eyes and then you begin to see, oh wow, what God truly has done in this hour. He sent a prophet, but why did he send him? What is it to do? What's that got to do with you? Are you a part of it? And and so these things here. realm. Let me go on to establish something here because brother Brennham says that u redemption he also says the book of Joshua is the book of redemption. So there are two parts to redemption and brother Brennham says this in 1965 the God who is rich in mercy. He said mark it down your scripture. He said if you would to turn to Ephesians. I was speaking last Sunday on Ephesians and how that the book of Joshua was the Ephesians of the Old Testament and how it was a book of redemption. So he goes on redemption has two parts a coming out of and entering into. That's why I said you go from Calvary first part redemption. But without the cloud of entering into the ministry of this hour, it's not complete. We want to enter in. I don't want to just talk about this message. I want to get into it. Some people wants to bring the world in with them. But you got to come out of the world to enter into Christ. You have to come out of unbelief to enter into faith. There cannot be one thing in your way to really have a genuine faith. You must absolutely leave everything that's contrary to the word of God behind and enter into faith. Amen. And now then we find out that we have come to another Ephesians, another Ephesus now where that in our intellectual denominations and so forth and all of our educational programs has come to its Jordan. Then we must have an Ephesians again. We must have an exodus to come out and to come into for the rapture. Amen. Amen. So, we're in another Ephesians and we're in another Exodus. Now, I want you to all understand and I probably will be preaching about this here in the very near f uh future also. Why are we not a denomination? Why are we not holding hands with everybody else and say, you know, hey, when we all get to heaven, I want to ask you, what part of Jezebel religion do you want a part of? What part of the harlot system do you embrace? Well, they sing about Jesus. They talk about Jesus. They preach from their Bible. But Paul said they preach another Jesus whom we have not preached. Amen. They preach you another gospel. Paul said if you think yourself to be spiritual or a prophet, let him acknowledge what what I am saying to be the word of God. Amen. Paul said, "Let every man take heed how he builds on this foundation because I am a wise master builder." Imagine a man to be so bold to say all of this and all of these religions. If a man thinks himself to be spiritual, let him say amen to what I'm saying is the word for this hour. You've got to come out of your denominational thinking. Amen. You've got to come out of all of that which you were taught and how that you know God is the center of the wheel and all of the spokes going to the center of the wheel and you know one is Lutheran the other's Baptist and the other is Pentecostal and on and on and we're all going to the same place and so let's hold hands and sing kumbaya and that we're all going to make Did I want you to understand saints of God that this is a time that God is separating the shuck from the weak sir? Amen. He said your ignorance now to say that you don't know better about the harlot system. You'll have no excuse. Amen. So we are different. I'll have you to know we act different. We talk different. Okay. Because we are different. Why? God has illuminated to our understanding what God is doing in this hour. Thank you Lord. You understand? Now, in Hebrews 3, let me just lay a couple more scriptures here as a foundation, then we'll launch off into this. Hebrews chapter 3 verse 17 through 19. Then Hebrews 4 1-2. But with whom was he grieved 40 years? Was it not with them that had sinned? whose carcasses fell in the wilderness. To whom swear he that they should not enter into his rest, but to them that believe not. So we see they could not enter in because of unbelief. Unbelief's the original sin. Amen. It's not lying, stealing, cheating, all that stuff. Brother R said that's the attributes of sin. That's why we sing the song only believe. Why? Because that's what believers do. We believe. We don't unbelieve. But there are hard times that we through our carnal minds and our human understanding have a hard time to grasp certain things. Therefore, we can pray like that one man who prayed, "Lord, I believe. Help thou my unbelief." Amen. So there are there are times when maybe you're not going to understand something and you're going to have a hard time and you're going to wrestle with it and why did God say this? Why is this? And I I don't understand. Oh, hang on. Hang on. Just pray. Put it on the back shelf. God will reveal it to you in due season. Yes, he will. Yes, he'll do that. Hebrews 4:1. Let us therefore fear lest a promise being left us of entering into his rest that any of you should seem to come short of it. Wouldn't that be terrible that have these promises and then you come short of it? Oh, sorry I'm a day late and a dollar short. You ever felt that way? Oh man, you should have been here yesterday, huh? How much money you got? It takes 10 bucks. Well, I I only got $8.50. Sorry buddy, right? You don't get a ticket. So what I'm saying is let's look at this these promises because the Bible says for unto us was the gospel preached as well as unto them but the word preached did not profit them being not mixed with faith in them that heard it. So you can hear and not have faith mixed with it. What is faith? Faith revelation. So understand with all of your getting, get understanding. With all of your reading, with all of your listening, with all of your going to church, I pray that you just don't come here and sit on a pew and sit there and be void of understanding. We're not looking for church members. We're looking for bride who's wanting to come and enter in and say, "Feed me, man of God. Tell me my inheritance. Show me the things that is for me and for my household." Amen. Romans 8:es 19- 23. For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God. For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who hath subjected the same in hope, because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God. For we know that the whole creation groanth and travaleth in pain together until now. Amen. Brother Brennan preaches a whole sermon on this birth pains. He said, "Mother Earth is groaning. Is is actually groaning in travail. I'm tired of being raped and pillaged. My air and water polluted. my natural resources. The resources from the ground and on and on, everything's become so hybrid and polluted. Oh, she's coughing. Her air and everything. So, she's she's under travail. Why did we not come from the earth? Amen. And not only they but ourselves also which have the first fruits of the spirit even we ourselves grown within ourselves waiting for the adoption to wit means in other words the redemption of our body. Now you have the earnest of your inheritance right now the earnest. You have just a down payment which is the Holy Spirit, but you don't have all of it. That is the earnest down payment, but you've got a greater inheritance that is yet to come. And he says at the time, when do you get the fullness of your redemption? That's a change of body. Not now. You can't handle it now. Your little carnal finite mind can't handle it all. So we got to be changed in a moment and twinkling of an eye. And when he appears, we shall be like him. Amen. Hallelujah. How that is, I don't know. It's another part of the great mystery. I know this that if I'm a part of it, I'm there. I will know him as he is known. Why? God is going to give me an upgrade and all of my understanding will become fruitful and I won't be thinking carnal like I do down here. Praise God. Amen. Amen. I look forward to that day. Adoption brings the manifestation of the sons of God. That's what the whole that's what it's all about. That's what this message was come to produce. Manifested sons. Those who are able to discern the signs of the times to catch the changing of administration. Because if you miss it, you are subject to elect captains to take you back. Let's choose a captain and go back. Or let's choose one like Dayan and Cor and say Moses took too much unto himself. On and on. You all know the scriptures. So you must be able to see the change of administration because if you leave it all with the prophet of God, then you've denied the ministry that the prophet of God said, "Look, there's coming a ministry of the bride." Amen. It's what he said. So if you say it all stopped with him and you just press play, you're denying the word. Amen. We don't want to deny the word. We want to accept all that he said. Is that right? Come on. So, you have to be able to catch supernatural instruction. You have to go beyond man's teaching. It's not just being able to read your Bible or listen to a tape. Because if so, if just reading your Bible and listening to a tape was enough, then everyone who reads and listens to tapes has got it. Do you understand? But not everybody that reads and listens is going. That's right. It's those who have the Holy Spirit, the token, because without the token, you don't have the ticket, from Calvary, to the cloud. Yes. Do you understand? Amen. It's God making this message fruitful to our understanding. Joshua does not take command until after the death of Moses. And then we see he comes into command after the death of Moses. And the first thing he does, he's got to cross over Jordan, right? And Jordan is overflowed at a time when it looked the worst time to cross. I mean, listen, saints of God. Sometimes God leads you into areas that looks according to man a dead end. That's what Pharaoh said when Moses took him up to the Red Sea. Oh, what a great captain they have. We got mountains on this side, mountains on that side. We got the Red Sea over here and and all of my army behind him. Haha, I got him. Let me tell you, sometimes God allows you to be put into impossible places that doesn't look probable to God. But God is saying, "Hey, wait. Hold on. Stand still and see." Amen. The salvation of God. Hallelujah. What is impossible to man is probable for God. Joshua's was subject to the leadership of Moses. Amen. Joshua comes to the place of adoption when he meets the captain of the Lord of hosts. Because now he draws his sword. Are you for us or are you against us? Watch the sword. It's important. He draws his sword to the captain of the Lord of hosts and he said, "Put up your sword, Josh. I'm the captain of the Lord of hosts." And so now Joshua is being commissioned to take your sword, not fight against me, but take it and position Israel into the place where they need to be. Amen. Okay. What has this message done for you? Has it placed you into a position taking you from here into here? Thank you, Lord. God help us understand what has this message done to you? Have we have we just made it rules and regulations and it's a long dress and long hair and it's a form of religion. Because if we're not careful, that's what we do. We just make it a a religion. God help us. You see, when the angel of the Lord met the prophet on the mountain, because he's asking God, "Is my ministry over? Are you taking me off the scene? What are you doing? Nobody can live through an explosion like that?" And he said, "There, I'm praying. I'm asking God that he'll help me understand the vision, this the all of this that's happening." And he said, "A sword hit my hand. Now understand what he's doing. He's coming to his commission. All the times before when he's talking about the third pull, the third pull, watch, when it comes, there'll be a change in my ministry. You all know the first been identified. The second's been identified. I can't hold on to the first and second or the third can't come. You all know the scriptures or or the quotes there of the angel of the Lord to the prophet. But now, watch this. It's very important. You catch this. said, "This is the third pope. You have entered into it. The ministry has changed. I'm turning a corner. I'm not going back into world evangelism. It's not for them out there." Amen. Don't try to teach Pentecostal babies supernatural thing. Don't get your lion all tangled up in times like these. That's right. Quit trying to tell them how to catch fish. Sh. Because if they don't catch it, they're not going to catch it. Amen. But if they're bright, hallelujah, you can't help but catch it. That's right. Why? He will show you things to come. That's why when a preacher says, "Well, I'll tell you what. You got to follow me in what I say in this. And I'm the Joshua of this hour. Listen, there is no man who is the man, the Joshua of the hour. There is no Joshua church that you got to be in that church or you're not going to make it. There is not going to be one little group that's no. Let me tell you, God's got a universal group around the world. This message is far greater. Amen. than Surprise Arizona. That's right. Preach it. Much bigger. We're just a little microcosm. If I could take a snippet case of your DNA and I come up there and I'm a scientist, so I just come up here and take a little snippet. Maybe I take just, you know, come up here and little bit of your skin and I decide I want to duplicate you. Your DNA is so unique to you. But if I took it and multiplied it, guess what? I'd have an identical you. You understand it? Because your DNA is so unique. It's just like your fingerprint and everything about you. Your spirit is unique. Your facial Recognition is unique anymore. You go to get on your I I fly Delta. So you go up there. It used to be you show your passport. You had to have your ticket in your hand. They just stand there. Just stand here and look and look here. Yeah. Okay. Mr. Peterson, go get on the plane. What? You don't want to see my pass right? No. We got everything. All they do facial recognition. You know what God's doing with the bride right now? Just come. Just stand right here. Get in your position. Yeah. Amen. Get in. You see what it is? It's that picture he took of you before the foundation of the world. That's you. Yeah. Enter in. Hallelujah. You begin to see God does everything through a recognition. I know you. You were a part of me. Yeah. You, Job. Where were you? I was in him. Amen. Amen. Amen. Actually, Joshua, the Bible says, was called Moses minister. I like that. So, now understand when, and excuse me if I slur a little bit, you understand. I bit my tongue yesterday. Any of you ever done that? Uh uh uh. My wife goes, "What's my uh uh uh bit my tongue? It's all swollen on the right side." So if I lift a little bit, you'll understand. I don't mean to be funny. It's the truth. It hurts. I want to call up some of these brothers. Brother Mario, come on. I bit my tongue. Preach. Anyway, so if I lisp or whatever, you'll you'll forgive me. Amen. In the sermon adoption, watch this. Our Ephesians, our Joshua, which is the Holy Spirit, our Joshua, which is the Holy Spirit. Joshua means Jesus savior. Joshua means that the Holy Spirit represents it in the spiritual as it was in the natural. That he is our great warrior. He's our great leader. And God was with Joshua. And so God in the Holy Spirit moves us about. Amen. Oh, I can't Oh, can't you see how we got too many sons of Kishna? Too many souls coming out from seminaries, theological schools, going out teaching this perverse things as the Bible said they would do, seemingly not having the faith, separating themselves from you, having no fellowship with you, and so forth, having a form of godliness, denying the power thereof, from such turn away. They don't know where they come from. They can't give a reason. Listen and understand that this ministry of the prophet of God and the ministry of Joshua, it's not a man. It's the Holy Spirit himself. Amen. He's our savior. He's our great warrior. So, it's not a man. It's not a special church. Now, watch this. Because without faith, it's impossible to please God. Amen. And I said this the other day and my wife reminded me, "Honey, you said the first part but didn't finish it." I began to ask all of you a question, spiritual, biblical trivia. How long did the ministry of Jesus Christ last from the time he took the scroll and he said, "This day is this scripture fulfilled until he's crucified?" Three and a half years. Okay, you understand? So now the prophet we want to look at the Christ in our day. You understand? And I believe listen saints of God I don't want you to misunderstand me that the ministry of uh tapes that he put prior to 63 with the opening of the seals are still very important. So we don't do away with those. But a prophetic ministry, go look from the time of 65, count backwards, three and a half years. That's right. Say it. Taking sides with Jesus. Right. And brother Brennham said, "This is where I've always had the problem. I've mixed evangelism with a prophetic gift." Amen. But now, wait a second. I thought he always took sides with Jesus. Understand now he says, "Look, a prophet doesn't mix up this gift of world evangelism. Come out here and and evangelize and everything." He says, "You know, telling these people their name, where they're from, what good is it done?" Your name is so and so. You're from Yes. Yes. But did they go on to follow the message? So all of the first and second pull, God just them is an attraction. Amen. Well, no man can do these things except God be with him. Like Nicodemus, we know that word a man come from God. They wrote books. A man sent from God. They began to uh uh uh they began to tape his ministry. Okay? because they realize, wow, something very important. This this is a unique ministry. Let's tape it. Yes. Amen. Because it was so unique. See, he So, three and a half years, if you take it from 1965, that's when he goes off the scene, and take it back three and a half years, you have a prophetic ministry. And you will find then he's now a prophet saying, "I'm not going back and doing those things." If you can catch it, this is that third pull. Amen. This is what I've been telling you. A change in my ministry. I've told you for years. It's coming. Haven't you understood? This is that third pull. I'm in it right now. It's here. It's been identified. Why can't you catch it? Because sometimes people all they do is get caught up in the signs and the wonders and and all of the miracles and fishes and loaves. Listen, let's go beyond fishes and loaves. Amen. Let's go into the word revealed because that's what's going to get you out of here. The word revealed in its season. Amen. Amen. So in a sermon 63, looking look away to Jesus. I'm going to say something to you now that I haven't said all along. That is the thing that we've looked forward to for so long or at least many years, four or five years, maybe longer. The third pole has now been vindicated. I'm sure you all know what it is. I'm sure you all know what it is. Now, listen. I want to say that our young people, they had at camp, they had a time when I I think uh they had a Jeopardy and Elias and Andy Paul dressed up. Yeah, you should see their costume. They're amazing, you guys. And so they did they had jeopardy where you you have the answer so what is the question right whatever. So they had simple ones. So the ministry of this angel messenger in louda fulfilled what scripture? And all the kids stood there. Let me think. Give me a hint. Is it somewhere in the scripture? Oh, give me a break. Listen, if you young people don't know by now, the major scriptures we use all the time. In fact, brother Brandham says it on almost every sermon. watch in the days of Malachi 4, of Revelations 10, of Luke 17, and you sit there like a cow looking at a new gate, and you don't know where are you? Where were you in the time of Sunday school? That's right. Where were you in all these sermons? Are you sitting there and the lights are on and nobody's home? Yes, that's embarrassing. So, our youth leadership 101 and help you to understand. Hey, listen. What is this message all about? Now watch. He says, "I warn I was warned of this that soon, right at this time now, it's just happened, so it could identify its presence among you, but it will not be used in a great way until the council begins to tighten up. And when it does, and the Pentecostals and so forth can impersonate, anything could be done. But when that time comes, when the squeeze comes down, then you'll see what you've seen temporarily. Be manifested in the fullness of its power. Amen. He says you've seen it temporarily. You all know what it is. It's the word. It's been identified. Now, just to the highlighted portion, I'm sorry, don't go back and read these quotes yourself. And by the way, we have it on our website. So you can go look at our sermon. And next to the sermon are the quotes. All of the quotes and scriptures that we use. So if you miss it by not writing it down, you have no excuse. You can go back and read it yourself. Why do I put this stuff up here? Because I want you to see what he said. That's right. This isn't just me saying it. He said it. Amen. He said, "Say what I say on those tapes." So, here's what he said on tape. And everyone knows that for a certain as the first was identified, so has the second been identified. And if you'll think real closely, you who are spiritual, as the Bible said, to him who hath wisdom, the third is properly identified, you know. So, the third pull is here. Amen. Now, let me declare something to you right now because I believe we have entered into a season now where the bride is catching it. I declare unto you, it's here. Amen. It's now. It's going on around the world. It's not just in our church. I cannot say we are the exclusive. If you are not a part of our group, if you don't listen to my website, if you don't follow my ministry, you're out. Oh, nonsense. Those are false prophets. Those are the beaver preachers. Brother Bram, look it up. He only says it one time. He said beaver preachers. He said they dam it up. They say it's us four and no more. The exclusivity of this message is to the Holy Ghost bride who are under the Joshua ministry. Who's Joshua? The Holy Spirit. So without the Holy Spirit, even foolish Virgin sits right there and doesn't really have a real clue of what's going on. That's why listen, you've got to have the Holy Spirit without the token. Brother Bram said, "Watch." He said, "If I ever had a sermon that is the capstone of my of my ministry, what is it?" The token. The Holy Ghost is here to lead you and guide you into all truth. The third pull is the revealing of the word of the hour in season. Sirs, is this the sign of the end? Is this the time, sir? So, he's asking the question, what is this attraction? Who do you say this is? He begins, he wants you to find the answer. Amen. It's not something that your pastor teaches you. It's not something that the ministry teaches you. They preach it, but who teaches you? The Holy Spirit. Without the Holy Spirit, you sit there. Uh uh. Hang on. Hang on. Do you know an open book test? Any of you that went to the university and your college professor said, "I'm not taking role." I don't care if you come to class. I don't care. You're paying to go to school, right? It's none. Is Ron Peterson here? Say yes. Yeah. Like this. In college, they don't care. Bell rings. Get out your notebook. We're on page 263. And we're going to start here. And your professor goes up and down. He said, "Take lots of notes." In fact, when we have the exam at the end of the course, it's an open book exam. You can bring your books, you can bring your notes and everything because my test is going to be so hard, open book test. I want you to understand this is an open book message. That's all there to get into it because it's not just, you know, well, yeah, I read it once. Uh, let me see. I think it was the seven churches. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, seven churches. Uh, uh, no, no, no, it was the seven seals. Okay. Uh, uh, hold on. Hold on. I'm not done. I had the answers, but it's terrible because you're sitting there and you you kind of somewhat know the answer, but you don't know where it's at. The message has got to be in you. Amen. Amen. See, we ministers, you ministers here within this church, understand you should be able to just take your Bible and go and start preaching and quote from the message of the hour. Why? Because it's in you. Why? It's revelation. You catch it. You begin to understand. And those that have been catching the understanding at home in your prayer closet in you having a relationship with God that when he drops into that channel, you go, "Amen." That's true. Why? He revealed it to me also. Amen. All right. So, I'm declaring to you, it's here. We're in it. Don't wait for it. We're in it. Amen. So understand, start praying for the revelation that you're to catch of the message of the hour in its season. Amen. Now understand, let me let me say this so you can kind of follow along this understanding. years ago, 30 and 40 years ago in this message when we began to just catch the fact that God sent a prophet messenger when we had meetings. Well, brother Brian Yesi, we used to travel across from Arizona to Arkansas to have meetings and they said, "Hallelujah, God sent a prophet." Revelations 10. Amen. Glory. Hallelujah. You know that, Bobby? Everybody started glorifying the fact God sent a messenger. Hallelujah. The voice of Revelations 10:7. The messenger. The messenger. Hallelujah. The messenger. And we got it. We got it. Yes. Now, I can say that to you now and you none of you stand up. Amen. Glory to God. No. No. Okay. I understand. God sent the messenger, but what about his message? See, it has moved from the season of catching who the messenger is to who the message is. Because the message is Christ. Amen. The message is Christ. If you miss that, then you have really no idea what this message is all about. Then you put it according to your understanding. And if we're not careful, we preach a closline religion and we say you're a message believer. Why? Because of the way you dress. Now, thank God that you dress properly. But some of you dress that way only because of pressure. That's all. You're conformed. you conform to it rather than be you transformed because how many do you know now unfortunately I I say I know more than I want to know that for years said they believed this was the message hour he was the prophet of the hour etc and they followed the message through the way they dressed and after 30 years they gave it I want to ask you, was it revelation? No, it was head knowledge. Amen. And they couldn't fit it into their understanding. So therefore, what happens? Now, watch. Here's another thing I want all of you to understand that a feel-good religion, Jezebel religion, will let you live any kind of life you want to. You sisters, you want to cut your hair? Yeah. You want it to look like mine? Go ahead. Shave it off. You want to wear pants, trousers, you young boys, you want to wear shorts. You want to go out here, you want to do all these, go ahead, man. It's legalism. That's what this message is. It's legalism. You're only doing it because it's the law. I want to ask you, is it law or love? Amen. Jesus said, "If you love me, you do what? Keep my commandments." So, you got to fall in love with him because if you don't, you conform to it for a certain while, but when the pressure gets too great, you throw it out. And then all of a sudden, you say, "Well, I'm free. I'm free now. Oh, I feel so good. And I go to these denominational churches and I can they don't care if I cut my hair, wear my makeup, if I drink, if I cuss. It's okay when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing. Oh yes. Yes. Yes. It's Cain's religion. Amen. You think God receives every sacrifice? Everybody stand up for a minute. Stand up. Too many of you are sleeping. Put your hands up. All right. Go ahead and sit down. Little spiritual calisthenics because I don't know what you've been doing all day yesterday, but you So, help me out here. I'll just give you a couple more minutes and let me see here. Man, understand, saints of God, it is on my heart as a pastor of this end time that I provoke every one of you unto good works. Amen. I'm not here to just give you a 45 minute sermon and say, "Okay, hey, little this and that. We sing a song and after 45 minutes, good. We can go." and everybody go home and and and you know we can rest. Yeah. Well, Sunday is the day of rest and I want to rest. Well, some of you work so hard throughout the week and then you do your thing on Saturday that you want to stay home on Sunday because I need some rest. If you didn't party so much and do so much Monday through Saturday, you could persevere a little bit longer on Sunday. And you'd be thankful for it. And then that's true after the pastor lets you out and you sing, "Take the name of Jesus with you." And there's a quick resurrection within the church and everybody wakes up and oh good now we can go. Oh, I'm thinking about lunch. I'm thinking about my friends. Thinking about And then you all of a sudden, you know, most of you don't go home and go to sleep. Amen. Let's do something. Well, can we not redeem the time here right now? Cannot we take a little bit longer time because listen, the only time that we have with you compared to the whole rest of the week, your jobs got you, your school's got you, everything is taking up your time, your kids, your husband, all of this stuff, the cares of life. I don't have no time. I'm just so frazzled. The Bible says, "And some weed springs up quickly." And because the cares of life show the weed, it becomes unfruitful. It didn't say sin. The cares of life. What are some of the cares of life? What you'll eat. I mean, some of us are so obsessed. I am. I ask my wife, "What's for lunch?" I can be just finishing up lunch and I'm asking, "What's for dinner?" "What's wrong with you?" "It's a man thing." It is. It's a man thing. She My wife asked me all the time, "How are you?" I said, "I'm hangry. That's angry and h and hungry together. So I'm hangry. So you you want to just make me happy? Feed me. Okay. And then I like a lion. My belly is round. I'm full. And then I impala can run right by me. I've seen it. Now, musicians, if you come, I'm I'm I'm going to bring this to a close. I've gone far enough today. Amen. Preach. I preach. Thank you. I see. I'll go a little. You musicians, you wait. Yeah, Justin Justin was already up there. I'm coming. Hang on. Sermon manifested sons of God. Then did you notice Moses, that great miracle performer, brought them down down, Israel down to that land and brought them up to the promised land, but they did not place them their inheritance to them. He did not give them their inheritance. He led them up to the land, but Joshua divided the land to the people. Is that right? But the Holy Spirit is the one who sets the church in order. The Holy Spirit, the Joshua of today puts the church in order, giving to each one gifts, places, and position. And he is the voice of God speaking to the inner man that Christ has saved the Holy Spirit. He's positioning, placing the church where they belong. Now Joshua placed them in the natural land. Now the Holy Spirit is placing the church positionally in the land in the position that they belong in their inheritance. God is calling right now for a total separation from unbelief. If they did not cross over and inherit the promises of God because of their unbelief, because what they heard was not mixed in faith, do you think God's going to excuse us? No. You think that God is just going to give you all uh you can go ahead and pass go, but collect $200, whatever. This is not monopoly. That's right. This is the final test. That's right. It's happening right now. Perfect faith. 1963. Watch what the prophet says. This is coming into that third pole. I'm believing it. I want to ask you a sincere question. You that passed through the prayer line, can you actually believe and feel now that there is something happened? And since you since you've had hands laid on you, raise your hand as there it is. This is what we've talked for, waited for. Excuse me. This is just starting to bloom now. Just starting to bloom. Do you know when something starts to bloom, it's starting to come to its fruition? Yes. Amen. I did this for a purpose. I'm working out something. It's taking this charge of faith and going back to begin and come in to kind of raise faith into a bracket where you never noticed in that way before. Not a faith, but a perfect faith built up in here. And watch a perfect God with a perfect heart, keeping a perfect promise by his perfect word, which is sharper than a two-edged sword and a discerner of the thoughts of the heart. What we're coming now to perfection because the people has to come to this in order for the rapture. Amen. That's what's holding it away right now is waiting for that church to come into that perfect raptured faith. I'm looking for it. Means a whole lot of shaking down for me. It means a whole lot for you, but together we'll make it by the grace of God. Yes, sir. Means a whole lot of shaking down. It's happening. Shucks not air with the wheat. The fan is in his hand. It's harvest time. This is Boaz. He's at the threshing floor. And Ruth came to her position because she was told by Naomi, that's right. go and lay your yourself at his feet cuz feet are possession. Amen. And she through the instruction is led to go and to and here is where well where do I find him? Is he out in the field? No. Where is he? He's at the threshing floor and the fan is in his hand. It's a turbulent time tossed about by every wind of doctrine. You don't have revelation. Guess what? You're going to get blown away. Here he is, Boaz. He looks, who art thou, you that lay at my feet? Who are you? Identify yourself. I am thy handmade. She's already identifying. I'm part of you. Amen. I am thy handmade. He doesn't chase her off. He says, "You stay here until I do the work of the kinsman redeemer. That's right. Stay here until the rising of the sun. Ruth had been working, but now she's in her position. You know what she's doing? Resting. Brother Brennham saw the bride across the chasm beyond the curtain of time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You You're too smart. They said we're resting on it. Listen, the bride right now, we're not looking for a eighth messenger. We're not looking for another prophet. Our prophet has come. He's come. He's sounded his voice. Amen. There's been one prophet messenger. We're not looking for another one. Because unless you have the revelation that that one prophet has come, you'll be looking for another one. Where is he? Who is it going to be? Is he in Africa? Is he in Asia? Is he here in the United States? In numbers 27, let me take this a little further. Numbers 27:18-23. And the Lord spake said unto Moses, "Take the Joshua the son of Nun, a man in whom is the spirit, and lay thy hand upon him. Set him before Elijah the priest, and before all the congregation, give him a charge in thy sight. Thou shalt put some of thine honor upon him, that all the congregation, the children of Israel, may be obedient, and he shall stand before Eleazar the priest, who shall ask counsel for him after the judgment of Urum, before the Lord. At his word thou shalt go out, and at his word they shall come in, both he and all the children of Israel with him, even all the congregation. And Moses did as the Lord commanded him. And he took Joshua, set him before Eliza the priest, before all the congregation and laid his hands upon him and gave him a charge as the Lord commanded him in the hand of Moses. Verse 18 says in whom is the spirit. That word spirit is ruach. It means to smell or perceive or make of quick understanding. Joshua. And who's got the spirit? This guy's got some understanding. In fact, out of two million that came out of Egypt, there was only two. Joshua and Caleb. Do you know the name of Joshua is never even named in the New Testament. It ends in the Old Testament because Joshua becomes Jesus. Jehovah of the old becomes Jesus of the new. Watch. He's changing administration. Amen. When you begin to understand that, see Joshua means Jehovah Savior. It is a type of the Holy Ghost ministry that will lead the overcomers into the promised land. And understand this, this commission, this Joshua commission is not a person. It's not a church. It's universal. It's happening around the world right now. The ministry of Joshua, it is the ministry of adoption by means of the Holy Spirit because he's going to place you. You know, some of you don't even know your position and your place. You don't even know. Have I been pleased here at this church? Is this my pleasing? Has God placed me here? Have you ha has God placed you here under this ministry? Well, I don't know. I'm here for a season. Okay. Brother Bram said, "No, come on. Get under a pastor. Put your tent pigs down." Now, hey, that that's not saying you can't move. Brother Glenn and Sister Rachel are moving. they go with our blessing. Doesn't mean you can't move. But I'll tell you what, if they were moving over to Siberia and there was no church, there was no ministry there, there is churches in Siberia, excuse me, but what I'm saying, I'm just making a hypothetical. If he said, "Well, brother Ron, I'm not making any money here and I'm going over to Siberia because man, I can make big bucks. Then what's motivating his move? Because if you moved here for money, guess what? Another job come along that's a little bit more. Huh? Mucho din. Right. What'll happen? You'll start chasing the dollar. Amen. Next thing you know, hey, what it is is, you know, hey, you give me more money, I'll believe. That's why Jesus said, "When you go out into the world and you preach the gospel, take no money in your purse." Do you know missionaries from America have ruined mission fields? Because they've opened their doors with money. If you all come, I'll build you a church. You want me to build you a home, I'll buy you a car. If you believe, hey, listen, you go to a third world country, they'll believe anything you want them to believe. If you give me money, that's what I want. Yeah. Give me money. That's what I want. I've seen it. They'll believe anything you want them to believe if you support them financially. Brother Mario said, "Brother Ron, would you come go with me over to the Philippines?" I said, "What do I need to go to the Philippines for?" I said, "Every month you have 15 to 20 missionaries from America over there, spending five and six weeks over in Philippines and going from this church, that church, this one over here, and they come back to their church. Look at me. I went to this church and this brother and all the people and they had the balloons and welcome pastor Ron Peterson. I remember the first time I go." I said, "Mario, I don't need to go." Well, anyway, he said, "Well, will you go with me over?" I I said, "Okay, let's go." So, we went there and we had this big meeting and had all these balloons. Remember that Pastor Ron Peterson and all the Hey, listen. The Filipinos love to party. They love balloons. They love food. They love to eat. They love to feast. Listen, they'll all pack into a car, a 10 passenger car. They'll put 17 in it. And they'll go and they they go down the road and they get there and they're all happy. And so here we are and I got this big convention more more than what we got right here. And there's a bunch of ministers. Remember them all sitting up behind me. And I I had never been to the Philippines before. God bless you. It's so good to have you or have me here and and for the invitation. God bless you. But I want you brethren to know. I turned around to the ministers. I'm not here to build your church. I'm not here to build you a home or support you financially. Three of them got up. You remember that? They got up and walked off. I said, "Well, at least they're honest. because our missionaries have opened doors with money. See, if they don't come because of the gospel you preached, they're coming for the wrong reason. Jesus said, "Take no money in your purse. Go into the city and seek whom's worthy." Amen. Because they're coming because of what you're preaching, not because of what you can give them. Amen. God help us. We We as And I say this humbly, but American missionaries have been the worst around the world because they just throw money at this and that and build churches and then what happens to the people when that man is supportive? I've had ministers in Africa turn around tell their people, I don't even you people, I don't even need you guys anymore. I I've got missionaries that support me here in Africa and I I don't need your tithes and I don't need your because I got it all now. Can you imagine? Then what happens and they become a big person watch. Brother Rem said you watch. He said, "Stay humble before God." You know what I love about this ministry of brother Brennham? No matter how great a ministry, no matter how the signs and wonders, he never made himself somebody big. That's what attracted to me. Was the ministry that he preached, not the fancy suits, the big churches. No, he kept himself humble. Yes. God, help our ministers. Within the message, stay humble. It's not who's got the bigger church. It's not who's got the most people. No, it's stay humble before God. In the sermon paradox, Joshua, here's a type of the last day ministry. See, now remember those three stages of the journey. All of it ceased. First, the law and everything had to cease. So the Joshua is the same word as Jesus, Jehovah savior, that took them from their wilderness into the promised land. I don't want to disagree with the scholars, but many hold that the promised land represents heaven. Could not represent heaven. It could not because they had wars and troubles and flustrations and everything in the promised land. Listen, the promised land is the word for this hour. But you're going to have to fight for every promise. Amen. This isn't a picnic. That's right. The promised land. So, uh, well, you know, when I when I get into the message of the hour and there's no more fighting, it's all over and it's it's a bed of roses, it's going to be easy and everything's going to be okay and I'm going to walk around in in a in a stage of nirvana and everything is okay and love and and everything. No, let me tell you, young people, it's a battle. Amen. Older people, it's a battle. Spiritual mind battle, spiritual warfare. strongholds, things that you open up. You listen the wrong kind of thing, you listen the wrong kind of music, it'll catch that spirit, put a stronghold in there. Had a young boy over in Europe one time, he, you know, one of the pastor's kids over there, I told you before, but I'll tell you again. And he said, "Brother Ron, I go to church. you know, and I try to enter in, but I feel absolutely no anointing. I feel nothing. I I feel void. I feel numb. And so I began to counsel with him. I said, "Well, what do you do? Let's let's look." Brother Rem said, "It only takes a mere observation of look what they read, what they listen to, huh? And you begin to tell what kind of spirit they're feeding on." Amen. He said, "Well," he said, "Uh, I do listen to soft Christian rock." Oh, you do? I said, "Go outside and find a soft rock. Let me throw it at you." I said, "There is no such thing as soft rock." Put all the spiritual words into it you want. Jesus, it's still rock. That's right. Amen. Oh God, don't allow rock music to come back into the message. And you can tell just by its beat. The Holy Spirit likes music that invites his presence. Amen. Justin, Zoe, that kind of music. Amen. Draws his presence. Yes. When you sing those kind of songs, not well when I get my dancing shoes on, when the Holy Fire and I Hallelujah and Pentecost and glory, hallelujah, man. Praise God. What's the matter with you? If you got the Holy Ghost, you're going to get up. You're going to Oh, the No. What's that song we sang? That that last one? just to be close to you. Just to be close. I don't know if if if you felt it, but I just all all of a sudden I said, "Lord, that's my desire." I just want to be close to you. There's something about being close to somebody you love. Huh? As you sit down, hey, just come sit down close. And when he draws close, something happens. You see, brother Bram said, "When a seal opens, it declares war." Amen. That's right. So, when you begin to understand what the seals are all about, you come into spiritual warfare. Amen. Because these seals are Christ. Amen. Amen. That's why it went from the cross to the cloud two parts of redemption. You got to come and enter into this message to know your position because the Holy Spirit will lead you and guide you into all truth. That's why the importance of you having the baptism of the Holy Spirit, not to just be baptized in water. Remember in the book of Acts, how was you baptized? Well, we was baptized unto John. Well, that's good. John baptized you unto repentance. But didn't John said, "There's coming another one after me whose baptism is far greater. I baptize you under repentance." That's the start. But he'll baptize you with the Holy Ghost and fire. Amen. Fire musicians if you come now I am coming to a close fire. Let the God who is God. Let him answer by fire. Amen. Amen. Is that what Elijah said? And after everybody else had tore down the altar of God, cut themselves, screamed all night, Elijah mocked them, and said, "I think your God's asleep. I think he's on vacation. Why don't you cry louder?" So they jumped and shouted and screamed and hollered, and he said, "Are you guys done?" And the altar was broke down. "Are you guys done?" You tried to whoop it up. You cut yourself. You got real sincere. He said there was no fire that answered. Amen. And Elijah said, "Let the God who answers by fire, let him be God." What is the fire that you should have in your life? The fiery baptism of the Holy Ghost. There's no greater cleansing in this world than fire. Fire, no, no impurities can live through fire. Fire kills it all. I'm afraid what we've done as ministers in this message, we we've kind of preached it symptoms instead of the root cause. Well, I'll tell you what. You look at that young girl and the way she dresses and it's immoral. Look at the shoes she wears. Look at look at this. And I tell you what, I get an opportunity. I'mma preach against that and and next thing you know, yeah, you can see by an outward manifestation there's something wrong. That's all. You know what she needs? You know what? She needs to go deeper. Simple. If she'll humble herself, if she'll ask of him, "Come unto me all ye that are weary and are heavy laden, I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you and learn of me. For my yoke is easy and my burden is light. Yes, Lord. Let them fall in love with Jesus. Amen. And then you know what? You don't have to preach about the long skirt. It will come. That's right. It will come. Why? It's an outward manifestation of an inward revelation. Amen. No more cutting the hair. No more painting the nails. No more high heel shoes. Amen. How about if I play on the guy's side right now? No more worldly haircuts like the world has right now. You can have sidewalls here and then you can have a pompador out here. Skinny jeans. Looks like you were painted in them. Ain't nobody saying amen. No. Come on, brother. Preach them. Come on. Yeah. [Music] Truth. Truth. It It is truth. Amen. You think you young guys, I don't know that you play around with this stuff, huh? God help us. Amen. our our our young our youth chat group. Somebody had placed a video of them singing and it was it was a big auditorium and there was all these people and they were singing and the group was called Hill Song. I don't follow them. I don't listen to contemporary music, but it was on there and I thought, "Oh, all it is is got those uh HGQ this that line here slash go to the YouTube channel." So, I hit it and I don't know what it is. And here it is. Where? Oh, yes. Oh, what we need, you know, and they're all singing. It's a beautiful song. And the lady's voice is beautiful. and her hair is cut shorter than mine. Her nails all made up, wearing a t-shirt, pants, and getting the people to sing. I'd almost like to show you that just to make the example that you could see that you could see and say, "Well, hey, young people, young people, listen. I'd rather step down and quit right now. I'd rather step down and quit right now than I would to compromise with this message." Amen. And say, "Oh, that's okay." So, our young people, it's okay. You know what? Watch. Hey, it's Jesus. What we need now is Jesus. Steve, in fact, I'm going to I sent you the video. James, I sent you the video. Can you give it to those guys right now? Can they look it up? Can we play it right now? Get your phone. One of you guys go, go, go. Oh, go show them. Then they can look it up. Yeah. I just feel to do this. You You guys want to see Jezebel religion? Amen. You want to see what the world and those whose names are not written in the lamb's book of life shall be deceived. Will they worship? Absolutely. I want you to notice Cain worshiped. I want to ask you, who was the first leader of worship and of music in the kingdom of heaven? What was his name? Lucifer. Does he know how to worship? You better believe it. and he wants to be worshiped as God. Okay, here it is. And if you would and you guys just kind of hang on here for a second. So, we'll go ahead and turn up the the music or the sound so we can hear this. We'll play just a few minutes, but listen to it. [Music] Come on. We sing together. Call me [Music] out the great unknown where he may fail. And there [Music] you see my faith will stand. Come on, you make it your prayer. [Music] Come on, make it your prayer. Jesus above the waves. When ocean rise, my soul will rest in your embrace. For I am yours and you are mine. [Music] All right, I think we've made the point. Beautiful voice, isn't it? Got a beautiful voice. But when you begin to look at who's singing, understand it's not the image of a Holy Ghost fil Christian. Amen. Yet the anointing is falling upon the just and the unjust. Go ahead and play. You were playing what was it? Deeper. Take me [Music] deeper. Is that the kind of music I want our young people to listen to? I'm not talking about this music. Now, I'm not attacking the people. You understand that? But there's a spirit behind [Music] it. There's a spirit in the world right now that just wants people religious. And you saw them. Were they sincere? Yeah. Oh, absolutely. And probably they were they were really feeling the rain falling upon them and they were thinking, "Oh, God. Yes. Come on. Let's pray now. All of you. Let's sing this. The oceans are deep and all of this." And it's melodious and yes, and God's ex he's accepting every sacrifice that we bring to him. He's not Amen. That's the deception. There are many that honorth me with their lips, but their hearts are far from me. In vain do they worship me. Brother Bram said, "It won't be the bootleger, won't be the prostitute that at that day are disappointed." It' be those who are religious who somebody Now I went I'm going to share one more little testimony. You guys excuse me. My wife, her older sister, her oldest sister, her husband died last week. They're a very strict Catholic family. Sandy was raised very strict Catholic. So, we got there and we were a little bit late and all the people sitting outside. It was up in Prescat. We got in the chairs and there was a Catholic priest was giving his testimony and he said I was good friends with his name was Edward and good friends is Edward and we were buddies and he went to one college and I went to another college and I became a priest a Catholic priest and I remember after I married Sandy and we came to Sandy's family outings and a Catholic priest the same one that was speaking yesterday is the Catholic priest that I saw there with the family. And he's drinking beer and getting drunk, telling dirty jokes with the people. And I was there. I saw it. This is when I first married Sandy. So the priest said, you know, this was the end of his little thing. And again, I'm not attacking the people, but this what he said. You know, I can't just imagine going to heaven and angels fluttering their wings and us singing and worshiping. He said, "That doesn't sound like fun to me." He said, "You know what? I'm thinking, this is what he said in front of all these people, Catholic priests. I think it would be beautiful for God to take us up onto a big mountain with big tall trees and cascading uh rivers that came down and we get up there on top and we just sit there and kind of enjoy nature and then there would be a big cooler of beer and a pack of Marboro cigarettes. And that's what I think heaven is about. That's what I think we'll be doing in heaven. Everybody kind of beer and cigarettes. Are you kidding me? I thought is that what saints of God I do? I I want to go to a place where angel wings where people sing. where people worship. Where God is their God and he is the light of the city. Amen. And where we worship him together. I I don't want a mansion. Honestly, I don't look for a mansion. I I didn't ask God for a mansion. I just [Music] I just want to be where he is. And if he would just take me deeper Yes. than where I've ever been before and let me love him more and more. Amen. Take me deeper. Deeper than ever with you, Jesus. Hold me close to your embrace. Take me deeper. [Music] Deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. Now I long to be deeper in love. There is a longing for the only you can feel. A raging tempest that only you can feel. My soul is thirsty, Lord, to know you as not. Drink from the river that flows before your throne. And take me deeper, deeper in love with you. Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be. All right. All right. Hold on just a second. Brother Justin, I want your microphone hot. I want you to sing the next stanza. Bethl, you girls. Yeah. The four of you come up here. Come up here right now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Up here right [Music] now. You're going to be backup singers. Come on. Yeah. Come on. Come on. You You all have such pretty voices. I know it. I've heard you [Music] sing. So, I want you to sing the stanza and then we'll we'll come in and then you you all are going to sing that. Stand four of you next to one another. Yeah. There we go. Yeah. And you're going to be those backup singers and you're going to be like this. And I want to hear that harmony and that beautiful voices you guys have. All right, brother Justin. Let's hear it. Sunrise to sunrise. Lord, I will see your face. Drawn by the spirit to the promise of your grace. My heart is found in you. A hope that will abide here in your presence forever [Applause] satisfied. Lord, take me deeper, deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I love Get Sister Jill's microphone. Go ahead and sing a chorus or the the stanza. Go ahead, lift up your voice. Only you can. Yes, Lord. My soul is thirsty, Lord, to know you as I know. Drink from the river. The flow before your throne. Take me deeper, deeper in love with you. Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How long sunrise sing it? She has such a beautiful voice. Sunrise. I will seek your face. drawn by the spirit to the promise of your grace. My heart is found in you. A hope that [Music] will hear in your presence forever. Let's sing it together. Take me [Music] deeper, deeper in love with you, Jesus. Hold me close in your embrace. Take me [Music] deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Amen. Nothing without you this morning. Truly, we're nothing without him this morning. Let's sing that same key as we get ready to go. Take these hands and lift them up. For I have not the strength to praise you near enough. And I have nothing. I have nothing without take my voice and take my voice and pour it out and let it sing the songs of mercy I have found. Yes. Amen. where I have nothing. You believe that this morning I have nothing. Oh, went without you. This is what we really need this morning. For all my soul needs is all your [Music] love to cover me. All the world will see that I in the need with him. May this be your prayer this morning. And take my body and build it up. pain broken as an offering up like you Lord. I have nothing. I have nothing. Oh, all my soul. Oh, and all my soul. Yes, Lord. That's our soul cry. Is all your love to cover me? So the world will see that I am nothing without. May this last verse be a prayer for you and I. Take my time here on this earth. Lord, that's my prayer. Thank you for the all that you are worth. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. I have nothing. Oh, I have nothing with you. Can you lift your hand and say, "Oh, my soul needs it. Oh my soul as all your love to cover me all. I am nothing without you. As we get ready to go in moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus in moments like I lift up my [Applause] hands. I lift up my hands. Just you and him. Yeshua hymn singing I love you. Singing I love you. Singing I love you. Lord singing I love you Lord ac cappella singing I love you Lord singing I love you Lord singing my love of you Lord I love you. Brother Brian will you come lead us in a dismissal prayer. Brother Brian Bolowski will you close our service in prayer. Remember the service Wednesday night. Remember the prayer requests from today. Remember to consecrate your life more to Jesus Christ each day. Precious heavenly father. We could say it was good to be in your house this morning. Lord, we just want more of you. Amen. We need more of you. We're not getting out of here. So my prayer would be Lord that every believer around the world would get into one mind, one spirit accord, one accord so that we can get out of here, Lord. Yes, Lord. Call back all those that have strayed. Lord, my sons are one of those. My stepbrother, Lord, I would pray, Lord, that you would just call them back. Call them into the fold. All of those around the world as well, Lord, I thank you for this word this morning, Lord. I personally need more of you and I just pray Lord that you would go with us the rest of our day. Bring us back Wednesday if you Terry you're coming. I just so enjoyed being here this morning. Lord, thank you, Lord. I pray that you would re re restore strength to brother an he pours his heart out for us every every day. He pours his heart out for us. So just restore his strength. I pray Lord that you keep us all safe, watch over us, keep our family safe. We pray for an anointing of the Holy Ghost every second of every day and pray for a moving again on Wednesday. We love you. We thank you in the mighty name of the King of Kings, the Lord of Lords, the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Okay, brother Glenn, Sister Rachel, and your family, if you'll stand at the door so everyone can greet you, please do that so we can tell you goodbye. God bless you. Remember the service. Remember to pray for one another. Amen. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man avaleth much. God bless you tonight, this morning. God bless you today. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Is it too [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
