################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - Onward and Upward - Bro. Jason Watkins - 33rd Anniversary Meetings - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   Onward and Upward - Bro. Jason Watkins - 33rd Anniversary Meetings
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrUlUMFaX-s
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, heat, heat. [Music] Oh yeah. [Music] So listen to our [Music] heart, hear our spirit and sing a song of praise [Music] will love you every day. And we will use the words we know to tell you what and all you are. Our words are not enough to tell you of our love. So listen to our hearts. Second verse. If words could fall out. Oh from these lips of mine. And if I had a thousand years, Lord, I would still run the time. What does your heartbeat say tonight to my heart, the one that created the heart, bring people the same. Lord, we thank you tonight. Thank you for the life. Oh, thank you for the truth and thank you for the way. Oh, worship him tonight. He's worthy. Lift him into my heart. Oh, hear her spirit [Music] sing a song of glory. Oh, [Music] redeem. The words [Music] are you. [Music] Words are not enough tonight. Oh, words are not enough to tell you our [Music] mission. I'm amazed that you love me. Oh, I'm amazed. Oh, how you came. It's through your precious blood. Have you accepted it tonight? My sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. As a prayer, sing this. No one knew how long I was at. And the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. And all I have to say, my life is my down. I was secret. [Music] One day, then one day that mercy still alive tonight. Mercy while your love [Music] show. Oh, there you have purchase my redemption. Are you excited and thankful? Pro and set my spirit free. I'm a man. I'm [Music] amaz. Oh, you love me. Oh, I believe. Oh, I through your gra [Applause] [Music] I s are washed away. All my sins are washed away. Second word. Yes. There'll be days when I feel you. Lord, you know the time I want to say I love and open every time I pray. No one else has ever cared for me [Music] like other kids can ever be as close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problem. Why? Because knowing him you are everything I'll ever need. Can you worship him? I love me that you love me. Oh, I love me. All [Music] you see are you all my sins are all my sins. My sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are wash [Music] away. Hallelujah. Are you thankful for that tonight? Are you thankful for the word you've heard so far? We've heard a liberating word this So far tonight, he's got a whole platter for you and I. The fountain is open for you and I tonight to tap into. And may we drink from the river of life that flows before the throne. A fountain open in the house of David, KF. Let's sing that this tonight. If you got a need, tap into that fountain tonight. There's a fountain open in the house. of David to the world. And there are streams of graces flowing down from [Music] Calary. Amen. our two needs that have been penciled out to this this evening. Brother James Torren says a man that I work that works for me asked the church to pray for him. He wants to be remembered. His name is YC Lou and he has an unspoken prayer request. So let's remember this coworker, brother James Torrance. We have a request here for s from brother Trevor Cox. He says, "Please sis, please pray for sister Diane Deanhard. She has had a pain in her side and they're taking her to the emergency room. May the Lord touch Sister Dean Hart tonight. She's come down here to be with the meetings. May the Lord just be on her behalf and honor her faith tonight. May her faith rise up to our healing touch. May all be well when she gets back. Amen. Do you have a need tonight? Amen. Let's sing it one more time. Brother James Love, will you come lead us in prayer tonight? There's a fountain open and there's a fountain and open in the [Music] house to you. [Applause] We believe tonight our strength is flowing down from Calary. [Music] Let's just bow our heads and our hearts together. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, we've gathered in your house once again, Lord, to sit at your feet and learn of you, Lord. You're the unexhaustible fountain. And Lord, we've come with more expectation, realizing, Lord, that you have more that you want to pour out upon us this evening once again. And we just want to give you thanks and praise for what you've done already and how you've moved and you've ministered to our hearts, oh God. And Father, we bring these needs before you. We're just asking that you would go to Sister Dean Hart. Lord, would you minister unto her? May nothing be wrong, Lord. And we're just asking that you would move upon her behalf. And Lord, you see this unspoken request, Lord. many maybe there's more unspoken amongst us Lord and we just bring them before you knowing that you know all things and you have all things under control so we're just asking once again Father by the preaching of the word would you Lord just bring life bring liberty bring a freedom to your people again we just ask that you would move amongst us we'd be sure to give you all the praise the honor and the glory be with us once again in Jesus' name amen Amen. Amen. Amen. Can we have all the uh local people take your seats tonight? All the members of Evening Life Fellowship. Want to see how many visitors we have tonight. God bless our visitors tonight. Thank you for coming and worshiping with us here this weekend. May the Lord be your portion and may you receive from him. God bless you tonight. Amen. Greatly blessed. Kad, we're greatly blessed, saints, and we're highly favored. Hallelujah. Miss Jesus Christ. Greatly blessed. Oh, greatly blessed. And my [Music] neighbor in perfect forgiven shall draw. Pray with bless and I'll be in perfect for sing the chorus again. I feel blessed and [Music] highly in perfect [Music] forgiven and [Music] highly forgiving. Sing it one more time. I'm greatly glad. [Music] Great and highly [Music] burn forgiven child of [Music] God perfect forgiven Hallelujah. Rising up. We're going to sing. Rising up. As I look out across the land, see God's mighty hand. See the bride of Christ and her wedding. Just like yesterday, they should turn this over. [Music] [Music] That's true. And now the B to tell how the Holy Ghost [Music] time in the singing down God's holy angel rising up. I'm right [Music] now I'm done. I have no good news. Oh, the last sing your strength will bring [Music] tonight. All right. [Music] I'm rising up. I'm rising up. [Music] church rising up. Hallelujah. Our God is tremendous. Our God is tremendous. We have several specials tonight. If Noah Silva and Jesseline and Jennifer Samura would get ready to come sing and play for us. Amen. Our God is tremendous. We heard a tremendous word last night. We heard a tremendous word this morning. Spiritual soul food that can nourish us for the journey. Amen. Let's sing this tonight. Oh, when I'm in need, I call on the Lord and he heals me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. off for his soul. He's my companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater wonderful. Oh Jesus, the lion of Judah, our God is [Music] tremendous sinner. Yes, he's on my He sent his an angel to guide me. And there's no too powerful. Our God cannot handle. God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Now from his glory and gives us a victory, a great love story. When you're in trouble, Jehovah sea, the great porter, God almighty will fight your battles. Oh yes, he'll stand. I say thank you, Lord, for that tonight. Your victory will come the way you think it should, but my king just love the paradox. Just stay in position and watch the miraculous come into action. Amen. Amen. I've got [Music] it. Go through the fire to save a [Music] sinner. Heat. Heat. [Music] The greatest love story. It is the greatest love story. The bride in his bridegroom. Miss Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Noah, Jennifer, Jennifer, and Jezeline, they're going to be singing for us tonight. And right after that, Sister Florence Dulie, would you come and sing for us tonight? Right after them. Amen. Lord bless our song specials tonight. [Music] There is no problem too big. God cannot solve it. There is no mountain too tall. He cannot move it. There is no storm too dark. God cannot calm it. [Music] There is no sorrow too deep. He cannot sit. Heavy carry the weight of the world upon his [Music] shoulders. I know my brother that he will carry you. If he carry the weight of the world upon his shoulders. I know my sister that he will carry you. He said, "Come unto me all who are [Music] weery and I will give you rest. [Music] There is no problem too big. God cannot solve it. There is no mountain too tall. He cannot move it. There is no storm too dark. God cannot calm it. There is no sorrow too deep. He cannot sit. If he carried the weight of the world upon his shoulders. [Music] I know my brother that he will carry you if he carry the weight of the world upon his shoulders. [Music] I know my sister that he will carry you. Jes said, "Come unto me all who are we and I will give you rest. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Thank you for that. [Music] When all foundations have been shaken. [Music] When I'm left standing in the dark and all I feel is my heartbreaking. You still rain and you're still God. [Music] And when it feels all hope has [Music] faded, the heavy questions hit so hard. And though my soul may feel forsen, you still reign and you're still God. And though I can't see what's before me, I know that I can trust your heart. And this one truth will that you still reign and you're still God. I will declare that you are with me. Though voices whisper that you're not, you'll never leave me nor forsake me. I know that you still reign and you're still God. And though I can't see what's before me, I know that I can trust your heart. And this one truth will be my story. That you still reign and you're still God. And though I can't see what's before me, I know that I can trust your heart. And this one truth will be my story. You still reign and you're still God. And when my enies surround me, I'll trust the victory of your cross and fix my eyes upon you, Jesus. For you are God and I am not. For you are good and you are faithful. Yes, you are like you have been from the start. You're working all things for your glory. You still reign and you're still God. And though I can see what's before me, I know that I can trust your heart. And this one truth will be my story. You still reign and you're still God. Yes, this one truth will be my story. You still reign and you're still God. [Music] Amen. Thank you, Sister Rachel Coffee and Sister Florence Julie. That is a powerful song. Oh, thank you for that song tonight. Hallelujah. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. The choir, if you'll get ready to come sing tonight, he reigns and he's still God tonight. And he's got it all in control. If you're in the choir, come sing tonight. Amen. Let's sing this as they come and get set up. He's got it all in control. He's got it all in control. He's put that reassur out in my soul. Oh, he's got it all. He's got it all. My father knows. My father knows. Oh, you got to unplug it. My father knows what I need. My father knows what I need. Everything I go through, he knows what's best for me. My father knows what I need. Amen. Lord, bless brother Oscar, if you'll get ready to have your special right behind the choir. Lord, bless them as they sing tonight. [Music] Decisions must be made. And now I have a choice. I need your wisdom. Lord, I need to hear your voice. I'm facing challenges and the walls are closing in. I'm crying out to you, my one true faithful friend. Hear my prayer, oh Lord. I need you in my life. I cry to you, oh Lord. Please lead me to the light. Show me the way, oh Lord, and cleans me from my sin. I need you. I need you on again. [Music] I need you. I need you on again. Oh, you are the one that guides me day by day. The answers found in you. You're the truth, the life, the way. When others seem to fail and trles all around, Lord, you're always standing there. The one true hope I [Applause] found here my pray. I need you in my life. I cry to you. I cry to you. Me to the light. Show me the way. Oh Lord, and cleans me from my sin. I need you. I need you on again. [Applause] [Music] I need you. I need you on again. I need you beside me. I need you to guide me. I need you. Please hear me. I need you. Be near me. I need you to my darkness. You need you to guide me. I need you. I need you. Won't you hear me? I need you. Be near me. Hear my prayer, oh Lord. I need you in my life. I cry to you, oh Lord. Please lead me to the light. Show me the way. Ohord and cleans me from my s. I need you. I need you on again. I need you. I need you on again. [Music] I need you. I need you on again. [Music] [Applause] Amen. That was beautiful. Amen. Lord bless them. We can all say that. That's a prayer. We need you, Lord. Amen. We'd like to say thank you to all the ones that helped today with the meal. Whether you clean up crew, cook crew, whatever your part was, we say thank you from the bottom of my hearts tonight. Amen. Lord bless them. Brother Oscar, if you'll come out. Amen. Also, no Sunday school tomorrow. No Sunday school for our special meetings. God bless you, brother Oscar. Thank you for playing a song special for us tonight. [Music] down. Get down. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] [Applause] Hey, hey, Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Amen. Let's join him and let us sing this to him this night. I sing praises to your name, the Lord. Oh Lord, let's sing it tonight. Praise to your name, oh [Music] Lord, for your name is great and great to be praised. [Music] I sing praises for [Music] your Oh Lord. [Music] Praises, oh Lord, for your name. It's great and great. Can we lift our hands and say, I give you glory tonight. I give you glory. I give glory to your name. [Music] Oh, glory to your name. Oh, your name is great. [Music] to your name. Glory to your name. Oh Lord, for your name is great. And we'll sing it one last time as we give him glory tonight as brother Jason comes to minister to our hearts. I give glory to your name. [Music] Oh, glory to your name. [Music] Oh, your name is and [Music] praise. I give you your name. [Music] For your name is great and great to me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah to the lamb. Glory to God in the highest. Amen. He's worthy of all that praise. The Bible says, you know, you're to prepare to meet your God. Amen. And we are to give him the praise that his name is due. Amen. God bless you this evening. My, it's wonderful to be here again. See all your smiling faces. Amen. to see my friends there, the Alderson family. Amen. Happy to have them tonight. Amen. I should probably make brother I should probably make them move up here on the front row so I can stare at them the whole service. Amen. I bet brother Dale and Sister Darlene would do it, but we'll leave them where they are. Amen. Happy to be here. I wanted to say how grand it is these services and um such a privilege to be invited. admire your pastor so much and I was just telling him in the back I admire the order of things and the precision and the timeliness and um you know there's just you that that's noticeable and uh so I really am appreciating it. The hospitality is southern. Amen. At its core I love it. Amen. Uh we uh you know I think I've already knited him but if not then I I'll renite him again and into the uh order of the southern gentleman. Amen. He is a wonderful brother and uh just um treats us too good. Amen. So it's an honor and a privilege to be here with him. Amen. So appreciate it all. Uh it's been a wonderful pleasure and a treat to minister alongside brother Chad, a friend of many years and I admire him. I think that uh we are we must be brothers of a different mother but the same father. Amen. And that's Harold Beckett saying that I like. Amen. But I I appreciate his um you know you know the the word of God, the Holy Ghost and the message of the hour uh didn't turn us into parrots. We're eagles. You know we don't just repeat what a prophet said. We teach what he taught. Amen. We preach what he preached. Amen. And we say what he said. But we are eagles. And we are preaching to a mature bride who's grown up from her infancy. Brother Brandham identified her as in her infancy at the time of the opening of the seals. Uh but you know, the Lord was never coming back to marry a little girl. He was coming back to marry a mature bride. Amen. So we uh we are eagles of strong meat and and and it has uh has not only taught us what to think but how to think. And uh that's beautiful. I love that. And so we're just want to look at the word of God tonight. And uh I'm going to I'm going to I'm told don't say 55 minutes tonight. So I'm not going to say it. And I probably wouldn't keep it if I said it. But Amen. And it's just wonderful to be here and uh just want to carry on and and unbburden my heart tonight. And uh Amen. Praise the Lord. We're going to invite you to Genesis chapter 15. And I I hope to start here and finish back here if possible. Don't guarantee. Um we don't get to choose that, believe it or not. I promise you friends. Um, sometimes you wonder why your pastor might do or put or go or say a certain thing and you wonder why he My wife has asked me, "Why did you why did you do it like that?" And I said, "I wish I knew." You know, why did you say it like that? I honey, all I can do is follow. I know better than to disobey that voice. I don't know. He doesn't explain everything to me, but I know it when I hear it. And if you and if you want to and if you want to uh know the voice of God, miss it one time, buddy. You'll know it almost immediately. Yes, sir. And uh but God is gracious and we don't like to miss it. So we uh we don't have an option. You know, that's the thing about ministers and particularly pastors. They really get to choose nothing. uh you you as the as the leoty you can put move do go you can live where you want to live have whatever job you want get you know uh a pastor doesn't get to choose anything he doesn't get to choose where he lives he doesn't get to choose where his assignment is he doesn't get to choose what he says he doesn't even get to choose what he thinks he's reserved unto God he's uh set aside and he he's not even allowed to keep hurt feelings and the people hurt his feelings, but he's not allowed to hang on to that. See, cuz he's reserved to Christ. He's he's set aside and we're not our own. And we're here uh to take uh you know, lambs out and take them on to the hillside and bring them back to the master mature and bearing wool. Amen. That's our job and the and the Lord has to do it. We're uh keenly aware of that. So, as I was saying, you know, earlier uh I think last night, pray for your pastors and your all the ministers because the the assault of the enemy is tremendous. And so, uh we we are all in this thing together. Amen. Genesis 15. I want to speak to you tonight on a title. Um, and I'm just going to take one this only this one piece from a small series I did at home and uh I'm going to take this title which is slightly different from what I took at home. I want to title it onward and upward and um the the home folk will probably understand just by that what part of the series I'm going to hit tonight. It's only just one fold of it. All right. So, we got a lot to stay say in the middle of it, but we're we're going to uh start and finish here by the help of the Lord. Amen. This is the third time that the Lord is going to have to give assurance to Abraham here, still called Abram because he hasn't had uh deity. The letter H is added to his name later. And H in the Hebrew is deity. And so, and then God's not just gonna not just going to add deity to his name, he's going to add it to his wife's name. And she's going to go from being Sarai to Sarah. And so, uh, how many want to have deity added? Amen. So, so I I may refer to this, and you may hear me saying Abraham. That's only because I'm speaking of of, um, uh, the predestined order of God. Amen. He was going to become Abraham. But this is the third time that God will have to come to him and give him the assurance. And we just want to lead in with this tonight. Verse one, Genesis 15. He had come to him already and called him in chapter 12. He came again in chapter 13. Told him, you know, your seed will be like the the the dust of the earth. You it be innumerable. I'm going to all the nations will be blessed in you. And God had already told him all these things. Now, you would think once God had told him all of that, he would never have a doubt. But here he is in chapter 15 and watch this. After these things, the word of the Lord came unto Abram in a vision, saying, "Fear not, Abram." See, I am thy shield and that exceeding great re reward. God already had his number. God already knew he was afraid. He was worried about circumstances that were and the circumstances argued against the promise that God had given him. And Abraham was falling for it. See, after these things, the word of the Lord came unto Abram in a vision, saying, "Fear not, Abram. I am thy shield and thy exceeding great reward." And Abram said, now here comes the complaint. It's a cat's going to get out of the bag right here. He might as well just say it. You can't hide it from the Lord anyway. And Abram said, "Lord God, what wilt thou give me?" What a question. I mean, hey, excuse me, son. Are you the same one I just told that all nations of the earth will be blessed in you? Are you that same guy? Am I the same God? Didn't I tell you it'd be like the the sand of the seashore, like the dust of the earth? Amen. Why are you afraid? See, and and and he said, "What wilt thou give me uh seeing I go childless, and the steward of my house is this Eleazar of Damascus?" And Abram said, "Behold, to me, thou has given no seed." And lo, one born in my house is mine heir. And behold, the word of the Lord came unto him, saying, This the third time, "This shall not be thine heir." But he that shall come forth out of thine own boughs shall be thine heir. And he brought him forth abroad, and said, "Look now toward heaven, and tell the stars, if thou be able to number them." And he said unto him, "So shall thy seed be." And he believed in the Lord, and he counted it to him for righteousness. And you're not going to see Abraham doubt that again. That's why the Bible doesn't claim that Abraham lived a flawless life. We can read in the book of Genesis that the famine came in the promised land and he left and went down to Egypt. And brother Brandham said anytime a Jew leaves the promised land, he's backslid. So we we know he got caught down there lying to Pharaoh. We know he almost got killed and almost lost his wife and picked up Hagar and and and I've said, "My goodness, Israel is still paying for that one to this day." And then he's caught later, you know, lying to Aimilec. Same old, same old. Uh, but I love it. Once once sunship was established, once once the promised son came on the scene, Abraham never did that again. He w and that's why Paul was Paul for Paul doesn't mention at all his human failures. He said he never staggered at the promise. See, let's pray. Master, we thank you for your word tonight. And I just relax myself, Lord, write readily and just ask you to take over the service. I have all kinds of notes laid out here that I believe inspired of you, but I will just follow your lead. Lord, we commit it to you. I'm just your servant. That's they sang. I walked I followed you out here. I'm just standing here to to be your assistant. I commit it to you, master, in Jesus name. Amen. God bless. You can be seated. And so this is God's third vision. He had came to him in chapter 12, chapter 13, and chapter 15. And I want to just move quickly over these opening points. And I'm going to have to be very studious tonight. So please give me your keen, undivided attention. We're going to have to move fast if we're going to cover everything and you can go back and get the archive for what you miss and but but stay paying attention or you'll get lost in transition just as sure as anything. So, we find one of the first points that I want to make and that I brought out at home was that, you know, sometimes we find ourselves questioning God. We know we had an experience with the Lord. We know it was him. We've already testified it was. We've already spent time thanking him for it. But sometimes circumstances will arise and we'll find ourselves doubting the very testimony. Now don't feel bad. John did the same thing. Testified, "Behold the lamb of God." And brother Brandham said, you know, he got in a circumstance. He got in prison and his eagle eyes got filmed over. Did you know that could happen to a prophet? And he said, "Hey, go ask him. You know, do is he actually the one I know what I said?" Yeah, I know what I saw. I'm not going to deny what I saw or what I said, but just go ask him, you know, is he the one or do we look for another? And I love it because Jesus, you know, when they came to Jesus and they said, you know, here's John's message. Are you really the one? And, you know, Jesus didn't, you know, pull out a business card and say, "Yeah, give this to John. Yes, I'm Jesus of Nazareth. My, you know, I lived here and I went to, you know, and this is all that." No, he didn't even he didn't, it's almost like he here's how he answered the question. Just go back to that word prophet and tell him the gospel is being preached and the lame are walking and the blind are seeing and great things are happening and everything that the word said would happen is happening. That's all you need to say. My prophet will get it. Just go tell him that. See, and so you you know we're we are the the the the testimony of Jesus Christ is the spirit of prophecy and we're the final voice to the final age because we have the testimony of Jesus Christ in a live life. And sometimes circumstance can even cause us to go my I don't know I thought well but I am not so sure. So you know what God did to Abram? He he finally had enough of this question and he takes Abram outside. He says son all right I've already told you all this. You've still got these questions. You're still worried about circumstances. So I'm going to have to put you in such an unreasonable situation. And God will do that. He'll let a trial or some kind of test come and you'll be in such an unreasonable situation. God took him out and said, "Look up there. Okay, now count those stars and give me the number." That was so unreasonable. And and God is saying to him, "Listen, I know the number. I need you to tell me. I know the number. You tell me the number. I know every one of them. I put them up there and I can tell you how many there are. Now, I want you to tell me, Lord, how that that's unreasonable. That's exactly my point, Abraham. I'm putting you in an unreasonable situation to get you to stop reasoning. [Applause] [Music] I don't understand why this is happening. If you just go back and trust him, [Music] he put him in an unreasonable he gave him an unreasonable task. Put him in an unreasonable situation to get him to stop reasoning. And so he's now he's going to deal with this whole this whole, you know, thing about, you know, this one born in your house. And I'm not here to cast shade on on Eleazar. And I and I know brother Brandham, the the Bible doesn't actually isn't clear whether this is the same Eleazar that went, but brother Brandham talks about that that was the one that went to get the fair Rebecca was Eleazar. stands to reason uh some B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B B Bible scholars suggest that it's certainly suggested in the Bible. This is the same guy. So, I'm not casting shade on that. I just want to use I want to make a certain type from a certain angle of the mountain tonight because you know you know you not that you are the uh built out of lively stones that you are the house of God's presence. Do you know? But you know what Paul said, you know, when I would do good, evil is present with me. I find then a law that in my members there's no good thing in that is in my flesh to will is present with me but but but I was born into a house a house that just is constantly disbelieving God a house that has weaknesses sometimes you know you you get weaknesses and it just maybe it come from the grabag of life as brother Brandon would talk about maybe maybe something came down upon you through heredity and maybe something jumped several generations and landed on you and you fight a battle over it and you got a problem with it and the devil knows what it is and and brother Brandham said we all got our weak spot and we got to keep our guard over it cuz Satan's always trying to get there. See, and so and so God and and the message to you tonight is listen, this is not your inheritance. There's another realm. There's another you that's down in your loins. This one born in your house is not. You're not going to have to bear that shame and bear that problem and bear that wound and bear that hurt. You're not going to have to fail at that anymore. I'm giving you a promise that you're going to overcome and someday that that which is in your loins, that gene of God, that is your inheritance. Beautiful. So if you think about it, the third thing that I want to point out is how did God why would God take him out? Not only as we've said to put him in an impossible situation, a totally unreasonable request. Tell me the number of stars, but if you think it through, what is God doing to give him his faith? The last thing he does is he looks up at the stars, which brother Brandham said was God's first Bible. And I'm here to tell you that Bible wasn't going to change. It already had the Virgin. It already had the crossfishes. It already had Leo the Lion. It already had a king and a queen. And he said, "Look up at the original word. If you doubt your circumstances, look at the original word. It's never going to change or be altered. And it already sees Abraham, that word already sees a kingdom and you're the father of it. It already sees a seed line, a Christ line going down through the ages. Don't worry, I've got the whole world in my hands. That's right. What God needed Abraham to do. And here here's what I here's a I said all of that to say this. What God needed Abraham to do was just keep going. Amen. Don't let circumstances stop you and cause you to come short of the promise. Go forward. Because forward is onward. See? And onward is upward. See that? This is what brother Brandham saw when he saw the preview of the bride. He said, you know, he was standing there. He saw him come by and everything's great. And then and then he saw the the the the the harlot church coming by. Oh, he's humiliated. He's embarrassed. He's he's his his face is burning. He the Lord is standing there and he oh, he just wants to die. He said, I just want to get away from here. I don't want to be here anymore. He said to think all of our effort and this is the best we could do for him. And and he said, "And then here come the Church of America." And he said, "They just kept getting worse and worse as they come. And finally, she's she's dressed vulgarly. Hardly got anything on. She's following a witch. She's dancing to rock and roll." And and Brother Brandham just he says, "Oh, I just wanted to be anywhere but right there." And then he says, and then he heard a voice say, and and brother Brandham says, "Now, as they went, as they went out, he said, the most awful screams you ever heard as they went off the edge and plunged." See, and those awful screams. And here he he just feeling it's the end of I just I don't even want to be alive. And he said the the the voice said, "The bride must come into view again because it was an alpha." And then it had to be an omega. And he said, "Here come that sainted bunch of little girls, all smooth, clean." And he said, "They were marching to the step of the gospel. They were following the sheet music. They were in time. They were in rhythm. They were marching onward. Christian soldiers and he and two or three of them at the end of the line started getting out of step and he's screaming stay in line and he says when I came out of it he said they were hurrying trying to get back in step and and I've said before that even though they were getting out of step and brother Brandham said instead of going down they started going up even though they were getting out of step they were still going upise [Music] their life wasn't perfect. They're they're they're they're still fighting the the greatest battle ever fought. Come on, aren't we? It's an epic battle that's been going, you know, since since before time. And uh you know, when when Lucifer and his angels fought Michael and his angels for control, and that didn't end well for him, and and he was booted out. But that battle spilled over into the earth. And brother Brandham says it's a battle for control of the mind of man. Amen. So the the so the the word is keep going onward. Amen. So you got to go forward. And if you go forward, you're going onward. And if you're going onward, you're going upward. You can't make it all happen. All you can do is obey the word. But the message is keep going forward. Don't stop. Don't lag behind. Whatever you do, don't turn around. And whatever you do, don't stand still on a moving treadmill. That's right. Cuz you'll go backwards if you stop. And that's what's happening to the earth. It's plunging off. There's a moving sidewalk plunging off. And if you stop and you linger, you're you say, "Oh, I I I didn't backslide." If you stop, the world is plunging more and more into sin. If you just stop going forward, you'll start backsliding. God would make he would go on to and here he would make an a a covenant with his with his faith seed. And it would, as Paul said, not seeds many, but seeds singular. That's right. So it was an unconditional covenant and he could not break it. Brother Brandham says God would have never gave Abraham he never gave any man. He never gave Abraham that kind of a covenant. Are you kidding me? Unconditional. That's right. Yeah. He said he did. He did. He wasn't even there to tell Abraham what I'm going to do. He was there to tell Abraham what he'd already done. I've already done it. It's already in the stars. I've already wrote it. It's already in the Bible. That's not going to change. Those planets aren't that's not going to change what I've already written there. And that's what's going to happen. Enoch's Bible agreed with that Bible. This Bible agrees with both of those Bibles. The message of the hour agrees with this Bible. Agrees with Enoch's Bible agrees with God's Bible. Hallelujah. You believe that? And our lives are a a representation of God's eternal word. Amen. So he said he would have never gave Abraham that kind of unconditional covenant, but he knew Abraham would believe it. And so it is a covenant with his faith seed. It was unconditional. He couldn't break it. Even even when the generations following Abraham uh stumbled and fell uh and and there was no hope, whenever they had less than no chance, God would send a a judge. God would send a a redeemer. God would send a savior. Said he sent saviors plural. And so uh a redeemer would step forward. Sin of God, he would come on the scene. And you know it was never going to be about seeds as many. It was going always going to be about a singular seed and that was Christ. It would be a faith seed. It would be the heritage of the Lord. It would be his family, his kingdom that proceeded from his loins. That's right. Election taught in the Bible is always has always been and shall always be based upon origin. As Jesus said, I came from God. I go back to God. He said in St. John 13, Jesus knowing that the Father had given him all things, that he was come from God and went to God, laid aside his garment. See, and then later on he he says it again a couple chapters later. And so we realize its origin because it's not about a lottery. It's not about any many mighty mo. It's not you got lucky. It's not you got fortunate. Even when he there in Matthew 16 when he says, "Who do men say that I, the son of man, am?" Well, Lord, some say you're Elias, some say Jeremiah, some say, "Okay, okay, okay. Who do you say I am?" Oh, well, thou art the Christ, the son of the living God. Amen. And Jesus says to him, "Blessed art thou, Simon." Flesh and blood didn't reveal that to you. See, you can't track that through genealogy. It's not about that. Jesus looked at at at Jews and they said, "We be Abraham's children." And Jesus did not argue with that as if it would have done him any good anyway because they could go and bring out their family tree. My daddy, his daddy, his daddy, his daddy, his daddy, his daddy, Abraham. Yeah. And so he said, and he even said, "I know you're Abraham's seed. I know you're Abraham's children, but but we got a problem, boys. What you're doing, Abraham didn't do that." And and and you're you hate me. Abraham rejoiced to see my day. Here's what it happens, fellas. I know you might be the seeds of Abraham, but it was never going to be about seeds. It was going to be a singular faith seed. You are of your father with your with your family tree. You're of your father, the devil, and his deeds. You do. That's correct. He was a murderer and a liar from the beginning. See, so, so, so we find then that he's saying to Peter, blessed art thou. And the the last thing in the world in the Greek that that means is fortunate or lucky. He's not saying to Peter for that's pretty fortunate Peter that you see who I am. What he's literally using is a is a Greek word and I I pulled this note from Dr. Spirit Zodiatis in his in his Greek key study Greek Hebrew case study Bible just to give you the reference and he these are actually his words. He said it he said he said it's unfortunate that sometimes this word mccarius which in the Bible says blessed art thou that sometimes that he said it gets it gets translated as fortunate. He said it doesn't mean that at all. He said here's what it literally means possessing the characteristic of deity. Hallelujah. So Jesus isn't saying Peter you lucky rascal. No he's saying Peter there's something inside you that's also inside of me and that's how you know who I am. We have the same father and that's how I say thou art Peter and upon this reality. This revelation of faith in who you are and who I am. I'll build my whole kingdom on that. It won't be about their ups and downs or their wins and losses column. That's not going to be about that. It's a faith generation. Glory to God. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So, it was a seed line that would journey through the Bible. You can track it all the way through the Bible. You can see that seed line traveling through the Bible. And they had this son and married this woman and this son. and then they had this child and and a lot of times you'll see that and it'll just go down three or four generations down and then just peter out. You don't you don't hear about it. You don't even know what happened to them. Another one will do the same thing. This one married this one of this land and they had forth and brought forth a son who married a one of this land and it'll go ding ding ding ding and then that's it. But then every once in a while you come on one it says and and had this son and this son married this one and had this son and that married and had this son and it goes all the way from Abraham to David and all the way from David to Christ and and Matthew's able to actually track it backwards. Oh friends, I'm here to tell you there's a seed line of God's word that proceeded out of God is part of God came from God going back to God. Thank you. See? So, so and God is not diminished. Not at all. No matter how much pride he expresses, he's never diminished. Adam, you know, I love Brother Chad's sermon today. Adam, Adam wasn't diminished when the feminist spirit was taken out of him. It was just living in another person. Adam, it was still named Adam. Adam wasn't diminished. Amen. I'm here to tell you when God listen did you know that even actually uh speaking in medical science knows that actually the rib is one of the very rare human bones that if you remove it it'll it'll re recreate itself. So there's actually no missing rib in that sense. And when God took the rib out of Adam he got another another rib grew back. It's one of the very few bones in your whole body, just your rib and one or two other little places that will actually, but the rib is the predominant one that'll actually if it if it's if it's removed correctly and certain part of it are still in place, it has its own little factory and it'll re rebuild itself. See? So, so, so even when he gave her a rib, he wasn't diminished. I'm here to tell you something, friends. When God laid aside his glory and took upon him the form of sinful man, when Jesus came to the earth, he wasn't diminished in deity. He wasn't missing any deity. And when he raised up out of the tomb, he wasn't missing any humanity. He was still the full God man. And when God came on the day of Pentecost and divided himself in the upper room, God wasn't diminished. Heaven didn't lose the glory of Almighty God when he was living in his family. Oh my. It's all Mr. and Mrs. Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. So, we're going to invite you to Isaiah 59. Isaiah 59. Lovely chapter. Rather ominous, but it has a good ending. All is well that ends well. Isaiah 59. And it's it's going to be a place where um you know, God is going to reprove Israel. And uh it gets pretty dicey and you're you're not even sure if Israel's going to survive it. Uh but but they do and uh the Lord's not going to lose his own. Amen. So when we but just just you just hold your your spot there in Isa in Isaiah 59 and we'll come to it just shortly. Let me just make a few introductory comments. All right. So now well excuse me. Okay. Get where I need to be. So when we think about Isaiah reproving Israel, you got to realize something that that prophets are never trying to be popular. That's not why they come. Prophets, the the the chief reason that a prophet comes is to identify and conduct you into the presence of God. and and that's why and and and and the the ministry of a of a son of man as a prophet that in itself is a ministry of atonement. For instance, I'll give you for instance you you can see where where where where God said you know um you know Moses come up into the mountain and there was the shikina glory. The mountain was on fire and now God, you know, God had already told him, "Now make sure you build a barrier around the bottom of this mountain. If even an animal touch it, you have to kill him." See, cuz nothing like that can come into my presence. See? And so, so and in fact is the priest Aaron. Aaron although he was called by thus sayeth the Lord, he had a divine call. He he could go in, he could have everything, his garment be perfect, everything in in order, the the tabernacle in the wilderness just so. But do you know that if he walked in there, even though it was the day of atonement and even though God told him to go in and do it and sacrifice for the people, if he went in there without blood, he died, cuz he could not go into the shikina glory without a blood sacrifice. But you find that Moses went in and out of the shikina. Gloria, never killed a lamb, never took blood, never did anything. See, and then and then finally God says to Moses, "Now go down there and and tell the people, don't don't break through unto me. You'll have to wipe them out." I mean, he had already he already said to Moses, "Listen, Moses, I cannot dwell among you because this is stiff necked people and I you know, I'd kill everybody and so I cannot dwell among you. So I'll send my angel and he will dwell among you. See, so so that's that's a redemption working there. That's a that's a ministry of atonement for the people. See, and and so so we find then that it gives them something in between a holy God, something in the middle between a holy God and a sinful people. Amen. And so just like the blood ring around the earth. And that's why God can't see the sin of the earth cuz you're here and you're the blood of God by the spirit. See? Amen. And so we're not talk. Brother Brandham said, "Not the chemistry." Nobody's got that. People say, "Oh, I'm covered by the blood." And what does that mean? Well, uh, I'm covered by the blood. Okay, but what does that mean? Do you got blood? Do Do does the Vatican have a vial of his blood? Is it in Jerusalem somewhere? Do you got it? Anybody got a vial of of the blood of Jesus? Do you know that if you did, you'd be more valuable than that? Because he sacrificed that blood to save you. Yes, sir. See? So, so that's this is why brother Brandon would call it a bleeding word. See, this is why the unwise virgin, this is why she goes through the tribulation for a sin of unbelief. She she rejected the atonement of the bleeding word in the message of the hour that she could have had faith in and it would have atoned for her. That's right. But she rejected it. So she's got to go into the tribulation and pay the price for that. Absolutely. Oh my. I can't get sidetracked. So So we find then that that he he says, you know, tell them don't let anybody break through on me. No, Lord. We don't uh we we build a fence. Moses, go down there and warn them. Yeah, Lord. We we did we built a fence. We've already told them. Moses, go back down and make this is important. Go tell them. Don't anyone try to come into my presence without a blood sacrifice. That's the reason people die today trying to break into the presence of God without a bleeding word of faith to have. There's no way. Listen friends, you can go to a Benny Hen uh church service and you can get the anointing of Jesus. You can pay your tithes and get the blessing of the Lord, but in order to get the presence of God, you've going to have to have a prophet. Because a prophet is a ministry of atonement to conduct you into the living presence of God. Thank you, Lord. And and Moses hurries to go down and the Lord calls back to him, "Oh, Moses, by the way, when you come back, bring Aaron." And when he brought Aaron, they didn't bring a lamb. They didn't take any blood. They didn't do anything. He just walked Aaron right into the shakina glory. And Aaron didn't die cuz he was with Moses. And he's under the umbrella of that prophetic ministry. He's under the umbrella of that son of man. He's under the umbrella of the atoning. Oh, hallelujah, friends. So now comes a prophet to reprove Israel and he he he he's going to judge the case when we come to Isaiah 59. The heritage of the Lord was in trouble when God came down with his prophet to judge the case. Because brother Brandham taught us that prophets indict the people in the presence of the judge. When they stepped forward, when that prophet stepped forward to examine the matter, he found Jehovah's bride in a catastrophe. And he's not going to hold back or pull any punches. He's going to give it to them straight. He's not trying to be popular. He's going to defend the honor of God by telling you the unvarnished truth. You can rely on a true prophet of God. Now, he's a true prophet because he only brings the word of God. He might be a real prophet, but not a true prophet. Balam was a real prophet, but he was a false prophet because he brought a false doctrine, though he was a real prophet. So, it's not just a real prophet. I want a true prophet who'll tell me the truth. How about it, friends? I want a prophet who's not going to pull any punches. I want somebody who can guarantee me that someday I can behold the face of my beloved, that I can stand around father's throne and sing and rejoice. I don't want to take any shortcuts. Amen. Absolutely. He's going to defend the honor of God. That's you see that. See, because th this is the heritage just like you know just like Psalms 127s that children are the heritage of the Lord and a man is very happy if he has his quiver full of them. And the Bible says that they will speak to the enemies in the gate. In the east the gate was the place of judgment. The scene there of Psalms 127 is a father who has been falsely accused of doing something contrary to God's law, that he's a secret sinner. And so the trial is gathered. They're in they're at the gate and there's false witnesses who are there to tell a lie about this honorable father. But the beauty of it is the reason that that happy is the man who hath his quiver filled with the heritage of the Lord is he won't even have to take the stand. His children will testify for him. He won't have to open his mouth. He won't have to say a word. Listen, God doesn't say he doesn't have to say anything to this world. You are his defense. Hallelujah. Your lived life is a testimony. God's word is true. And the world has lied on God and lied on the message. But we see the the blind see and the deaf hear and the lame walk and the people are filled with the spirit of God and we are here to testify. That's the whole reason brother Brandon preaches a trial and he says I'm going to give the Lord a new trial. He said he did not get a fair trial in his first coming. I'm going to give him another one tonight. Oh, they say he doesn't keep his word. That's a lie. They say he can't trust him. That's a lie. I'm here to tell you, I'm a living testimony. You're a living testimony. You're the heritage of the Lord. [Music] They claim he's the second person of a trinity, and that's not true. They claim the days of miracles are passed, but that's not true. They claim you can compromise his work. That's not true. Jesus doesn't keep his promises. That's not true. Amen. Amen. So, it is the children and their character, their life on display that has proven that the father has been lied on because in the Hebrew, when you read it from the Hebrew text, it's a victorious. When it says they shall speak to the men in the gate, these false witnesses, it means they will contend with them victoriously. They will put them to silence because when they'll walk up and they'll say, "Examine my life. If you want to know what kind of father I got, examine my life. If you want to know what this message is, can you say that tonight? Can you say to a world that doesn't believe that the message of the hour is true?" Can you just say, "Come, come stay at my house a few days. Come go with me to church on Sunday and then tell me it's not true." Oh, hallelujah. God keeps his word and he's here to prove it. Amen. Praise God. He keeps all of his promises and we are the living evidence of that. So he says here verse one of Isaiah 59. I'm just going to read some selected verses. Behold the Lord's hand is not shortened that it cannot save neither his ear heavy that it cannot hear. Here's the problem. Israel, your iniquities have separated between you and your God. The problem's not in God. Problem's not in his word. Your sins have hid his face from you that he will not hear. See, so you know, people say, "Oh, how dare William Brandham to say that if a woman cuts her hair, God won't even hear her prayers." Like, as if this is not in the Bible. You you put sin in between you and God, he doesn't hear your prayers. They they sometimes I wonder what they think. You know, they don't understand William Brandon was a word prophet. He didn't pull these things out of thin air. There's no doctrine that can't be supported in this Bible. And every doctrine we have is evidently proven and can't be dis disproven. Not not using your Bible. That's right. If you're going to try to disprove the message, you better bring something beside your Bible. Praise God. Cuz it's all through it. He warned them. He told them that that that you're mistakenly you think you're worshiping God when you go to church on Sunday just because you read out of a Bible and sing out of a himnil and you've got a robe choir and you do all kinds of televangelism and you think you're worshiping God. What you don't know is you're worshiping the devil. You're worshiping the God of this evil age. And that's exactly scripture because that's what the Lord did for Israel. He finally told them, "I'm going to bring you're going to have to bring your offering to the door." And and if you But I'm going to He says, "I'm going to keep you from worshiping out there cuz that's worshiping devils. If you want to have there's one access to worship, there's only one provided place of worship and that's the door. And the door is Christ and Christ is his word." And if you're not worshiping at the door, you're worshiping in the wilderness worshiping devils. Verse four, none calleth for justice. This is a catastrophe. None calleth for justice, nor any pleadithth for truth. They trust in vanity. They speak lies. They conceive mischief and bring forth iniquity. It's quite an indictment. Yeah. Verse seven, their feet run to evil. They make haste to shed innocent blood. Their thoughts are thoughts of iniquity. Wasting and destruction are in their paths. Verse 10. We grope for the walls like the blind. And we grope as if we had no eyes. We stumble at noonday as in the as in the night. We are in desolate places as dead men. Verse 13. in transgressing and lying against the Lord and departing away from our God, speaking oppression and revolt, conceiving and uttering from the heart words of falsehood. Verse 14, judgment is turned away backward. And is this is this an indictment of the age we live in or what? Justice is turned judgment is turned away backward and justice standeth a far off for truth is fallen in the street and equity cannot enter. Yay, truth faileth, and he that departeth from evil maketh himself a prey. And the Lord saw it, and it displeased him that there was no judgment. No one's doing anything about this. This is a terrible there. Something's got to be done. And and it displeased God. And he he he saw that and wondered, "How is there no intercessor?" You know, and he says, and he and in verse 16, "And he saw that there was no man and wondered that there was no intercessor. Therefore, his arm brought salvation unto him, and his righteousness it sustained him." Thank you, Lord. Whoops. So, when we look at it from this perspective, we find examples of a redeemer. You can find them all through the Bible. David was the was the the if you if you follow these things along in the Hebrew, you you find and and this comes from years of just looking at at key study words uh there and you find that when David stepped out that he was actually became the man in the middle. Israel was here and nobody would go forward and the enemy was there and one giant stepped forward and came into the middle to challenge and he said send me a man and here David steps out. Nobody wants to do it. So David goes and stands between he the what no one knows is he's standing between the living and the dead. Those who are going to stay alive and those who are about to be killed. Yeah. Right. And he's standing there and Satan's there to challenge him. And he was he was uh he was the man in the middle who stood there like like a redeemer like a goeteen like standing in the gap. You can find Boaz. Brother Brandham talks about it in the preach. And he was the goel. He was he was the redeemer. He redeemed uh Naomi. And when he redeemed Naomi, he gets Ruth also. And and so he, you know, he's going to go to the judgment. And there he goes again the to the city gates and he calls forth a hearing and I want to have a hearing before the judges and here's a situation and he and he lays the whole thing out and the challenge is made to the nearer kinsmen because Satan is a near kinsman to your flesh. Your flesh is enmity against God. The human the mind fallen mind can't even agree with God's word unless God breaks in upon it. It's the mercy of God. It's not you figured it out. It's not you heard about true doctrine and you got convinced of it. the spirit of God broke in upon you and begin to draw you. And brother Brandham said, if he can get you to agree with his word, then that old nature gets annihilated and the new life comes up out of a gene of God and you're a living, breathing son and daughter of almighty God. Your whole nature is changed. Your whole thinking is changed. So we find all of these various examples. We talked about Moses there. where he was at, you know, standing in the gap. We'll get to it here in a little bit more. I want to cover it again. Go back to Moses. But we find that the authority uh a and and redemption and the the authority I want to say it like that. I want to say there's an authority in redemption. And there in order to have authority in redemption, you have to have authority in the redeemer. He has to be able. See, that's why that one could not and would not rescue uh Naomi because it would it would it would it would it he might lose all of his interest if he spent everything. He didn't have enough to live it up and serve God at the same time. So, he decided he wanted to have his own way. And when he did, um, boy, I said, "Fine, I'll take her because I got plenty of money and I got plenty of love and I'll take her and I'll take Ruth and I'll raise up children and I'll go all the way. I'm going to be a full complete redeemer." And once that happened, he had full faith and authority granted to him in the judgment. She's yours. Take her and and blessed be her, the fruit of her womb. And and and it went and it went forward. And there from there comes Jesse. from the Jesse comes David and it goes on and on and on to Christ. So redemption requires a redeemer and the redeemer requires authority so that he can decree. This is exactly why when Jesus was on Mount Transfiguration and you you good sir we good. It's only 7:30. All right. We good? Have I went 55 minutes yet? So here he is on mount trans transfiguration and he's transfigured before him and a voice speaks. Now interestingly enough it's the same voice saying the same thing when he went into the water this is my beloved son. See in whom I'm pleased to dwell only now there's a difference. there's an addendum attached and he says hear ye him and brother Brandham takes that under divine inspiration and he says in other words because see a prophet's the only one who can give you the correct other words and get it right and you can have confidence in it because he's got authority and he and and he said this is my beloved son in whom I'm pleased to dwell here you him and brother Bradam said in other words the god said uh that that his that I will set down now his words are spirit and life. See, and so we find that when he ascended up on high, all power of redemption was vested in him. See, so so you're you've got to have an authority. You've got you can't just, you know, it can't just be anybody. For here's here's a for instance. When you look at uh when you look at in the book of Revelation and you see that you've got angels who are standing on the four winds of judgment and they've already been given a command and the woes are ready to come. Woe one, woe two, woe three. And it's literally they're going to be consecutive. They're not going to stop once they start. They're not going to stop. And they're going to go all the way until they literally sweep man off of the face of the earth. That's true. But now you remember when brother Brandham is in look away to Jesus and he says a very some curious things that we didn't understand in our infancy. We understand them a lot better now. And he says, "Now friends, you're going to see some strange things happen in the ministry." He said, "Now nothing's sinful. I don't mean that." He said, "But we're going to have to have some dropping back. We're going to have to drop back and wait for this other to catch up because we've seen the the five instances of the third pull. We've seen the spoken word. Oh my. The devil wanted that power so bad. He tried to coup in heaven to get it. He tried to he he does what he does in the Garden of Eden thinking he would get the book of life, but his filthy hands couldn't hold it and went back to the original owner. Thank God. Amen. And he he spent all of his thousands of years building up his kingdom. All to see at the very last a prophet, a little humble prophet comes on the scene and he's doing what even Jesus didn't do in his first incarnation. He's literally using Genesis power and he's creating something out of nothing. So that the things which you saw sitting on a limb called a squirrel were made of things that do not appear. What a slap that was to the devil after 6,000 years of trying to get that kind of power. And it's in the bride of Jesus Christ. He creates us. He creates an animal by speaking. He does it a second time. He he disappears a tumor by speaking. He rebukes a storm by speaking. He gives salvation to a mother's children by speaking. He gives a fish his life by speaking. Oh yeah. So you've got to have an authority to do that. You can't just do that. That's never been done. Not since Genesis have we seen that. Even Jesus didn't do that. Yeah. He He He took a fish out of a fish's a coin out of a fish's mouth and paid taxes. He took bread and and made more bread. He took fish and made more fish. But he never took and just spoke something into existence. But he did in our day. See? And so, Brother Brandham says, "Now, so, so the idea, the the the imagery that you realize is that because everything has to stay in sync." And if and I don't have time tonight, this is not a symposium on prophecy, so I don't have time to break break all down into the book of Revelation. But what you will notice is that is that the seals and the trumpets and the vials and the woes and brother Brandham said they all happen in a cluster and they're all happening succinctly and in order and one is overlaying the other one and you read the vials and the trumpets and they're almost identical and you realize one is to the Jews, one's to the Gentiles and the same thing that's happening here is happening over here and the vial is temporarily pouring out. Brother Brandham caught it under the seal, a temporary judgment because of rejection of the word. A messenger caught a revelation, ran with it, people gathered, and then God laid them asleep, took them home, they denominated it, and God said a temporary judgment fell. See, a temporary judgment. So, so we see these things breaking partially and they're all happening at the same time. And now you've got these angels and they've already been given the command. Go ahead, bring the winds of war. Bring the woes. It's never happened in the earth. There's been wars and rumors of wars and nation rising against nation, but there's never been a world war that embroils all of the civilized world and even third world countries and everything becomes involved in this titanic affair. And people think that was just some accident. Oh, you know, Ferdinand gets assassinated and none of the monarchs want to go to war, but they can't stop it. And and Wilham's writing letters and, you know, to George and George, they're cousins and George is writing letters to him and they're writing letters to to Nicholas and Nicholas is writing to the Austrians. Come on, fellas. Uh, auntie wouldn't want us fighting like this. Let's not have a war. But they couldn't stop it because it was prophecy. They couldn't stop it. They couldn't they couldn't start it. They couldn't stop it. God started it. God stopped it. See, and why did World War I did that first woe stop suddenly and inexplicably? They don't even understand to this day. And Willham said, "I didn't give the order to stop." The next thing you know, there's peace and the whistles are blowing. Okay, I guess we're done. But you see what no one knew is in another realm that an angel rose from the east. Oh, and he had the seal of the living God. It had had couldn't be anyone but Christ. Only the Holy Ghost can give you the seal. Hallelujah. Only the Holy Ghost can give you the seal. And he rises out of the east with a seal of the living God. And he's got authority to interdict. They've already been given a command by God. Go for it. And he says, "Wait, wait. We've already been told to go forward." Yes, but I all authority as a redeemer has been given unto me. And I say, "Hold." Why do we hold? Because I still got children. I still got I elected down there. And I got to get them sealed. Oh my. And while he's working on all of that and and and and and Europe is going in flames and World War I and the and the turn of the 20th century and the fifth trumpet and the fifth vial are breaking forth and and and all while while Europe's in broad and all of that, God is speaking to a young boy under a tree. Don't ever drink or smoke or defile your body in any way. I got a work for you to do when you get older. Oh, he starts in Armenia. He goes across to the Welsh revival, then comes and lands in Isuza Street. Why does he do that? Because Satan under under that fifth vial under that fifth trumpet. The the Satan falls from heaven as a star. He's given keys to the bottomless pit. And brother Brandham ties that right back to Isaiah and said, "How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning?" And so now he's he's he's got the keys to the bottomless pit, which Brother Brandham correlates to hell. I've got quotes for that. correlates it to hell. And brother Brandon would later say, "See, the lid has been torn from hell and demon powers are streaming. Why do you think the woes could go? Why do you think that the turn of the 20th century brought all of the upheaval and things started going sinful and world wars could happen?" That's not an accident. The world's not crazy by accident. The world is crazy because it has rejected the mind of Christ. Amen. Yeah, that's the truth. And so here's this redeeming this great angel says, "Hold it." And and it's beautiful because there's where Oh, I just got to stop doing that because it just so gets me excited because brother Brandon, that's where brother Brandham said, see there's where we got to watch that little interval of time because right why that's between the sixth and seventh seal and the sixth and seventh trumpet. And while all that's going on, there's a little interval of time God's got to slip down there, send a send a gentile prophet, gather a bride around the word and perfect her and take her in a rapture, a secret catching away. Okay, fellas, you can go have at it. Go ahead. And the winds of war. Here we go. And oh my, it starts flowing and the and finally the second woe ends up in stops. Finally, it winds itself out. The woes aren't necessarily directly the war because World War II ended in 45. The second woe doesn't end till Revelation uh end well into the tribulation. In Revelation 11, the end of the second woe, behold, the third woe cometh quickly. These things aren't accidents. This is God in control of prophecy. Listen, friends, every history that's ever been has been controlled by prophecy. You are not a product of history. This is not a setting of history. This is a setting of prophecy. Hallelujah. What happened in the Coronado Forest north of Tucson? A setting of prophecy. What's happening? God is unfolding his word in a people. Oh, a people. I'm glad to be a part of that people. I never wanted to be a part of a people so bad in all my life. I want to sing I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Glory to God. Sure. So, well, and then there's another one because Malachi 4 is actually an injunction when he says he says, you know, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. He shall turn and turn and turn. It goes on and it says, "Lest I smite." And that Hebrew word lest, it's serving as an injunction that he's saying, "Yes, it's prophesied. It's going to happen. The earth is smitten. It's going to get a curse. The woes are happening. That all of this is moving in a cluster. But but I'm going to have to put a temporary injunction because I got a gentile bride whose names are on the Lamb's Book of Life. And I've spent 2,000 years filling the record of this book, and I'm not going to lose the last age." Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Friends, when the when the enemy came in like a flood, he raised up a standard against it. And it's no one you can't you can't put an injunction. Only God can put an injunction on his own words. Nobody can stop God. Those angels were told, "Wipe it out." And one rises from the east and says, "You're going to wipe it out, but you're going to hold up till I get finished." Yes, I'm going to smite the earth with a curse, but before I do, I got to send Elijah. So, hold the phone. I got to send Elijah down and get a bride. I'm going to get her out of out of America and out of out of Africa and out of Europe and out of Asia, and I'm going to go all around the world and build a global bride and take her home. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. all of these redeemers, all of these God operating in this way. That's why this message is mercy and people hate it and they don't know it's a temporary injunction against the end of the world. And once the bride is taken home, then then the the blood the the blood who the bride is the blood by the spirit, right? Goes home. And then there's no more blood covering for the Gentiles and mercy's over. Now the the the the the that eagle anointing doesn't go back home. He lifts up, flies east, picks up Moses and Elijah, and heads to the 144,000 because they're also going to believe this message. They're also going to be born of the Holy Spirit. They're also going to get a token. They're also going to be part of the first resurrection. They're going to be resurrected. They're part of that resurrection. And they're going to be with us in the millennium. Oh my. You good? Numbers 14. Praise God. Numbers 14. Verses 11 and we'll go down through I'm going to eventually get to 24, but we'll probably stop at about 19 verses. Numbers 14:11. Now we're back to Moses. And the Lord said unto Moses, "How long will this people provoke me? How long will it be? Heir they believe me for all the signs which I have showed among them. I will smite them with the pestilence and disinherit them and will make of thee. Moses will make of you a greater nation and mightier than they. And Moses said unto the Lord, well then the Egyptians will hear it, for thou bringest up this people and thy might from among them. They're going to know what happened. Amen. and they will tell it to the inhabitants of this land. For they have heard that the that that thou, Lord, art among this people, that thou, Lord, art seen face to face, and that that and that thy cloud standeth over them, and that thou goest before them by day, and a pillar of a cloud, and in a pillar of fire by night. Now if you kill all this people as one man, then the nations which have heard the fame of thee will speak, saying, because the Lord was not able to bring this people into the land which he swore unto them, therefore he hath slain them in the wilderness. How convenient. And now I beseech thee, let the power of my Lord be great according as thou has spoken, saying, "The Lord is longsuffering." Can you emphasize, can you pay attention to that one, Lord? I know all those judgment ones and death and killing and plagues and famine, but can you can we talk about how that you're a redeemer? Can we talk about how your throne is established in mercy? Can we talk about how that mercy rejoicth against judgment? Think about this, Lord. I want you to think about your word. The Lord is long-suffering. It's like Moses is saying, "Let this mind which was in you be in you." God, "Whatsoever things, Lord, are lovely and of a good report, think on these things, please." Amen. Here's what I want you to think on. Let the power of my Lord be great according as thou has spoken, saying, The Lord is long-suffering and of great mercy, forgiving iniquity and transgression, and by no means clearing the guilty, visiting the iniquity of the father. You're not a compromiser. You're not a dirty grandpa, but your throne is still established in mercy, and and and iniquity of the fathers upon the children of the third and fourth generation. Pardon, I beseech thee the iniquity of this people according unto the gener the greatness of thy mercy as thou hast forgiven this people from Egypt even to now. Lord, it's been 2,000 years. Don't give up on us now. Oh, you've waited so long to claim a bride. Come on, Lord. Come get this bride. We're just as ready as you are to sit at a table a thousand miles long. Amen. Amen. So strong then see and I I'll come back to that in a minute. So strong is this principle of God in expression as we've been talking about and brother Chad built so beautifully on that today and just extrapolated that out so gloriously. So God th this principle of God in expression is so great that that Moses with with no way to physically stop God. He can't stop God physically and save Israel because that's just something of the flesh. No mortal man can withstand the God of heaven and resist him. But in a realm that no one could see. Oh hallelujah. there was a some kind of connection that was at another level and the spirit of God had called for a redeemer. He wondered is there nobody is there no I wonder that there's nobody to take the to take the charge and be a redeemer and step out and so the Bible said as we read so God took it upon himself to become a redeemer. Is there no one who can stand in the gap between the sinful people and a righteous God? Is there no one who can be like that who can save these people? Is not there a man, Lord? Is not there a man in the middle somewhere? Oh, friends, do you realize what was happening when a prophet was standing there and he's here comes the greatest event the world's been waiting on the book the mystery of redemption sealed up the church. You know, here here's Christ. He cannot He's He's going to take a bride. And we realize the seed had to go into the ground. I get that. I'm not preaching about that. That's that's all going to o over have oversight over the whole thing. Again, it's history controlled by prophecy. But you realize then that what happened in real time was that that early alpha church backslid. And so instead of Christ being able to come and claim a bride, he had to what? Sit back down in the eternities, seal up the word under seven seals, start interceding on behalf of the ignorance of the people. And this is why even Luther and why Wesley could teach doctrines of devils, which was three unclean spirits like frogs, and teach a trinity doctrine, and yet it'd be okay. And God was still saving his people out of the world. Exactly. But it was never going to stay that way because the omega had to return to the alpha. See, this is this is this is why this is why what we have is a restoration. It's not another gospel. It's a restoration of the original gospel because they went so high and then they apexed and begin to decline. This omega message takes us back to that apex and takes us on into a body change. Thank you, Jesus. That's why he said, "I never preached anything but what Paul preached because everything that we understand in the message, I understand that that things had to come in fulfillment and we're going to experience things that Alpha Church didn't." If you struggle with that, then just go ahead and cut to the chase and just realize you're going to be alive and remain and be changed. That never happened to them. They didn't live long enough. The church declined, but you have been restored. Hallelujah. So, we're not talking about the need for an eighth age or an eighth messenger or an eighth this or an eighth that. The the word has certainly returned to its eternal day. My soul is still its an eternal day. Even in the millennium, the earth will still be waiting for its eighth day. But the word clearly has went back. The the omega has now joined back to the alpha. Sure. Every doctrine we have, you know, I I had a minister trying to convince me that what we have is more than what Paul had. I said, "Well, our experience might be greater than the first church. We're going in a body change." They didn't. So I Okay, fine. But don't Okay. If if we have more understanding of the of Christ and the mystery of God, please tell me which of our doctrines is not based on what Paul taught, the Godhead, water baptism, the original sin, the identity of Melzdc, the mystery of the rapture. Which one? What what doctrine? marriage and divorce, the the gifts of the spirit. Tell me tell me the coming of the Lord in three phases. Shout, voice, trumpet. Tell me what doctrine that we have that Paul is that is not based on what Paul taught. Well, we're the final voice to the final age. Of course, we are because Paul was the final voice to all the ages. And he said, "My words can't be countermanded. Even I can't change them. No angel can change them. Even God couldn't change them because God gave them to him. that God never changes his mind about his word. You can rely on that. He'll never change his mind about his word. Thank you, Jesus. See? Yeah. So, so, so we find that this is why Brother Brandham talked about that age. They had the It was the Jubilee, the long awaited Jubilee. Brother Ram said they had the abstract title deed. The token was on full display. They were ready for a rapture until they backslid. See, I I'm not preaching on that tonight. Let me get off that. Amen. I see you starting to blink. I don't know if you're getting sleepy or I've lost you somewhere. You good? Do we need to stand up sing and let me keep going? So, so now you've got a prophet in our day and he comes to these opening of these seals and it's going to be a complete restoration. And this is why brother Brandham, this is exactly why brother Brandham when he's teaching in the book of revelation and he says you notice that he's all the time saying I'm the first and I'm the last. I'm the beginning and I'm the ending. I'm the alpha. I'm the omega. And brother Brandham points out he doesn't say a lot about the middle. He said it's like you're standing. Brother Brandham used the the the imagery of standing in front of the seven lampstands and and he said Jesus is standing in front of him and he's got his hand stretched out and he's saying I'm the alpha and I'm the omega. And and brother Brandham is explaining. You say, "Well, wasn't Christ in the middle?" Of course he was. John saw him walking in the middle of the seven lampstands. Jesus said, "I'll never leave you nor forsake you." So certainly Jesus was in the middle, but not everything in the middle was Jesus. It had become another Jesus that Paul feared. It had become what brother Brandham called an ad mixture. But the alpha and the omega were perfect. The alpha was the word and the word alone, unadulterated, unmixed. The the the omega is a restoration of that alpha. Hallelujah. Friends, no wonder we can go home in a body change. Yes, sir. So this is this is what the prophet taught. This is this is basic stuff. Brother Brandham taught this over and over and over. And so so we find that that here stands brother Brandham. And now watch he's standing there and he's he's he's coming to the point where here John representing the bride. Here's a strong angel representing uh uh the the prophet of our day, brother Brandham. And you say, "How do you know he's a prophet?" Because John kept trying to worship him several times and he kept stopping him. Because any true prophet will always redirect worship back to the worthy one away from himself. It's a sign of a true prophet. And he says, "Don't worship me. I'm just one of your brothers, one of the prophets." He was John's tour guide. And so he's standing there and this strong angel cries out, "Who is worthy? Let him come and take the book." And brother Brandham says, "Oh, maybe I'm just feeling it this way, but let him come and take the book if he will and loose the seals or forever hold his peace." What What kind of anointing was on that? If you go back to Deuteronomy 31, you find that God said to Moses, "Moses, the time that has come that you must die. call for Joshua and present yourselves in the tabernacle of the congregation. And he calls for Joshua cuz Joshua is going to lead him over. Not Moses. Moses is going to leave the scene. But Moses call for Joshua. Prophet, not Aaron, not priest, not a preacher. Prophet Moses call for Joshua. If you don't call him, he won't come. Call him. And he come. And then Moses and Joshua present themselves together. And the pillar of fire comes on the scene. And here is a prophet saying, "Oh, let him come." He's calling the Holy Ghost, calling on the Joshua ministry. Come and take the book. And and John is weeping. He's crying. And here comes a a theophony saying to him, "Don't weep." John, one of the 24 elders. And John himself actually was one of those 24 elders. And he says, "Don't weep, John. Stop crying. Calm down, son. Uh stand up. It's okay. the lion of the tribe of Judah, he has prevailed. And John turned to see a lion and he saw a lamb. See, he saw a lamb and the lamb comes forward and takes the book and and and this strong angel is has to call for this worthy one as Moses calls for Joshua. And I don't want to I can't keep taking side channels even though I keep feeling pulled in that direction. But we realize that now Moses had entered into a channel. Now we're back to our scripture. Moses has entered into a channel as an intercessor. The anointing of a redeemer is taking over his lips and he's saying, "Pardon them. Oh, pardon them and forgive them and let your mercy be great. Yes, they did all these things. Yes, it's true. You can indict them. You can destroy them. It would be just. It would be sensible. It would be logical. But the Holy Spirit isn't concerned about man's logic or man's reasoning. He's dealing with election. And this is his family. If he is dealing with election, friends, you and I would have been gone a long time ago. We'd have been kicked to the curb. Oh, I'm so glad he's not working by man's theory. I'm so glad it's a word of the living God that has called me. He stood in the gap at the risk of his own life. Something compelled him. compelled him from another realm and he he couldn't keep silent and and and so you know it was fair. God had every right to do it but election goes to a whole another level. Grace finds a way. It's not favoritism. It's origin. It's origin. Yeah, that's right. It's not It's not unfair to you that I was born the son of Ed Watkins. That's not has nothing to do with fairness. You weren't. I was. You weren't. Okay, but that's not anything to do with fairness. It just is. He was my dad. I I'm not the son of your dad. And that has nothing to do with fairness. You might You don't have liked my dad. You You might have say, you know, me and my dad have problems. I think I'd like to had your dad. I'm sorry you couldn't get my dad. I He was my dad. I came out of his loins. It's not about fairness. See, God. And so, so, so we realize that it's not favoritism. It's origin. And, and the redeemer is redeeming his family because God God loves his offspring. It's the heritage of the Lord. He had already spoken. He had already spoken uh through Moses to Pharaoh. He had already told him, "This is what we're going to do." And you know, you know how that goes. Pharaoh's like, "Well, okay. I tell you what, you can go for a while, but leave your little ones and leave your cattle and all your livestock and go out and worship and then come on back." And Moses said, "You're missing the point, buddy. We're leaving. We ain't coming back." Amen. God is delivering us. You're not letting us go. You already God's even going to harden your heart so you wouldn't let us go so he can take us. You're not going to say that you helped Abraham's family. Abraham wouldn't take an offering from those kings. He said, "Then you'll say you've made Abraham rich and I'm not going to be indebted to this world. I'm not going to be indebted to the devil. I'm not looking for a treaty or an armistice or a truce. I'll leave you alone if you leave me alone." Nothing doing. I'm going after him. I'm going after God's family. I'm going after every prisoner of war. That's what preachers do. We'll leave nothing of the Lord's heritage behind. It's your right under redemption. I'm moving to the finish line. It's your right. Redemption has authority in it. And if you can just believe it and accept it, then it'll go to working for you. It's a force. It's an energy. It's God's life. It moves. It'll it God has used his redemptive power. What's he been doing? Redeeming his family and that has shaped and molded history, not the other way around. It wasn't God going, "Oh my goodness, this is happening. I better come up with a plan. Oh my goodness, I thought this wasn't going to happen. It's happening. I better come up with a plan of redemption." All of these things are happening because of the plan of redemption. It's it's all part of God's redemptive plan. We're not going to surrender. Moses said, "We're not leaving anything behind." I'm here to tell you something, friends. I'm not going to I'm not going to surrender the mind of Christ to the insanity of this world. I don't have to, and I'm not going to. We're not going to surrender our peace that passes all understanding. We're not going to surrender faith that moves mountains. We're not going to surrender our marriages. We're not going to surrender our teenagers. We're not going to surrender our families. We're not going to surrender our churches. Not one of them. [Applause] Amen. God will take our children home before he'll give them to the Satan if he has to. They're our inheritance. There's never been an age There's never been an age like this age where the spirit of depression and anxiety are raging and ripe. And brother Brandham directly, I don't have the time to get to the quotes tonight, but brother Brandham, I never knew it till the other day, he tied that directly to the accelerated men shall run to and fro at the end time and knowledge shall be increased. And he says the mind of man can't keep up with that. It's just happening too quick and he's going crazy over it. And it's what's caused a neurotic age. But I'm here to tell you, I'm not going to give up the mind of Christ. I'm not going to give into depression or an anxiety. We will not surrender our rights to have the joy of the Lord. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory and it's mine and it's yours. [Applause] And the Lord said, I have pardoned according to thy word. Verse 20. But as truly as I live, all the earth shall be filled with the glory of the Lord. Because all those men which have seen my glory and my miracles, which I did in Egypt and in the wilderness, and have tempted me now these 10 times, and have not hearkened to my voice, surely they shall not see the land which I swore unto their fathers. Neither shall any of them that provoke me see it. I love this. But my servant Caleb, because he had another spirit with him, and hath followed me fully, him will I bring into the land wherein to he went, and his seed shall possess it. Yes, sir. You see friends, as we come down to the end time, something that jumps out at me as we are living in these closing scenes of earth's history is the massive contrast between the false church of Revelation 3 and the bride in Revelation 22. Yeah. The spirit and the bride say come. See, now that's important because that that you find that typed back in Nehemiah chapter 2 where where Nehemiah is ready to go back and it's it's approaching the time of the feast of tabernacles which is millennium. Speaks of millennium. It's a little broader than that, but it speaks uh feast of tabernacles, feast of booths, and it's it's the millennium and it's Nehemiah is coming back. Ezra had Zerubabel had already went not by might, not by power, by my spirit. Remember, say that to Zerubable. Then then 13 years later, Ezra takes back some more. And then finally, Nehemiah is going to go back and they're going to try to get the uh you know, the foundation and get the temple and get the wall and trying to get it all back restored. Cyrus had told them they could redo it. And now it's come down through a long time and lots of trials. And Nehemiah comes to the king. It's time for the feast of tabernacles. Can I go back? And he says, you know, how long will you be gone? And what will you do? And this is what I'll do and then I'll come back and all this kind of stuff. And the Bible says that the shows us in Nehemiah 2 that the king granted it. And the Bible says a curious thing only in one place in the whole all the Bible. And the queen sitting with him and the queen with him. She wasn't talking because the whole context of the Hebrew is she's speaking in one unified voice. She's agreeing what the king has said. She's saying amen. And it's the only time at the time of the feast of tabernacles at the restoration of Israel. That now you've got what do you got? Because that's Esther. That if you go back to to even theologians agree with that. If you do the math, it's real easy to figure out. That is almost certainly Esther. And and here you go, friends. Oh my goodness. You've got a you've got a king and you've got a queen and you've got the time of the feast of tabernacles and you've got the restoration of Israel and you've got a queen speaking in the unified voice. The spirit and the bride say come. Oh, it's going home time, friends. We're ready to go home. And what? Look at the contrast. You've got a church in chapter 3 that basically they're they're they're they're defying God. I have. We have. We don't need. We got this. You know, I I'm enriched and increased with goods. I don't need the word. I don't need We certainly don't need We've spent all this time building up our program in church. I don't need the word of God interfering with that. And they're going to literally put him out. And they're going to cease being the mouthpiece of God because God's going to take that privilege from See, because when you want to believe a lie, he'll go ahead and let you and then you'll be damned by it. See, and you can't hang that on God. You can't pin that on God. Jesus picks that up. Going back to quote the the Old Testament prophet, he says, "And their eyes they have closed, lest they should see the glorious word." And then I and then I and then they believe and then I heal them. They have closed their eyes. When you close your eyes for the last time, then God says, "Okay, then you will never see it again." And I say unto you that all those men who were bidden to come to my supper and one said, "I've married a wife and I have me excused." And and the Lord just said, "Granted. You're excused. I bought a piece of land. Have me excused. Granted. I bought a yoke of oxen. I can't come." Granted. Granted. Granted. Granted, Lord, what do we do? There's still room. Go into the hedges and to the highways. And that's where he found me. And that's where he found you. And we didn't give him an excuse. We said, "I'll gladly come to the feast. My table will be full. What a contrast. One church who's no longer his mouthpiece. And he's going to turn on her because the voice of God will be in the bride. Hallelujah, friends. That's your inheritance. That's what comes with election. That's what comes in redemption. It's the power. It makes you a redeemer. Praise God. See their blindness. They couldn't perceive that they had reached the last gasp of a dying world and the time of the end had arrived. But the bride in Revelation 22, she had a whole different outlook. She said, you know, the spirit and the bride say come. You know why she could have that kind of message? cuz she heard the message of grace and just before it's over, right at the last of the book. And it's almost over and we're just about done. And the spirit and the bride one last time, whosoever will quickly, it's almost over. If you're here tonight, it's almost over. And the message of grace is coming to you. It's a bride who heard a tape called God Rich in Mercy. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm so glad that I am part of that group. I'm so glad to be in that number. Oh my. The Lord Jesus sent his angel. Think about it. His signifying angel. His signifying angel. The spirit of Christ and the bride are all speaking in a unified voice. Oh, this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice and be glad in it. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has made. Oh, stand to your feet. Let's rejoice in him tonight. Let me have my musicians. Amen. Y'all sing that here, brother. If not, all right, that's an oldie goie. This is the day that the Lord has made. I will be glad and rejoice in it. Oh, hallelujah, friends. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Oh, so much more we could have got to. We're completely out of time. You know something? Just as we they ceue that up and get that ready. I'm I'm I'm not of that group who plunge off the edge and go screaming into the abyss. Amen. That's not my inheritance. I have no desire to be that. I don't want to follow that witch. I don't want that kind of church. I don't want that kind of religion. I want the the kind that God poured out on the day of Pentecost. The real fire breathing Holy Ghost. We've been completely restored back to an abstract deed. That means everything that's ever was is struck off against you. Oh, you can you can rejoice in it, friend, because this is the day the Lord has made and he's chosen you to be in it. You see, now now you know what we've done. We've come full circle back to Abraham. God was had already assured him. God had already told him who he is, what's going to happen. A prophet came in this day. He's told you who Christ was. He's told you who you are. He's showed you the word of God. He's invited you to the table. You're sitting there feasting with the king. All God needed Abraham to do, what Abraham, listen, it all comes down to this. Keep going forward. [Music] As preachers, we don't have all the answers. Does that shock you? We wonder at things. We I don't know how all this is going to play out, but but I do know my destination. I do know I'm headed to Mount Zion. I do know it only goes up and I'm climbing. I do know that I'm reaching for a higher handhold. How about you do that tonight? Say, "Lord, I'm going to reach for a higher handhold. Eventually, I'm going to get to the top because this is the day the Lord has made. I've been called to the marriage supper of the lamb." What a privileged people. Just keep going forward. We don't have to figure it all out. I don't know exactly how it all play out, but I know I'm one of them. I know where I'm going. I know this word is true. Just keep going forward because forward is onward and onward is [Applause] upward. Hallelujah. And I want to go upward. Help me out. is a day. This is the day. Come on. Oh yeah. I [Music] will I will be glad. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, I will rejoice and be glad in you. Oh, this is the day. This is the day that the Lord has again. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has that. [Music] What about [Music] you? Hallelujah. Oh, glory. This is the day that the Lord has made. This day I will rejoice and be glad in. This is the day. This is the name that the Lord has [Music] made. Hallelujah. You know what happened after redemption took place? You know what happened at the end of chapter 59 of Isaiah? Isaiah 60. Arise, shine, thy light has come. Oh, once redemption was in place. Once the great emancipator had forgiven us and had placed us and had brought us to his banqueting table. Now the message to you. Yes, it's a dark world. Yes, gross darkness is upon the people. But arise, shine. Thy light has come. Oh, have you come to the rising of the sun under full redemption. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a hand. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. Oh, this is the day. Oh, this is the day that the Lord has made. That the Lord has [Music] made. Come on, here we go. This is the [Music] day. I will rejoice and be glad. [Music] Oh, you're singing good. Oh, you got it now. You really got it. Come on. Here we go again. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has the God bless you. I will be [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] God. He is like [Music] God. He is God. He is alive. I feel him in my hand. I feel him in my will. I feel him in my heart. I feel them all. We heard a lifegiving sermon tonight. God. He is not. Oh, God. Not. He is. Oh, God. Not. Heat. Heat. [Music] Thank God to give us so many [Music] blessings. We are a little more. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Yes. We are We [Music] are little more. Sing it one more time. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Oh, tomorrow. Cast your burden. Oh, unto Jesus. Oh, for he cares for you. Cast your burden. Oh, unto Jesus. Oh, he came onward and upward. Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lift Jesus forward and upward. Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lift Jesus. Lower, lower, lower, lower. lower under your feet. [Music] Stop [Music] saying over and over. Oh s your burden. [Music] Jesus for you. [Music] Oh, he cares for you. He cares. He cares. He cares tonight. Hallelujah. He never promised that the cross would not give him and the hill would not be. Lord, we thank you and we praise you. Never [Music] offer without leave you nor forsake you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Don't give up, but hold on. Hold on. Help from heaven. And he will take you through the fire. He never promised. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Lord, I thank you tonight. Amen. [Music] Just remember in the valley of the [Music] season remember it's him holding you and I will sh and he will bring you through the just hold on just hold on Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Good to me because you are good to me. Good to me. You are good to me. Good to me. You are oh good to me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I put on my truth of your love. A promise that'll never fail. I [Applause] [Music] still Oh, [Music] hallelujah. Onward and upward your name. and the they will not foresee my oh good to me to me you are oh good to me good to me you good [Music] Sing Psalms 121 says, "I'll lift up my heart to the hill where my is." Oh, there's help in him tonight. Your voice feels like my [Music] head will praise you my God. We praise you Lord. You see the will not see [Applause] you. To me to me to be to me. [Music] So good. Can you lift your hands? Just you and him. Close your eyes and sing it to him tonight. He comes. You are good to me. Good to me. You are good to me. Good to me. You are good to me. [Music] We heard a tremendous word tonight. A tremendous word this morning. My God is good to us tonight. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he me, how he me through the earth. Oh, hallelujah. Come down. Oh, how he take me up. Oh, and he turned me around. And now he set my feet. Come up hither. Solid [Music] ground. Makes me want to shout. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, we can never thank you without all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. [Music] It makes me worship. Oh, thank you Jesus. All the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Amen. Let's give him a praise offering. [Music] Lord, you're so good to us. You're so good to us, Lord. And we can never thank you enough. Let's pray tonight. Can you bow your heads tonight? Heavenly Father, thank you for allowing us to come to your table tonight. You at the head of the table, Lord. You served the word tonight. Fresh strong meat, Lord, that we can put it into our bodies. Strength and nourishment for our souls. Oh, we thank you tonight, Lord. Thank you for the liberty. Thank you for the Holy Spirit moving in and out of the aisles, walking the aisles tonight, walking the hearts and touching hearts tonight. Lord, I ask you to bless brother Jason Watkins, Lord, restoring him virtue, Lord, as he dropped into that extra gear, Lord. And it was not him, it was you using his voice. We thank you for that tonight, Lord. We love you. Thank you for your goodness and your grace in our lives. We love you and we praise you. We ask you to bless our visitors here tonight. Bless the needy tonight. We love you and we praise you. Everyone said amen. It's been good to be in the house of the Lord. Remember our service tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock. Thank you again for all the helpers and the visitors that helped today with their lunch. We want to say God bless you. May the Lord be your portion tonight as we go. Even so, come Lord Jesus come. This will be our dismissal song tonight. Amen. Looking forward to the final service tomorrow morning. Even so come Lord Jesus come. Would this be your prayer tonight? Take your ride away. [Music] How my soul wants to be with you [Music] my leave for Jesus. This next verse, I hope it's your declaration to him tonight. Oh Lord, you are the love of my soul. And Lord, you are exalted over [Music] all and [Music] I [Music] worship you, Lord. You are you are you are dismissed. Keep the sanctuary holy. The visiting churches from Flagstaff and Phoenix and Tucson. Thank you for coming and being with us. The local churches here in peace. You come. You blessed us with your presence. May God bless you abundantly. You that came from Flagstaff or Tucson, God bless you. You come from out of state, God bless you. The greatest words that we can tell someone is, "God bless you." God bless you tonight. [Music] Peace. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] distance. Okay. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
