################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-16 - The Revealing of the Open Book was a Declaration of War - Bro. Ron Peterson - Ron Peterson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-16
Title:   The Revealing of the Open Book was a Declaration of War - Bro. Ron Peterson
Speaker: Ron Peterson
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QFsk0aK6uj4
========================================

[Music] So here Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're thank you. All together lovely to get worthy together. They're wonderful to King of all days. King of all days. King of all days. You highly exalted. Yes. In heaven above humbly. You came. Ced all for love's sake. He came. Here I am. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together. Lovely. All together. All together wonderful to me. I'll never know. I'll never know how much it cost to see my sin upon that cross. I'll never know how much it costs to see my sin upon that. Here I am to worship. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together worthy. All together worthy. Amen. He's wonderful to me this morning. I know he's wonderful to you today. He's a wonderful God and worthy to be praised and adored. Want to welcome you to the house of the Lord on Resurrection Sunday. Want to say happy father's day to all our dads today. May the Lord bless you. But we have a father here that would like to be adored today. Amen. And that's our heavenly father this morning. May we adore him and worship him. Thank him for changing our lives. I'm thankful he changed my life this morning. He's worthy to be praised. worthy to be adored today. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you this morning. Let's sing that this morning. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you [Music] and I love you, adore you, bow down before you heavenly father. There I appreciate [Applause] you. Holy Spirit, you're comfort. Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. Are you thankful for that today? Oh, Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. So thankful for his leadership today. You lead me and you guide me. And the most important part, you're dwelling inside me. Holy Spirit, ren your comfort. Heavenly Father, can we lift our hands and sing it to him this morning? Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Oh, heavenly mind. I appreciate Lord. We love you. We praise you. We adore you today. I love you and adore you. before you. [Music] Amen. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary this morning. A sanctuary for the dwelling of the Holy Spirit this morning. Oh Lord, prepare me. Be a sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true with thanksgiving. I'll be a living I'll be a living sanu [Music] as we sing at this time may be our prayer to him this morning. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, a dwelling place for the most high today, pure and holy, oh tried and true. When Thanksgiving, I'll be a living sanctuary. Amen. Before we read our requests and our praise reports, it's already done. It's already done. The work has been done. Jesus Christ has paid the price for whatever we have need of today. Let's sing this and then we'll read our needs today. Amen. And I'm thankful that the sacrifice has been paid. It's already done. Hallelujah. [Music] It's already done. Praise the Lord. The battle is over. The victory is won. It's already done. I'm already healed. I'm It's what we believe today. Oh, I'm already healed. I will praise the Lord. The battle is over. Praise God. It's already done. My family, my family is here. Hallelujah. My family is here. Praise the Lord. Lives over. Amen. Brother Josh Mukabai, we want to welcome him and his family back from the Congo. and I ask brother Josh to come lead us in prayer this morning and pray over the needs of the people. First, our praise reports this morning. Um, brother Mike writes down, "Sister Anna and sister Mary want to praise the Lord for being able to get their air conditioning unit going yesterday. Uh, Brother Arenas and the AC tech charged them half of the amount of what a normal person would. So we thank the Lord for being with brother this brother that helped out sister Ann and sister Mary. May the Lord just bless the Inus household. Brother Josh Mokubai says I want to thank the Lord for traveling mercies for bringing I bring greetings from the Congo believers in Kenshasa. So we'll ask brother Josh to pray. Sister Veronica Vargas says I want to thank all the saints that prayed for me. The Lord answered and gave me a very successful surgery that went better than expected. The Lord blessed you all. So we thank the Lord for that this morning. Amen. Our prayer request this morning. Amen. Uh, Sister Ramona Love all is at home not feeling well. Want to remember her. I want you, if you remember my, uh, cousin Matthew Venoy, my aunt Carol, uh, they were just here a couple weeks ago. My dad sent me a text this morning. My aunt Carol sent him. My cousin Matthew, he fell Friday. He broke his pu uh pubic bone on his pelvis on the left side and he's in a wheelchair and going to have to have some uh rehabilitation. So, let's remember Matthew and be man Carol taking care of him. We ask you to touch her today as well. Brother Amos is u not feeling well. He's at home sick and he they're leaving for a trip on Tuesday. So, let's remember uh the Petersons as they travel and the Lord would be with brother Amos, give them a quick recovery. Sister Maria Argosola, please pray for Sister Cindy Martin. She is going to have open heart surgery tomorrow. God bless you. So, let's remember this sister. May the Lord just guide the surgeon's hands and the team that work on her. And may this heart surgery go well. Amen. I ask you to remember Jeffrey. He got sick last night and was up throughout the night. So, remember him. If you remember him today, it would be greatly appreciated. Also, a request for brother Jerry Sers. We want to continue to remember him. May the Lord give him a quick recovery from his sickness. So, let's remember brother Jerry. Amen. Do you have a need today that you'd like to present to the heavenly father? Amen. I'm already healed. And ask brother Josh to come pray over the needs. Confess it this morning. Believe it because he is our healer this morning. I'm already healed as Josh comes today. I'm already healed. Hallelujah. If you want to greet the people, you can. It's over. [Music] It's already done. Amen. Let's all pray. Precious heavenly father, how grateful we are this morning to stand before your throne of mercy. You are the only living God. The only one who could give his life and take it back. [Music] There's an optimum this morning because you are alive. Lord Jesus, we come this morning as your children bought by your blood redeemed by the price that no man could ever pay. That's right. You pay that price. Thank you, Lord. Not because we were worthy, but because you so much loved us. Thank you, Jesus. We want to ask you this morning, Father, as your children is gathered here [Music] to drop some of that drips of love in the heart of your people. Father, there's need. That's what makes you God because you provide to our need. You are our Boaz. Yes, you are. the one who was worthy. Father, we stand before you bringing this need before you. Some of them are serious. No doctors we know can do anything about it. But time after time, we stand before you and brought them to you because we know only you, God, can make a change. You can heal. You can restore. You can give life back. Father, we ask you this morning in the powerful name of the Lord Jesus Christ that you great the desires of your people. Oh Lord Jesus, your prophets say it will improve, increase our faith, trust when we ask you something in which you giving us because you say if your fathers on this earth, you ask them anything, they'll never give a stone. That's right. How much more your heavenly father? Thank you, Lord. In this father's day, Amen. Won't you come once again? Father, steal our heart as we stand in your presence. Lord, Lord, we commit this service before you. You take control of the song. You take control of the preaching. Don't let us go back the same way we came. Father, this message is not historical. Yes. The supernatural is where this message is. That's why Father, we ask that you do something special this day for your people because you are a living God. We give you glory and honor because you only deserve it and because you only give your life for us and because you have a place that you prepare for us to go soon and meet you, oh Lord Jesus. Glory and honor be back to you. In the most powerful name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. You may be seated this morning. Amen. Amen. We want to thank God for the traveling mercies. Uh we went to Congo with my family. Uh some of my kid they never been there and it was uh an experience for them. And so uh we met a lot of believers uh men of God that ask us to greet you and greet our pastor that they remember very well. So we are happy to be back home. It's hot over there and uh a lot of humidity so we're sweating all the time but uh we back here and it's hot too. So praise God. God bless you. I'm home, Josh. You and your family. May the Lord bless them. Um, want to welcome Justice and Alyssa back from their honeymoon. Good to have them here with us today. Want to welcome the Buchanan visiting today. Any other visitors we welcome in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. I'm glad that the father abides with us this morning. Amen. The heavenly father. That's who we're singing about today. He abides. He abides. I'm rejoicing night and day. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the field from way for the hand of God. All my life I see. And the reason of my bliss and the secret all is in the comforter abid with me. Amen. He abides. Oh he. [Applause] Oh, hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night as I walk the pilgrim way. The comforter abides with me. And once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within till I heard out the side upon the tree. Then I felt that at his feet. And there came a peace so sweet. Comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. Oh, he abides. Hallelujah. Abides with me. Rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the com abides with me. And he is with me everywhere. And he knows my every care. I'm as happy as the bird, just as free. For the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul since the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. [Music] Jojo rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter bites with me. And there's no thirsting for the wing. The world they taking wings long ago I gave them up and instantly all my night turned to day and all my burdens rolled away. Now the covenant I say thank you Lord. Amen. Oh he abides. Oh he abides. Oh hallelujah. He abides with me night and day as I walk the narrow away for the comforter ab with me. Ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving? That's what we ought. We ought to thank him. Oh, love and pray. A little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. Oh, ain't God good to give us so many blessings undeserving? That's what we are. We ought to thank you little more today and we'll sing it again this morning. Oh, ain't God good? Yes, he is. Many blessings and deserving. That's what we are. We ought to thank him that little more today and a whole lot more tomorrow. God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hands. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my heart. I feel him up. Are you thankful today? Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. Oh, God's not dead. He is alive. I feel him in my hand. I feel him in my feet. I feel him in my arm. Feel him all over me. Thank you, Lord, that you're alive and well today. Every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship in one. Every word, every praise, every praise is who I've got. I'm thankful that I could sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Oh, glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise. Every praise is to our God. Sing it as a testimony. God my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. That's what he is. Oh yes he is. God my savior. God my healer. Er, yes he is. Yes, he is. Every praise, every praise to our God. Every word of worship. Sister perfect. Sister perfect. Come sing praise. Every praise to our God. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah to my God. Glory. Hallelujah. Every praise. Lord, we clap our hands. Lord, we lift our hands because you said in your scripture, I wish men would come and lift their holy hands to you. We said it in your word. And Lord, that's what we do today. We love you, Lord. Blessed be your name today. Amen. Lord, bless Sister Perfect. We have the words for her song if they'll display those as she sings. Thank you for singing for us, Perfect. [Music] I'm a creation, a perfect reflection of Christ, my king. Yes, I'll fight this fight until I win my perfect crown. Here I am standing, believing he's Christ in me. I'm a creation, a perfect reflection of Christ. We have the power to create to speak the word today. Just like Branam to call into existence. The authority he gave to move into action. The third pool today is in our hands. I'm a creation, a perfect reflection of Christ my king. Yes, I'll fight this fight until I win my perfect crown. Here I am standing believing he's Christ in me. I'm a creation, a perfect reflection of Christ. The last trump has sounded the finish line before us. And by faith I'll keep pressing on to persevere in his word to walk in his footsteps. I'm reflected in his image. I won't fail. I'm a creation, a perfect reflection of Christ, my king. Yes, I'll fight this fight until I win my perfect crown. Here I am standing up believing he's Christ in me. I'm a creation that perfect reflection of Christ. The word speaks to me. I see myself in need. Transformation just like Sarah. Abraham is on me. A name and body change. The promise I've received. Oh, the choice he made on Calvary just for me. I'm a creation that perfect reflection of Christ my king. Yes, I'll fight this fight until I win my perfect crown. Here I am standing believing he's Christ in me. I'm a creation, a perfect reflection of Christ. I'm a creation, a perfect reflection of Christ my king. Yes, I will fight this fight until I win my perfect crown. Here I am standing. I'm believing he's Christ in me. I'm a creation that perfect reflection of Christ. Here I am standing believing he's Christ in me. I'm a creation that perfect reflection of Christ. Amen. Amen. That is a positive declaration of song. And what is it? It is Christ in you and I. That's a beautiful song. Thank you for singing that today. [Applause] Let's stand this morning as we get ready to change the word of the service this morning. Good, good father. That's what he is to me. He's a good good father. Are you thankful for the heavenly father in your life? Let's sing this this morning. this morning as we get ready to change the order of the service. [Music] Lord, it's just not a song, but it's a relationship with you, Lord. That we can say, "Aba, Father, what a father you are." And I've heard a thousand stories of what they think you're like. And I've heard the tender whisper of love in the dead of And you tell me that you're pleasing that I never alone. You're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. And I sly searching for answers far and wide. But I know we're all searching for answers. Only you provide because you give us what we need before we say word. You're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I. It's who I. It's who I am. Cuz you're perfect in all of your ways. You're perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways to us. You are perfect in all. Yes, he is. You are perfect in all. Love your ways. You are perfect in all. Love your ways to us. [Music] Love so uniable I can hardly speak. Peace so unexplainable. I can't hardly think. And you call me deeper still. And you call me deeper. Thank you, Lord. You call me deeper still into love, love, love. Nana, you're a good father. Can you say amen? Can you lift your hand and say, "It's who you are." Oh, and I'm loved by you. It's who I Oh, it's who I am. It's who I You're a good good father. You're a good good father today. You are so good. Give him a hand. Clap a praise this morning. Good, good father to us this morning as brother Ron comes this morning. Casting all my cares on the father this morning. Casting all my cares. Let's sing that this morning. Casting all my cares. The greatest love story. So I'm casting all my cares on you. [Music] I know you love me. redemption by blood. Oh, that's the greatest love story and full restoration. [Music] Pull redemption. That's what seven angels in a clown passed by. My redeemer's no longer dead. He's risen. And the greatest thing, he's coming back for you and me. Sing it this morning. Oh, I'm Captain. [Music] Oh, I know you love me. Redemption by love. Great is love story and for resurrection for redempt. That's what seven angels in a cloud has. Our redeemer's no longer dead. He's risen coming back. One more time. Sing it again as a declaration. Casting all my cares on you. I know you love me. You love me. Redemption by [Music] the greatest love story [Music] for restoration. redemption. That's what seven angels in a cloud testify. My redeemer's no longer dead in ris coming back for you and me. Give him praise this morning. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. I love my father. Amen. Because he first loved me. That's right. Predestinated me. Put an elect seed in me. It was all about him. It wasn't about me. It's all about him. Hallelujah. And he's such a great father. It'll take an eternity. Yes. That's right. Amen. Amen. My mind cannot comprehend the things that God has got prepared for his people. Lord, heavenly father, as we come before you this morning, how we say within our hearts, Abba Father, how that our hearts are overflowing with your love and how, Father, that you have placed within us a seed of election. It wasn't of our works. It wasn't of how good we are, but it was because you made a promise. Thank you, Lord. You made a covenant. And Father, you keep your word. Yes, you do. Every man's word is a lie, but yours is truth. And we rely upon that. Therefore, Father, I ask you to come and break the bread of life to us this morning once again as we commit the service, Father, into thy hands, loving you and praising you for all that you've done and for all that you will do in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Amen. Happy Father's Day to all of you. Greet you in the lovely name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Not all those who are able to procreate seed are fathers. That's an elite title. Not all those who conceive are mothers. They are birthing people. Just Yeah. that that that's how they want to be recognized because they don't have that that valued title as a mother and as a father. Amen. And so uh also too today, I don't know if we announced Stephen and Emily Manard had their little baby uh this morning. So what I don't have the pictures, I don't have all the things. They sent me the details, but I'll wait till later to show you. They didn't send me a photo, so I don't know. Uh, it's a little boy. It's a little boy. So, happy Father's Day to to Stephen Menard and Emily. I mean, what a gift on a on a Father's Day, huh? You'll never forget that one. You That's like being born on Christmas. You get a Christmas gift. Yeah. What a What a time, huh? And, uh, Justice and Alyssa, God bless you. It's good to have our newly weds back here with us. God richly bless them. Let's just remain standing. turn directly to the word. Let's go to the book of Deuteronomy. Book of Deuteronomy. Got a little something on my heart this morning that the Lord as I was just in studying yesterday and he he took me in this direction. We're going to use this to perhaps launch off for a next couple services. Deuteronomy chapter 7 verses 1-9. Now, remember, we've been talking about Joshua, and we know that Joshua was called Moses minister. We know that Joshua was a man of war. Everywhere that you saw there was a battle, Joshua was in the midst of it. And so, he was a great man of war. And and we know that our God, he is a man of war. Amen. He's one that leads us into battle. So, we're going to parallel a little bit of the commission of Joshua, what he does and how he goes in and he takes the land and he brings to the people their inheritance. But their inheritance is something that's given to them, placed before him. Okay, this is where you belong, but they have to go possess it. It's not given to them. It's given to them as a promise, but then they've got to go and take it out of the greasy, grimy hands of the devil. You gotta fight for it. Yes, sir. Amen. So, you know, I I want you to all understand sometimes, you know, even the prophet said, a lot of times people think, well, coming to Christ and your battle's all over and and everything's good and you walk around on on a cloud all the time and and you just feel the love of God all and you love everybody and the devil, hey, he's way in the background anymore and he doesn't bother you, doesn't pester you. Listen, uh, you better understand that when you come to Christ, you have now entered a battle ground. That's right, Sister Perfect. You were singing about it. This fight that we fight, we must fight a good fight. Not as one who beatth the air. Don't close your eyes and go into a fight like this because you're going to get knocked out. That's right. How? Amen. Then the only stars you'll see be the ones that you got knocked out. You won't see the star messenger. It is knocked out. God help us. You going to fight. Amen. Fight a good fight. Amen. Amen. All right. Praise the Lord. Are you happy this morning? Yes, sir. Amen. I am. I love being a Christian. Deuteronomy 7:es 1-9. Let me get my glasses here. Deuteronomy 7:es 1-9. And when the Lord thy God shall bring thee into the land, whether thou goest to possess it, and hath cast out many nations before thee, the Hittites, the Gegosites, and the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, seven nations greater, and mightier than thou. And when the Lord thy God shall deliver them before thee, thou shalt smite them, and utterly destroy them. Thou shalt make no covenant with them, nor show mercy unto them, neither shalt thou make marriages with them. Thy daughter thou shalt not give unto his son, nor his daughter shalt thou give unto thy son. Brother Bram said, "Under no condition should a believer marry an unbeliever." Amen. Amen. For they will turn away thy son from following me, that they may serve other gods. So will the anger of the Lord be kindled against you and destroy thee suddenly. But thus shall you deal with him. So here's he said, "You go in. Don't make a covenant with them. I want you to go there and here's how you're going to deal with them. I want you to hold hands with them and embrace them." No way. I want you to make friendship with them. And thus shall you deal with them. You shall destroy their altars, break down their images, cut down their groves, and burn their grave in images with fire. Amen. And here's why. Because thou art a holy people unto the Lord thy God. Amen. The Lord thy God hath chosen thee to be a special people unto himself above all the people that are upon the face of the earth. The Lord did not set his love upon you, nor show choose you, because you were more in number than any people. For ye were the fewest of all people. But here's the reason why. But because he loved you. Thank you, Lord. Wow. For God so loved. And because he would keep the oath which he had sworn unto your fathers, hath the Lord brought you out with a mighty hand, and redeemed you out of the house of bondman, from the hand of Pharaoh, king of Egypt. Know therefore that the Lord thy God is God. He is God, the faithful God, which keepeth covenant and mercy with them that love him, keep his commandments to a thousand generations. Amen. Ephesians chapter 6. We know Ephesians is the book of Joshua in the New Testament. Ephesians chapter 6 verses 10 through13. Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might. Put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. WS means trickery. Right? For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God, that you may able to withstand in the evil day, and and having done all to stand right. Stand therefore having your loins gird about with the truth and having on the breastplate of righteousness. And it goes on, but I wanted to finish there with verse 13. Wherefore taking in you the whole armor of God that you might be able to withstand in evil day u having done all to stand. Amen. May God bless the reading of his word this morning. You may be seated in the presence of the Lord. Now, I want to title my sermon this morning. And I want all of you to listen quite carefully because we all rejoice about the open book. We rejoice about the revealed word of this hour. We rejoice and say, "Thank God, eating the book, taking it." And so on and so forth. And I believe all of that. I agree with all of that. But the opening of the seals is something far greater than perhaps you realize. Amen. So I want to title my sermon. I want you brethren to go ahead and put it up there. The revealing of the open book was a declaration of war. I'm going to show you that brother Brennham said that when a seal open it declares war. Amen. Amen. And I want to take a subject this morning of spiritual warfare of the end time. Now, we've been speaking about and been studying on the change of administration. We realize that God prepares us by showing us what is going to happen. We see what he's done in the past and we will therefore have an assurance of what he'll do in the future. Because God doesn't change his ways. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's right. And so what he's done will give us a pattern of what he will do. So um we have been talking about this Joshua commission and what he's going to do and how that he goes into the land and causes Israel to possess the land. But all of the land that is given to them is already possessed. There are already inhabitants in there, the Gegosites and the Parizzites and all of the different ites that are there. And God just doesn't drive them out for them. They have to fight their own battles. Now, I want to become very, very serious with all of you. You have a battle that you are to fight. This is just not given to you. Every promise, everything that is your inheritance, you better get ready. You got to fight for it. Amen. So, you're not called to a picnic. That's right. This is serious business. So, I want to show you in the first seal, Brother Bram said, "Here's the plan of it." Now, he's going to show you the whole plan of what God is doing, why he's doing it. So, we rejoice about the open book, the revealing of the seals. But here in the first seal, brother Re said, "Here's the plan of it." The first thing happens, there's an announcement in the heavens. First, what happened? A seal is opened. What is that? A mystery is unfolded. See, and when a mystery unfolds, then a trumpet sounds. So you see a heavenly declaration brings forth an announcement which brings forth a sounding of a trumpet. And what does it do? It declares war. Amen. Or a plague falls and a church age opens. See what is the war part? The angel of the church catches the mystery of God, not yet fully revealed. But when he does, he catches this mystery of God and then he goes forth to the people. After the mystery has been given to him, goes forth to the people. What does he uh do out there? He begins to proclaim that message. And what does it start? a war, a spiritual war. Amen. So again, I want to emphasize something on you. Do not get it in your mind that everything is going to be easy. That's right. And yesterday there was a celebration of the first army in the United States 250 years ago. when Trump went ahead and had a parade of of of a bunch of them soldiers dressed in the image of battles fought first world war, second world war, Korean War, Vietnamese war and they had it was a parade about warfare and I just began to think you know that the now I didn't I didn't change my sermon or make it into the direction I'm going because of that. I just believe that what we're seeing around us because the Bible says there'll be wars and rumors of wars. Amen. And if you're going to fight a warfare, you got to have your army men trained. That's right. And so when you take the inductees or those who go into the army, whether they join or whether they're drafted, there is a time of training which is the toughest of all training that they will go through. It's called boot camp. And they don't baby them. They don't pamper them. There is a drill sergeant that gets there and tells him, "I ain't your mama." That's right. And I'm telling you that I'm not going to treat you nicely. I'm going to tell you what to do. And you're going to say, "Sir, yes, sir." Amen. And when I tell you to move, you move. You're not going to sleep in. We're not going to baby you. So understand that the first amount of training for every Christian should be boot camp. Okay? Take away this imagery of well now it's over. I'm a Christian now. There's not going to be no battles. I'm going to tell booevil and he's going to run from me and no devil in hell's going to stop me and guess what? Everything and I'm going to get it. Oh, that's a fairy tale. Amen. You don't know the devil I face or you haven't. Brother Brennham said, "You better train for the conflict because the contest is on and you will meet him." That's right. So they began to to take those recruits and they begin to drill them through the exercises of war. because they need to be trained that when they go into war, they'll know what to do. Because when all hell breaks loose and there's mortars and there's live rounds and people are getting killed all around them, they need to know what to do and not just stand there and and get into a place of confusion. That's right. Right? So again, I've told you this is not being called to a picnic. You're called to war. Amen. And this is a time of spiritual warfare. And when you find out that the that Israel when they crossed over into the promised land, you would think the promised land flowing with milk and honey and everything was going to be great. That when they get over there, there's no battles. Wow. God gave us a land. Come on, give me my land. You guys that are on it, you GGites and everything, hey, I want my land. They said, "Ha, come and take it." They're going to be in your face. They're going to tell you, "Yeah, you and what army?" Amen. Now, brother Brennham says, "When the true church catches a true revelation," see, so much of the time this quote is misqued and overemphasized. When she catches a true revelation, who she is, hallelujah, she'll stand as an invincible army. But also quote the rest of the quote. He says that when they begin to discern and withstand the two spirits within the framework of the church, How many know that twins have been birthed under this revival that we call the message of the hour? Twins. They look good. They look like they're real. Spiritual warfare. So they had to go and fight for the land that was given to them. So do you. You're not exempt. You're not without your battles. Greatest battle ever fought today is in the mind. That's right. Therefore, we need to get away from being carnally minded because that's eminent with God. Amen. Amen. We need to be spiritually minded that we must have the very mind of Christ. Because when you have the mind of Christ, you know what to do with the word, how to do it, and when to do it. Amen. Amen. So, every believer must take heed to this this morning. And now I'm just going to substantiate. We do a little bit of um reading here. This morning in the sermon God in his word 1957, I'm going to read just the highlighted portion. And God told Moses down in Egypt land, he said, "I have given you Palestine." That's a good lesson right there for a minute. God's word said to Moses, God could have went up there and shued every one of them Philistines and so forth out and that said, "Come over. Come on, Moses. Just come up and sit down and take it easy." Doesn't that sound good? Huh? Mo most of us are amen to that, brother. Yeah, man. let me sit in my easy chair because God's going to do all the work and man, no fighting and I don't want to fight. But Moses and Joshua and Israelites had to fight for every inch of ground they got. And every promise in the book is yours. But man, it's one of those words that you better watch the fine line. But God will never give it to you and you lay back on a bed of ease. You have to fight for every inch you get. Amen. Now the Bible says that we are more than conquerors. We are more than able. And yes, we have a right. But we have to make sure that we understand our spiritual warfare because you can say boo to the devil. But if there's something in your life that is not right and you haven't repented of it, the brother Brennham said that devil has a right to stay right there. Huh? True. And you can be prayed for and an anointed with oil and guess what? That devil don't go nowhere. That's right. We kind of have taught and we've got a lot of our young people growing up now within the message that the cure all to all of your problems is a prayer line. We'll get all the ministers up here and then all of you will come through here and we'll pray for you and you'll cry and you'll boohoo and you'll feel a good feeling. And the ministry is telling you every devil's got to leave. I'm here under the authority of God and everything on and on and so people coming through. Oh God, I am so I am having such a hard time in my life. Oh God, deliver me from these Philistines. Wait a second. Repent. There it is. How many times do you know that repentance is before deliverance? That's right. Repent. That means turn from your ways. You shot yourself in the foot and you're wanting deliverance. Quit sinning. And when you quit your sinning, come forward. And you have a right. When you say, "God, I'm sorry. Forgive me." That's right. But if you come up here and you just want to be free from this Philistine that's bothering you or some kind of uh issue that you're having in your life and you just want to be free of it then and understand this. We as ministers have a right to cast out demons. We believe that. Amen. Okay. You can cast out devils. But what if that person has not repented in their heart? That demon goes out. That's right. He goes out and he he he waits. There's a time there's a p a time a dry season that when that spirit goes out he seeks others because he boohoo and cried and he said they cast me out. I don't like it. Come on big brother. What did he do to you? Huh? You know listen. It used to be you you used to fight somebody and when you licked them and you won the fight the battle was over but then you realize he's got a brother big brother he's got a uncle and he's got others and they come and they're going to challenge you okay? So you may win one fight, you may cast one devil out. Well, now you got seven others and you better know your spiritual warfare because if the house is not filled, somebody say filled. If the house is not filled and given the power and the knowledge about spiritual warfare, they become worse. Now the condition is, oh, but I went to the altar and I cried and spirit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But listen, do you know spiritual warfare? So, we're going to go into this here to help you because you know what? I don't like losing anybody in battle. Amen. Okay. Psalms 24:8 says, "Who is the king of glory? The Lord strong and mighty, the Lord mighty in battle." Amen. Amen. In adoption, brother Bram said, "Our Ephesians, our Joshua, which is the Holy Spirit, our Ephesians, our Joshua is who?" The Holy Spirit. Joshua means Jesus savior. Joshua means the Holy Spirit represents it in the in the spiritual as that was in the natural that he is our great warrior. He's our great leader and God was with Joshua and so is God in the Holy Spirit moving us about. Do you understand our Joshua is the Holy Spirit? It means Jehovah Savior. So Joshua is a type, okay, of the Holy Spirit to the true believer. Who's being led and brought into all truth. But now let me just make a disclaimer here because there are many ones within the message or a few that have actually claimed and said we are the Joshua and Caleb. We're the ones that are going to take you over. Brother Brennham went so far he saw into the promised land but didn't cross you over. Prescott, Arizona was a good example of that with Leo Mercer and Jean Go. They actually told the people, "We are Joshua and Caleb. We're going to take you over into the promised land. You didn't get to fellowship with them. You didn't get to be a part of their park. You didn't get to come and be a part of them unless Leo and Jean received you into their camp." And the people there were under such a illusion, a deception that when they got off of the word and they got so far out that there was nobody that challenged them, why? And my friend who told me of the things that they had done, it actually caused me to get angry. And I told my friend, I said, "Why did you men allow this to happen when you know it's contrary to the word?" Amen. Brother Ron, I'll never forget what he told me. He said, "Brother Ron, we believe they were Joshua and Caleb." So why are we going to stand up against them? Well, let me just say this. When a spirit like that ever gets on you, you will absolutely believe it. And no matter if somebody comes to you with the word trying to show you, he said you won't believe it. And he, brother Brennham gives us this quote. He said, "It shows you're anointed with a wrong spirit." Because a right kind of spirit is teachable. You ever met a know-it-all in the message? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, brother brother Brent. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All they want to do is debate. My days of debating with people and arguing about the word of God are over. I don't mind. Come now. Let us reason together. That's good. I think we good. We're good on that. I had a brother come to me here not long ago and he said, "Brother Ron, is it okay if we ask you questions?" Absolutely. Even if it's a doctrinal question. I'm so glad I had a brother in our church here the other day that that caught me saying something. And so he sent me a little text the in the next couple days and he said, "Brother Ron, I think you misqued what brother Oh man, I don't want to misquote. Maybe I do." And there's kind sometimes a slip of the tongue and he told me, he said, "You said uh you quoted that brother Brennan preached manifested sons of God." And I looked into the thing. Brother Brennham never preached the sermon. Wow. I want to Well, let's go in. Let's check because there's got to be an answer. Now, how many of you Now, I worked for Voice of God for several years, for five years over there in in Europe. And I had uh all of the tapes and I was putting them in chronological order. We had sometimes up to 10,000 cassettes and I would put them on the floor and I go from 1947. I put them in chronological order. And what was really amazing is looking at the sermon titles. So having uh done that I would read what this title. Well um if you understand that there were certain titles that were changed. Now let me give you an example. when we first came into the message and you ordered a tape from Fred Sauman that was called the great harlot. I I've got the tape in my home round realtore uh tape that says here's the sermon title the great harlot. Well, guess what brother Brennham never named the sermon the great harlot. He preached on why we are not a denomination or I can't maybe it was why I'm against organized religion one or the other but the whole time he's talking about Jezebel the great harlot. Okay. So later those were changed. Well I looked and I thought where did I get this? Because I had the quote that said manifested sons of God. And I thought oh wow I know what I did. I went back to a sermon I preached 20 years ago about manifestation and I found the quote and oh this is a good one. cut and paste and put it into uh my sermon. And guess what, brother Joseph Brennham in the meantime instead. How many of you remember Folio Views? Neil Holliva, do you remember that? That was our first search program within the message. So Neil Haliba and he would put in certain names and you could go and one of them was manifested sons of God. And uh then later when Joseph changed and took uh over uh the tapes in the books and he changed many of the names to what he had originally named it and it was called adoption part two. But when you go, so I took the index from Voice of God recordings and I looked up Did Brother Brennan preach manifested sons of God. Yes, here's the date, but the title is in the adoption series part two. The paragraph's the same, the quotes the same, but the name was different. So there are certain things and I thank the brother. I said, man, you do your homework. I am thankful. I don't mind you guys factchecking me. I'm not going to get mad at you. You How dare you? You're out of my church. I tell you, you can't believe what I said. Oh, stop it. That's nickel. That's right. We have a right. We have a We have a right one with another. Okay. To to Let's check. Did he really say it or did he not? Okay. So, that was good. And I told her, "Brother, thank you. Thank you. I'm glad you're listening. And and then when I shared with him, he said, "Oh, I'm glad you clarified it to me because I was kind of thinking my pastor." So, it's good. It's all good. I love it. That's okay. So, now listen. The Joshua commission that we're talking about is not a one-man individual. It's not a single person, but it is the ministry. Listen to me. This is very important that it is the ministry of the Holy Spirit bringing you to a place of adoption. So, it's him. Who's our Joshua? Holy Spirit. And what is he doing? He's leading you and guiding you into all truth. So adoption is the ministry of the pleasing of a son of God by the revelation that comes by way of the Holy Ghost because the Holy Ghost alone is the divine revealer of the word of God. We as ministers preach the word but he reveals it because we can take the Bible and we can read it. We can study from it but it's a coded message. It's encrypted. Not everybody Not everybody that reads it will see it. Amen. Not everybody that hears this message will catch the voice behind the veil. Do you do you see that? So he says it's only to an elect group of people that will have the ability to receive supernatural instruction. Hallelujah. Not comparing verse with verse, though that be good. But he said, "We need the we need the revelation of the Holy Ghost to you personally or you'll fail to get it." Amen. So, what kind of people are you? You are supernatural. You are you are uh you are ordained to get it. In fact, let me tell you, I'm not going to put a fear on you. I tell you what, you better believe everything I say. You because if you don't and you you're out. No, let me tell you. Let me just play the other side of the record. If you are predestinated, if you are ordained, if you are called of God, if you have an elect seed inside of you, you can't miss it. Thank you, Lord. Yes, sir. Somebody give him praise this morning. You can't miss it. Thank you, Jesus. That's the truth. Amen. I love that. So predestinated believers have the ability to hear what the spirit is saying to the church. They read between the lines. That's what brother Brennham said. Yes, sir. Yeah. He says now he says we look in the the story of Abraham and Sarah and he says and we see Sarah having a pagan king that looks at her. She's a 90year-old woman and says wow I have found the one I want to marry. He's got a kingdom. He's got all kinds of women. But he looks at Sarah and he wants her as wife. Now Abraham tells his wife, "Lie tell him I'm your brother. Will will you do that? Will you go to bat for me? Save my life." Can you imagine the little conversation in the back room? Are you kidding me, Abraham? Anyway, so brother Bram says, "Now watch." He says for the elect believer they read between the lines and see oh there had to be a change before the promised son came. So God was ch do you see read and we go wow that's amazing. Yes God changed them back because otherwise why would this king want to marry an old woman? You never see that happening. You see, the old man chooses a woman much younger than him. Huh? Amen. Anyway, I could go on and say something about that, but if you're 50, then go choose 225s. You never see a guy that's 50, 60, 70 years old or something, you know, and he chooses a 81 year old. No. Anyway, anyway, goodness. Lord, help me here. Is it not true? That's right. We're even one of his own age. Anyway, in the sermon paradox 1965, let's get back onto the subject. The Joshua here is a type of the last day ministry. Wow. Joshua is a type of the last day ministry. See, now remember those three stages of the journey. First, the law and everything had uh to cease and he goes on and I don't want to disagree with the scholars. Uh but many hold that the promised land represents heaven. It could not represent heaven. It could not because they had wars and troubles and frustrations and everything in the promised land. I just exploded somebody's bubble. The promised land is your inheritance. Okay? But it's not going to be just given to you. You got to fight for it. Amen. So, it's not heaven. When we get in heaven, there's going to be no more battles. There going to be no crying, no sorrow. Won't that be good? Huh? And when we get up in heaven, we won't be sitting around uh on the clouds and playing harps and doing different things and then saying to one another, "Oh, do you remember loudia? It was so Oh, man. I tell you, I struggle every day. No, because when you enter into the kingdom, he shall wipe away all the tears from your eyes. Weep and sorrow no more. Enter now into the joys of the Lord. And when you get over there, you will be telling one another, "Hallelujah. It was him that overcame. I just went along with what he said. because he was in me. It wasn't me. It was Christ within me. Hallelujah. Amen. So we are in a spiritual warfare. When the seals open, it declares war. So just as every church did since the time of Pentecost, I want you to understand that all of them fought for an inheritance. And I don't want to get ahead of myself, but I want you to understand that in the first church age, the Apostle Paul said, "I am a wise master builder. Let every man take heed how he builds thereon. And if any man thinks himself to be spiritual, he says he must declare what I've said is the word of the Lord. Amen. And if he speaks something contrary, let him be anma which cursed when he comes. Wow. What did he do? He started remember the first seal. What is it? The Antichrist riding on a white horse. He's got an arrow or a a bow with no arrows and he's riding down through the ages. What is Paul having to fight against? Antichrist spirit. Do you see what I'm saying? It starts a spiritual war. Just because Christ died on the cross doesn't mean that those Christians didn't fight for everything that in fact they were persecuted. They were hunted down. The disciples themselves were hung, were crucified, beheaded for what they believed. I believe that we have come, I declared this to you the other day. We have come to an appointed time. Amen. We are no longer an immature bride. We had our time when we were young. We were immature in our thinking. We were naive and everything. But you know what? We could not embrace the promise to our own bosom. So we passed it off. Well, it ain't happening with me. So why don't you go into Hagar? Those days are over. Amen. This mature bride is no longer passing this word of God to another woman. That's right. Amen. She is saying, "Be it unto me according to thy word." She's embracing the promise for her hour, and it's going to manifest the word for this hour. That's right. Amen. I believe that the bride has now approached the appointed time. It's happening around the world. They're catching the revelation. It's beyond what man is teaching. is beyond what the ministry within the message is teaching because it is the Joshua ministry of the Holy Spirit that is bringing us into our inheritance. So it doesn't matter whether you're from the Philippines or you're from the Congo or you're from Canada or from Mexico or anywhere. God is leading his people, his bride, his elect seed into the revealing of the son of man. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And it's happening to each one of you. And if it's not, let me say this, then the only category that you can put yourself in is foolish virgin. That's right. True. And you will see the tribulation. Because remember, foolish virgin woke up along with the wise virgin with behold the bridegroom cometh. Oh my, oh my, it's time to get ready. Uh uh let's go out to meet him. And they all went out to meet him, but the foolish had no oil, right? They had no Holy Spirit, right? Well, give us of your oil. Huh? Ain't no way. Amen. You go and buy. And while they went to buy, guess what? The door was closed. Oh God, don't allow any one of us here to miss the rapture or miss applying the token. Amen. To our homes. What is the token? Holy Spirit. Okay, I want you to understand there's an appointed time. Sarah had to come to an appointed time. Is that right? And then she receives power or strength to conceive seed. Mary had to come to an appointed time. Be it unto me according to thy word. Esther had to come to an appointed time. If I perish, I perish. But I'm going to go before the king. Amen. Ruth had to come to an appointed time. It was time of the threshing floor. Lay your self at his feet. Feed his possession. Who art thou? I'm Ruth, thy handmade. Rahab had to come to an appointed time. She had received some tape message believers into her home. How many you know brother Brim said it? Now I want to ask you, what are message believers doing hanging around a harlot? Don't you have a little question? Well, when you went into the city, where did you go? Well, uh, look, it's kind of a long story, but her name is Ray. I've heard about her. Isn't that the harlot? Uh, yeah. But I felt led. Yeah, I bet you did. Now, let's put the carnality aside and realize that hidden within the facade of a harlot is an elected. That pleased God when I said that. So the facade was but there these men had to have been led to go there and then she harbors those men in her home and when others want to try to get those messengers she lies. Christians don't lie. She lied. Well they went that way. So they go running off and soon as I love it and she said, "Watch your appointed time." Yes, sir. I require of thee a token. Amen. Because I know Joshua, the avenging angel, and we've heard of Joshua. We've heard what you guys do. Give us a promise. And they said, "I'll tell you what. We'll give you this scarlet thread, a type of the blood. We're going to give it to you. But I tell you, anyone who doesn't get under that scarlet thread, we're not responsible." You understand? That's why brother Ram said, "Get them in. Whatever you do, you get your kids in. Get them under the blood. Get them under the token." Hallelujah. And when a death angel passes, he'll pass over you. The bride is coming to the appointed time, sir. Is this the time? Yes, I've seen it. As I was with Moses, Brother Ram said, let me make sure. Yep. Joshua had faith in his own commission as Moses had faith. Now Rahab know that Joshua had this commission. She was aware of what he was doing and of his ministry. So now Joshua had the commission. Rahab recognized it before she seen anything. She know Joshua had the power of God that was going to take the land. And she asked for mercy and God granted her mercy. Wow. Rahab was a gentile. She is a type of the bride under the token. She'd heard about the ministry of Joshua. And she knew the power of God was with Joshua. And when she recognizes where the power is, she says, "Give me some of this power. Because I want to I want to preserve my family. Yes. How many of you are interested in your family? My kids and my kids' kids and Huh? I do. I'm interested. I have a legacy that I want to give to my children. I don't want just them to have rules and regulations. I just don't want them to be churchgoers. What good would it be to preach this gospel? None of my kids believe it. I don't know about you, but I want every one of them there. Now, if they're foolish, I cannot make them wise. You understand? They will pay for their foolishness. But I here's what I pray. God, at some time catch them, get a hold of them. Let them realize, oh my I've been out here living with with pigs, right? Amen. And the Bible says the prodigal son came to himself. I wonder what that was like. Well, what happened on that day? Did his theophony show up to him as he's there feeding the pigs and he's all dirty and and and said, "Hi, I'm your theophony. I'm your real true self. The part of you that never fell in the beginning and said, "Oh, hi self. What do I do now?" No. when he came to himself. In other words, when he saw himself, he needed to get right. He needed to get right himself. The Bible says in Romans 3:23, "For all have sinned and come short of the glory of God." Romans 6:23 says, "For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ." So, you were born a sinner. You need to repent of the mere fact you were born in sin. Well, but don't I have to go out and smoke and drink and do all those things so that God can get a hold of me? Some of the hardest ones to convert within this message are those within our youth that have been raised up around it. That's right. Because I really have done nothing wrong. Either because they chose to do what mom and dad said. Okay. or they were forced. As long as you're in my house. Huh? That's what I kind of did. I have to admit. I put the law down. As long as you're in my home, okay? You will do as I tell you to do. And if you don't see, it was it was a a do or die. And you know what? If there's anything that I could do, I would love to maybe rewind and my first baby comes along and I don't whip on him so hard. your first one you really you learn lessons because you know I'm going to have a perfect baby you know you're going to do let me ask you overcorrection when they're just doing baby things they're doing childish things overcorrection the Bible says fathers be aware do not overcorrect your child because God will correct you the way you correct your children. Oh my. Okay. And a child often reproved hardeneth his neck. Yeah. Okay. You can beat me right now, Dad, because you're older than me and everything, but I resent. I hate you. They go into their bedroom and they cry and they say, "I hate that old man. He just won't let me be me. Dads, correct your children with love. Okay? Don't do it in your anger at the time of moment when you're so mad. Huh? Come here. I'll tell you. No. No. Go out. Pray. if you have time. If you don't, then beat them because sometimes at the moment you are just and if you're not prayed up yourself and they do foolish, childish things, you're going to try to reprove them and you're going to learn, son. Well, did not King David said, "Remember?" Say it louder. Remember not the sins of my youth. Oh, right. Did you do stupid things? Did you do foolish things? Did you step over the boundary when you knew the boundary? Of course you did. You're a kid. Yeah, kids do kid things. Like Steve coffee. People do people things. You know, that was a big revelation. Wow. So, here's one for all of you. Kids do kid things. They love loud exhaust. Hey, nowadays they go by me, man. And they've got they and and they drive by. It scares me. Scar me. If I could poof, get off the road. I remember we Okay. I had a Volkswagen. A Volkswagen has no power. It's not a speedster. It's not a a car that is known to go to the drag races. This is not Herby. Okay. It can't pull your hat off. But we put a we put a cyclone exhaust on that dual exhaust that came into a megaphone. You ever seen the megaphone? It comes out there like that. And man, it sounds like a a a real dragster. A Volkswagen. And I remember my brother, he love every time we went through a tunnel. Every time he saw girls crossing the road, until one day we're going coming back from the beach and girls crossing the road in their bikinis and you just redline this engine one too many times. What was it? foolishness. It was youth. When a guy went by me the other day and he had one of those loud things and I was just about ready to say, "I'll tell you what." And I get angry. I said, "I was there one day. I liked it loud." Huh? I wanted to be cool guy, right? How many of you wanted in your day like brother Brena I wanted to be big bad Bill huh let's face it until God gets a hold of you and now you're changed and the things which I once love now I hate and the things which I once hated now I love God changed you so your children the apple does not fall far from the tree right how Were you before you got converted? Then consider your kids. Very good. Okay. Yeah. That's why I look at some of our kids and I go, "You're going to have a hard time." Cuz I know your daddy. Come on now. Somebody say, "Amen." Yeah. Yeah. So God give us a heart then for our children that what we do is we love them even through their foolishness you understand that I hate the sin but I love the sinner now brother Bham says in this sermon here his unfailing words of promise how many remembers that he promised that it would be it would continue on he's talking about the third pole. Go ahead. Let's go to the highlighted. Oh, it it's not highlighted there, but it is here. How many remembers that he promised that it would continue on? He's talking about the third pull. I want you to understand that the third pull, the revealing of the word did not stop when the voice of Malachi 4 was silenced. No, it continues. It's going on to today. So that third pull, now watch. He said when I made the third pull, he says now don't tell anybody about this. You've been trying to explain that other don't tell nobody about this. This is the great and final pull. Hallelujah. We're going through the great and final climax. This is it. It's coming to a crescendo. You see, every great symphony has a crescendo. And we're coming to it. Amen. And the greatest conflict that's going on in the world today are two supernatural powers. The powers of darkness and the powers of light. Now, I want all of you to understand that the Bible says that the devil, Lucifer, is a mighty power. And I want all of you to understand that if you get out from behind the protection of the word, Amen. There can be a time when you get a stronghold in your life that you can't handle anymore cuz you open the door and you knew better. That woman that had been delivered from music and dancing was just crossing the road one day and she hears the little bar or dance floor a few doors down and she stops to listen to the music. Oh. Oh. And she found herself now in the arms of a man on the dance floor. How did it happen? She let down the bars. That's right. Okay. Are are we together on that? When you knowing better by the inner course of the mind, add to or take away or you justify or reason with the word of God. You have committed spiritual adultery on Christ the word. You've taken an unclean spirit. And and guess what? It's a spirit of fornication. Okay? And you're enticed and you're pulled away. And when you are enticed, it bringeth forth sin. And sin brings forth death. Are we not? The Bible says sometimes in our flesh, we are enticed and pulled away of our own lust. So this is a continuation of the third pole ministry. Well, I thought it was only brother Brandham. No, no, no, no. This continues. This is what I've been trying to show you. Every ministry has for every Paul, there's a Timothy. For every Moses, there's a Joshua. Do you understand? Every one of them, for every Elijah, there's an Elisha. So, it didn't stop right there. This ministry is going to continue because we're in a battle. Now, now let me tell you how God fortifies his army. You want to know? You want to be interested? Because we're in a battle and we better have a good army around us. We better know how to fight because if we don't, we will have casualties. So in the sermon putting on the whole armor of God 1962 God fortified his army what with himself in the form of prophets, apostles, teachers, pastors. What is that? Ephesians 4. So God fortified his army. What did he do? What was God doing? Listen, did you ever think what the offices of the church is, it's God's dress? It's God's dress. Inside dress, an apostle, a prophet, a seer. For see, before Satan ever gets to it, done told it. What is it? God's dressed up in his church. Amen. These offices is God's dress wear. Amen. Somebody say dressear. This is God's dressear. It's what he puts on. When you see those offices, pastors, teachers, evangelists, what is that? That's God's dressear. God's presence, God's spirit. And if working through man and if that office denies any of this word, then it's not God. See, no, not that. That's that wolf in sheep's clothing. Watch that fellow. Beware of him. So, I want you to understand that if God has got his dressear, say what the tapes say, say what he says, instead of just saying, "Well, stay home, press play, don't go to church because he's our pastor." Do you understand? You've denied God's dressear. That's right. True. He said it. That's right. You understand? So if you take away God's dressear, guess what? You've taken away the fortification of the army. The Bible says, "Obey them that have the rule over you." I ain't having nobody rule over me. I tell you what, I'm going to do my thing. I'm going to press play. I'm gonna stay home. I'm going to do Home Depot stuff. Yeah. Huh? I'm gonna do it myself. Everybody, you know what? Home Depot, they sell all kinds of tools and stuff for people that are going to do it themselves. I ain't going to hire no contractor. I tell you what, I went and I was going to do something in my bathroom. And you know what? They told me it's going to cost me $1,600. I'm going to do it myself. So, they go out there, they buy the toilet, they buy the tile, they go in there, and they make a mess of it, and they tear it all up. Then they go hire the contractor, but they're out $1,000 for the because they want to do it themselves. Amen. I tell you what, I am convinced that Listen, if you need your roof fixed, get a roofer and not a guy who just hangs out in the shingle. I'm a roofer. No, you you make sure this guy's a specialist. He knows what he's doing, right? Because if you Anyway, I think you've got the picture. Amen. God fortified his army. How's he doing it? Yes, sir. Through his dressear. Okay. So, we never want to deny God's dressear. 1956, the resurrection of Jesus. Now, we have a great ministry out the the ministry of the forerunning of the coming of this ministry. that's coming on now. Remember, he's talking about there's going to be a change of administration. There's going to be a change of ministry. The great climax is at hand. The great warfare between the devil and God. It's going on and the scene is being set for the final front lines where the clash will come and God will reign and rule for the Lamb was with them overcome them for he's the Lord of lords and King of Kings and he will ride down every opposition. Amen. So you see, brother Bram saying, "I'm going to tell you the climax, this this final the final front lines, the final climax of this thing. It's coming down." You know where it's going to wind up? In your home. Because when Moses said, "Slay the lamb, take the blood." But every head of that household had to apply the blood because they were head of the house. God help us that all of our heads of houses, will apply the token. Not just say, "I agree with it." And there's no blood. Don't just say you agree with this message. Get into it. Amen. Amen. Or may I say this? Get the message in you. Amen. Because when the message is Christ, when Christ is in you, he's going to lead you and guide you into all truth. Amen. That's right. If we don't study the kind of warfare that we're going into right now and are presently in, you're going to be a casualty. Huh? Because you won't know how to fight. That's right. You're going to stick your head up out of the foxhole when there's all kinds of live rounds going and the captain says, "Get down." Well, huh? Why do you think they take the refresh recruits and they put them out there on the field and they crawl under barbed wire and they say, "Don't stick your head up because we got lied 50 caliber." Huh? I tell you what, my face would be right against the ground. Yes, sir. I ain't going I believe I believe what the captain said, man. I ain't going to stick my head up. Huh? Where's that round coming? Huh? That's right. Keep your head down. Understand this battle is real. Amen. And any of you that think that the devil is not a mighty power. Right. Don't you dare open a a a thing called a stronghold. Well, I just listen to the wrong kind of music. I just look at the wrong kind of thing. I just go and, you know, I cut I trim a little bit of my hair. I wear a little bit of makeup. I just wear my dress a little on the marginal side. I want to ask you, how close to sin do you want to come? You want to be right on the edge. There's something about standing on the edge of a cliff that's like it's kind of exhilarating. Like getting out on thin ice. You guys ever done that? Huh? Crack crack until How many of you like to get out on thin ice? No. Get me on that solid ground. Amen. Get me as far away from that cracking ice and thin ice. Get me get me on solid ground. In fact, I don't want to get out there on thin ice. No. No. No. No. See, if we don't study and if I as a pastor of of a group of people and especially our young people, if I don't prepare you for war, you'll be our next casualty. Okay. So, brother Brandham said in God hiding himself in simplicity, it's just like an army going to fight. It's warfare. The greatest warfare is going on, it's a spiritual warfare. Amen. So, as just as I said, even as Trump said, "Well, we're celebrating 250 years of our first army." And that first army, they came out there and they had the little doough boy hats, the little flat ones, and and you know, they look kind of silly compared to our elite army green beret guys of today. But they went out there and they fought. Many of them died. Russell Wallace just sent me a a little text. He said, "Brother Ruon, we went through Italy and I happened to go to the coliseum and I stood on the ground where many of our brothers and sisters were martyed. They gave their lives. Their very blood was spilled right on this ground." And he says, "Oh, I I think of all of those that had given their lives. And he says, "Their names are forgotten. They were not written down." But he said, "You know what? They were not forgotten in God's eyes." And one of these days, my brother and sister, we're going to get to meet them. Amen. Yes, sir. My name is Soandso. I was there during the Sardisian church age. It was there when 68 million were martyed. Wow. 68 million. Now, stop here for just a second. I'm going to rabbit trail for a moment. Do you see what's happening with Israel right now? Israel is striking Iran because Iran is an enemy. And they they do you think they want do you think they want peace with the Jews? They want to kill them, eradicate them. A good Jew is a dead Jew. So Israel said before we allow them to have nuclear weaponry, we're going to take out the ability for them. So they did these strategic strikes. Israel is trying to defend themselves. That's right. But this hatred that you see for the Jews is going to be escalated because you know what? They're going to martyr the 144,000. Yeah. This this this framework of what's going on right now that you see and this hatred and this hatred against law and order, how would you like to be a policeman? Huh? And why do you think illegal aliens who have come into this country? I want to ask you if we went down into Mexico and I went down to Mexico City and I said, "I hate America and I want to be a part of Mexico." And you know what? You people, I want you to put me in a nice hotel. I want you to feed me. I want you to give me free medical. Hey, ombre. Hey, Gringo. You ain't got no right. Try to do it in any other country. Raise your American flag and do that in another country and tell them to take care of you. It don't happen. So, what I'm saying is all of this stuff that's coming about because those who do evil are more protected. It's not the law-abiding citizens. Okay. So watch this. This whole system is coming down to something that is programming itself because the people are going completely insane. And you know what? Every time I look on the news, it gets worse. Can you say amen to that? So spiritual warfare. I'm going to say this that war is found all through the Bible. In fact, we're going to show you in the next couple services that the Bible says the Lord is a man of war. He is and he fights for his family. How many of you say, "I'll fight for my family." See, when it comes down to the home front, then we get real serious. When it's out there, hey, yeah. Oh, man. I hate to see what's happening. Let them do it to your kids. Let them do it to your wife. I've often said, "Oh, God, you know, because you know what? Um, I'm kind of jealous over my family and my kids and I don't want anybody fooling with them. And if somebody came into my house and wanted to harm my family, I've often said, "Oh, God, I don't know that I would stand back and just let them do what they want." Brother Ron, are you advocating? No. No, no, no. Don't put words in my mouth. I've often said, "God, you're going to have to restrain me because I'd get my hands on that uncircumcised Philistine and I cut his head off." I thought, "Thou shalt not kill." Wait a second. Wait a second. I'm going to take you back. And God says, "When you go in there and the Philistines and the Gegosites and the Parizzites and everything, I want you to kill every one of them. Every man, every woman, every suckling, every child, every camel and ass. Destroy them." Well, this little Gegosite, he's so cute. I like him. Look at him. Hey, goooo. Everybody loves little babies. It's amazing. And and women are the worst. They can be the ugliest little baby you have ever seen and go, "Oh, that is so cute. Look at that kid." I'm going, "Got to be kidding me." So those little Gegosites, those little parizzites, those little Hittites are going to grow up to be somebody that would like to put you away. Amen. That's right. So he said when you go in there I I don't want you to make peace with them nor let their son marry your daughter or your daughter their son etc because you'll create an illegal union because they will cause your son to go and serve strange gods. Now, the warfare started in heaven. And I've got so much of this that I'm just going to I'm going to give you a little tidbit of perhaps what I'm going to share with you on the next service. There are two prophets in the Old Testament that were called prophets of war. They are Jeremiah and Joel. And Jeremiah 6 verse4 says, "Prepare ye war against her." What did Jeremiah say? Prepare war. In Joel chapter 3 verse 9, proclaim ye among the Gentiles, prepare war. Wake up the mighty men. Let all the men of war draw near. Listen and come up. So I want you to know that those men that are called to battle musicians if you come those men that are called to battle are called mighty men of valor. Amen. They are men who are mighty in battle. They are men that will not run. They are men that will not bow. Wake up the mighty men. What do you think these seals did? First seal. That's not Christ on a white horse. It's the Antichrist. Luther, when he broke the seal of his age, and the just shall live by faith, he proclaimed war against the Catholic Church. War in so much that everybody that sided with Luther were called Protestants. They protested. Amen. Along come Wesley. What did he do? He declared war. You must live a sanctified life. I've got the quotes I'm going to show you the Lord willing on the next couple things. But I want to uh I want I want to look at the spiritual warfare of the end time. What we're fighting against. If we're not careful, we fight the symptoms instead of the cause. [Music] Even I as a pastor, I've got to be careful. I don't go after the cut hair, the wrong kind of dress with an anger that's not seasoned with love. Amen. Because you can preach the letter of the law and the letter killth. Amen. So, how do I love my kids? How do I love them when they're doing wrong? I get on my knees and I go before the throne of God and say, "God, oh yeah, I would love to skin them." But, Father, they're yours. Amen. You correct them with nail scarred hands. You love them. [Music] If we're not careful, we as pastors, what we do is we let down the letter of the law to them and we conform them. We've done it. And if you don't learn by the lessons of others that have gone before you, [Music] even brother Brennham there at his home, he said, "I come home, the house all tore up. The wife's nervous. She's crying. Oh, Bill, you got to do something with these kids." Huh? Why, Bill, go over there and just beat them. I'm paraphrasing, but she wanted Bill to go correct him. He said, "Oh." He said, "They didn't really mean to do that." Oh, yeah. And she didn't like it. You know what she did? She got mad at Brother Bill. She slammed the door. Sister, sister, understand if your husband does something you don't like, be careful on how you act. [Music] But she was so flustered and everything. And Bill, you ought to take And he said, "Why, Joseph is such a mean little kid. He pulls the lamp off of the stand just to watch it break when it hits the floor." Any of you got a kid like that? I hope not. I had a sister tell me the other day, "Well, God gave me this this last little baby. It's the nicest. It's the this kid. God knew I needed this one because the first two I get to laughing with them. [Music] I'm sorry. I scared a few of you when I did. I needed one that'll go to bed when I tell them to go to bed. I needed one to shut up when I say shut up. I needed one that wasn't just a rebellious thing that God help us. Amen. We are called [Music] to a warfare. Now, we rejoice about this open book, don't we? Praise God. Let's take this open book. Let's eat it. And we become the bride and and we're going to go possess all of the gates and stuff. But do you realize what this this opening of the seals was? When a seal opened, it declared war. Because watch this life of brother Brennham. His whole ministry was coming up now. Okay, remember I I told you from the cross to the cloud. Two parts of redemption. Brother Brandham come out of denomination. And he's had all these years building up in his ministry. And he's coming to the place now, I'm telling you, that he said, "This word has become an offense to all the," oh, Bill, we loved you when you did the signs and wonders. Why you was a great man of God. In fact, nobody was offended at his ministry. Not one of the miracles he did did they say, "That's it. Blinded eyes open. Forget it." No. He said, "Except you eat of my flesh and drink of my blood." Oh, this is the third poll's an offensive poll. He said, "All the doors are closing me. Full gospel businessmen. I sit in Tucson. No one invites me." Wow. Are you kidding me? This is the climax of his ministry. This is him getting commissioned. He's not going off the scene. He thought God's going to take him off the scene. He's in Sabino Canyon. He's asking God, [Music] "Are you taking me home? It's okay." [Music] And God said, "No, this is the third pole. [Music] You mean you're not taking me off the scene?" "No, this is the vindication." He gets so excited he comes running down off the mountain. Mea I'm not going to die. It's vindication of my ministry. The vindication [Music] I thought over there in Africa that was a vindication. I thought in India with 300,000 or 500,000 people and at one time he's preaching to and they break their idols and and cast them down. And he said it was just a cloud everywhere. I thought that was a No, no, no. Remember, he was given two signs to get the people. What is the attraction? He said, you're going to pray for the sick. [Music] You're going to discern the hearts, but that's going to get the people's attention. Wow, this must be a man of God. So, they stopped to listen. He says, "Come out from among them. Be ye separate." What? Yes. What [Music] he said? Does this offend you? Then you realize, wow, Brother Brennan was saying, "Hey, listen. Denominational system, the system, not the people. Not the people." Brother Renham loved the people and hated the system because the system deceived them. There is a way the Bible says that seemth right unto men, but the end thereof is death. Amen. Amen. So I try my very best to give us a balanced gospel. Amen. I do. I see the failures of myself as a young believer and I know you know what I was too hard on my kids. I know that. I see it now. So, what can I do? I can't go back and fix it, but I can tell all of you. Don't you do that with your kids. My wife was such a good mother. Such a good mother. She comes from a family of 12 children and they had no plates and dishes and glasses that all looked alike because you know what? with 12 kids, they break and spill and and the the forks are different and and when Amos or Rebecca or Matthew spilt the milk or they did something and everything and I'd say and I got mad at them. You know what my wife said with her soft voice? Honey, they're just kids. They're just kids. So what? You should love them more than you love the milk. Amen. Does it resound home to any of you? Love the kid even through the foolishness of what they do. Kids will be kids and they're going to try you and they have to work out their own experience with God in fear and in trembling. Some will learn by the things you tell them and others they're hard learners. Some of them are going to be just as hard-headed, maybe thickerheaded than you were. So what I do is when it happens, you know what I do? I say, "Okay, God, I tried my way and I think I hardened their neck a little bit. So now they're yours. They're yours. Take the mess that I've made it and make it a message." Very good. appeal to their hearts. That's what I want to do. I want to appeal to every one of your hearts. That's the thing about brother Brandham. Oh, he loved he loved. Billy Paul told me, he said, "The greatest miracle that I saw daddy do. [Music] He treated his enemies as well as he did his friends. He said, "You couldn't tell the difference." Did not Jesus say, "Love your enemy. Do good to them that despitefully use you?" [Music] That's hard for me to do, huh? Because I'm I'm kind of You do this, you hit me, I'll hit you harder. You ever play that thing where you hit somebody on the shoulder and they turn around, they got to hit you harder, but pretty soon it's a ball. [Music] Lord, help us. You young men. [Music] Yeah. Yeah. You guys, I want to appeal to your heart. I don't want to lay down the law and say, "I'll tell you what you better." No, no, no. I want to say, "Hey, the way of a transgressor is hard." And if you're a son, you'll learn, right? Because Papa God is going to teach his son, right? Thank you, Lord. God, help us then with our children. How about appealing to their heart? I remember one pastor used to tell his kids before they went outside and went to I'm going over to Joe's house because we're we're going to shoot some hoops. They never went and shot hoops. They went to a movie. Well, Dad, we didn't want to tell you we're going to a movie because we knew you would say no. And we knew you'd yell and scream and throw and probably I'd get grounded. So, I I just went and did went to the movie anyway. See, if we're not careful, we make our kids programmed liars. Tell you what you want to hear, huh? Not what you don't want to hear. And he he said, "So what I tell my kids every time that they go out, I'm praying for you. Don't forget I'm praying for you." Oh, Dad, why did you have to say that? Because I can't even really go have a good time. It's What do you mean a good time? What's a good time? What is a good time? Ah, I went out and I got so drunk I vomited all over everything. I can't remember what I did. I passed out. You ever hear people in the world that way? I didn't even know what I did. Wow. Such a good No, no, no, no. That's nonsense. Why do you want to go get sick? No. Turn your heart over to God. Appeal to your heart, each one of you. Now, I haven't finished my sermon here, but I've made my point this morning that the opening of these seals, and we rejoice about it. Praise God. The seals are Christ and everything, but really, what did it declare? This seventh seal and this trumpet that this seventh angel message messenger gave to us said, "Prepare for war." Amen. Amen. He said, cuz it's coming. He said, there's coming an invasion of the USA. Any of you ever listen to that sermon? Go listen to it. He said they'll invade the US of A and they'll take it over without firing a shot. That's right. Because they'll put the wrong kind of leaders in there and they'll vote them in. And the next thing you know, how wow these people so far on the left, how did they get there? Because you know what? They went up there and they were voted in. And the next thing you know, well, wow. How did they make these laws? Well, I'll be honest with you. I never voted until the last couple election. I never vote. I could care less. I said, "Hey." But finally I said enough said enough. I'm going to try to vote for somebody that'll least stand up. Well, let me tell you the greater vote that I've done as I voted for Christ. Amen. This world, no matter how bad it gets and how far out it goes, that's why we better know how to fight this warfare in this end time or let me admonish you. Amen. Your kids got targets on them. Oh, you might be doing okay. You you you your prayer life and everything. You might be doing okay, but what about your kids? Huh? This little baby that Oh, man. God g such a cute little baby. Yeah. Pretty soon they start getting big and I growing up and I want a car and give it to me, Dad. Oh, sweetheart, you don't need I want it. I want to know make them brats and then they turn 16, 18, they got a car, they can go where they want, do what they want. If we haven't trained them up properly, huh? You understand? Amen. God help us. Cuz I want to save I want to save our kids. Amen. I want to save our adults. Amen. I want to preach to you truth. I want to tell you about the denominational system and how it's so deceitful. And I've got a sermon burning in my heart. I'll just give you a preview. I want to preach on the love of God. Then I want to preach on our love to God. Because you know what? Everybody loves the love of God, right? They all get together. Big concerts, big groups of people, big mega churches. Oh, God. God, he loves us. We're all going to heaven with our cut hair and our makeup and our shorts and our drinking and our adulteress and our divided families and divorce and on and on. When we all get there and they worship and they love God and God's anointing falls on them, it's the system and they love to talk about but what about if you love me you keep my commandments. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I love God. And if God doesn't love me, even if I don't keep his commandments, then you have a Cain religion. If you don't accept my sacrifice, the sacrifice of my praise and of my lips, because you can you can praise God and worship him. But they that worship God must worship in spirit and in truth. You can you can have all kinds of worship, but if there's no truth, in vain do they worship me. Teaching for doctrine the commandments of men. You understand? Am I criticizing the people? God forbid. Because if it weren't for the fact that God opened my eyes, I'd be right there with him. Huh? I'd be right there in the denominational. In fact, probably it wouldn't even be in denomination of any kind. I'd be out there in the world just doing my thing, thinking that Christianity is a bunch of foolish people uh doing their thing and God is a figment of man's imagination and so on and forth and I would be going and doing my own thing. But God rich in mercy opened my eyes. Thank you Lord. I wanted to sing a song. I don't know what your plan, so I'm not going to name that tune, but I want to sing a song. I have a father because today's Father's Day. Amen. I'm thankful. I'm thankful I have a father. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And he calls me his own. [Music] I thank you, Father, and I love you. And I love you with all my heart and I adore you. I love your ways. I love your kingdom. Father, I believe. Help my unbelief. So, Father, as we worship you this morning, we take a moment here on this Father's Day. I I don't even know why I kind of went this direction, but I believe it's you, Father. My heart is turned towards you. And I want you to know I love this message. I'm not ashamed of it. I love it. And the more that I'm around the message, which is Christ, the more I love. Although I do have I have to admit with those that claim to follow this message because [Music] Paul said not every Jew is a real Jew but a Jew who's one inwardly. Amen. I want to be a real Jew. I want to be a real believer. Amen. And I want to worship him in spirit. And in truth, I have a father. Let's stand this morning. He calls me his own. [Music] He'll never leave me. No matter where I go, he knows my name. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. I have a maker. He formed my heart before even time began. My life was in his hand. He knows my name. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I have a father. I have a father. He calls me his own. He'll never leave me. No matter where he knows my name. He knows my name. Keep it. We'll keep it again. My every thought is here that hears me when I call. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your precious blood I found pardoned. And all my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed. Verse one. Verse one. How alone I was feeling and the emptiness I tried so hard to find. Though I laughed and said my life was fine without you. I was cut the secret tears I cried. Then one day, someone told me of your mercy, of the love you shown on a hill called Calvary. And there you purchase my redemption. when you broke sin's power and set my spirit free. I'm a man [Music] that you love me and I'm amazed how you care. Oh, you care. Through your precious blood, I found pardon. And all my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Second verse. Yes, it's true. There have been days when I failed you, Lord. You know the many times I've gone astray. But I've learned your love is stronger than my weakness. Father's ear ear is open every time I pray. And no one else has ever cared for me like you. Oh, what a heart that he has. Prince of heaven is close to me. Not afraid to face the problems of why? Because knowing him when you are everything I've ever need. I'm amazed [Music] that you love me. Oh, how you care [Applause] through your precious blood I mouth and we thank you. Sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are wash away. Are you thankful for that this morning? Think about his love. [Music] Think about his goodness. And think about his grace that's brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our father's love. Oh, great is the meure. Great is the measure of his love. Let's lift our hands and sing it this morning. Think about his love. Oh, think about his love. Oh, think about his goodness and think about his grace that's brought us through. [Music] For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our father's love. So great, great. The measure of our father. Sing that last line one more time. So great it is. Oh great, great. Great is your measure of love. One more time. One more time. Great. Oh, you're so great. Oh, great is the measure of our father. Can we bow our hearts this morning, Lord? As that song says, great is the measure of your love. [Music] We're nobody's, but great is your measure of love for us, Lord. We thank you Lord for truth, freedom, war on every side, distress of nations, but we have love from the father. He's the king of the kings and lord of all, the captain of the host that's leading us in guidance, telling us truth, saying, "Hold up that shield of faith. Keep that sword in your hand. Fight the good fight of faith." How do we do it? We follow the footsteps of the Lord. Great is the measure of Father. We love you and we praise you. Bless Brother Ron today. Bless the ones that are sick and afflicted. Bless the heart surgery tomorrow. Lord, bless the other all the ones that are traveling. We have so many people traveling this weekend and the next several months, the two months for holidays, for people being out of school. We ask you to be with the ones as they travel. Thank you for your freedom to worship you today because there's some people around the world that don't have that freedom and we say thank you Lord that we have the freedom to come to church to lift our hands to lift our voices to praise and worship you. We thank you for that. We love you and we praise you and everyone said amen. Amen. It's been good to be in the house of the Lord. Happy Father's Day to all the dads. Uh the church would like to give each dad a little offering today. Just a little thank you. It's for you and you use it for yourself, but it's from the church. Yes, we support mission fields. Yes, we support people that are in need. We still do those things, but today the church and brother Ron would like to say happy Father's Day. Dads, we have a little gift for you. Go through the main door if you're a dad today and get your gift from there. God bless you. Remember service Wednesday night. Have a wonderful Father's Day. And to each and every one of you, God bless you. Amen. Amen. You are dismissed this morning. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, [Music] heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
