################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - A Body Hast Thou Prepared Me - Bro. Chad Lamb - 33rd Anniversary Meetings - Chad Lamb.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   A Body Hast Thou Prepared Me - Bro. Chad Lamb - 33rd Anniversary Meetings
Speaker: Chad Lamb
Church:  Evening Light Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktCQC_CFPTY
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh Merry Christmas. [Music] looser walk with me. Amen. Let's all stand this morning. Oh granted Jesus is my cre. Oh daily walking close to thee. Let it be dear Lord. Let it be. Let's sing the verse. Oh, I am weak, thou art strong. Oh Jesus, keep from all wrong. Oh, and I'll be satisfied as long. Oh, as I walk, let me walk close to thee. Just a closer walk. Oh, just a close walk with me. [Music] over Jesus is my king and daily walking close to thee. Oh, let it be. Let it be. Amen. Happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Excited for what God has in store for us. Amen. Just want to welcome you all. Welcome all of our visitors. Amen. But we just want to make the Lord welcome this morning. If we could just sing that song, welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Lord, fill us with your power. Live inside me. Amen. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence, Lord. Fill us with your power and live inside of me. You're the living water and you're the living water. The ever flowing fountain. Oh my comforter and counselor. Just take me control. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your [Music] presence. Oh, fill us with your power and live inside of me. You're the living water and you're the living water, the everflowing fountain, my comforter and counelor. Take a [Music] welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence, Lord. Fill with your power and live inside of me. And isn't the name of Jesus wonderful? Oh, isn't the name of Jesus wonderful? Let's just worship the Lord this morning. Oh, all the world can come to him and have their sins removed. Oh, isn't the name of Jesus wonderful? And isn't the name of Jesus [Music] beautiful? Isn't the name of Jesus beautiful? Oh, son of God and one of us, the lover of my soul. In the name of Jesus, beautiful eternal king, eternal king, you will reign forever. And we will sing the glories of your name. Be lifted high so the world will see. Your name is all we need. Your name is all we need. And isn't the name of Jesus powerful? Amen. Oh, isn't the name of Jesus powerful? And our chains are broken when it is broken. Every knee will bow in the name of Jesus powerful eternal king. You will reign forever and we will sing the glories of your name. be lifted high so all the world will see. Your name is all we need. Your name is all we need. There's freedom in the name. And there is freedom in the name. There is healing in the name. There is power in the name. Salvation in the name. There is life in the name. There is no other name but Jesus. But Jesus. There is freedom in the name. There is healing in the name. There is power in the name. Salvation in the name. There is life in the name. There is no other name but Jesus. Jesus. And is it the name of Jesus all we need. Amen. Oh is the name of Jesus all we need. name. He's the way, the truth, the life, the only way to God. In the name of Jesus, [Music] all Amen. Amen. There's power. There's healing in that name this morning. We'll just take our needs to the Lord. Just claim by faith it'll touch each and every need. Hey, Minister Ramona just says, "My family and I want to thank everyone for blessing us with meals and groceries. It was a great help and truly appreciated. Please continue to pray for my son-in-law for complete healing from brain cancer, for strength for my daughter during this difficult time. Thank you for your prayers." Sister Josie Marine just says I it's her day it's her birthday today and just remember her in prayer. She's just so thankful to the Lord. Amen. Just remember sister Josie in prayer. Just thankful for another year. And then we also have a request from our sister Grace Saunders says, "Please pray for my little sister's best friend who was in a tragic car accident. Three girls were on the way to a church conference. two passed away and my sister's friend is in critical condition in the ICU. Her name is Bella Cashen. Uh please pray for the families affected. Amen. Brother Angie Manard, if you would just take these to the Lord this morning for us. Amen. God's our comforter. He's our peace. Amen. Whatever you have need of, just lift it to him if you have a need. Amen. Andy, God bless you. Let's all bow our heads and Lord. What a privilege, Lord, that you gave us ears to hear, eyes to see, hearts to receive. Lord, even as our brother preached last night, I couldn't help but think about [Music] Peter after he denied you, Lord. Yeah, I'm sure he thought, "Why? Why would he have chosen me? Why? Why would I be one of them? How could I be one of them?" And when you stood before him, your love, Lord, that brought his revelation next level. As our brother spoke, he went to the next level. His blood really is sufficient for my sin, my unbelief. Lord, you are you are sufficient. And Lord, today we ask that we could receive more. Lord, the world's getting dark. And you said we'd be the light of the world. Lord, may we catch that next level revelation. I pray, Lord, meet all the needs. Lord, you're the need supplier. Bless our brothers. as he would speak today. Ask Lord that our hearts Lord that we'd be fertile ground to bring forth that which you want to manifest. Lord, thank you for this assembly. Bless everyone that made the effort to be here today. Father, we're taking one step towards you. We ask you to reach your hand out in mercy and grace. We love you. We ask it all in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Amen. Sing. My sins are gone. You ask me why I'm happy. Oh, you ask me why I'm happy. So I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. And when I meet golfers who ask me where they are, I say, "My sins are gone." And they're underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. As far as this darkness is the dawn. Oh, in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. And was at the old time altar where God came in my heart. And now my sins are gone. And the Lord took all possession. The devil did depart. I'm glad my sins are gone. And they're underneath the blood. On the cross of Calvary has far removed the darkness from dawn. There is the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. And when Satan comes to temp me, tries to make me doubt. I say my sins are gone. Oh, you got me into trouble. But Jesus got me out. I'm glad my sins are gone. And there are blood on the cross of Calvary as far removed as darkness is gone in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone and I'm living now for Jesus. Happy night and day because my sins are gone. Oh my soul is filled with music. All my heart I say I know my sins are gone and they're underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. Far remove this darkness on the sea of God forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Oh, there underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. Far removed and darkness is gone. In the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. And God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good for through the darkest time. The light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. When you're walking through the valley and there are shadows all around, oh, do not fear. My God will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound for his promise to never leave you nor forsake you and his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. through the darkness of night and the light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Oh, we were sinners so unworthy. Yet for us, he chose to die and filled us with his holy spirit. Now we stand and testify that his love is everlasting and his mercy they shall never end. God is good all the time. Through the song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good. Oh, God is good. Oh, God is good. Yes, God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. Amen. Amen. We've got a couple song specials this morning. Group of sisters, if they would make their way up to sing for us, let's just sing that song. Amen. Amen. Behold Jehovah. Behold Jehovah seated on the throne. [Music] Father, the well that overflows, the God who was and is and shall be forever [Music] more. Oh, holy is the Lord. Oh, amen. Amen. Amen. He's worthy this morning all blessing and honor and glory and power. [Music] Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Oh, blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Behold the way, the truth, and the life. The perfect savior. The blood that was like, the God who was and his and shall be forever more. [Music] Holy is the Lord. Amen. If the sisters would make their way up. [Music] Amen. Amen. Oh, blessing and honor, glory, power. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Oh, blessing and honor and glory and power. [Music] Amen. Amen. Thank you for singing for us, Brother Ray, if you would come after and your group. Amen. God bless you. [Music] I'll praise in the valley. Praise on the mountain. I'll praise when I'm sure. I'll praise when I'm bounding. I'll praise when I'm numbered. Praise was surrounded. Cuz praise is the water that my enies drown in. So as long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to praise the Lord, oh my soul. Praise the Lord, oh my [Music] [Applause] soul. I'll praise when I feel it and I'll praise when I don't. I'll praise cuz I know you're still in control. [Music] My praise is a weapon. It's more than a sound. Our praise is a shout that brings Jericho down. As long as I'm breathing, I've got a reason to pray the Lord. Oh my soul, praise the Lord. Oh my soul, I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? Praise the Lord, oh my soul. Praise cuz you're sovereign. Praise cuz you reign. Praise cuz you rose and defeated the grave. Praise cuz you're faithful. Praise cuz you're true. Praise cuz there's nobody greater than you. Praise cuz you're sovereign. Praise cuz you reign. Praise cuz you rose and defeated the grave. Praise cuz you're faithful. Praise cuz you true. Praise cuz there's nobody greater than you. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? No, I won't. I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? [Music] Praise the Lord, oh my soul. I'll praise the [Music] Lord. And I believe they have a a short clip to play after the after the song. Amen. Sure. Appreciate our song specials this morning. Amen. Amen. I pray this be a blessing. There's a land beyond the river that we call the streets forever. And we'll only reach that shore by faith. One by one we'll gain the portals there to dwell as mortals. And they ring the golden bells for you and [Music] me. At the end of this path, car is just filled. Come from gloryy. They take me back to my heavenly [Music] home. That morning will be so oh glorious when my eyes will finally see the king. The trials will it seem like is nothing when in his arms I can't rest. Oh my Lord, that's where I want to [Music] be. Oh, I will await that great day. The trials won't hold me. They won't hold me back cuz he chose me. It was by election and he made me overcome. Nothing shall stop me from going up. One day I'll return to my heavenly home. My eyes shall see the glory of his majesty to the land of liberty. One morning I'll arrive. This world I'll leave behind. I'll go back to my home. [Music] Gloria [Music] He was so another. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] No. One day I'll return to my heavenly home. My eyes shall see the glory of his majesty to the land of liberty. One morning I'll arrive. This world I'll leave behind. I'll go back to my home. [Music] [Applause] So [Music] glor I'll return to my heavenly home. My eyes shall see the glory of his majesty to the land of liberty. One morning I'll arrive. This world I'll leave behind. I'll go back to my home. To the land of liberty. One morning I'll arrive. This world I'll leave behind. I'll go back to my [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] own. But when that season, this is the wrong season now. This is mortal season. But immortal season is coming. When the immortal one comes, he will bring with him the immortal spirits that has returned to him from the earth. And they shall come forth again in the resurrection for the great millennium and shall shine in his glory. Well, [Applause] Amen. That's the truth. Amen. Looking forward to it. Praise the Lord. God bless you all this morning. I greet you in the lovely name of Jesus Christ. I'm excited to hear the word this morning. I am not going to take any extra time right now, but we have speaking for us this morning, Brother Chad Lamb. Now, it's his first time to be here with us. And I told him, I said, "Brother Chad, if you'll get comfortable, we'll get comfortable." I said, "And and the people will pull on the gift." Amen. And so, I am just so very very pleased that all of you could come and be here with us and and all of our visitors, each and everyone. And I I uh refrain from uh trying to greet everyone because then you might miss someone. and somebody feels bad and I don't want to do that. So anyway, the Lord bless you all. I appreciate it. Let's all stand. I'd like to sing that song, Take Me Deeper. Amen. I believe that God wants to take every one of you deeper. He wants to take you to a higher level. He wants you to take you to another dimension. Amen. If there is a longing only you can [Music] fill a raging tempest only you can still my soul is thirsty Lord to know you as I'm known and drink from the river that flows before your [Music] throne. So take me deeper, deeper in love with you, Jesus, hold me close in your embrace. Oh, take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. Oh, I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Sunrise, sunrise, I will seek your face. Drawn by the spirit to the promise of your grace. My heart is found in you. A hope that will abide. Amen. Your presence forever satisfied. Just take me [Music] deeper, deeper in love, Jesus. Hold me close in your embrace. [Music] Oh, take me deeper, deeper than I've ever been before. And I just want to love you more and more. How I long to be deeper in love. Amen. Is that what your longing is? To be deeper. Amen. That's my longing to this morning. Amen. I've never come to the place where I've had enough. Amen. I don't ever want to come to the place where I've had enough. I want more. Amen. I believe there's more for us. God bless you all this morning. It's certainly wonderful to be here with you. Amen. Like brother Ron said, it's our first time here, but oh, we felt so at home last night. Amen. The atmosphere was so good and we enjoyed the word and we appreciate always our brother Jason. and he's been a real inspiration for me over the years and a real help to me in uh my early years. And just want to say uh God bless you and I want to bring greetings from our home church, Believers Christian Fellowship in Lima, Ohio. Amen. They're all praying for the services here and we've got quite a connection back and forth now because you know we've got uh a couple of the loud boys there and their wives and so we've had some the Braders come and visit and the LAS come and visit. So, we've got connected and Sister Mard's got family in the area. Her brother attends the church, so we get to see her. And some of our saints come down here now and and so there's quite a traffic back and forth. So, I felt it was uh really wonderful to be able to come. And we got Matthew Eron. God bless you, Matthew. He moved down here a few years ago. He grew up there in Lima, Ohio. And now he gets to enjoy sunshine. Amen. So, we can see why he likes it here. It's beautiful. Amen. and also brother Sal and sister Marge Marzulli. They're good friends of ours from back home in in Ohio. And also we've got brother Jonathan Bombgard and his uh as daughter here. He's a deacon in the church. So he traveled down. But oh, God bless you, brother David and Sister Diane and Ruth. Good friends of ours. It's good to have you. So we feel at home. Amen. Amen. So we appreciate being able to be here with you. Amen. While we're standing, if you'll just take your Bibles and we'll go right to the word. I'm not very good at the preliminary things. Amen. But praise God. Uh I just want you to know we love you and we appreciate you. And everybody who's come to visit us, we really enjoy their fellowship. And so they've been good representations of the church. Amen. They they've uh they've been a blessing for us. If we could turn to the book of Acts, chapter 7. Acts chapter 7. We'll begin there and we'll start with verse 44. Acts chapter 7 verse 44. Our fathers had a tabernacle of witness in the wilderness, as he had as he had appointed, speaking unto Moses, that he should make it, according to the fashion that he had seen, which also our fathers that came after brought in with Jesus unto the possession of the Gentiles, whom God drove out before the face of our fathers unto the days of David, who found favor before God, and desired to find a tabernacle for the God of Jacob. But Solomon built him a house. How be it, the most high dwelleth not in temples made with hands, as sayeth the prophet. Heaven is my earth, heaven is my throne, and earth is my foottool. What house will you build me, sayaeth the Lord, or what is the place of my rest? Let's turn to Hebrews chapter 10. We'll pick up one verse before we pray and have you be seated. Hebrews chapter 10 and verse 5. of Hebrews chapter 10 and verse 5. He says in verse 5, "Wherefore when he cometh into the world, he saith, sacrifice and offering thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me." Let's bow our heads together. Dear heavenly father, we're so thankful God that you saw fit to gather us together. We know, Lord, that we're not here of our own accord. For Lord, no man can come unless you draw us. And Lord, you've ordained this morning. You've ordained and orchestrated it all. And we're here at your bidding, Lord. And God, our desire is that you would find welcome here, Lord. God, your prophet told us that you keep all of your appointments. So, we know that you've come according to your word. For you said, wherever two or three are gathered in your name, you'll be in their midst. My God, may it not be like Simon's house where you weren't welcome. But may this be a reception, Lord, where we kiss you, Lord, where we anoint you, where we wash your feet with our tears, where you are found welcome and you're placed at the head of the table, where you can come and take the preeminent position among us, Lord. And we're asking you to come now and by your own hands break the bread of life for us, Lord. And may our eyes be open and may we see you, Lord, as we've seen you before. May you reveal yourself to us, God. I pray you would take this vessel of mine under your control. For Father, you know my needs, Lord. I need you, Lord, to come on the scene. But God, as I yield myself to you, we also have faith in your way. For you chose the foolishness of preaching. And so we come in respect to that, Lord, honoring that command. I pray that you bless your people. And may all that we say and do be pleasing unto you. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Man, you can have your seats. Thank you very much. Amen. So, we read these two scriptures and they don't seemingly go together, but brother Brenham took these two scriptures and placed them together, which is amazing. I always marvel at the scriptures brother Ben Brandham puts together because a prophet is a divine interpreter of the word and he'll make combinations that I would have never made on my own. He'll say something from here and something from here and he'll connect it together and show us that it goes together. Amen. And so we're going to we're going to look at this. Uh I'd like to take for a title, A Body Hast Thou Prepared Me. Amen. Amen. I'm doing something new, something I've never done before. I I sent my uh uh word document off to the Tech brothers and they've got it up here on the overhead. So, I don't know that I'll go in order. I don't know that I'll I'll I'll read everything that's on my notes, but we'll just work together and see where we get. Amen. For God is good. Amen. I tell every visiting minister that we have that comes to the church and when I'm in the back I tell them the same thing. I said, "You just preach what you love because what you love is what we'll love." So that's all I'm here today to do is just tell you things that I love. Amen. Things that excite me, things that thrill my soul, things that give me life and energy. And and I believe it'll do the same for you. Brother Brandham uh in the message stature of a perfect man. Brother Brandham is the one who takes these two scriptures and puts them together in this m message stature of a perfect man. He says now uh the tabernacle is of course a place where we go to rest. Now get freshness and so forth like resting from sleep or so forth. Hebrews 10 and the fifth verse Paul brings it in. Wherefore we when he cometh to the world, he saith, "Sacrifice." That's Christ. Sacrifice and offering thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me. What is the tabernacle now? A body. God tabernacled in a body. Amen. So when we were in Acts 7, he says, "But the Most High dwelleth not in a house made with hands." Amen. But what house will you build for me? And the house that he wanted to be dwelling in, that he wanted to be tabernacled in was a body. Amen. That's what he always desired. Again, in stature of a perfect man, brother Bam says, "Now God or the Bible said here that Steven spoke of Solomon building a temple and the most high don't dwell in temples made with hands. For heaven is my throne and earth is my foottool and where is the place of my rest? But a body hast thou prepared me?" See how brother Bam just took these two scriptures and he stuck them together like it was one scripture because to him they go together. Amen. Amen. But a body hast thou prepared me? Amen. There you are. A body hast thou prepared me? God dwells in the stature of a man, reflecting himself into that being. Perfect worship. Amen. Where is the provided place of worship? It's the place where he placed his name, which is in Christ. And when you get in Christ, where is Christ? In you. Perfect worship. Amen. Yes, sir. Listen now. perfect worship God in us being his tabernacle God manifesting. So when brother Brennan begins this message statue of a perfect man he shows that that tabernacle was a body which was the Lord Jesus Christ when God would come and tabernacle himself in full measure and a man in flesh and that flesh man would be a reflection of the invisible God. Amen. So that you could touch and see and understand God when you see this man. Amen. But brother Benham doesn't leave it there. Amen. What house will you build me? What is the tabernacle? Brother Brenham brings it right down to you and I. Amen. So, it goes further. It keeps working its way down. Amen. To God's uh uh idea, what God wanted to do. If we go to the message, Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He says this, but what he wanted to do, he loved fatherhood for he was a father and the only way that he could express it was to become a son of man. That's the reason Jesus kept saying the son of man. See, they didn't know what he was talking about, many of them. But now you get it. He wanted to express himself. So, let's just stop there for a minute and not not read on. What was God's When we come to Christ is the mystery of God revealed, Brother Benham is now explaining to us the great mystery secret that was in the back part of God's mind. one thing that he wanted to accomplish, one goal that he had in the entire Bible. So we know that God had one goal, one plan, one thing that he was trying to achieve. And all of the Bible is expressing this one goal that God had. And this is the mystery of God. This is Revelations 10:7. What God actually wanted to achieve and everything that he was doing and all that he made, he had a goal in mind, an achievement, an expression. And what he wanted to do was express himself. That was his great goal was to express himself. Amen. And so that was God's mystery plan. And then in Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He says, "Now it's unfolded in a three-fold manner." So there's three parts to this great plan of God, but it's one plan, one goal. And brother Benham said, "Amen." He ties it to the seventh seal, and he ties it to the coming of the Lord. And then he shows that it's been in every type and every shadow and all the characters of the Bible have been expressing this great mystery of God. Oh, praise be to God. Amen. You know what I love? I love your love for the word. Because I'm just talking about what I love. And I can see that you love it. And so we love the same one. Amen. He's the He's the wonderful one to us, our bridegroom. So he wanted to express himself. That was his one of his great three-fold purposes was to express himself identify himself with human beings to reveal himself in Christ. Secondly, to have the preeminence on a body of believers that is his bride that he might live in people. Now listen to what he says. Now he could do that in Adam and Eve but sin separated them. So there now had to be some way to get it back again. Look at that. So God could do this in the beginning with Adam and Eve. And what what he wanted to do is he wanted to show forth this plan. Yes. If we go back to the Garden of Eden, uh God when he begins to express what he wants to express coming into Genesis 1:2, he's now expressing he he's going to begin expressing this great mystery thought that he has this great desire. And what he's going to do first, Brother Bam said, he creates a masterpiece. So he creates a masterpiece. And the masterpiece now he places in a beautiful setting in Eden and he finishes his masterpiece and it's a masterpiece family. And when he finishes the masterpiece family, he goes to take his rest. Amen. We know God's got a plan on all of these things. But what he does first is he shows us what the masterpiece is so that we understand what the great artist is working on. What? Because an artist has a has a inspiration, has a vision in his mind of what he wants to do. And then he works and he works and he works his art until the vision in his mind is now manifest. And whatever manifold, whether it be in clay or in marble or or in paint, he manifests what's in his mind. Amen. And the artist doesn't stop. He doesn't stop until he's finished the perfect image of his mind. So he keeps working and he keeps working. He keeps working. Remember this is a masterpiece family. And so now the first part of this masterpiece is he creates a man in his own image. And he brings forth Adam and now and he brings him down and he places him in flesh and he sets him as God of the earth. Amen. And he's there and God now looks at Adam. Amen. And he says, "Uh, it is not good. Oh my goodness. I go back to this all the time. I preached on this I don't know how many times, but you can never get away from it." Amen. Brother said Genesis is the seed chapter, seed book of the whole Bible. Everything begins there, ends in Revelations. And you can see it, brothers and sisters. It starts here and ends in Revelation. But now we can see that God now he everything every day he's creating. He's creating and he says, "It's good. It's good. It's good. It's good." And he gets man and man's now on earth. He's he's now physical. He's tangible. everything he's lured over now can see him and and he's expressed like they are in animal form and and he's physically on the earth. And then God says something for the first time in Genesis. He said, "It's not good. It's not good that man should be alone." And then he says, "Why is it not good? You're the one who made it that way. How could you say it's not good? You're the only one who's been constructing this so far." Amen. Listen, every word in the Bible is written for us. Amen. to catch something. Why did God say it was not good? Because he wants you to know what's not good. It's not good that man shall dwell alone. I shall make a help meat for him. And brother Brandham said, Adam was lonely because God was lonely because God wanted fellowship. He wanted to express himself and he wanted to have fellowship. So now he's expressing that in this dimension through a son made in his image. And that son's alone. But now he's going to make a help meat for him. Amen. So what does he do? He brings forth every every creature out of the dust of the ground and brings them to Adam to see what he would name to see if there was a suitable help meat for him. And nothing would suit. So all of creation, everything that was being created, nothing suitable. Nothing suitable. Nothing suitable. And what's God doing? God's expressing, Amen. heaven is now being expressed on earth because he had created the heavenly realms. Cherubam, saraphim, the whole mighty host that was in heaven. And there was nothing for God to fellowship with in heaven. He had worship. He had praise. The angels worshiped him day and night. Listen, God has built you and I in places here for more than worship and praise. We do worship and praise him, but he already had that in the heavenly realm. But he wanted something more than just worship and praise. He wanted fellowship. And so now he's expressing this in creation. And now Adam is Lord of all, God of all the earth, in complete control. And everything that's made of all the things that are made, they're all good, but none of it has fellowship. And there's only one way for Adam to have fellowship. God's going to take a part of Adam and pull out a part of Adam to express another expression of Adam. And when he brings another expression of Adam, now Adam will find something he can fellowship with because he can only fellowship with himself. [Applause] That's why brother Brandham says, "I see the seventh seal coming all the way up from the beginning in Genesis and all the way through in Satan's Eden." And brother Ram says, "And so God knew that we would be here. But then he put us in flesh so that we could be contacted in order he could contact. He became one of us when he became Jesus Christ, the son of God himself, the fullness of the manifestation of God. Therefore, that was God's purpose to display his attributes in fellowship." Amen. When I was in my father, I knew nothing about it. But when I become a son, I was born of him. I was an attribute part of my father. And you're a part of your father. And as children of God, we are part of God's attribute that was in him, made flesh like he was made flesh, so we can have fellowship one with the other as a family of God upon the earth. And that was God's purpose at the beginning. Yes, sir. That's what God wanted at the beginning. Praise God. So what did God want at the beginning? God wanted his attributes of himself to come into manifestation to have fellowship one with another as a family of God upon the earth. That's what this original creation was all about. Amen. That's why fellowship is so important. That's why this meeting is so wonderful. That's why coming to see you is so fantastic. Amen. Because when we when listen when we come and have fellowship on the word of God and on the things of God and we're coming here around the message of the hour. Hey, listen. This isn't flesh with flesh. This is attribute connecting to attribute. This is God fellowshipping with God. This is the family of God. This is the fellowship he's longed for. Praise the Lord. That's why when you embrace your brother, you embrace your sister, who are you embracing? Amen. Amen. Amen. In the message identification, he said, "Then you see God came down and the character of God was Christ. He was the reflection. He was God made visible." Notice God made visible. In the beginning was God. He wasn't even God then. No, God is an object of worship. Only thing he was was the eternal. And in him was attributes. And those attributes were thoughts. And those thoughts was expressed to words. and word was made manifest. Amen. What is it? It's all God becoming tangible and you are part of God. Praise praise be to God. Sometimes you read things and it just takes your breath away. And you say, "Can it be real?" Your mind will go squirly trying to piece it together and analyze it and make sense of it and you just get confused. But something inside starts to go thump thump thump thump. It's nothing but the truth. Amen. I can't explain it. I can't rationalize it. I can't read it reason it. But when he says it's all God becoming tangible and you are part of God, something inside goes thump thump. Amen. Amen. In the message, God is his own interpreter. He says, "And now remember, you Christians were his thoughts before there was a world and you are the manifestation of his thinking. Before before there uh even was a world, you were in Christ." Amen. In God in the beginning that makes you then you see his subjects and the whole thing is God himself materializing himself tangible so he could be handled, seen and so forth. And that's what God is the whole thing. Amen. God is so good, friends. Amen. So, we're just laying these things down as the background to go into some things that we we've been looking at. If we can go to Genesis chapter 1 now. Go back to the beginning. Genesis chapter 1 and verse 26. And God said, "Let us make man in our image after our likeness, and let him have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth." Now, we turn to Genesis chapter 2, and we've already recited this to you. God saw that it was not good that man should be alone. He laid him to sleep. He pulled out of him a rib, and he formed the woman. And and he says uh uh let's go to verse 21. Chapter 2, verse 21. And the Lord God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he slept, and he took one of his ribs and closed up the flesh instead thereof. And the rib which the Lord had taken from man made he woman and brought her unto the man. And Adam said, "This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh." She shall be called woman, because she was taken out of man. Amen. Therefore shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall cleave unto his wife, and they shall be one flesh. Amen. Oh, this is good. Praise him in the message. The God of his evil evil age, he says in God's own thinking, God the great spirit in the beginning. Before there was a beginning, he was God. And did you know you were in him then? If you are a Christian now, you was in him then. And then if that be so, the whole Godhead bodily shaped up in the person of Jesus Christ. And then when Jesus died at the cross, I died with him for I was in him then. For he was the fullness of the word manifested knowing that we would be manifest later and we was at Calvary with him. Amen. Why? Because an attribute of God is the word of God. And the full attributes of God, the full word of God was made flesh and dwelt among us. Amen. If that was the full word of God and I'm part of the world word of God, then I had to be part of that expression. I was there. Amen. I'm not conscious of it, not aware of it, don't understand anything about it. I don't even know in what form and I can't give you any explanation mechanically to make it make sense to your mind. The only thing I know is if that was the fullness of the word and I'm part of the word then I was there. Amen. That's why brother Brandham could say, "Amen. I was there." Amen. When they crossed the Red Sea, I mean, I was there. Why? Because it was the word being expressed. And wherever the word's been expressed, I'm there. I'm connected to it. I'm part of it because I was part of that great one mystery thought that was in God's mind. Amen. And the thoughts of God are eternal. Brother Bam said, "The thoughts of God are eternal. They're real. They're not like our thoughts. They're not like a blueprint. They're already real. They're not becoming real. They're real." Amen. Hallelujah. And what what thoughts of God are eternal? Because obviously God thought of his plan of redemption because he had the lamb slain before the foundation of the world. So if he knew that he would come as a lamb and he would knew he'd be slain, he knew there would be a fall, he knew there would be those who would slay the lamb, he knew there would be a Roman government, he knew there would be uh Pharisees and sad, he knew all of that. He foresaw it all in the plan of redemption. And so because uh because Pharaoh and because Caesar and because Pilate and because Ananas sacrifice were in his thinking, does that make them eternal? Amen. No. Because brother Bam tells us it was the thoughts of himself. The thoughts that he had of himself. And when he was thinking of himself, that's the one great mystery that he had in the back part of his mind. the thought of himself, how he would come into expression, how he would manifest his attributes, how he would express himself. Amen. How he would make himself his attributes on the earth and how he would collect them back together in redemption. Amen. Those are the eternal thoughts of God. It's gone. That's right. Materializing, becoming tangible. Yes. So he says when he was at Calvary because first he says when God had this plan mystery plan in his mind the thoughts of God I was there. Amen. Because I'm an attribute of his thinking. Amen. And then when those those thoughts come into expression and were made flesh in the body of Jesus Christ, I was there too. Amen. That's right. Amen. Because we're part of it. So when God made Adam and Adam was expressed on the earth and God was and Adam was walking around and it wasn't good that he was alone because he was lonely. Amen. There was somebody else with him. Amen. Amen. When God told him to take dominion, there was somebody else with him. Yeah. When God told him to multiply and replenish, there was somebody else with him. Amen. Cuz his bride was already in him. She was there. And God said, Amen. He made them male and female. Amen. Amen. And so he he made him in the image of God. Made him male. Male and female made he them. And then he placed them in Adam. So in Adam was the expression of male and female all wrapped up in one. He was the fullness of that expression. Amen. And so when God, amen, wanted to go ahead and find fellowship for Adam, he didn't find another created being, another creation, what he did is he took what was inside of Adam. Brother Brandham said he split the feminist spirit off of Adam and he separated the masculine and feminist and put the feminist in another body and took part of his flesh to make that body. And Adam, when he saw this woman, he said, "This is it." Amen. This is the one. You brought every creature before me, everything that was made, 4-footed beast, and every kind of creepy thing, and nothing was there. But this is it. This is what I can fellowship because this is flesh of my flesh and bone of my bone. She is me. When you look at, she is me. That's me looking back at me. Amen. and not listen it wasn't a carbon copy it was a complimentary piece because this was male and now this was female and now when and brother Brandham said and and and then he put them two back together he says and the first marriage that ever took place the first marriage ceremony he put them back together as one and now they are one flesh what are they what makes them one two complimentary pieces amen what they came from the same source one was separated out, united back together, and they were one. That's right. Oh, praise be to God. Let's go to uh uh uh uh uh Genesis chapter 5. Amen. I feel like laboring on this just for a minute. Praise God. Thank you, brother. Make me feel good. Not everybody agrees with you, but I do. We're in agreement. Amen. Genesis chapter 5. Let's look at verse one. This is the book of the generations of Adam in the day that God created man and the likeness of God made he him. male and female created he them and blessed them and called their name Adam in the day when they were created you realize Eve is not a good name I know there's so many times listen friends you just hang with me for a minute because I say some things sometime and I don't mean to do it this way but I say some things that are shocking sometimes but I don't mean to be shocking. I don't do it for shock. In fact, I do it to my own church at home all the time. I say something and they look at me and they're staring at me like a mule looking at a new gate like, "What is this?" Because there's some things that strike you in Revelation and it's so hard to express it with human language. But listen, Eve never got a name till after she separated from her husband and fell in adultery. In her name, mother of all living is a name of adultery. Because how did she become the mother of all living? through adultery. So that name is like brother Benham said it's a blasphemous name. What was her original name? What was her name in the day she was created and unified with her husband? Her name was Adam. He made them male and female and called their plural name Adam singular. They had one name because in the eyes of God they were one. They started as one. He separated two expressions, united them back together. And to God, you may look and may you may see two individuals walking around in the garden, but when God looked, he saw one. And that one was Adam. It was Adam male and it was Adam female. You can imagine God, amen, coming in the cool of the evening. And brother Ram used to dramatize it for us. And he would come down in the cool of the evening. Amen. And you could see if he wanted, Amen. If he wanted Adam, he wanted his son to come running to him, he would call Adam. He'd come running. Come on. Now, if he wanted the woman to come to him, what would he call? You guys passed the test 100%. That's why in this day at the breaking of the seals and the opening of the word, Amen. There's no more Baptist. There's no more Catholic. There's no more Protestant. There's no more Pentecostal. There's just Jesus Christ. Mrs. Jesus Christ. She's come back in unification with the word. And she got her original name back. His name is her name because she came from him. She's part of him. And under this ministry in the end times, she's being united back to him. And she got her name restored. Brother Brandham in the first seal, he said, "I'm going to call you bride." Bride's not a name. Bride's a title. I'm going to call you bride so that you'll understand. What is it you have to understand? You're going through an identity change now. Not denominational, not church, not systems, not seven church ages, but now you're coming to be the bride of Jesus Christ. And if you're the bride, then you take his name. [Music] misses Jesus Christ. So, I'll make another shocking statement like Eve was a bad name. Now, don't feel bad for calling her Eve. That's the name her husband gave her. But it signifies her fall. That's why all these denominational names signify the fall. But now when you go to the garden before the fall, from the time the woman comes into expression before the fall, Adam lived in two bodies. Amen. Now listen, I told you a shocking statement. And listen, I promise I don't say it for shock factor. I just don't know how else to say it. Adam walked in two bodies. Yes, he did. Because the woman didn't have her own spirit. She had Adam's spirit. That's it. He God didn't create a new spirit. He took Adam's spirit and put Adam's spirit in her. And so, she was the feminine Adam spirit that was in Adam. When God separated out, he didn't just change its identity and now it's no longer. That was Adam's female spirit that he split off and put in another vessel and now this is Adam. I I Let's just slow down for a minute. Do you believe that both masculine and feminist were in one vessel named Adam? Okay. So, all of that was Adam. When God split the feminine spirit off and pulled that feminine spirit out and placed it in another vessel called women, what spirit was that? It was Adam's spirit. So, Adam now lived in two bodies. That's right. And God called them one. Amen. And they remained as one until she left her marriage vows. That's right. and went into adultery. Amen. Let's go to Ephesians chapter 5 together. Amen. I see brother Jason preach last night and I sit in my seat and I marvel. I love the way he preaches. I think I don't know if it's just me or other preachers feel the same way. When I see somebody else pre I'm like, I wish I preached like that. Amen. I give anything to be dynamic and powerful and tie those things together, but you know, we can only be what we are. And so, I appreciate y'all creating an atmosphere that lets me be what I am. Amen. Because I've never been successful at anything else. I'm a total failure being a copycat. Praise the Lord. Amen. And I've failed being myself a lot, too. So, if I can't get myself right, how am I going to be a copycat? Amen. Ephesians 5 22. Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands as unto the Lord. For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church, and he is the savior of the body. Therefore, as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands in everything. Husbands, love your wives even as Christ also loved the church and gave himself for that he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word. that he might present it to himself a glorious church, not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing, but he should be holy and without blemish. That's what he's done for us in this day. This is what invisible union's all about. Amen. Being washed in the bleeding word. Be restored back to a virgin condition to have all the prostitution swept away by the word of God in this day to bring us back to a virgin condition so we can unite with Christ. That's what he's doing. He's fulfilling Ephesians 5. Amen. So they could be holy and without blemish. So ought men to love their wives as their own bodies. Amen. Amen. He that loveth his wife loveth himself. For no man ever yet hated his own flesh, but nourisheth and cherisheth it even as the Lord the church. For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones. For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother and shall be joined unto his wife and they shall be one flesh. This is a great mystery but I speak concerning Christ and the church. So he said what I'm talking to you looks like I'm talking about marriage and divor about marriage but he's not talking about marriage. He's talking about Christ in the church. It's a great mystery. It's a great time. And he says in verse 30 I'll read that again. For we are members of his body of his flesh and of his bones. Sometimes when I read that scripture, it just checks me on the inside. Is it really saying what it's saying? For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones. See, this isn't to me. This isn't figurative statement. This is very material. Flesh and bones. It's not like we're like Christ. It's not like we're like his body, but he the the Apostle Paul is telling us we are his body. It's not typology. It's reality. It's not figurative. It's not that kind of of language. He's not just speaking poetically, but Paul is actually breaking it down into a reality. And he's saying you are you are you are part of his body. You're members of his body of his flesh and of his bones. And he's saying, "No, no, no man ever yet hated his own flesh, but loveth it." Hey, husbands, love your wives as your own body. What's he showing you? A mystery. I'm really talking about Christ in his church. What is Christ loving? His own body. Amen. And no man ever yet hated his own body, but loveth and nourishes his own body, and washes it with the washing of the water of the word, so he can wash away all the pro filth of the prostitute spirits, so they can make can he present to himself. Hey, you realize that you've never done anything to make yourself presentable, but Christ presented to himself a church without spot or wrinkle or any such thing. Hey, hey, this message came with the purity of the word. You realize you can never be made spot-ree with a dirty word. With a polluted word, with a dirty water. You can't get clean with dirty water. Amen. And the word that had been corrupted through seven church ages could never make you spotless white virgin again. Amen. In order to bring back the purity and whiteness of the church, he had to bring back a washing material. And the washing material was his word. And that's why in the invisible union, you said you're washed by the bleeding bloody word. The word that bled for you. The word that died for you. What is washing you? It's the word that's washing you. What word? Not a dirty word. The pure word that's been restored through a prophetic ministry came. Why is he washing you? So that he can present to himself. [Applause] So many times we think, "I've got to do this and I've got to do that." And we so many times feel unworthy. Brother Jason was just hitting on that last night and it was blessing me because of things I've been through lately. Amen. We get discouraged and we don't feel like we measure up to the measuring stick. Listen, that's Satan. He's trying to bring us back into legalism. He's trying to bring us back into measuring sticks and works program and listen and we know we don't believe in all of that. None of us believe in that. But yet we go to it every time we get discouraged and we fail and we fall and we look in the mirror and we say, "Well, I'm not measuring up here. I'm not measuring up here." And we feel like we're unacceptable. Well, tell me what you can do to be acceptable because I want to do it. If you found something that you can do of your own effort to make you acceptable, please let me know. Amen. Amen. Amen. He's made us accepted in the beloved. Not that we've made ourselves. He's made us accepted and he's washed us. Why did he wash us? Why did he wash us in the water of the word and make us spotless and without blemish? So that he can unite again with his bride. Why? Because no man hateth his own flesh. Hallelujah. And we are his flesh and his bones according to Paul Brother said in Christ is the mystery God revealed. He said he is the head of the church which is his body and he wants the preeminences. Listen now listen close while we're going. One, he is to be the head of the body, his bride's body, which is taken from him, flesh and bone, like in Adam. See, bride. Amen. So, brother Ram's taking us right back to Adam and saying what he's doing is the same thing he did in Adam. Amen. Amen. What did he do in Adam? He took the feminist out of Adam and put it in another form. And that other form was Adam and he combined the two back together as one flesh. He's doing today the same thing he did in Adam. Brother Bam said sometimes you you really don't know what you are. That's right. And I say that's the truth, friends. These minds are corrupted and they're darkened and alienated from God. It's only this message that starts to break the light in and pierce through the darkness of our intellect and start striking our soul with a true identification my notes are all messed up. So, praise God. All right. When we saw that cloud come down in 1963, and brother Brenham comes later. Amen. And God tells him to turn it to the right. First, Brother Brenham saw it as a pyramid cloud, a constellation of angels. And he got caught up in it. Amen. But later when he saw to turn it to the right, he's thinking, well, I'm looking at it right now to the right. He turns it to the right. And there he sees the head of Christ. Amen. And where was the head coming to, friends? The head was coming to unite with the body. Where was the body? The body was on earth. Whose body? There's the question. Whose body? What body was that? You say, "Well, the body of his bride, the body of the church. He's the head of the church." All of that is true. But I ask you a question. If I duck myself down here and I stick my hand out, that's part of my body. I could bring three or four brothers back there. We could all duck ourselves down here and and then you could guess whose body that is. Amen. But there's one way to clearly identify what body it is. When you look at the head, the head identifies the body. So when the headship came to the body, it identified that the head is coming to the body of Christ which is a many membered body which is his bride. Our identification is not separate than the headship. But our identification is found in the headship so that I know who I am because of where I came from. Thank you Lord. We as the body, we only need to look to the head to find out who we are. And the message oneness brother says if you'll notice how that Eve was united with Adam she became part of him. Oh God did you notice in Genesis 1:27 he created man male and female. He created the he them. Now man was both male and female when it came to being in spirit of feminine and masculine. Then God took from his side a rib. Did you notice the body part was a byproduct but not the spirit? The body part of the woman was a byproduct after the creation had been finished. God took from the side of Adam a rib and made a woman, but not the spirit. The spirit was part of Adam, for he was both male and women. Woman, spiritually speaking, both masculine and feminist. Now, don't you see the great picture? [Music] Oh, brothers, at this point of the stage, we read that statement a little differently than we did a little before. Don't you see the great picture? We and flesh are different. We're like a byproduct, a created being by holy wedlock. But in spirit we are sons and daughters. Not some other spirit but the spirit of the living God. We are in his likeness in his unity in the perfect image of the living God. Because we become sons and daughters. Not separated but the same spirit. The same God, the same person joined in wedlock to the eternal. See how God planned it that we should be not a different but him. Not some other being of some other tribe but a real union and offspring of almighty done by a holy union. Now the body comes from mother and father but the spirit comes from God. God separated himself as Adam was separated. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. On the day of Pentecost we find the Holy Spirit, the pillar of fire separating itself and settling upon each member of the church. God putting himself together. Then with that group of people together, what does it do? Brings back the unified body of the Lord Jesus coming together. Oh, praise be to God. I just want to go through a few scriptures quickly. I think they'll be on the overhead. We don't have to turn. I just want to hit them fast to show you how Paul taught this in the New Testament. In 1 Corinthians 12:27, he says, "Now you are the body of Christ." Amen. That's it. Not you will be. He's not talking about the future. He says now you are the body of Christ and members in particular. Meaning I may be just the speck off the tip of a little piece of skin. Praise the Lord. I might be a skin cell on the bottom of a foot of his foot. What is this? That's the tip of my pinky. That is Chad, that's not all of Chad, but this is certainly Chad. Hallelujah. If I touch my big toe, what what am I touching? You can call it has a title toe. But what's the name of my toe? Chad. Sometimes when we bring it down to kindergarten, it starts to set in. What do you call this? You guys are passing the test. So the correct answer could be ear. This is ear. That's title. But what's the name of my ear? Ye are the body of Christ and members in particular. You say, "Well, I'm just a member. I'm a nobody. I'm on the bottom. I'm the skin on the bottom of the sole of the foot. I'm just a little something underneath the toenail." It doesn't matter. Your name is Mrs. Jesus Christ. Amen. You're identified by that headship. And the body is identified by the headship. And the whole body is the body of Jesus Christ. I'm going to prepare you. I'll make another shocking statement. Not for shock effect, but just I don't always know how to eloquently express myself. But if Adam could live in two bodies, can Jesus Christ live in two bodies? Yes, sir. Amen. Can there be a bridegroom body? And can there be a bride body? This sometimes is what's so confusing about the coming of the Lord. That's right. Brother B says, "We don't look for nail scars. We look for the word made manifest." In the coming of the Lord, we know this time he's coming in bride form to express himself in bride form. Not a different person, the same person, but another form, but the same person, the same name, the same life, but another form. And so sometimes we think it can't be Jesus Christ because I haven't seen the nail prints. Listen, there is a there is a male form of that body, amen, that the fullness was wrapped in when he walked the Sea of Galilee. Where were you when he walked the Sea of Galilee? You were there. When he went to Calvary, where were you? You were there. Where was the woman when Adam was first on earth? Amen. She was there. When he was told to take dominion, she was there. When he was told to multiply and replenish, she was there. Amen. When Jesus walked the Sea of Galilee and healed the lame. Amen. Open blinded eyes. Amen. Contested the Pharisees. We were there when he went to Calvary. We were there. And what did God do at Calvary? He separated us out. Amen. And now he brought into another form. Amen. The bride form. And if Adam could live in two bodies, Jesus Christ can live in two bodies. That's why the corporal body of Jesus Christ with the nail prints, the one that Thomas saw, Amen. that one has not returned. When that body returns, he comes to set up the throne of David in the millennium. And I'm so thankful we'll see that form and worship that form and be, "Oh, I can't wait to see it." Amen. Amen. But just because that form hasn't returned doesn't mean the Lord hasn't come. That's right. We're still looking for that coming to come to set up the millennial kingdom. That's it. But he's come and the formation of his bride. It's the headship coming to the body to express himself. But what expression? What expression? Not the male expression. He already expressed that. Now he's expressing the female expression and the bride. Not necessarily a replica but complimentary part with the same life inside. Let's look at 1 Corinthians 12:12. For as the body is one and hath many members, and all the members of that one body being many, are one body, so also is Christ. Amen. I'm going to read that again slower because I've read this all my life and I I just you know how it is in the Bible when you've read it like over and over, you just read it and we miss it. For as the body is one and have many members, fingers, toes, ears, nose, mouth, all this, hair, follicles, everything. And all the members of that one body being many are one body. So also is Christ. It's not like Christ, not Christ is like, but so also is Christ. So what is Christ? Christ is a many membered body. Is that what Paul's telling us? As the body is one, but as many members and all the members make up one body, so also is Christ. Meaning Christ is a many membered body. Praise the Lord. 1 Corinthians 12:27, now you are the body of Christ and members in particular. Sir, I want to ask, how could Paul come to such a conclusion? Let's go to Acts chapter 9. Acts chapter 9 and verse three. Acts chapter 9:3. And as he journeyed, he came near Damascus, and suddenly there shined right about him a light from heaven. And he fell to the earth. And I heard a voice saying unto him, "Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou?" Me. Amen. That's right. Who was Paul persecuting? The church. We have no record where Saul ever touched Jesus Christ in the male form. Amen. No record where have he ever persecuted Jesus from I say Jesus of Nazareth just so he could understand. He never persecuted Jesus of Nazareth. He never hauled him into prison. He never he never smoked him. But what he did is after Jesus had gone, died, resurrected. Amen. Pentecost came, the church now spread its influence. Amen. Now Paul gets letters, amen, from the high priest to go into Damascus. And he's wreaking havoc on the church is what the Bible says. Hauling men and women into prison and having those executed and all kinds of things were happening. And Jesus comes and stops him with a pillar of fire because he would recognize pillar of fire. What was he not recognizing? He was not recognizing the body of Jesus Christ. So he knew being a Jew he would recognize pillar of fire. So he come to him in the form of pillar of fire and in the pillar of fire smoteed him down on the ground and said Saul Saul why persecutest thou me and he said who art thou Lord and the Lord said I am Jesus whom ye persecutest he didn't say I am church. Who was Paul persecuting? He was persecuting the church of Jesus Christ. And Jesus said, "You," he says, "Why are you persecuting me?" He said, "Who are you?" Amen. He didn't have another name that he could give to the female form because she can't take another identification. When he his life was in female form, he called it Jesus. [Applause] You see what this message has done for us, friends. That's why brother Brandham, after the opening of the seals, he said, "My Bible's become a new book." It's still becoming new, friends. Every day we open it. God, may God take the scales off of our eyes. Amen. We come into this world blinded to the things of God, alienated from the things of God, having our minds darkened, amen, and it takes this message, amen, to peel back the darkness so that we could see. And brother Brandham, after the opening of the seals, a man that had preached decades, read his Bible, preached all over the world, he said, "My Bible became a new book. Who are you, Lord? Where did the pillar of fire go on the day of Pentecost? Into his body. His life came into his body. And when Paul went to a city and grabbed a woman and grabbed a man and he grabbed him by the arm, who was he grabbing? Amen. Who was he hauling to prison? Who was he stoning? Who was he throwing in jail? Who was he persecuting? That's it. That's right. Amen. How many of you have a red letter Bible? I'm not the biggest fan of a red letter Bible because I think they all should be read. That's right. That's right. I mean, I use one. It's helpful sometimes, but if you have a red letter Bible, who's this talking to Paul, saying, "You know that little old lady you hauled out of that Syrian city the other day and threw her in jail. That was me. Cuz my life is behind that veil. Yes, sir. You know that man you broke in, you broke into his house and you grabbed him and you disrupted that church and you grabbed him, you hauled him to prison. You know who that was, Paul? That was me. Because my life is veiled behind that veil. Amen. This is my bride. Amen. That's right. Sometimes we say bride and bride of Christ and all these things and we in our minds we start separating things out into two different people, two different persons, but really it's two expressions of the same life which is the life of God that he wanted to express on the earth. Thank you, Lord. Let's go to Ephesians 2:19. We'll just go with this on the overhead. Now therefore, you are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints and of the household of God, and are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone, and whom all the building fitly framed together growth into a holy temple of the Lord, in whom ye also are builded together for a habitation of God through the spirit. Amen. So, where does God dwell? That's right. Amen. habitation that means like where he lives. So this many membered bride all collected together is the habitation of God through the spirit. Ephesians 1, this is another one of those scriptures you got to slow down a little bit on. Ephesians 1:22. And hath put all things under his feet, and gave him to be head over all things to the church, which is his body. So what's his body? The church. The fullness. Amen. Of him. Amen. That fleth all in all. Hallelujah. So what is the church according to Paul? the fullness of him that fillth all along. Why? Because all that God was, he poured where? Into Christ. So if God emptied himself into Christ, and all that Christ was, he'd emptied into the church. Where is the fullness of him that filth all in all? Amen. Praise God. And no wonder Paul wasn't confused on this because Paul got a lesson from Jesus himself. Oh, praise God. If we go to the Peramian church age from the church age book, I want to read a section where the angel of the Lord told brother Benham to pick up his pen and write. So this isn't from brother Benham. This is from the angel. This is a message from God to the church. I'm just going to read a small portion. He said, "The first son, Adam, was the spoken seed word of God. He was given a bride to reproduce himself." That is why the bride was given to him to reproduce himself, to produce another son of God. But she fell. She fell by hybridization. She caused him to die. Amen. The second son, Jesus, also a spoken seed, word of God, was given a bride like as was Adam. But before he could marry her, she also had fallen. She, like Adam's wife, was put to the test whether she would believe the word of God and live or doubt the word and die. She doubted. She left the word. She died. From a little group of the true seed of the word, God will present Christ with a beloved bride. She is virgin of his word. She is virgin because she knows no man-made creeds or dogmas. By and through the members of the bride will be fulfilled all that was promised of God to be made manifest in the virgin. That's right. Let's look at this statement again. By and through the members of the bride will be fulfilled all that was promised of God to be made manifest in the virgin. What was promised of God to be made manifest in the virgin? He says it next. The word of promise came to the Virgin Mary. But the word of promise was he himself to be made manifest. So what's coming to the virgin bride? The same thing that came to the Virgin Mary. He himself to be made manifest. How? Through the virgin bride. Says listen, he himself acted at that time. Mary didn't. act. What could Mary do to produce an immaculate conception? I don't think she could do anything. Amen. But look at what this word says. God was made manifest. He himself acted at that time and fulfilled his own word of promise in the virgin. It was an angel that had brought her the message. But the angel's message was the word of God. Isaiah 9:6. He fulfilled at that time all that was written of him because. Look at the because. It's a clause. Amen. It's a it's it's a clause. Because she accepted his word to her. Be it unto me according to your word. Amen. God can never force himself on anyone. God is a gentleman. What he was looking for was somewhere where his word could find a home and she would believe the word. Was she predestinated? Yes. Was she chose before the foundation of the world? Was she mighty favorite of God in heaven? Absolutely. She was all of those things. But God, amen, had to get something back from her, amen, for this prophecy to move forward. She was the chosen virgin. She was the one that he foresaw. Amen. When he had a lamb slain before the foundation of the world, he knew what womb he would come through. And he selected this virgin at an appointed time. And he sent a messenger, an angel messenger to her at an appointed time, just like he's done for you and I. Amen. He's come and washed us and restored us back to virginity, washing away all the creeds and dogmas and everything that polluted us and brought us back to himself. Amen. And brought us back to the promise of the word. And that promise of the word is he himself to be made manifest. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And he acted at that time. And fulfilled his own word of promise in the virgin. But the angel's message was the word of God. Isaiah 9:6 says, "He fulfilled at that time all that was written of him because she accepted his word to her." Do we want Christ to fulfill all that he promised in this age? Do we want him to fulfill the promise? What is the promise? He himself to be made manifest through what? Through the virgin. Amen. Through his bride. He himself. And we want him to act at that time. And we want him to fulfill his own word. But what does he need? What does he need? What is the son of man going to find when he comes on the earth? That was the question. What will the son of man find? Will he find faith? Will he find somebody who hears the angel messenger's message to them and say, "That's nothing but the truth, brother. Be it unto me, Lord, according to your word. I'll be your bride. I'll be your dwelling place. I'll be a vessel that you can live through." Amen. Mary had no power to produce the word. Mary had no power to bring it to pass. She had no power to do anything. The only thing she had was the power of her own free choice. She had the power of free moral agency. She had a seed faith inside of her. And she had the power of a positive confession to say, "I will lay down my life. I will lay down my ambitions." Listen, this was a woman who was engaged to a man to be married. This was a 15, 16 year old girl in a backwoods place in Nazareth that was just going to the well one day. And her acceptance of this word would change her life, ruin her reputation, possibly get her put away from the man she was going to marry. She had no idea what her future prospect would be. She had no idea if anybody would believe her. She had no idea she'd be rejected by her family and cast out and called names. But at that moment, none of that mattered or entered in her mind because one thing struck her soul that that what he's telling me is the truth. And what that angel was telling her was the most impossible thing for that girl to believe, a 15, 16 year old girl from Nazareth. Can anything good come from Nazareth? That's what most people say about lime, Ohio. No mountains, no sunshine, no rivers, no lakes. Can anything good come from Lima? God help us. Lord, she had no no uh no aspiration, no accolades in the community, no support, no backup, no people in high places. She had nothing. Yeah. Come on. And going to the well one day in a normal ordinary day like she did every other day. And no doubt she was thinking about her upcoming wedding because she was betrothed to a man and wondering what her future life would be like and marriage and children and she was normal like we're normal. And all of a sudden an angel of the Lord appears to her says, "Hail thou Mary highly favored." And she was troubled in her mind at his saying. It's like I can imagine her looking around. Hail Mary, highly favored. He knows my name. And he called me highly favored. He's identifying me. Yes. Then he starts to say it's time. This is the season for the prophecy to be fulfilled. Glory to God. That's exciting. But the next statement's a little more. Yes, sir. And you're the place the prophecy will come into fulfillment. Isaiah chapter 7. She had to believe she was the word that when Isaiah said, "A virgin shall conceive." Amen. If Isaiah saw it in a vision, Isaiah saw Mary. And at that moment, she had to accept the angel's message to her. That what Isaiah said in Isaiah chapter 7 was her. She found herself in the scriptures. That scripture was her. Her identification was that word right there. That's me, mama. That's me right there. I'm looking at me in the Bible. You know how impossible this was? How unlikely. How unbelievable. Amen. There's no reason for this girl to believe that. But she believed it. That's right. Amen. And I don't know how special you were before the message came to you. And if you lived at the president's house or you were rich and but you were probably just as bad off as Mary or worse. And you probably had no standing in the community. You had no good name. You had nothing going for you. Amen. But an angel messenger come to you and said, "Guess what? This is the season for prophecy to be fulfilled. And I got something else to tell you. You're the place that it'll be fulfilled." And something inside, Amen. You might have been troubled in your mind at the greeting. You might have none. What is he trying to say? What does this mean? What is it? It's complicated. How will this happen? It's I don't understand it mechanically in my mind. She asked a legitimate question. How will this be? Seeing I know no man. She goes right to carnality. She's looking at science. How will this be knowing I know man? And he says, "Well, that's easy to explain. the Holy Ghost will overshadow you. You know, that explains nothing scientifically. That's no answer. Like she wants to know, "How is there going to be reproduction? I know no man." And he says, "Uh," and he gives her the same kind of answer Jesus always gives, elusive and spiritual. And the answer he gives doesn't satisfy the intellect. That's right. The answer he gives doesn't satisfy the mind. It doesn't calculate. It doesn't draw an equation. It doesn't answer the scientific question of how it's possible. He says, "The Holy Ghost shall ever out of you, and the thing that'll be formed in you shall be the son of the most high." And she says, "Be it unto me." That answered my question. How did that answer the question? It didn't answer it here, but it did something down here. She realized it's not your effort. It's not your power. It's not anything a man can do. This is something I'm going to do in you. And she says, "God, if that's the way you want it, then you've got a vessel right here that you can use." And that's what God is doing today, friends, he needs a vessel that he can use. He doesn't need your effort. You can't do it. You can't keep the promise. You can't be the virgin bride of Jesus Christ. You can't manifest the full life of Jesus Christ in any human effort you got whatsoever. He doesn't need your effort. You can say, "How is everything, brother Benam saying at the end time? How will it play out? What will it look like? How will we have the power? Will there be the power of spoken word? Will everybody have it? Will some have it? Will we create squirrels? What's going to happen? It's confusing. Should we all do this or should some of us do this or when should we do it? After the squeeze, before the squeeze. Come on. The reality is we have no idea what's coming next. We have little snippets just to know that there's something God, how is this going to happen? Don't worry. It'll be the Holy Ghost in you. Be it unto me according to your word. Amen. If it's the Holy Ghost going to do the work, you're then you're not asking me to do anything. You're not asking me to perform, jump through hoops, manifest anything. You're not asking me to give some fleshly evidence or make sure I can perform on a certain There's no performance she could do. There's nothing she had. There's no way she could bring it to pass. All he needed was somebody who would believe the word. And if she could believe the word and accept the word that was given to her, then he could perform what he had promised in her. What's God looking for today? He's looking for the other part of himself that will believe the word. Praise the Lord. Brother Brandham in 1958, he says the message Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. So now if you if I've told you the truth, Jesus Christ will work in his church and you and I just the same as he did when he was here on earth in physical body. How many knows that his physical body sits on the throne of God? And his spirit returned to the earth to live in the church to energize it as a vine through the branches. Certainly. Then he has no hands but mine and yours. He has no eyes but mine and yours. Now obviously brother Bam's talking about in this dimension. So in this dimension where's his body? What's your name? Lord. It has to go beyond intellect. Amen. Has to be a driving reality in the soul. Amen. Brother Jason last night read out of John 15:5, "I am the vine, you are the branches. He that abideth in me and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit, but without me you can do nothing." Amen. Obviously, that's where Mary was. How shall this be? I don't know a man. I can't do what you're asking me to do. That's right. He said, "I'm not asking you to do anything. I'm asking you to believe something." Hallelujah. Amen. So good. Amen. But this is where I was woke up this morning and I started dwelling and meditating while I was still trying to go back to sleep and it didn't work. Going back to sleep didn't work. That is he said in proving his word, brother Brandham comes and he tells us that the son of man ministry will come and be so real that it'll literally unite the head and the body together. It'll bring the marriage of the lamb. He said the word will so re be so real till it'll unite the church in him as one, the bride and then she'll go home to the wedding supper. Amen. She's already united. See, we go to the wedding supper, not the marriage. Then he goes to quote part of the scripture, fill yourself with the flesh and mighty men because the marriage of the lamb has come. But the rapture is going to the wedding supper. When the word here unites with the person and the two become one and then what does it do then? It manifests the son of man again. Not the church theologian, the son of man. The word and the church becomes one. Whatever the son of man done, he was the word. The church does the same thing. Why? because she's received the same life. Amen. But this is what I've been dwelling on this morning and this is what I want to finish with. Let's go to First Corinthians 6. It'll be on the overhead. 1 Corinthians 6:19 says, "What know you not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost, which is in you, which you have of God, and you are not your own?" For you are bought with a price. Therefore, glorify God in your body and in your spirit, which are gods. All of these things we've been shouting about thrill our soul. But when we come down to it, it brings a responsibility. And this is what I've been meditating on this morning. See, remember we said Adam dwelt in two bodies. When the woman, which we can retroactively call her Eve, she wasn't called Eve until the fall, but we retroactively, that's fine. We could do that. when she began to mill around and talk to the serpent and get other ideas other than the ideas she was originally given and she began to entertain those ideas and discord and we know that the serpent was anointed of the devil uh and he was trying to find a way to inject himself to the human race because he could see the plan of God right the plan of God was God's attributes would be expressed on the earth as a family Amen. And if that's the way God was going to express himself, where do you think the devil wanted to express himself? He's always been hijacking God's plan. He can't come up with his own plan. So, he tries to hijack God's plan. So, if God was going to manifest himself upon the earth as a family, then now he had to find a way to inject himself into the human race so that he can manifest himself. And the whole battle from the beginning has been over expression. What life will be expressed in these humans? Amen. Come on. That's right. She began to talk to the serpent and get another idea and go another way. And he began to entice her. So she began to have lust. Now lust is not necessarily anything sensual. Lust is any strong desire that you have. I mean you can lust for a piece of cake. Doesn't have to be sexual, right? She began to lust, brother, for knowledge. She didn't know, but she wanted to know. He began to entice her and move her away. Until now, if I could say it this way, she was the branch. Adam was the vine. Amen. and the two together would bear fruit. But she took her branch and connected it to another vine and it brought forth a hybrid fruit. And this is what I'd like to propose to you. She had no right to take Adam's female form and connect it to another vine because she was not her own. She belonged to Adam. She came from Adam. She was a further expression of Adam. Her name was Adam. She had a responsibility to Adam. If that vine would have stayed connected to the right vine would branch would have stayed connected to the right vine, it would have brother Bam said it would have brought forth Christ. And I'm going to make another shocking statement. It may not have been Jesus Christ. It might have been Abel Christ and then Seth Christ and then Ron Christ and then Chad Christ and then Sam Christ and Susie Christ because Christ is the anointed word when it comes into manifestation. And it was going to be the attributes of God as a family upon the earth. All the lineage of Christ. I don't know that for a fact. I'm not teaching that as doctrine. But just think, friends, brother Bam said you would have come forth. That's right. He said, "But you now come wrong. But you come anyhow, although you come wrong, but you should have come right." And what would you have been if you would have come right? You would have been Christ, the manifested word, the attribute of God manifest on the earth, the family of God, Christ. Hallelujah. We came wrong. So now he's making it right. Thank you, Lord. So the woman had no right to take Adam's spirit and Adam's body and join it to another vine. It's why the church had no right to take their branch and connect it to another vine to bring forth a hybrid mongrel product. That's good. Amen. That's right. The same thing's true for you and I, friends. Amen. If we're going to shout and scream that we're the body of Christ and we're Mrs. Jesus Christ and we're the temple that he dwells in and we're a tabernacle of the Holy Ghost and we're built the habitation of God, we have no right to take these bodies and connect it to any other vine. We have a responsibility to one headship, one husband. We're to be faithful to one man and that's our bridegroom. And brother Bam said, "Who's the bridegroom?" The revealed word. This headship that's come down. Amen. That's the only vine that we're to be connected to is this message of this hour. Amen. This bridegroom, the revealed word that's been restored to us. The headship that has come to the body to guide the body. That's our identification. But we have a responsibility to that identification. For we're not our own. We've been bought with a price. Therefore, glorify God in your spirit and in your body, which are gods. Listen, we realize because of hybridization, Brother Bam says you've got a sticky cocker burner nature that'll bother you the rest of your life. And we can say amen. You know, you're three parts of you, but the outer two parts of you are corrupted. And the soul of you came separated from God and had to be regenerated, go through a new birth by the baptism of the Holy Ghost to spring the life that was trapped inside into life. So the only part of you that's connecting to God, amen, is that is God is that seed that's in the soul that's come to life and it's buried beneath these two outer realms and these two outer realms, amen, are so susceptible to the things of the world to pollutions and entertainments because it's got that injected into it. And it got injected into it at the fall. Lust came in, pride came in, rebellion came in. Everything that was in the nature of Lucifer got injected in because he found a way to bring his life into the human race so he could have expression. So the battle is over expression. And where is the greatest battle ever fought? Thoughts. And then but this is what the devil chose to use. But God's watchtower is down in the soul. When the word can drop down into the soul and come to life, then it can take dominion over the battle in the mind. So we only can overcome by the word. That's right. Never by stronger thinking. Because then you're in the devil's watchtower. His control tower is the mine. You can't combat thought with thought. You can only combat thought with word. Amen. Amen. That from the soul. And these outer two realms are so susceptible to the world. Attracted to things that we don't want to be attracted to. Bent towards things that we don't want him to be bent towards. Has lusts and cravings and desires that we don't want it to have. That's right. Why? Because the battleground now is you. Listen, we're not fighting anybody or anything anywhere. You know, if you think you're fighting the denominations, you're already duped. Amen. You're not fighting doctrines or other churches or other people or the world or you know where the battle's at. right here. Do you know who your greatest enemy is? The man you look at in the mirror. Not your neighbor who's throwing junk in your yard or not the coworker who's spreading gossip about you. That's not your enemy. Amen. Your enemy is the man you look at in the mirror. The enemy is these outer two realms. What are we supposed to conquer? We're supposed to conquer this. And we realize there's so many of us. We just can't wait to get to millennium. I want to rule and reign with Christ. Amen. I've been faithful at least. He'll make me ruler over cities. How in the world is he going to make you a ruler over a city or a region if you can't take care of this little lump of dirt that he's given you? He's given you about a 150 200 lbs of dirt out of the ground. And all he's asking you to do is bring this dirt and dominion to his word. And we're failing miserably. We're not ready for the millennial reign to rule cities until we can rule this dirt. Amen. And what do I got to do? I got to bring every thought captive to the obedience of Christ. Amen. And bringing down, Amen. strongholds. We don't fight the warfare with the way the enemy fights in any carnal thing, our thoughts, our self-helps. We fight it with what? The word of God. And bring every thought subject to the obedience of Christ, which is the word. and bring this thing subject to the word so when I tell you your name's Jesus. Amen. You're the bride of Christ. Amen. You're an eagle flying out. Amen. You're taking amen. But don't realize that comes with a responsibility. And God has never taken away our free moral agency. And he lets us fall and bump our nose and we get scratched up and we get banged up so we can learn. Hey, listen. We We're all, Brother Jason said it last night, we're all in this together. We're all getting bruised and battered and banged up, making mistakes, getting ashamed of ourselves, embar embarrassing ourselves. But I say, grace be to God for every bit of it. Make me ashamed of my flesh. Make me ashamed of my thoughts. Make me ashamed of my pride. make me utterly ashamed of arrogance and everything self-p protection, self-preservation. I want to go the way of Christ. Amen. Christ was able to bring this body of his subject completely to the father. He said, "I never do anything unless the father shows me first." He didn't take his own ideas, his own thinking, his own desires. He surrendered them all to the father and the father manifest through him. When when he was in the garden of Gethsemane, brother Brandham said he won back Eden in Gethsemane. How did he win back Eden? Because the Eid's fall came when the other vessel was tempted because of their own desire. And she was drawn away of her own lust. Amen. And she was deceived by her own desire. Amen. and she went for something other than the word, other than the will of God. And that's how Eden was lost. And he said he won back Eden in Gethsemane. How did he win back Eden in Gethsemane? Because brother Brandham said the greatest battle he ever had was in Gethsemane where he sweated in agony as it was great drops of blood. Would he obey the father and go to Calvary or would he stay with his disciples what he wanted to do? Amen. That's right. I think it's so amazing. The prophet told us this that Jesus himself had a desire. He had a love. He loved those brethren. He wanted to stay with them. He's coming in Gethsemane. He you can see his desire saying, "Father, if it's possible, let this cup pass from me." Why is he saying that? He's not just, you know, he's not just dramatizing something to have some extra scriptures. He's in agony and travail. He comes back to his disciples says, "Can you not pray with me one hour? Don't you know I'm dying here? He's so distraught. He's so tormented. He's so human. That's it. Would he go to Calvary? Or would he stay with his disciples and Gethsemane? He's come to a Y on the road." Amen. Would he do, brother said, would he stay with his what he wanted to do? Would he do what he wanted to do or would he do what the word says? We think of Jesus and perfect man, everything perfect, but he was in such distraught that he came three times and asked the same question. Amen. If I said, "Father, if it's possible, let this cup but nevertheless, not my will." What victory did he have in Gethsemane? He had the victory over his own desire and he made a full surrender to the will of the father. And when he won that victory in Gethsemane, he won back Eden. That's right. What do you think God's asking of us? He brings up his bride in Satan's season where you can have anything you want. Click, click, click. My wife, she had to order something the other day. It's gotten so bad when she needs something from the grocery store, she just grab her phone. Boom, boom, boom, boom. Three hours later, something's on the porch. She loves it. Come in Satan's Eden. And in Satan's Eden, when it's come to the pinnacle of Satan's Eden, where he'll give you anything you want, the click of the button at your fingertips, everything you lust after or desire, everything you want, it's all available to you. And he brings a bride in this hour to be tested. That's it. To be tested by self-love, self-preservation, self-will. That's right. Brother said, "This Eve will face the temptation just like the first Eve." And then after the prophet leaves the scene, we're tested with time, time and prosperity and everything you want in Satan's Eden in Leodysia. And the question is, will he have a bride? Amen. That will give up everything she wants for his word. Will he have a bride that says, "Not my will, but thine will be done. I'll dress the way you want. I'll talk the way you want. I'll use these eyes to look at what you want. I'll feed on what you want. Every hey, whatever you want, that's what you're going to get because I'm not my own. I've been bought with a price by the precious blood of Jesus Christ. You own all of me and you have every right to me. And I have ne I have no right to take what your precious blood purchased and use it for anything of the devil. I surrender myself to you. Thank you, Lord. Brother Bear makes this statement in the end time evangelism. He said, "Look at Samson. God could only use what you surrendered to him." Samson was a big strong man. He had a lot of strength. Samson surrendered his strength to God, but he wouldn't give his heart. Gave his heart to Delilah. God's a gentleman. He won't pry out of your hands anything. He gives you the opportunity to lay it down. Amen. Little compromises, things that aren't pleasing, ways of thinking, self-preservation, self love pride and jealousy and envy. Amen. Lust of the eyes, lust of the flesh, pride of life. He doesn't pry it out of our hands. He didn't pry it out of Jesus's hand. He gave him the chance to wrestle himself into subjection. And God in this end time is giving us the opportunity to wrestle ourselves into subjection. Amen. Amen. How many of us love him enough? Say, God, I want to love you enough that you get all of me. If you want a body to work through, I want to give it to you more than Sunday and Wednesday. If you need a vessel of clay to manifest yourself in, I want you to have more than 15 minutes a day. I want you to have my thoughts, my eyes, my ears. I want you to have everything of me. Amen. If this is the word and this is the hour and I'm part of the manifestation, I say be it unto me according to your word. Come rejection, misunderstanding, loss of life, loss of everything I ever wanted, my goals and my ambitions, I give it up for you. But Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He says, "Oh, if we can get prisoners like that, how was Paul a prisoner?" What chains bound Paul? It was love chains. What was wrapped around him that held him to Christ no matter what? Stoned, rejected, hated of his brethren, falsely accused men in the church, other ministers saying things about him, stealing his disciples, going around and corrupting his churches. Amen. What held him to Christ? His chains of love. Oh, if God can get him prisoners like that, now that's when he can express the preeminences. You see, he's got the man or the person so that he knows nothing but Christ. You get what I mean? That's secondly, first express himself completely God in Christ. Second, to have the preeminence by this in his church, which is his body, the bride, till he could have the preeminence to express himself through them. I say, "God, that's what I want." In the beginning, he had one plan, one goal, one secret in his mind that he wanted to achieve. One thing that he's been working through these last 6,000 years that he's trying to achieve. And that one thing has three parts to it. The first part is preeminence in a man. He's already completed that. But the second part of that is preeminence in a people. So that means this. If I could just sum it up with this. All that God thought and all that he wanted, the thoughts he had of himself, his desire for expression and everything God wanted to accomplish comes down to one thing. Amen. Him getting preeminence of me. That's right. That's right. That's right. Because we're in the second fold of the three-fold plan of God. And if he doesn't get preeminence of me, then he can't complete the second fold. And he's not going to pry it out of my hands or force anything. He's waiting for my surrender. I'm going to finish, I think, with this quote. No, I'm sorry, two more. Amen. And humble thyself. He says, you know, people want power. And really, they don't know what power is. They don't really know what goes with it. The way up is down always. If you want power, see how humble you can get. Just get away from your all your worldly thinking and humble yourself before God. Then you've got more power than the man that runs all over the building and makes a big lot of noise because you have been able to conquer yourself and commit yourself to Christ. You see, to humble yourself before him, that's real power. So what if we got power to do all kinds of other things, but we can't conquer this thing. Amen. Yeah. You said, "You show me the church that's humble, real humble, not arrogancy. A church just a sweet, humble church, I'll show you a church that has favor and power of God in it." That's right. That That's the thing. It takes humility, humbling ourselves before God. Letting God just work through us. Don't have to make a lot of noise. In the message, Christ is the mystery of God revealed. This is this is the the quote that gives me the most consolation in the whole world. Cuz friends, I fail all the time. Amen. That's right. He said, "Denominations won't ever touch that. It's a revelation. She knows it. So did Eve know it, but she fell. But this one knows it and won't fall." She is ordained. Hallelujah. Woo. She is ordained not to fall. She won't fail. She's predestinated to it. Why? Because he's washed her with the water of the word so that he can present to himself a bride without spot or wrinkle or blemish. What does he need? He needs our surrender. He needs our emptying out. Brother Bam said, "You don't pack up for this journey. You empty out." He said the problem is we get too strong. It's not being too strong. It's getting humble and weak and being a vessel that he can use. No mind of our own, no ambition of our own, no desire of our own. But let all our desire be him and him only. And we failed a thousand times. We may fail a thousand times more. But praise God, this generation is not going to end until he accomplishes his purpose because she's predestinated to it. She won't fail. She can't fail. Can you fail? I fail. Will you fail? We can fail. He can't fail. and his word can't fail. So we may bump our nose a thousand times more, but that's just training us to someday not bump our nose in the same spot. We may stub our toe over and over again, but eventually we're going to walk around that thing we've stubbed our toe. Yes, sir. We may have church problems and family problems and personal issues, but praise God, there's coming a day and we're going to eventually surrender to this word and stop bumping our toe, falling on our face. We're just going to surrender. Say, God, not my way, but your way. God bless you. Let's bow our heads together. Dear Lord Jesus, we're so thankful, Father, while we realize what you've done for us is beyond belief, Lord. It's beyond human belief. It's beyond human concepts or intellects. But God, there's something in our soul that knows it's true. Amen. You've called us to this hour that we're part of your plan. We're part of your body. It's your life in us. Father, you're asking us to surrender. God, this position that you've placed us in comes with responsibility. Forgive us Lord for sherking the responsibility. Forgive us Lord for not being diligent. Forgive us where we've failed and become laxed and lazy, selfserving and prideful. Forgive us, Lord. God, we realize you don't need our ability cuz we have none. You don't need our efforts. You don't need our mind, our think. You just need us to surrender to you. You need a place where your word can grow. Where your image can be manifested, a place, Lord, that you can sew your seed of your word into. And a garden that will bring forth abundant fruit to you. Lord, your bride is a fruitful garden that you have planted with all the seeds of your word. Lord, in the Song of Solomon, the bride said, "Come into your garden. Come into your garden, God. We want to invite you to come into your garden. Come into the garden of our hearts and our lives. Sew your seeds, Lord, and let them bring forth bountibly to you. May you enjoy your garden and may you be glorified in it, Lord. God, we don't want to have our way. We want to have your way. Help us, God, to take the responsibility and surrender ourselves to you. Yes, we love you. We thank you, God, for this day and for your people. Lord, bless us and help us as we surrender to you fresh again. as we consecrate ourselves to you all over again, Lord, so that you can come and do what we're not capable of doing. So you can come and live your life through us. We surrender to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. And God bless you all. Amen. [Applause] [Music] All I can say is yay and amen. That was good stuff. Did you see yourself? Do you see the prophecy of this hour? Do you see why God's calling you? Yes. Do you see? It's just about you surrendering. Amen. Listen, th those that are going to help serve and go prepare the food. You're dismissed right now. If you would just go ahead and go to to help. We're going to have a meal here in just a minute. I want to say that that word that was has been spoken both by brother Jason and brother Chad. Wow. That's good stuff. That's strong meat. I tell you what it was. It was prime rib. You got that. It's prime rib. It come right right out of the sight of God. Amen. Let's all stand together, please. Be it unto me according to thy word. Brother Greg, if you'll help us start that. done to me according to thy word, according to thy promises. I can stand secure on my heart. The truth set you free according to the word. Read it unto me. Read it unto me according to thy word, according to thy promises. I can sense secure and carve upon my heart the truth that sets me free according to thy word. Oh Lord, be it unto me, Lord. Be it unto me according to thy word, according to thy promises, I can stand secure. Carve upon my heart the truth that sets me free. according to thy word, oh Lord, unto me. Sing it again. Oh, unto me according to thy word, according to thy promises. I can sense secure and carve upon my heart the truth that sets me free according to thy word. Oh Lord, read it unto me. I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say yes. You [Music] will. I'll say [Music] it. I will go. Oh, I'll say yes. I'll say yes. Amen. Amen. We'll sing that again, but just real quick, we want to um we're going to dismiss in a couple different groups. Um first we just ask if um the ministers both visiting uh and and local as along with their wives if you would be dismissed. Amen. And then we'll I guess they've got up up for us next. But um Amen. If the visitor or the visiting ministers and local ministers and their wives families if they would make their way. Amen. Let's sing that again. Oh, I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say yes to your will. I'll stay where you need me. I will go. I'll say [Music] yes. I'll say it one more time. I'll say yes. Oh, I'll say yes. Oh, I'll say yes. [Music] to your [Music] will. I'll say where you will go. I'll say it. I'll say it. Amen. Brother Ezra Paige, if you could come just say a dismissal prayer for us. And if you would just bless the food. Amen. We'll start the next next process for our dismissal here. But God bless you, brother Ezar. Thank you. Let's just pray. Gracious Father, Lord, what a opportunity, Lord, to hear the word of God preached to us, Lord, that we are an attribute of you, Father. And as attribute to attribute, Father, we say, Lord, be it unto me according to thy word, oh God. Lord, and as we go this afternoon and take a natural meal, Father, we ask you bless it. Bless the hands that prepared at thee, everybody. The effort that was put forth. Lord, we bless the food. Bless our afternoon. Lord, give us strength in our bodies to return this evening at 6:00 to hear the word of God preached by brother Jason. We ask all these favors. In your precious name we pray. Amen. Amen. Not sure the key, but uh the song Who I am, Lord, who I am. I can see now who I am. Amen. And if our our visitors as well as uh anyone 60 and up, if you would, you're dismissed. You can start making your way to the back. Just be out these doors and out behind us back here. Amen. Oh, glorious mystery. He set free and made my heart his very throne. My life is no longer mine. I'm a river of love divine. And now I live. Praise his name. Oh, who I am, Lord. Oh, who I am. I can see now who I am. A part of my savior, a part of his word is the revelation of who I am. On he died to redeem his lost right. The king of kings. He's became my savior. History of love expressed to me that Christ and I might be made one. Oh, for who I am, Lord. who I [Applause] am. Oh, I can see now who I [Music] am. A part of my savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. Oh, who I am, Lord. Oh, who I [Music] am. I can see now who I am. Oh, a part of my savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation. It's [Music] predestination of who I am. Amen. Any parents with small children, uh, as well as as well as couples, if you'd be dismissed now. Amen. Let's sing that song as they're going on going up yonder. Amen. I keep seeing if anybody ask you where I'm going where I'm going someday soon. If you want to know where I'm going where I'm going someday soon. Oh, I'm going up beyond. I'm going up beyond. Oh, I'm going up beyond to be with my Lord. Oh, I'm going up yonder. I'm going up beyond. I'm going up beyond to be with my Lord. And I can take the [Music] pain, the heartaches it bring. Comfort in knowing I'll soon be gone. Cuz God gives me grace. I'll run this race until I see my Savior face to face. Oh, I'm going up yonder. I'm going up beyond. [Applause] Going up beyond to be with my Lord. Oh, I'm going up beyond. I'm going up beyond. I'm going up beyond to be with my Lord. Hey man, you're dismissing it as you go. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
