################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - Pastor H. Simmons Vessel of Honor” - H Simmons.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-08
Title:    Pastor H. Simmons: "Vessel of Honor”
Speaker:  H Simmons
Church:   Bride Tabernacle of Columbia SC
Type:     Sunday School
Duration: 1h 36m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ISgkk_fEXo
========================================

Description:
Join us in person for:
Bible Study Tuesday @ 7-8pm
Sunday School Sunday 9:30 am

Virtual & In Person:
Friday @ 7:30pm
Sunday @ 10:30am
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. [Music] God still [Music] moves. God still moves. Amen. In the heart of his people, God still moves. He does not sleep. Amen. Nor does he slumber. God still moves. God still moves. Amen. God still moves. Amen. God still moves. Amen. In the hearts of his people, God still moves. He does not sleep. Amen. Nor does he slumber. God still move. God still move. God still move. God still move. God still move. In the heart of his people, God still he does not sleep. Amen. Nor does he smile. God still God still does not sleep. He does not see nor does he [Music] go. God still does not speak. He does not. Thank you, Lord. Lord does he slumber. God still [Music] move. God still move. Amen. We ask brother Joe open with a word. Let's bow. Lord God, we thank you for for still moving in the hearts of your people. Lord, we pray that your blessed services is here. Lord, bless brother Gordon, brother Caleb, and brother Joshua as they lead us in the worship sister Kesha as well. And Lord, this let us worship you in spirit and in truth. Grant those who are listening in, those who are traveling on the way to service. And Lord, let us worship you in spirit and in truth. Anoint brother Simmons once again, Lord, from the head of his from the crown of his head to the sole of his feet to bring forth the word of life. Grant all of these blessings, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. We thank you for all things. Let the church say, "Amen." Amen. I trust in God my savior. The Lord Jesus Christ is my savior who will never he never fail me. Jesus never fails. Never fails. I trust in God. I I trust in God. My savior. My savior. One who never who never fails. Jesus never fails. Jesus never fails. I trust in God. I trust in God. Oh my word never he will never say I I trust in God for Jesus. I trust you for the one Jesus never fail. Jesus never I trust I trust in God never he will never I That's why I trust him. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust Jesus. I saw the Lord. Jesus is my Lord. I saw the Lord. And he I saw I sought the Lord and heard. That's why I trust that's why I trust. I s the Lord and heard me. I sus. That's why I trust you. That's why I trust you. Say right again. That's why I trust you. That's why I trust you. That's why I trust you. That's why I trust you. That's why I trust you. That's why I trust you. That's why I trust you, Lord. My will never never Jesus never. Come on now. I thought I sought the Lord. Thank the Lord for my friend. Amen. That's why I trust you. That's why I trust you. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's why I trust him. Amen. Praise the Lord. This is the day. Thank the Lord. This is the day. I thank the Lord. Thank God that the Lord all power in his hand. I will rejoice. I will rejoice and be glad. I'm glad in Jesus. Oh, this is the day that they thank God. I will rejoice and be glad. This is the day. Thank God. This is the day that the Lord. This is the day. Amen. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice. I will rejoice and be glad and be glad. Oh, this is the day that the Lord I will rejoice and be glad. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord One more time. This is the day. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has me that the Lord. I will rejoice. I will rejoice and be glad and be glad. This is the day that the Lord made. I will rejoice and be glad. This is the day. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord I will enter his gate. I will get you in my heart. Jesus. Jesus made me glad. Jesus made me glad. Amen. He made me glad. He has made me glad. Jesus made me glad. He has made me glad. He made me glad. I will rejoice for me. I will rejoice. I will rejoice for you. I will rejoice for you at [Music] Amen. We going to call on the Tate sisters. Help us out this morning. Amen. I know they surprised. They ain't prepared nothing, but praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Somebody out there, two or three are gathered in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] Lord, you are good. You've been so good. Lord, you are good. You've been better than good. I can't praise you enough. I owe you my life. Can't praise you enough. Even if I tried. Cuz you've been so good. You've been so good. You been so good to me. Lord, you are good. You've been so good. Lord, you are good. You've been better than good. I can't praise you enough. I owe you my life. Embrace you know even if [Music] I Lord you are You are you better than I Yeah. Heat. [Applause] So many doors you've opened. So many ways you made. So many times you heal me. You've been living good to me. So many doors you open. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hey. Amen. Lord been good in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] It's hard to take the first step when I don't know the way. Each turn is so uncertain. I learn to walk by faith. But you gave me this promise that you would never [Laughter] leave. You will lead and guide me. Oh Lord, I do believe. Lead me alone. I will follow. Lead me Lord. I will go. And you have called me. I will. Lead me Lord. I will go. Your plans for me are perfect. I never need to fear. For though at times I feel alone, I know that you are near. My heart just wants to follow. I'm willing to obey. Take my hand and lead me. I'll follow the way. Lead me, Lord. I will follow. Lead me. I will go. And you have called me and I will answer. Lead me Lord. I will go. And you have called me and I will answer. Yes. Lord, lead me. Lord, I will go. [Music] Praise the Lord. Lead me, Lord. I'll go. He'll lead, but will we follow? Amen. Amen. Lead me. Guide me along. Along the way, forth. You lead me, Jesus. Lord, more if you leave me, I will not stay. Lord, let me walk. Amen. Lord, let me walk. Let me walk each day. Stay with thee. Jesus foreign. Oh Lord. Amen. I'm weak and I need thy strength and power. Amen. I am weak. I am weak and I need I need Jesus. Strength, strength and power. Help me over my weakest truth. Help me over my weakness my weakest hour. Amen. Help me through the darkness to see. Oh, lead me. Oh, Lord Jesus, lead me. Amen. Lead me, guide me. Amen. Oh, lead me. Guide me. Oh, let me walk. Let me walk. Let me walk this day. Leave me, Lord. Lead me. Leave me. Leave me. Leave me. Leave me Lord. Leave me Lord. Leave me Lord. Leave me. Leave me. Oh Jesus. Lord. Leave me Lord. Leave me. Oh Lord. Amen. We have the announcements at this time. Amen. [Music] Praise the Lord everybody. Praise the Lord. Lead me, guide me. Amen. [Music] Like to welcome everybody to Bride Tabernacle this morning. Our brother, pastor, our brother Perry will have his annual revival at Swansea High School, June the 27th through the 29th. Guest minister will be brother Ron Peterson. And our annual temp revival will be the August the 28th through the 31st. Guest speakers Isaiah Brooks, Pastor Jean Williams, and Pastor Jimmy Nasha. Sister's retreat will be the September the 25th through the 28th. That's at the church in New York City. Speakers will be Isaiah Brooks again and Pastor Keith Reed. And on the prayer request, Wanda Gilead, Isetta Anderson, Adam Leette, Freddy Davis, Felicia Sawyer, and Napoleon Ramsay. Like for everybody to enjoy the remainder of the service. Amen. Amen. Yes, brother Fred. Ask brother Fred lead us in prayer. Bless the tithes and offerings. And the Lord, we we thank you for allowing us to assemble ourselves together. And Lord, as we was in Sunday school this morning is saying that we are the children of God because God is our kinsman redeemer. He was redeeming us from the sin nature into the spirit of God. Lord, I ask you Lord that you let your spirit lead us to a perfect way in you Lord. And oh God, we realize Lord that you said when you was on the cross, it was finished. You gave us our healing. You gave us our redemption. You gave us our joy. You gave us our peace. You gave us our love. Oh God, help us Lord to reach out and grab it and take it. It said if you believe it, we can receive it. Lord, we love you, Lord. We ask you, Lord, you to bless the remainder of the song service, Lord. Let your word come in power and demonstration. Lord, most most of all, Lord, demonstrate your word to us today, Lord. We ask these things in the name of Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior. Amen. Amen. [Music] Praise the Lord. We had Sister Lois come on up and give us a jubilee. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] Praise the Lord everybody. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord everybody. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord everybody. Praise the Lord. Everybody praise the Lord. Praise the Lord everybody. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord everybody. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord everybody. Praise the Lord. Baby praise you. You are great. You are You are great. You are great. You are great. You are great. You are great. You are. You are great. You are great. You are great. You are great. You are great. You are great. You are great. Everybody you are You are great. You are great. Oh, everybody. Everybody. [Music] [Applause] We thank the Lord for everyone. Morning. Press your way out this morning. You may seated for a moment. We you honor the Lord and God is good. His mercy endures forever. Amen. The truth endureth through all generations. David said, "I was glad. I was happy when he said unto me, let us go into the house of the Lord." Thank God for patience. I forgot. Glad to see y'all this morning. Amen. Hey, brother in the back. Thank God for you. Amen. With Fred Junior, thank God for you. All of the visitors, we just thank God for being here. One more time. Thank God for Sister Angelica to give us a little song. I know in her desperation, we're going to put her on the spot. I know it's good to be in the house of the Lord. You know, I was just missing her. Just missing him. Amen. But God is good. Amen. [Music] God bless y'all. I will say the devil spit me this morning to get here. I woke up so sick. Oh, but I just thank God when I was trying to get a roll and the rain started and I was like, "No, I'm coming. I'm going to press my way." So, I just thank God for allowing me to get here this morning safe and soundly. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] I don't know. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Because of who you are, I give you praise. Yes. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. And Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Because of who you are, I give you praise. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, "Lord, I worship you because of who you are." And Lord I worship you because of who you are. You're my Jehovah and Lord you reign in victory. You're my prince of peace. And Lord, I worship you because of who you are. And Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Jehovah. I might hold the but you'll be my provider. your way. You my prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are. And Lord, I worship you because of who you are. And Lord, I worship you because of who you are. [Music] [Music] Amen. We ask Josh to give us a solo [Music] song. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat up here. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Thank you Lord for Let us just stand for the reading of the word. We again we appreciate everyone. Praise God. [Music] um Jeremiah 18th chapter. Let us just bow for a moment. Father, we thank you this morning for each and everyone that pressed their way, Lord. And Lord, we pray for those that on the prayer list, Lord, and our brother Napoleon and uh Ramsay and um Sister Idm Leant, Lord, and different ones are struggling with battles of sickness and infirmities, the different bereaveved families, Lord. And pray for those that are traveling on the highway, God, that you would give them safe journey back here, Lord. And Father, we just pray that you bless your word this morning. And Lord, that we can move flesh and self out of the way. Lord, you forgive any sin, anything that would hinder, Lord, your word for having the preeminence now. Lord, may you bless your service thus far and thank you for doing it. Thank you for those musicians and song leader and thank you for all that you've done so thus far in Jesus name. Amen. Um Jeremiah 18 1-12. I read the first verse, you'll read the next and we'll read the 12th together. Jeremiah 18. the word which came to Jeremiah from the Lord, saying to Arise and go down to the potter's house, and there I will cause thee to hear my words. Then I went down to the potter's house, and behold, he wrote a word on the wheel. For And the vessel that he made of clay was maress to make it. Then the word of the Lord came to me saying six, "Oh house of Israel, can I do with you as this potter? Sayith the Lord, behold, as the clay is in the potter's hand, so are ye in my hand, oh house of Israel." At what instance I shall speak concerning a nation and concerning a kingdom to pluck up, to pull down, and to destroy. Eight. If that nation against I have pronounced, turn from their evil. I will repent of the evil that I thought to do unto them. And at that and at what instance I shall speak concerning a nation and concerning a kingdom to build and to plan it. 10 if they do evil in my sight that I not my voice then I will repent of the good where I say I will benefit them. Now therefore, go to speak to the men of Judah and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Thus said the Lord, behold, I frame evil against you, and devise a device against you. Return ye now everyone from his evil way, and make your way and your doings good together. And they said there is no hope but we will walk after our own devices and we will everyone do the imagination of his evil heart. May God bless you read his word. You may be seated. We want to talk let's go to Romans 9. Want to talk about a vessel of honor. A vessel of honor. you know, in talking about a vessel, uh, we we understand that I remember back in high school, we were taking clay and we were making vessels and we put them in the oven and baked them and all. And we made vessels and little bowls or dishes or whatever. And um you know I guess mine I don't know how it came out back then. I wasn't so artistic you know I so good at those things but nevertheless it was an experience and you you shaped it and you mold it and then you you baked it. Amen. And sometimes it takes the heat to harden it and make it that real vessel. Other than that, it's just clay. But when it goes through the fire and it comes out, you know, a nice a nice vessel to drink or to eat out or whatever. So, we thank God for that. uh Romans 9 and14 it says what what should we say then is there unrighteousness with God forbid you know up above let me just try to give you a a a better picture of this let's just go to the eth verse um he's talking about Abraham and his seed and Isaac and thy seed call then he says that that is they which are the children of the flesh, these are not the children of God, but the children of the promise are counted for the seed. For this is the word of promise. At this time will I come and Sarah shall have a son. And not only this, but when Rebecca also had conceived by one, even by our father Isaac, for the children being not yet what? Born, neither have done any good or evil, that the purpose of God according to what? Election. Election might stand, not of works, but of him that what? Call it. Call it. It's not what you do. Amen. It's because he called you. It was said unto her, the elders shall what? Serve the younger. Serve this younger. They didn't have nothing to do with it. God had something to do with it. As it is written, Jacob have I what? Love. Love. But Esau have I what? Hated. Hated. Amen. God knows the end from the beginning. Right. Amen. Because God's full knowledge, because he knows all things, he knew what each and every one of us was going to do before we had ever done it. Amen. He knew every how many has was going to be on our head, which one is going to be black, which one is going to be white. God knows everything. Amen. So because he knows all things, he know, amen, what what you're going to be before you even Oh, somebody says, "Well, I want to be a lawyer. I want to be a doctor. I want to be nourished. I want to be this. God already knew that. Amen. And we just come sometime we come into God's purpose for our lives. See, cuz sometimes we have purpose for our life, but God might have another purpose. Amen. And if God has a purpose for your life, then God will bring you into your purpose. But it's good that you identify with the purpose that God Amen. what he made you for. And then you can flow with ease. Amen. Then his yoke is easy and his burden is light. Amen. Amen. But the way of a transgressor, he says what? Hard. Amen. So God wants to bring you into his purpose. Amen. So let me pick back up. I didn't have my hand on it. 14. For what shall we say then? Is there unrighteousness with God? God forbid. For he said to Moses, I would have what? Mercy. I would have mercy on whom I would have mercy. And I will have compassion on whom I will have what? Compassion. So then is not him that what? Will it? Will it nor him that runth, but what? God that shows mercy. And brothers and sisters, it's because of the mercy of God we're here. Yes. Without his mercy, we wouldn't even be sitting here this morning. Wouldn't be able to hear his voice. But because of his mercy, we're here. Amen. Jesus. For the scripture says unto Pharaoh, even for this purpose have I raised thee up, that I might show my what? Power. Power in thee, and that my name might be declared throughout all the earth. Therefore has he mercy on whom he will have mercy and on and whom he will he harden. Amen. Ain't that right? Amen. Thou will say then unto me, why do he yet find fault? For who has resisted the what? His will. His will. Amen. But nay, oh man, you know, he he he says, "Who art thou that replies against what?" God. Shall the things formed, sayeth to him that formed it, why hast thou made me thus? Has not the what? Father to make the same vessel to a lump to make one vessel unto honor and another to what? And we're talking this morning about a vessel of honor. And that's what uh that's what you are. Vessels of honor. Amen. But if we don't want to receive it that I'm speaking uh to you and declaring that you are vessels of honor but to whom can accept it and received it then if you don't want to receive it then that must he must not be talking about you but if you can receive it God is saying you are a vessel of honor. Amen. Okay, it says in the 22nd verse, what if God willing to show his wrath and to make his power known endure with much long suffering the vessels of wrath fitted for what? Destruction. Destruction. See, Judas was the son of predition. Esau despised his birthright, you know, and it's it's just something about the nature. God knew. See, God could he can write your name and put it on the Lamb book of life before the foundation of the world because he knew Yes. what you would go through and he knew that you would obey him. Amen. He knew that you would take heed to the word. God already knew all those things. Yes. He He didn't have to rethink I I put your name here, you know. He knew he could put your name on the Lamb book of life and he knew he could trust you. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. The Bible says, "No, you're not. It God has made us and not we ourselves." Amen. I I think sometimes people think they made themselves. It is he that has made us and not we ourselves. Amen. Amen. Now maybe I got to close somewhere. I think I stop there. I mean stop reading. Sometimes I stop in the middle of a sermon. That's why everybody say, "Oh, you going to stop?" Yeah. But uh Vis of Esavana. Now I was just reading something the prophet was saying and and it caused me to uh uh uh mold it. Mold me and make me. I think we ought to have that kind of mindset. Mold me and make me after thy will. Yes. M and make me after thy will. Amen. Because I don't want him to I don't want to try to put myself in control of God's will. And I think that's the the the the norm thing is most people think this is what I believe. I want to give my opinion. Let me give you my opinion. Let me tell you what I believe. You know, when you're talking to God like that, you go to work and you're on a job and the supervisor say, "I'd like for you to do uh sew and sewing and whatever." And you said, "Well, let me give you my opinion about it. Now, you want me to do this and that, but let me tell you, I I I got something else in my mind. the date. Do you address the supervisor on the job or the teacher, you know, who's instructing and do you challenge their instruction or do you just follow the instruction and the guidance of those that have the that that are in authority? You know what I'm saying? You know, I had opportunity. I was coming from I think Michigan or somewhere. I was going down the highway and my the car that I had, it wasn't an old car, but one thing I knew about that Chrysler, if he went it went over 55, it start shaking. I said that was a bad car. I was glad to get rid of it. But I was coming through I think Knoxville and cars was flying by me and the cop pulled me over. He said, "You was going 70 or something." I said, "Not in this car." I knew better. I I seen but the car was in front of me was you know flying but he pulled me over and tell me what I was doing. But you think I I'm knock you know I ain't got no complaints. Okay. You say I'm going 70 I knew better because of the car. It would it was start shaking and I said okay. And I knew I I wasn't speeding, but I couldn't question because he he was the one in authority. So even though he was wrong, you think I'm going stand out there in Knoxville and argue with man that I was in the right and he was in the wrong. No. You know, but you know, some people have the mindset that I can tell God better cuz I I got a better way of thinking and that's not the way that's not the way I feel about it. You know, I can see him now arguing with the man, he'll pull you over and you go there fussing and arguing. You know where you going? You're going to jail. You're going to jail. You in right, but you're going to jail. And when you go through the process, most most of the time you're going to lose anyway. So it's better just what? Just just take it easy and and trust God to work it out for you. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. So sometimes in life, Amen. you can be right, but you have to take it and be wrong. Are you with me? Amen. See, sometimes what people say about you, what people think about you and different terminologies, you just have to know that you're right. But don't make a big issue of it. Amen. Don't fuss about it. Just go on do what you're supposed to do and just sit and thank the Lord. But you know where you stand with God. Amen. You know all is well with God. Amen. And but if you start making issue of it, it's only going to make things what? He's just blowing the matter up and making things worse. But it's better, amen, to be right with God and say, "Father, it's in your hand." Amen. Amen. And that's where your blessings come. When men say persecute you, speak all manner of evil against you falsely. Amen. Take your blessings. But you don't know how to receive blessings. Sometimes we'll take matters in our own way. Okay. I'm going to show you something. I will show them something, you know. Now, don't try to show that you that you you know, and as we said in Sunday school, what the devil tries to do is to pull you from behind the veil of the word, the fortification. You're fortified as long as you stay behind the word. That's right. That's right. The devil throw all kind of little arrows and all kind of things in your head and in your mind, but the main emphasis, he trying to get you to come from out from behind the word. He wants you to get in the flesh. Amen. Instead of loving your brother and Amen, he he wants you to start having a little funny feeling and a little issue with your brother. He wants you, you know, I got a little issue with the pastor. I got a little issue with this one. Got a little issue with that one. Next thing you know, you got issues with everybody but yourself. Are you with me? Amen. But the main individual, you need self-control. You need temperance. Amen. Amen. And God is trying to work that in you. Amen. You may be in the right, but God is trying to work temperance. He's trying to give you some patience. Amen. Tribulation work patience. You got to go through some. Oh, I forgot patience. But I didn't mean that. But but tribulation work is patience. Amen. You have to go through some things, you know. A a and sometimes we don't want to re receive where God is taking us and what God is doing for us in our lives. We can't receive it because, Amen. we don't understand the mind of God. Yes. And we don't know the will of God for our lives. But God is molding us and he's making us. Amen. He's trying to give us genuine faith. Amen. Genuine faith, you know, it's not your own faith. That's right. Amen. Genuine faith is not your own faith, but it's his faith. I said the just shall live by his faith. Amen. Not yours. His genuine faith. something that uh you don't control but he controls it. Yes. G. Are you with me? Amen. You don't control it but he controls it. So that's the faith that you want to have when you sometimes I I want to stay in control. God don't want you to be in control. He wants to be in control. Amen. God wants to be in control of you. Amen. Not you in control of God. Amen. You don't dictate to the Holy Ghost, the Holy Spirit, you know how you know your walk. Amen. He leads, you follow. Are you with me? So, it's very important that we hone in and we adjust to God's will for our lives and and stop trying to do it on our own. Let's let's just look at this Isaiah uh 58. I thought on that and it it's so much Isaiah 58 and 8. I was just thinking I you know sometimes there scriptures that go through my mind. Excuse me. I'm at a 55 and8. You know, I was I was studying in and I was trying to find the scripture and uh and I can hear that little voice says 55 and 8. And I said, "58?" Okay. Cuz you know, you used to you're younger, you you you focus on your memory. When you get older, you say, "Lord, now where is that at?" And he just says, "58." I said, "Thank you, Lord." You know, cuz I was looking and, you know, scrambling. I'm going here going. I said, "Well, let me just see." So, I took a minute and Lord, where's that at? And I heard the little voice 55 and 8. I said, "Thank you." You know what I'm saying? And and and is the more you can yield to God, the more God can use you to make more God can speak to you, more God can lead you. But you got to yield. He's there all the time. But you just got to ask. Sometimes we we depend on our own ability. We got to depend on his ability. Amen. We just got to ask him, Lord. You know where is that scripture at? Okay. 55 and 8. It says for he says for my thoughts. Let let me go to seventh verse. He says, "Let the wicked forsake his what? Amen. And the unrighteous man his thoughts. Amen. And let him return to the Lord. And I will have what? Mercy. I would to have mercy upon him and to our God for he will abundantly what? All right. You know, sometimes you have people they they're faithful coming to church, but when they when they get when they get to a place that they have disagreement, they don't try to work it out. Sometimes they don't disagree directly with uh with the God, but they disagree with his word. They said, "Well, you know, I have my own opinion about that. I have my own thoughts on that. I believe a little different than what you were saying. So my interpretation my interpretation I said okay see we think that we got a right to interpret God's word according to our own feeling our own opinion but the Bible says no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation this ain't a private thing are you with So when it comes down to the word of God, Amen. what he says, you got to take it just just like he said it. Amen. Amen. No opinion. And see, can you you know if you if you're in authority or supervisor position and and and people, you know, you tell individual, I want you to do it this way, and they say, well, I got a better way of doing it. And they do it their way. and you come back and tell him, "I I told you to do it this way. I got a better way." Okay, you take my place. You be the supervisor. Let me be the father. You know what I'm saying? And that's the way people handle God. You find that the people have the attitude in the church and attitude with the word. You find they got that same attitude in life. They take it on their job, they take it in school or wherever they are, they still got an attitude. You think, "Oh, they only do the pastor like that, only do the ministry like that, only do you know the word like." No, that's the that's their life attitude. And you find that person might be from job to job, situation to situation, church to church and all of that because why? They think everybody else is wrong in their life. You know, the Bible says he thinkketh in his heart, so is he. Amen. Amen. It's got to be some type of acquiring down and seeking. You know, one time I I looked and I was seeking for truth, seeking for direction and guidance. But when I found it, that was no more. I I wasn't seeking no more. You know what I'm saying? It's all over. I I mean, I found just what I was looking for. Thank God, brother. You're seeking for a wife, patient, desirable. I got one. Congratulations. Amen. Thank the Lord. And that's all right. And that's good. Ain't that right? But when you find, you know, that which you're seeking for, it gives you, you know, you know, purpose. It settle you down. So when you look for truth and you're searching for truth and you find the truth. Jesus said, "I'm the way, the truth, and the life." Amen. It's no church is the truth. Amen. Amen. No preacher is the truth, but Jesus Christ is the way, the truth, and the life. Find Jesus, and you'll settle. Amen. Praise God. Find the one. Don't fall in love with the church. Don't fall in love with the preacher, but fall in love with Jesus. For he is the word. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. Amen. It's very important that you fall in love with the word of God, not see because you you'll be in and out and You be puzzled, confused, because you're looking for something that's going to satisfy you. But Lord, I I'm not looking for something that's going but it's a thirst. It's a hunger. It's a thirst. It's a deep calling to the deep. It's a thirst in my life that I I know it can be quenched. But when I get to that water of life, Amen. The woman that the well, she didn't thirst no more. Amen. Amen. When you get Jesus, Amen. Praise God. He'll quench your thirst. Amen. It'll be all over with. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hey, God. I got to that place. Something has happened. Amen. Hallelujah. I have an absolute now. Amen. I have a top post now. I can Amen. I can trust. Amen. I'm not seeking no more. I found. Amen. That's what my heart longest for. Amen. And it was Jesus Christ. Amen. It wasn't in the nightclub and it wasn't in the ball game. It wasn't here and there, but it's in Jesus. I find a resting place. Amen. I find the peace that I needed, the joy that I everything I needed was in him. Hallelujah. I didn't all all together find it. He He found me. Jesus. Okay. And the Bible says when we find him, he would abundantly pardon. Amen. For he says, "For my thoughts are not your what?" "And neither are your ways." What? My ways, said the Lord. That's not the way I believe it. Some arrogant people. I don't know what I ever ever thought like that. If I did, God forgive me. I wasn't so such of a confident, you know, somebody with all that confident. I was always a little slow, you know. I wasn't all that about all of that confident thinking you this and that. Maybe in sports. Yeah. You know, in sports, I thought I was the fastest. Thought I was this and that. So I, you know, some of us got some areas that we feel confident in, you know, but when it comes down to intelligence and, you know, so smart and all that. No, I didn't have no confidence there, you know. I never thought I was intelligent. Never thought I was so smart. So So I I didn't have trouble with, you know, listening and following the instruction because I didn't think I was all of this and all of that. But you know, but some folks are arrogant because they know they're intelligent, they know they're smart, they know they this and that. But not me. I was say I wasn't about that. So, but those type people is hard because they they they're very opinionated. They they trust in their own intelligence. They always trying to reason and figure things out. But when you come to God, you got to take him by what? Faith. Faith. When it come down to God, you got to have faith in what he says. So it takes faith just to trust God and believe God and just walk by faith. You don't see it. You don't understand it. But one thing about it, it's the word of God and I believe it. Amen. It's God's word. I'm I'm following God by faith. Amen. And if I follow him by faith, I'll see. Amen. Amen. But if I try to see before I believe, Amen. And he said, "Blessed is him that have not seen, but yet what?" Believe. So, amen. We trust in God. He that cometh to God must first of all believe that he is and that he's a reweller. He He's a rewarder of them that what? Diligent. Seek him. Amen. You got to seek him. Amen. If you seek him, he you'll be found. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. But here, oh, Lord have mercy. God is good. Amen. You love him today. Amen. I love the Lord. Amen. You say, "For your thoughts are not my thoughts." You know, sometimes I look at people and and they're telling me their opinion and their thoughts. And sometimes I've had groups to leave the church just leave because they got one opinionated person. One small I intelligent person lead you know the whole flock. I'm going cuz we got one person that's so smart. They know more than the preaching. They know more than God and all that. And people just walk out because you got one smart duck. You know what I'm saying? And they know more than everybody. And you know sometimes if God did not ordain them to take you to Florida and you follow the wrong one, you might be in Alaska and all the flock dies in Alaska because they listen to that one duck that God did not divinely call to lead them out of the cold winter and to lead them down to Florida where it was hot where they can live. You see what I'm saying? So it's very important that that God gives you the hear ear to hear the right voice. Amen. Are you with me? Because if God does not give you the ear to hear the right voice, you'll listen to the wrong one. And they'll lead you into what? That the blind lead the blind. Ain't that right? So you got to be uh uh conscious and aware. Holy Spirit, lead me. Amen. Holy Ghost, guide me. Amen. God, you be in control of this cuz I'll make a mess and I You know, even if it's against my will, I want what? I want your will to be done. Amen. I'm I I'm looking to follow him. I don't want to get myself in the way. Amen. It's not what I accept. It's what God wants for me. Amen. I want to accept God's will for my life. That's what I want. I don't want I don't want to be all mixed up and hanging up just following cuz oo I like the way this just Oh, I like the way the preacher look. Oh, I like the way the church look. No, I want God. I want his word. The word means everything to me. Oh, you with me? Amen. I want I want I want Jesus to speak to my heart. I want Jesus to lead me. I want him to guide me. I'm trusting him to do it because I'll make a mess of myself. But if he if he leads me, I'll follow. I I made so many decisions that was bad decisions in life and you get tired of making wrong decisions. Now you got to a point where God, you take it easy, slow and easy and relaxing, trusting the Lord because I made decisions and it wasn't all it wasn't God fault. A lot of times it was my fault. Amen. Because I sometimes that little small still voice said, "No, no, no." And sometimes we just we just so caught up in doing doing that we don't even hear God. You know, David wanted to go get the ark of God, right? And trying to do God a service without it being his will. So, it was a good thing that he desired to bring the ark back. Amen. To his rightful place. And he went to get it. But what they did was they brought it back on the arch cart. It was the ark. And they started shouting and dancing cuz the ark of the Lord was coming back in the camp. It's good to be happy, but they got to a place and to a little rough place and it looked like the art was going to fall. The servant put his hand to it to try to keep it from falling and it died cuz he put his hand and and they had to stop the their revival. The revival's over. Stop. Why? Because somebody done died put now let's just paused this on our journey back bringing the word back to us okay everything is paused cut off why amen because we're trying to do God a service that is we we're bringing it back on oxc cut failure to consult the Lord we cons if we were to consult the Lord that would have never happened that's right are you with me so we want to do it because it's the right thing to do. But we need to consult God on our decisions. Amen. Amen. Because if we don't consult the Lord, the Lord would have told him the ark is be carried on the shoulder. Amen. So you supposed to to it on men's shoulders. You can't get around to bearing your cross. But Jesus bear the cross alone and the whole world go free. That's right. Amen. You want somebody else to carry your cross, the oxen to do it. Amen. But you got to carry it. You got to identify with your sacrifice. You got to put that cross on your shoulder and you got to carry it. Amen. Amen. It might be a little heavy, but carry it. Amen. Because that's the way God wants you. The word. Amen. Amen. It's got to it's got to be personal. You got to have contact with him. Amen. Amen. It's you and God. Amen. Okay. I got to close. Taking too much time to get where I'm going. A vessel of honor. What makes you and I a vessel of honor? Amen. So Jeremiah was shaping the vessel and it was in the hands of the Lord and he was making it and and it was because God was saying I I'm I'mma let I I'm going to do you. In other words, I'm I'mma bless you and prosper you and everything, but if you're doing evil, Amen. No, I'm I I I'mma devise evil to come upon you. I I can't bless you now. So God knew, Amen. from from the offset before the children ever was born, the kind of attitude Esau despise his birthright. what he was going to do. God already knew that. So, and sometimes as much as we love one another as much as we love family members, as much as we love all the I mean, sometimes, you know, we try all we can, we on our knees fasting and praying and we desire that they see the light and that they come to Jesus Christ. But some of them just they have an attitude, I don't I don't see it. They don't seem to understand that your blessings and your inheritance is in Christ. And God will bless you with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ Jesus if you only allow him to have control of your life. Amen. Amen. Mold me Lord. Make me. You know sometimes we wonder why all the problems, all the complication. If God is a God of love, why is the walls? And why did God let this people be hungry? Why did God do this and why did God do that? You know what? I'm thanking God for having food to eat. Amen. Having a place to stay, instead of uh uh complaining, thank God for what he's given you. And all the other stuff we understanding better by and by, but I got something to thank God for. Amen. I got something to praise him for. I got to let the Lord in the Lord you're good. You're good to me anyhow. I I don't deserve your goodness and I don't deserve your blessing, but thank you for being so good. I know you're real, Lord. Hallelujah. So that that's what it's all about. Instead of thanking God, I don't know why this why. Thank God that you got feet. Thank God you got a right mind you can think. Amen. Instead of complaining, thank him. Amen. Lord, I love you. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Jesus. [Music] I made it this far. Amen. I made it this far. I told Caleb to be ready, but thank God I made it this far. Brother Ernest prayed for me and different ones. I said, "But I made it this far. I don't think nothing lingered this long, but I thank God. I feel good though. Amen. That's why I was thinking it get excited and emotional. Can't have it. That's a part of me. I was trying to teach but I'm so used to preaching but by the grace of God as I come to the conclusion and pastor of honor I go back to Romans nine I won't go back to Jeremiah maybe I can pick it up another time but by the grace of God it's very important that you recognize What? God made you a vessel of mine. As if Caleb was always whipping. I can let him. Sometimes you got to be able to catch it. re naked preach, she'll catch me, but she can't get up here and take over. Maybe kiss you or somebody and they can catch it and finish it off. But I got to try to do the best I can. God is good. Amen. Amen. Again, he looking at me like he going to catch it. God is good. I ain't going to put that pressure on him. Amen. A vessel of honor. What verse I'm looking for? Vessel of honor. Huh? 11. I want to go right to the verse 21. Okay. Okay. He said, "Has not the power of power over the clay of the same lump. to make one vessel to honor and another to what? So don't tell. You know what I'm saying? All those people that you hear complaining about God, complaining about this and complaining about that, all their complaints, all their thoughts and all their ideas about it, why they don't serve God, why they don't believe in God, why this no, you know, just thank God for that. You can trust him. You can believe him. And you can't explain to them why why you love God, why you thank God, and why God is good. You can't explain to them. You can't answer their questions, but just know that God has chosen you to be a vessel of honor. And God has blessed you to be in a family and a home that you can be guided in the right direction and that you can have that desire to please God, to live for God, and to love God. Just thank him for those values that he's given you as a Christian. Amen. and that you want to do everything to please him, to let him know that you love him and you appreciate him. Even though sometimes you're not where you need to be, but you say, "God, I'm not where I need to be, but you know where I want to be. So I want you to help me Lord because you made me a vessel of honor and I want to walk in your pleasing and I want to be accepted in your sight. So by the grace of God, you put that in his forefront and you tell God that and you have something to be looking forward to. God, everything ain't just right right now, but I want it all to be just right. Oh yes, I desire and I know you know how to fix me. Amen. Because I'm asking for your help and I'm asking for your guidance because I believe that I'm not a vessel fitted for destruction. But I'm a vessel of honor. Amen. And and my desire is to please you. Amen. So Lord, pour all your fullness in me and all the love that I need. Yes. to be able to withstand all the hate, all the animosity, all the complaining and all the frustrations and all all the cares of this life. Everything the arrow the devil can shoot against me. And one thing I will be confident, one thing have I desired of the Lord, that will I seek after, that I may behold the beauty of the Lord, and acquire his temple. For in the time of trouble, he shall hide me and his prevailing. In the secrets of his tabernacle, he shall hide me. He said, "Set my head up up upon a rock, and I should be lifted up above my enemies round about me. For the Lord is my light and my salvation. Whom shall I fear?" The Lord is the strength of my life. Of whom shall I be afraid? Amen. Amen. When the wicked, even my enemies and my foes that came upon me to eat up my flesh, they did stumble and fall. Amen. the whole shepherd. Thank you, Lord. God is good. Amen. Amen. You feel all right? Amen. That's why David said, "The Lord is my shepherd." Amen. And I shall not want. Amen. Amen. Thank God because you know, vessels of honor. He making me to lie down in green pasture. Amen. Amen. He lead me beside the what? And he what? He restores my soul. Amen. Amen. I'm so glad that God does those things for me. Amen. Amen. A vessel of honor. Amen. Lead me. Guide me. So I says in my conclusion, mold me, mold me, make me. Amen. I don't want to control my life. I want God to control it. I'm not trying to I you know we want God to line up align with our thoughts. We want God to agree with us. God might disagree with you and God might not line up the way you want him to line up. So I want you to say Lord m and make me that I can line up with you. Amen. And I can come in line in a straight narrow way where there'll be few to find it. Let me walk that straight narrow way. Amen. The way called holiness. I want to walk that straight narrow way. Amen. Amen. The Broadway lead to destruction. Ain't that right? So, let me let me It's a straight. It ain't crooked. It's straight. And God wants to It give you the strength and the guidance. This is straight and it's narrow. Amen. All the stuff that the world has to offer. Amen. But it leads to life. And that's what you ought to desire. I I desire life. I draw thy truth from the inward parts. Amen. That's what I want, Lord. Amen. Amen. Lord, I want you to restore to me. Amen. The joy of my salvation. Yes. And renew a right spirit within. Amen. Create in me a clean heart. Amen. Amen. Oh Lord. Amen. Amen. Here, God bless you. Let us stand. It's good to know the Lord. Amen. We serving a good God. I pause in the middle and maybe it was time to stop. And God is good. Amen. As our heads are bowed, hearts are looking to him. [Music] Is there anyone want to say mold me, make me Yes, Jesus. After thy own will. You going to lift your hands, said, "I want God to mold me." Lord, I believe he's not finished with the work that he's doing on my on these vessels. And I believe it's some more work on the wheel. God keeps spinning the wheel. Yes. because I hadn't come into fullness of your purpose for my life. Keep spinning the wheel. Thank you for all the hands, hearts. Keep spinning, Lord, for I desire truth from the inward part. I desire your love, your peace, your joy. I desire all that you have for me. And God, I want to be a vessel that you can empty yourself into that you can come and live in the vessel. For we have this treasure in earthly vessels. Lord, may oh God the treasures of God that you want to give to us that come into these earthly vessels and Lord that you can pour yourself and empty yourself into us Lord. So Lord, let it be Lord. You can pour your spirit, oh God, into the bottles of these earthly vessels. And Lord, they can give as life struggles go. Lord, even not burst, as your anointing and your power become stronger and stronger. Lord, let us be flexible, Lord. A new skin, Lord. In new skin, Lord. Empty yourself in us, Lord. I need you now. I need your spirit. I need your power now. I need you, Lord. Come, Lord Jesus. Fill me with your spirit. Fill me with your power. Come, Lord, and abide with us, Lord. Break every yoke God. Forgive us, oh God. Forgive us, oh God, of all things that, Amen, we displease you in, Lord. But I want to become one with you. I want to live for you, Lord. I want to love you more, Lord. I want to follow you, Lord. How about you, friend? How about you, brother, sister? Can you yield to him? Tell him you love him. Tell him you thank him. Lord, I appreciate you. Glory to God. Have your way in my life in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. The Bible says to repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sin and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. If you in need prayer, if you need water baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus, you can come as brother Gordon sings. Whatever the need is, let Jesus have his way. If you want prayer, whatever your need is. Yes. I want to be a willing vessel. A vessel you can use. I want to be a willing vessel. The instrument you choose. I want to empty out myself available to you. So let me be a well vessel. Be a willing vessel. Be a willing vessel you can [Music] use. I want to be a willing vessel, a vessel you can use. I want to be a willing vessel the instrument you choose. I want to empty myself available to you. Don't let me be as be willing. Be a willingness. You can use a great I did a case my life my will to thee alone. If you can use these hands. If you can use this voice all for your kingom and your glory, Lord. I want to be a willing vessel, a vessel you can use. I want to be a willing vessel. the instrument you choose. I want to empty out myself available to you. So let me v be a willing vessel. be a willing vessel you can use. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's our desire. A willing vessel in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's just bow. Amen. Lord, we thank you this morning, Lord Jesus, for your word, Lord. And we pray, oh God, that you work within us to do your good pleasure, Lord, to mold and make us. Help us, Lord, to walk after thy ways and not our own. bless us each one this morning, Lord. We thank you. We lift up brother Simmons, Lord. Just pray you continue to strengthen him and deliver him, Lord God. And thank you for him this morning, Lord. Thank you for your word. Thank you for each brother and sister that gathered here this morning in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Be with us now, oh God, as we go our separate ways. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause]
