################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-21 - Minister E. Legette Go and Learn - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-21
Title:   Minister E. Legette: "Go and Learn"
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Bride Tabernacle of Columbia SC
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCSHJZdbPeM
========================================

Description:
Join us in person for:
Bible Study Tuesday @ 7-8pm
Sunday School Sunday 9:30 am

Virtual & In Person:
Friday @ 7:30pm
Sunday @ 10:30am
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
All [Music] right. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Down. [Music] Down. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] I love you. I love you. I love you, Lord, today because because you care for me. Thank the Lord Jesus in such a special way. And yes, I pray praise you Lord. Lift you up and magnify God. That's why my heart That's why my heart is filled with praise. Praise the Lord Jesus our savior. Amen. I love you. I love you. Love you. Love you Lord today. Because because you came in such a special way. Such a special. And yes I praise praise you Jesus Lord lift you up magnify your name Jesus name Lord and I my heart is let's one more time I love you I love you Lord today I love you Lord I love Jesus Lord thank you Lord Lord Lord for me. Thank the Lord in such such and yes I praise praise you. I lift you up and I magnify your the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. That's why my heart is fil my heart, my mind, my soul belongs to you. Amen. My my soul, my soul belongs to you. Christ for me. Way back on Calvary. Way back on why I lift you up and I magnify the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. That's why my heart That's why my heart That's why my Lord my heart is filled. That's why my heart is filled with praise. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's just stand and bow. Lord, we thank you, Lord. Lord, we want to make that our prayer this evening, Lord, that we love you, we thank you, we praise you. Our hearts are filled with praise and overjoyed, Lord, to be in the house of the Lord this evening with brothers and sisters of like, precious faith, able to lift up the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, our savior, our God, our all and all. Bless the service, Lord. Bless the word, Lord. We thank you for all things asking that you bless us now and thank you for it in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. We're going to have sister Pan come up here and sing goodness of God. I know she always ready. [Music] Amen. [Music] I love you, Lord, for your mercy never failing. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up, From the moment that I wake up, I until I lay my hand. Oh, I will sing of the good name of God. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been where everywhere that I am able. Oh, I will above the name of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are both like no other. I've known you as the father. I've known you as a friend. And I have live in the name of God. And all my life you [Music] Heat. Heat. I am I will be all my life. Heat. Heat. Oh my god. Everybody Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. Amen. Thank God for his goodness. Amen. It's a highway to heaven. None none can go up there but but the pure. It's a high It's a highway to heaven. Going up the king highway. Oh, it's a highway to heaven. Amen. Nothing short but the pure. It's a highway going up the king's highway. Amen. It's a highway. It's a highway to heaven. Go up there. But but the joy heart. It's a high highway to heaven. Going up the king highway. Oh, it's a highway to heaven. Go up there. But the pure heart, it's a highway to heaven. Going up the King Highway. One more time. It's a highway. It's a high heaven. Oh, nothing there but the pure heart. It's a high going up going up the king high. Going up the king high. Going up the king high. Going up the king high. Going up the king high. Amen. Amen. We have sisters to come on up at this time. Amen. Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you Jesus. [Music] moving in our midst. I worship you. [Music] You are here moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. You are here moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. [Music] You are here working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. [Music] Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, my God. That is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here touching every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are here healing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are here turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. [Music] You are here mending every heart. I worship you. I worship you. Hey Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Hey, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. [Music] Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. [Music] Sing this one. Glad I got Jesus. Glad I got Jesus down. Glad I got Jesus down. I bet I got you. [Music] Glad I got this. Glad I got Jesus down. I got Jesus down. I'm glad I got Jesus down. Glad I got Jesus down in my Say right there. I got Jesus Christ. I got Jesus. I got Jesus. I got Jesus down in my heart. I got a friend down. Man, I got a man. I got a pro. I got I got Jesus. I got Jesus. I got Jesus. I got Jesus. I got a friend now. I got a friend now. I got Jesus. I got Jesus. Mighty good healer. I got Jesus. Mighty good healer. I got Jesus. Mighty good savior. I got Jesus. I got Jesus. I got Jesus. I got this. I got Jesus. I got I got Jesus. I got in my heart. I got Jesus. I got Jesus. Heat. Heat. Amen. We have the brothers come work this town. [Music] Bless [Music] you guys. Welcome. Yeah. Good. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Everything is changing every day. [Music] There are things we thought would last forever, but they fade and slip away. You can set your You can set your feet upon the rock that will not move. You can trust your tomorrows with this never changing truth. Jesus Christ, he's the same yesterday. Oh, and today and forever. Jesus Christ. Oh, he's the same yesterday and today and forever. He's the same. [Music] Treasures of this world may turn to rust. [Music] Hope may turn to disillusion and dreams may turn to dust. But there is one from age to age whose mercies are the same. And someday every knee shall bow and every tongue proclaim that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday. now and today and forever. [Music] He is Jesus Christ. is the same yesterday. Oh, and today and forever. He's the same. He's the same. He's the same. name. Bless his name. He the same. [Music] Amen. He's the same yesterday, today, forever. Yesterday, today forever. Jesus is the same. All may change, but Jesus never. Glor me to y'all. Y'all don't know that. Just a yesterday, today, forever. Jesus is the same. All may change. All may change, but Jesus never grow. Yesterday, today, forever. Yesterday, today, forever [Music] is the same. All may change, but Jesus never glory, glory to his name. Glory, glory to his name. Glory to his name. All may change. All may change, but Jesus never. Glory. Take me up. Take me up. Take me up. Yesterday, today, forever. Jesus is the same. All may change, but Jesus never take me up again. Take me. Yesterday, today, forever. Jesus is Jesus is the same. All may change. All may change. But Jesus never never again. Yesterday, today, forever, Jesus is the same. All may change, but Jesus never glor. Glory to his name. Glory to Glory to his name. Glory to his name. All may change, but Jesus never. Glory to Glory to his name. Glory to his name. Glory to his name. All may take but Jesus never. Glory to his glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Since I leave my burden burning down. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Jesus is my [Music] glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Since I live my glory, glory. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. burning down. Glory. [Music] Amen. Since I laid my burdens down. Amen. God is good. Amen. Let's bow our heads tonight. Word of prayer. If you have a special need, you can make it known by lifting up your hands. Heavenly Father, Lord, we come to you tonight. Dear Jesus, as humble as we know how, Lord. Oh God, I believe just like the song says, I feel so much better since I laid my burdens down. God, thank you tonight, Lord, for blessing us, God, and coming by to see about us, Lord, watching over us through the week. And oh God, keeping us safe from all danger, hurt, and harm. Lord, we thank you tonight. Lord, we pray God that if we said or did anything, Lord, that would oh God, hinder the move of God, Lord, that would cause you to oh God, be offset with us, Lord. We just pray, God, that you would forgive us, Lord, of things known and unknown. Oh God, bless your children tonight. Bless each and every need, Lord. know that your people come Lord in desire of something oh God and I know that you got something that you can give them Lord oh Jesus we thank you for that tonight continue to bless your children to look over the sick and afflicted Lord go by and see about your children Lord we love you we appreciate you bless those that couldn't make it out tonight Lord but desired in their hearts God I pray that you go by and see about them also Lord we thank you we bless your name in the name name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. We want to look at the book of Matthew 9. Praise to God. Amen. God is good. Amen. [Music] I feel so much better. Amen. Amen. Since I laid my burdens down. I was telling uh somebody the other day, I said, you know, just when the Lord saved me at 19 years old, I I feel just as good today as as I did back then when he saved me. Amen. Through all the ups and downs and all that, I said, I I I feel just as good today as I did back then. Amen. God is good. Matthew 9 and we'll start here at the at the 9th verse. You got it. Say amen. Amen. And it reads, "And as Jesus passed forth from then, he saw a man named Matthew sitting at the receipt of custom. And he said unto him, Follow me." And he arose and followed him. And it came to pass as Jesus sat at meet in the house, behold, many publicans and sinners came and sat down with him and his disciples. And when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto his disciples, "Why is your master with publicans and sinners? But when Jesus heard that, he said unto them, they that behold need not a physician, but they that are sick, but go ye and learn what that meanth. I will have mercy." How many glad the Lord got mercy tonight? And not sacrifice, for I am not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance. May God bless your reading of his word. I like that how he says I'll have mercy. Amen. You know uh this little topic here tonight. I want to minister just for quick moment on go and learn. Amen. With a subtopic I will have mercy. You know the thing is here in the scriptures the the uh Pharisees and the scribes of that day you know they were following Jesus around. And you know a lot of times what they were following him around was not that they can learn something or not that they can glean but to find something that they can criticize. Amen. Amen. And you know we know the prophet of God was saying that you know you get what you expect. Amen. you come if you whatever you come looking for that's what you going to get. So if you come looking to criticize and the devil sure going to give you something uh to find to criticize. Amen. But you know that's why we often say it how you touch Jesus made a big difference. Amen. Cuz some a lot of people touched him didn't get nothing. But that woman with the issue when she touched him she got virtue. Amen. something left him because she was expecting something because you know just to just to touch she she understood that Jesus was all he had power in him like no other. Amen. And and not even to touch his arm or or just his bare skin but just piece of the clothing that he wearing it and I know if I can just get to touch that that's what her faith was. Amen. So the problem as we're saying that the Pharisees had following Jesus around, they had a problem with him because he was always seemed to be um mingling and meddling with the people that the church world should not had no association with, right? But that's what Jesus ministry was, right? You know, I've been preaching for a couple of weeks on on spiritual health and and how the church is sick, but I like how Jesus says that, you know, the whole don't need a physician, right? He says, "But he come for the sick, right? That was his ministry." And they couldn't understand it, you know, but in today, even the church world today, you know, the bride is supposed to be an extension of the ministry of Christ. How many believe that? Come on. And so a lot of times, you know, we get caught up in all kind of other things and we're not we're not upholding the ministry, right? But what what is what is Christ what was Christ's ministry? He said, you know, in Luke 4 and 18, he when he came, he said, "The spirit of the Lord is upon me because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor." Amen. He hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted. Hallelujah. and and to and to preach deliverance to the captives and recovering sight to the blind to set at liberty them that are bruised. Amen. So what he says, my ministry, God has anointed me to come to the down and out. Amen. He's anointed me to come to those that don't have no hope. Right? And that's where that's where my ministry should be. You know, I was looking at something. Prophet God was saying that, you know, a lot of people profess Christianity, but they never had a burden for lost souls. Amen. Come on. So, how can you profess Christianity or profess to have the Holy Ghost, but you don't have a burden for lost souls? Come on. Not just to pack the church up in numbers just to get the people in, but to see somebody truly converted. Amen. to see God. I I always love to see God just take somebody that don't even have an ounce of religion or God in them, right? And begin working working on them with the little bit that they got. Amen. I heard somebody saying on a song they was saying, "God ain't concerned about what you lost, about what you don't have. All he's wanting is what you got left." Amen. and he'll take what you got left and he'll do something with it. How many believe that tonight? So I thank God for that. That when he when you say it like that, I thank God that see you don't have no respective person. He knows what where you at and what condition you in. He knows where this and that and what condition they're in. He knows what everybody where they at and what condition they're in. But his job, he went out to get them. Amen. Amen. Come on. I like how you know he was walking. You know, Matthew sitting at the seat of custom, but all he did was walk by him and say, "Follow me." Right? And a lot of times, like we say, you got to go out there. When we say go out there and get them, come on. You got to have a burden for lost souls. Right? But what happens in the church world, they don't have a burden, but they have a critical eye, right? Or they have a a a a spirit where they think that they are better than everybody else, right? Oh, I'm glad I'm not like them. But that's the same spirit the Pharisees and the scribes had. And that's why Jesus told them, "Though you think you know what what the ministry is, or though you think you where you ought to be, I want you to go back and learn what the scriptures mean." Right? Come on. That I'll have mercy. See, God was interested. Come on. He He doesn't take pleasure in in uh punishing his people. I don't believe God does. Come on. But he desires his main thing. He desires to have mercy, right? But what happens sometimes his mercy runs out in some lives. Come on. But it ain't that he didn't extend that arm of grace, right? But he extended extended and gave you an opportunity, but the people with a deaf ear turned it away. Right? Come on. So he's telling them, he says, "Go and learn." Come on. I'm so glad that God see that. And that's what it is. the the the bride's ministry is going to be the same ministry that Christ had. See, Jesus, he went out there. Like I said, he went and got them. Went to those places. You know, I was telling the church on uh Sunday, it's something I remember my grandmother telling me some years ago, and she was saying that, you know, uh Brother Simmons when he first came down to Mullins, it what made him different than a lot of the other uh preachers of his time, that that era right there. He says that he spent up time with those boys. She was pointing at some of people that's standing out there in the yard. He see say see he he would see them and he go out there and talk to them. He take up time with them. Right? And she said that's what the difference was. See the thing is a lot of times we only want to take up time with our family or with the people that's around us in the church. Come on. But we got to go go out there the highways and the hedges or we look at situations. You don't know what got a person where they are until you sit down and talk to them for a little bit. Come on. Amen. I always believed that they weren't born in the world in in that, you know, was born in sin, came from the womb, you know, in bad shape, but in the addictions and the troubles and all they had in their life, they weren't born like that, right? But something happened and got them thrown all off. But one thing about Jesus, and I believe that if his spirit is in you, you'd have that same burden. One thing about him was he he had compassion for more than just healing of the sick, but he wanted healing of the soul. Amen. He had compassion for the publicans and the sinners. And I I think sometimes I said, Lord, uh we don't never want to lose that burden. Come on. We always that always because what it is, you look at people and it ain't the people, but it's a spirit that got hold to them. Come on. and they can't see their self. And you couldn't see yourself unless God opened your eyes. Come on. How many believe that? I know that to be the truth. You didn't know until God opened your eyes. But what it was, it was his spirit. Whether he sent your mama, whether he sent your friend, whether he sent the preacher, whatever it does, but it was still his spirit that came by where you were at. Amen. Amen. Come on. Amen. He met you right where I I I can talk from experience for myself. He met me right where I was at. Come on. Amen. Hallelujah. And he ain't never left me yet. Hallelujah. Amen. He met me right where I was at. Come on. And dealt with me right at the stage that I was on. Come on. Amen. Amen. And begin to let me know right then that he still loved me. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. And that he want to turn my life around. But I got to let him turn it around now. Come on. He wasn't going to force me. Yes. But he when he come and that's what it is when you when you out witnessing things of people, you tell them all the time that you know, come on, God is God and he never changed. His power is still the same. Amen. Come on. That the ministry uh Luke 4:18 like it says that ministry ain't over. He's still doing the same thing today. Come on. If you got bru if you're bruised, he's healing bruises. Come on. Your broken heart, he's mending broken hearts. If you bound up in chains, he's setting free the captive. He's still doing that. Why? Because he's still alive, ain't he? His spirit is still here. But the church world sometimes forget that. Come on. But God got to remind us. Oh, like we said, he came by you where you were at. Amen. And got you. God to remind you of that sometime. Come on. God to remind you. Hallelujah. When you was hopeless. Come on. Amen. When you had addictions that you couldn't break, come on. When you had everybody against you, bless. Come on. Talking down to you, not believing that you was ever going to be nothing. Right there where you were at, his spirit moved right around here in where you were at. Hallelujah. Amen. And he he caught your attention. Why? Because you were already predestinated. Come on. He didn't see you how you were then, but he saw you how you were going to be. Hallelujah. Amen. And he knew that you were his seed. So he came by and he got you. And and through all of what you had against you, come on. And so that's what I'm saying. When God take you back and you see that, Hallelujah. then you want to present that hope to somebody else that all that you got against you, come on. All that I had against me, somehow I made it through. Hallelujah. Somehow after all I had against me. Amen. I was able to battle throughout all of that. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. Amen. Come on. I was listening to that song last night. I had it on repeat about my soul is anchored. Amen. That's what it is. That's why I was sharing. I says, you know, with someone I says, out of all that way back then, everybody thought it was going to pass, you just a phase he going through. I'm just a stirred now. And I'm in love with God even more now. Come on. than I can say I was back then because he's brought me through more. Hallelujah. And when you look at the blessings that God has blessed you with. Don't talk about what you don't God. Look, don't have look at what God has blessed you with. Come on. Amen. Oh Jesus. Amen. Blessings. He didn't have to hand out. Hallelujah. But he loved you. Lord, he came by where you were at. He took up time with you. And just because you were faithful, hallelujah, God started blessing you. Amen. Hallelujah. And when you thought God was was done, he started blessing you again. Come on. But you love God because of what he done for you. How many love God tonight? But that's what it is. Your love for God, come on. Grows. Come on. Your love for God got to continue growing, right? But what it is, what it is, I says, is that people have spirit. They got a spirit on. The world got a spirit on it, right? Come on. And they can't help it. The way out of seeing age, the world got a spirit on it. Amen. Everybody, they cannot they can be in real bad shape, not have nothing, but yet they'll tell you they don't have need of nothing. Come on. Not even God himself, but they can't help it because of the spirit that's on this age. Come on. That's why he says to come unto me and bow messelves, right? Come on. Amen. That I might uh let me anoint your eyes. Right. Come on. He wants you to come unto him, right? And he what he does when he anoints your eyes. Come on. Then he opens your eyes to the condition you in that hey I need help. Come on. I ain't going to make it without you God. That's right. Come on. It open your eyes and say Lord I need you in the morning. I need you in the evening. God I need you. And when your eyes is opening you don't never stop that need for God. Every day you wake up you say I need God. Come on. Every hour you say I need God. Right. And you do. Come on. Don't ever think I was praying. I said, "Lord, what it is, you know, you got to always walk in the in a level of humility." You got to always keep it upon yourself. Lord, don't let me think of me to be no higher than I am. Amen. But God, let me always walk humble in your sight. You got to have that prayer now. Amen. Come on. Amen. You got to have that prayer that God whatever I was I was saying Lord when we ministering the gospel we can get up. What's the use in preaching if if your spirit ain't there to direct? Hallelujah. If the anointing isn't there to meet the needs of the people if it ain't come by to to just drop something in somebody's spirit that that they'll know that God heard you. Hallelujah. God knows what you're dealing with. The preacher didn't know. God knew it. Right. Come on. And he dropped something to let you know that you all done a little while longer. Hallelujah. Oh, Jesus. I'm about to turn some situations around. I believe that. Do you believe that? Oh, I believe it with all my heart that God is getting ready to turn some situations around. Come on. Amen. Oh, Jesus. Amen. Well, we got to let God do it, right? Come on. He's not uh brute like that, but he he's when when he comes. So I says, you know what it is? It's a spirit, ain't it? You know, I was thinking um I was saying uh uh last last night me and somebody people was talking. We've been talking all week. What it is, you know, this world has gone insane. We say it all the time, but it's actually gone insane, right? We were looking at videos and of Iran shooting rockets just recklessly, 50, 60 at a time, no intended targets, hitting cities, hitting whatever they can hit. I said, you know, and we watching those rockets just coming in. I said, can you imagine having to deal with that? Come on. But what it is over here, we ain't had to deal with that. Hallelujah. So people be at ease, don't they? Come on. I was looking at, you know, uh, Iran was saying that that they they pray they prepping for strikes possibly on air bases over there or bases over there, American bases. And then somebody was showing a video of what the soldiers over there doing on the bases over there playing around like ain't nothing going on. Come on. No sense of urgency, you know. And I thought about that same thing how at in in uh Pearl Harbor World War II. They knew the Japanese was going to attack, but was know they they went out drinking, partying, just doing whatever they normally do the night before, even though they know it could be attack at any time. Come on. And when the attack came on, we wasn't ready. Why wasn't you ready? The handwriting was on the wall. The trumpet had sounded. Come on. The warning signs had went out. Why didn't Why wasn't you ready? But the same thing spiritually speaking in the church, the handwriting is on the wall now. You think the people desperate? Come on. Bless. You think the people uh uh stirred? Come on. To get down on their knees and pray and check themselves. Lord, search me. Try me. Come on. Oh Jesus. I was praying. I said, "Lord, as thinking about Samson, he said, Lord, once more." Come on. You know, the prophet of God was talking about when you look at look when they looked at him, he still looked the same. The framework was still there. The hair had even started growing back. But it was one thing, the power was gone. Come on. And if you look at the church today, sometimes, come on, the buildings are there, the people are there, but it's something wrong. Come on. And if you tell them that, they get mad with you. Come on. But they won't be mad when the real storm comes. Oh Jesus. Amen. So true. The handwriting is on the wall. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Time is now wound up. Come on. I said, "Lord, I want to be ready when you come." Hallelujah. Oh, Jesus. You know, I was telling uh uh somebody I says there we was talking about those rockets hitting. They was like, "Man, I I don't know." He says America ain't ready for nothing like that cuz Israel got tunnels. So they set the sirens off and they go on the ground to protect themselves from the rocket that's coming. America say they ain't ready for nothing like that. I says the thing about it is something like that. Only thing that's going to that's going to uh uh uh take care of you and something like that is going to have to be the spirit of God. Hallelujah. Come on. How many believe that? Your only hope is safety. Come on. even in the world today is in God himself. Amen. Not church. Hallelujah. Not just jumping and shouting or professing to be a Christianity, but you got to have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Come on. Something that a nuclear bomb can't touch. Oh Jesus. Come on. Something that'll warn you what's up ahead. Right. What's up ahead? When men miss all the signs, I believe it. The Holy Ghost warns us. Amen. Come on. Everybody sitting around. You might not see it, but God is warning you by his spirit. Something is getting ready to happen. Come on. Oh, Jesus. Amen. And you can feel it. Hallelujah. And what side are you on this morning tonight? Hallelujah. But I says that God Come on. I says, he's telling them to go and learn. Come on. Because they thought they knew, but they they didn't. Did they missed the simple things? But I says in all of that and all that uh uh taking place and and all that I says, are you ready tonight? Come on. Are you ready? Hallelujah. For the oncoming storms. I was listen, as I was saying earlier, I was listening to that song, My Soul is anchored. I like a little a little verse. I kind of made part of it up myself, but I says, you know, uh, even if the storms don't cease, come on. And if the wind, cuz he's saying that, keep on blowing. Come on. I throw that other part in there. I know that in the word of God, I got an anchor. Come on. That keep me steadfast and unmovable despite the storm. Hallelujah. Come on. We looking at oncoming storms. oncoming things, right? But I said even if it it don't let up, right? One thing I know that my soul is anchored. Come on. Not in man, not in creed, dogma. My soul is anchored. Hallelujah. In the word of God because all else have fell but his word. Hallelujah. All else will pass away. But I'm anchored. Hallelujah. Knowing that God will keep his promise. Oh Jesus. Hallelujah. And that's where your eyes got to stay uh uh settled at. How many believe that tonight? Come on. But the world is gone. See, that's the thing about it. Jesus, like it says, he come that the the uh uh uh save the lost to the sick, right? Uh uh to to heal them. He that's why he told him, "Go and learn what that mean. I'll have mercy." He was desiring to have mercy. Show people where they were, right? Come on. And he was desiring that today. He's still desiring that same thing today. But I was talking last night and and we was uh talking about some situations. I said, "You know, the world, like we said, has gone completely insane." We was talking about a certain situation and a friend of mine at the job, he said, "Ernest, but you know, that's acceptable now, right?" I said, "It's still not acceptable no matter who say it is." Amen. Come on. It It'll never be acceptable. Not in the sight of God. Hallelujah. I says, "But you know, uh, we was talking about in the in the '9s." I said, "In the '9s, if you had did that, everybody would have looked at you like you was mentally something. You had mental issues. Come on. That's how they would have looked at you with this certain situation." I said, "But now they don't they don't even like it's normal." I said, "What is it?" It's not still not normal. It's a mental issue. Come on. It's a spirit. There's demons. Come on. Hallelujah. But they don't know because they they blinded by the God of this this this age, right? Come on. But that's why we don't look at them certain ways, but we say, "God, come on. Have mercy." Amen. And not sacrifice. Come on. Amen. Oh Jesus. Give me the right prayer that I can pray and you can go by and do something in their life. Because I got a burden for their soul, God. I don't even know what got them in the shape they're in. Amen. But I'm burdened to see them like that. Hallelujah. And they think they all right. That's why you can't talk to them. Come on. Amen. But you can still pray. Come on. Hallelujah. You can still pray and pull down strongholds. How many believe that tonight? Come on. And that's what I say is God. Come on. A lot of times what happens? Come on. God open a little door or crisis will come in somebody life. God open a little door and you go in there. Come on. But what it is, see the thing is the Pharisees don't know how to didn't know how to uh handle those open doors. Amen. Come on. They was concerned more with the rituals in the letter of the law. Come on. Than meeting the people where they were at. Amen. Come on. But the spirit of God, like we said, he want to meet meet you where you at. Hallelujah. Come on. Oh Jesus. Come on. He says to mark those that sigh and cry about the abomination done in the city. Sometimes we got to get back. What's the ministry? Come on. When you don't have a burden for lost souls, prophet God was saying that's that's a bad place, right? And he said people profess Christianity and never had it. Come on. Oh Jesus. Never desired to see somebody. Come on. Or still don't desire that today to see God change somebody's life. see God take them off of these drugs and alcohol. Come on. Break spirits powers on their life. I don't know about you, but I I got a burden for somebody. Hallelujah. Come on. Oh, Jesus. Hallelujah. You know, I was thinking about my dad. I can say it. I tell my dad, my dad told me, he said, you know, one thing of when he was going through his time, he said he average service, you know, he was in the shape he was in. He came to church and he says he get in the prayer line and he's saying the pastor was brother Simmons at the time said he'd pray for him just as hard as if it was his first time coming. Never turned them away. Come on. But what it was one day God did something. Come on. Amen. Amen. Amen. Come on. Amen. And is he still that same God? Who you who you got a burden for tonight? Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Come on. Oh Jesus. Do you believe God is still saving? Come on. Do you believe God is still mending? He's still healing. Come on. Natural healing will be all right. But if you your soul ain't right, we talking about spiritual things. Come on. Do you believe that God is still breaking yolks? God is still restoring minds. Amen. Come on. He restoring the backslider. Don't forget about them. Hallelujah. Amen. God is still working. Amen. Come on. But who is going to cry out? Amen. Who's going to call out? Who's going to bring them on the scene? Oh, Jesus. Who is going to have a burden for their children? Come on. For their loved ones, for their brothers, for their sisters. Come on. And go to God and say, "Lord, you promise." Hallelujah. This is what you said. I can't do it. The world is in such shape it's going to take you, God. Oh, Jesus. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Come on. Oh, Jesus. You got to remind him, Lord, you said I'll have mercy. Amen. Come on. Amen. And he's still having mercy. Give them a desire to want you. Hallelujah. Come on. Yes, sir. A desire to want to go deeper in God. Amen. Come on. Amen. Her desire. Hallelujah. To see God in the manifestation of his power. I was sharing with a friend of mine, Muslim friend of mine. He was saying, I says, "The thing is, you know, the the gospel, I said, it's got to, you know, I want a gospel that's that's can do something for me, right? More than just make you turn a new leaf or give you good principles to live by, but it's got to have power in it." Come on. The things that you're saying you can't overcome, it's one thing about the spirit of God. Hallelujah. The gospel, it's got power in it. the things I say I couldn't overcome. After I done all I can do, he took up the rest. Hallelujah. Come on. And he took the He changed my appetite. He did all those things. It wasn't me, but it was in how much I can let go and let God do it. Right. Come on. That's what how much you tell people all the time, it ain't about you. You trying and God like your efforts. You taking that one step. Come on. And he'll take two, but you got to let go. Hallelujah. God, I desire I desire your spirit. I desire to walk upright in your sight. I desire to do the things that's pleasing unto you. Come on. Is that your desire tonight? Come on. And as you desire that, little by little, watch God. Come on. Oh, Jesus. Begin to move in you in that way. Begin to taking things and move. And then you realize, come on. It wasn't ever since I laid my burdens. It wasn't hard. It was easy letting go and letting God have his way. It was hard for me trying to carry it. But when I let go and let God have it, it became easy. That's why it says to take my yoke upon you and learn of me. Come on. Amen. Oh Jesus. For my my yoke is easy, but my burden is what? Light. Like I said, after all all you had to battle through, come on. It was easy because God did it for you. How many believe that tonight? Somebody give the Lord a hand clap of praise. I know. God is good. Amen. I had a a few little things I wanted to say, but you know, I just for the sake of time, I says, you know, the the handwriting is on the wall. Amen. Come on. It's on the wall. We closer now than we ever been. Right. Are you stirred? Come on. Is your spirit stirred? Come on. Are you are you prepping to get out of here? Come on. A lot of times say, "Oh, you got you know he got to live like it's he going to be 20 years." And that's true. But don't don't say that too much and you don't prep at all. Come on. I don't know about you brothers and sisters, but I want to be ready. Amen. Come on. at any time. I was sharing with them at work. You know, I was saying, you know, the Bible talked about the three woes and the two already happened, but I said that third one was supposed to come shortly. I said, but that third one ain't going to be nothing like these first two. Those first two, it won't even last long. Not when they start throwing nuclear weapons. And the thing is, you know, people got faith in politics and all. Come on. All men are liars. Come on. A man without God to do anything. That's one of my grandmas saying. He said, "A man that don't fear God to do anything." Come on. But your trust got to be totally in God. How many believe that tonight? Come on. Look to him. Like I says, he's got one thing I I was sharing. I was talking to Charlotte. I'm closing. Was talking to Charlotte. says, "I I'm starting to, you know, as as you go through in the Christian journey, you start learning lessons. Come on. You learning lessons and God is his spirit teaching you, but you you learning it and you growing, but then you start, you know, uh, looking to God for more more now than anything." Come on. I was telling the guy cuz he was saying, you know, Ernest, he says, "Everybody keep calling me young, but I'm 32 years old. I'm old now." I said, "The thing is, we was laughing about it." I says, "You know, you can be 50 and 60 years old and still hadn't learned the lessons of life yet." I says, "But the character, what you make up, what's made up, it's been because of the things that you went through." Come on. And I says that you know we find that in our lives. Come on. You you learn lessons and then like I said you start looking to God for more. You start looking. You don't just make decisions just do things or whatever. And even if you are about to and he and the Holy Ghost quicken you. You stop and you pray and say let's seek God about it. And if you don't have a sure answer you learn from the times past and leave it alone. Come on. Hallelujah. because you don't want to have to deal with what you already dealt. You want to go like we say every round go higher. You want to go higher in God, right? So you start looking to him for everything. And that's why it says we got to look to God and God will show you. But are you looking? Come on. He's speaking, but who's listening? Come on. His spirit is doing something, but who's listening? Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Praise God. Amen. Amen. You sin last night concerning the world falling apart. Amen. And you can't believe the devil's lie. You got to realize the devil is a liar and he'll keep lying to you as long as you are believing it. But when you stop believing the devil's lie, you'll turn your heart to the Lord. Eve believed the devil's lie and we got all of us in bad shape cuz the devil deceived her. I said don't believe the devil's lie. He's been lying to you. He'll tell you a lie and have you repeating his lie. Amen. And believe in his lie. That you can wait till tomorrow. And the Bible tells us tomorrow is not promised. The day you hear my voice, he said, "Ha not your heart." Amen. For today is the day of salvation. Amen. You can believe the devil's lie and believe that you got time time to get right. Amen. But when God call when God call you, time would wind up. And God is calling somebody tonight. God is speaking to some heart tonight. Amen. If you only yield to him, surrender to the Lord, not my will, [Music] he can change you. He can deliver you. He's able to set you free. As we see the world falling apart, we see the world fell apart in the first advent and the Analuvian world when the world was over flooded and the rains fell in the days of Noah. We saw the condition of man heart imagination and thought of man heart was continually evil. And God said he repented me that I made man. God will look down now at the church world and at our conditions tonight. Would God be pleased with us tonight? Will God say I'm pleased? You're not pleased then. And I don't believe it's pleased now. It's time to get right with God. It's time to surrender your life. [Music] We see the corruption of politics, the corruption of religion, the whole world system is corrupt. We see the moral decay. We see the political decay and we see the religious life decay. The world has come to its end. There's no turning around for the world. But you have your opportunity. The world has gone too far to come back to God. But you have your opportunity. Nation will not return. The world would not repent, but you can repent. [Music] You can say yes to the Lord. Amen. You can say, Lord, you can make a difference in my life. Yes, God. You can change [Music] my wretched condition. I want Jesus to come into my heart as we stand today. Thank God for the word. He'll meet you where you're at. [Music] And he's not coming to criticize you. He's coming to help you. He'll meet you there. Yes, I can hear Sister Irene saying, "Where you're running, center, you can't hide, center, you can't hide. Where you running? You can't hide. We need to run to God. [Music] Hallelujah. As I head to about heart to look into it, I wonder tonight. Is there a place of repentance in you? Can you find place? [Music] Do you feel the need of repentance? A need of God. A deeper walk, closer walk. Do you see that need? Will you take heed to the need tonight? For God is calling someone tonight. It's just not a coincidence, but God calls. Will you answer the call? With our heads are bowed, hearts are looking to him. Has God spoke to you? Do you see a need? If there's a room today for God to come in, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. There's room. Come in. Thank you. Thank you. I invite you in, Lord. I I want to empty out. I want you to fill me up, Lord. I want to surrender my my all to you, Lord. I haven't been giving you all, but here I am, Lord. I want you to have all of me. Yes, Lord. Come, Lord. Come, Lord, and make your part, Lord. I, God, I don't know how to fix things in my life, but Lord, you know how to do it. Do it for me, Lord. Oh, God. I brought a potter on the clay. Yes. Moment make me what you want me to be. God, I'm in your hand, Lord. Have your will and way. I pray in Jesus name. How many want him to do it? God, do it for me. Lord, please do it for me. Fill me with your spirit, Lord. I need the power. I need the Holy Ghost. I need the fire. God, I need to be stirred. Lord, I want to be on fire for you. I want you now. I want to give you all I got. Yes, Lord. Thank you. Thank you. Somebody praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Somebody praise him. Hallelujah. Lord, I thank you. Lord, I praise you. Lord, I love you. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] You need a Hallelujah. Just come and sing a little bit of a song. [Music] If you got to sing the same one you sang Sunday, that'll be all right. Jesus know [Music] you're proud of that you become [Music] [Music] Jesus said If you lean on Jesus said if you lean on me. For Jesus said I won't let you fall. If you lean on me. Oh Jesus said it. If you lean on me. Jesus said it if you lean on me. Oh Jesus said you I won't let you fall into I will bear your burden. Oh, I will bear your burden if you leave. Oh, I'll bear your burden if you leave. I won't let you fall. Say, I will bear your burden if you Oh, I will bear your burden if you Oh, I will bear your burden if you leave. I won't let you fall. [Music] Oh, you don't have to worry. Oh, you don't have to worry if you Oh, you don't have to worry if you I won't let you fall. If you leave, oh, you don't have to worry if you Oh, you don't have to worry if you Oh, you don't have to worry if you I won't let you fall. Oh, Jesus. Jesus said if you said you I won't let you fall. You you don't have to you don't have to worry. Oh, you don't have to worry if you Oh, you don't have to worry if you I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I will let you I won't let you. I won't let you. I will let you. I will let you. I won't let you. I won't let you. You don't have to worry. You don't have to. I won't let you go. I will let you be the I won't let you fall if you need. He said he never leave you nor forsake you. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's just bow. Lord, we thank you, Lord, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, you say you'd never leave us nor forsake us. Lord, you always be be there with us, Lord. And we praise you. We thank you. We love you for it. Just bless us now, oh God, as we go our separate ways. Give each one travel and mercy now. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. [Music]
