################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - Pastor H. Simmons “The Body Without the Spirit is Dead” - H Simmons.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   Pastor H. Simmons: “The Body Without the Spirit is Dead”
Speaker: H Simmons
Church:  Bride Tabernacle of Columbia SC
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RrFrv_idv-A
========================================

Description:
Join us in person for:
Bible Study Tuesday @ 7-8pm
Sunday School Sunday 9:30 am

Virtual & In Person:
Friday @ 7:30pm
Sunday @ 10:30am
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] jelly bean. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Goodbye. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hello. Thank you. [Music] I give myself [Music] away. I give myself away so you can use. I give myself [Music] away. Amen. I give myself away Lord you. Lord you right there. I give [Music] [Music] myself away. myself away for you. Amen. [Music] I see my life. to see I Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, heat, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Give myself away. Give myself [Music] away. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] and may we ask brother Fred if he'd open us to a word of prayer. [Music] afraid. Heavenly Father, we thank you for allowing us to summon ourselves together again. Lord, we ask Lord that you would just come and be on our best. Lord, we know Lord we can't do anything without you, Lord. And ask Lord that you would just take him by the hand and and lead us and guide us like the word said we would. We realize Lord that when you came that you was the chief cornerstone and and you were rejected and the cornerstone become the headstone. And I realize Lord if we don't have the headstone we can't have anything that God got for us. Lord, I ask you, Lord, that you just come in our midst, Lord, and get inside of our hearts, Lord, and give us that spirit day, oh God. And most of all, Lord, show yourself alive in us. Reveal yourself to us, Lord. So, at this hour, Lord, we need to see a true and living God. Oh, God. We ask you Lord that you would just strengthen us Lord and bless the musicians and bless the songs that being sung and and most of all Lord let the word come in power and demonstration. Let it be like those those men was on the road to Amazon the way glorify yourself in our midst. We ask these things in the name of Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior. Amen. [Music] This is the day. This is the day that the Lord have made. That the Lord have made. I I will rejoice. I I will rejoice and be glad in it. Heat. Heat. This is the day that the Lord. This is the day. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has. Thank the Lord for I will rejoice. I will be glad and be glad. I will be glad. This is the day. This is the day that I have been born. Now, this is the day. Amen. This is the day. This is the day that the Lord have made. Jesus. I will rejoice. I will and be glad in it and be glad. I will rejoice and be glad in this world. This is the day. This is the day. Say again. This is the day. This is This is the day. This This is the day. This is the day that the Lord has me. I will lift his gates. I will pray. I will be glad. He made me glad. Heat. Heat. And I will rejoice for he made me glad. He made me glad. Oh he made me he made me glad. Oh I will for me glad. He made me glad. Jesus made me glad. I will I will rejoice for he made me glad. I will I will rejoice. He have made me glad. Glad I will rejoice for Heath made me glad. Amen. He made me glad. Glad glad. [Music] Uh-oh. Rene going to get on me. Amen. Give me a Lord key, bro. Uh-oh. I'm so happy. Oh, so happy. Oh, happy. Happy. Happy. I'm so happy. Oh, so happy. Jesus. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Oh, so happy. Amen. Happy. Happy. Happy, happy. I'm so happy. Jesus, he is mine. He is mine. He mine. Joy in my soul. He is my life. He is mine. Jesus Christ is mine. Amen. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Happy. I'm so happy. Amen. Happy Jesus. I am happy. Thank the Lord. Jesus is Jesus is the Oh, he is mine. Oh, joy in my soul. He in my mind. He is mine. Jesus is the He is mine. Oh, joy in my soul. He in my mind, my mind. He is mine. Oh, Jesus is a friend of mine. Jesus is a Jesus is a friend of mine. My Jesus is a friend of mine. Amen. So happy. So happy. Amen. We're going to ask the girls to come up. They got a little testimony. They want to do a song this morning. Amen. [Music] [Music] Okay. So, last week was finals weekend. So, you know, you take the test and you get your grade and then you pass or not. So, I took my the hardest exam I took this semester was for my business calc. And I tell you, I was studying hard. I had a study buddy with me. We we p we every day. So, I take the test Thursday and yesterday I finally looked at my grade for the total of the class. My grade came up to a 69.76. That is one point away from passing with a C. I was upset. I went to mom. I said, "I don't know what to do. We're going to have to change my summer classes cuz I need this math class to in order to keep going." And then we were trying to figure everything out. And mom was like, "Just email them." I said, "I can't do that." And she said, "Why not? Just email them and ask. You're one point away. just ask for the point. I said that can't happen because that won't happen because there's this girl in my class, she had there they had a rule that if you made a certain average on a test throughout the whole semester, you could exempt the final. And this girl, she had the right p the right answer on her paper, but she circled the wrong one. Like she had all the work and it led up to the right answer, but she circled the wrong one. And when she asked him if he could just, you know, excuse that mistake cuz the answer was right there. He said no. And I said, "Well, how is he going to give me a C?" He told her no. When she clearly proved that she knew what to do for that answer. So mom said, "Just email him." So I emailed him. In the email, I was like, "Hello, you probably don't know me. I was in your class though. I was attentive. I asked questions when I had them. My name is Grace. I mean, you know, please, if there's anything I need to do to prove that I deserve one point, just let me know. And uh, you know, I sent it in the email and everything and I was like, I'm going on vacation. I'm not really going to stress about this. So yesterday in the kitchen, I was sitting down and this morning I was in the kitchen and Joy was near my phone and she was like, "Grace," he said, "he'll give you a C." I was like, "Yeah." Yeah. And all he said was, "I will give you a C." That was it. I said, "Oh my gosh, thank you, Lord. Now I don't have to fail a class." Yeah. So, we wanted to sing this song. I'm looking for a miracle. I expect the impossible. I see the invisible. I feel the invisible. I'm looking for a miracle. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, there I am. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Lord. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. I don't know if that's a miracle, but it was favor in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. We had announcements. [Music] Praise the Lord everybody. Praise the Lord. God is a miracle working God, isn't he? Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise. [Music] I'd like to welcome everybody to Brad Tabernacle this morning. Jesus Christ Tabernacle, our brother Anderson will be having his third annual youth and family camp June the 5th through the 8th. And you can register by May the May the 9th this month. Today will be a memorial service for Venus Livingston. public viewing be will be here from 4 to 6 pm and mark your calendars. Our annual um tent revival revival will be August the 28th through the 31st. And I'd like to congratulate well joint congratulations to our sister Aaliyah Simmons and sister Hannah Lee. Let's give him a hand of a praise. Smile. Smile Aaliyah. Amen. Amen. And the graduation dinner will be May the 18th at 300 p.m. and that would be our joint two. Amen. On a prayer request will be Zamir Crawford, Warner Gillard, Isetta Anderson, Adamine Legette, Livingston Jameson family. And like for everybody to join us for every week, Sunday school every Sunday from 9:30 a.m. to 10:00 and every Tuesday from 7:00 to 8:00 p.m. And our study topics, we're still on the first first seal in Revelation 6. Like for everybody to enjoy the remaining of the service in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You're welcome. to let us stand. Lord God, we thank you for allowing us to come into your presence once again, Lord, for thanksgiving of joy. And God, we we enjoy seeing you move and move through your peoples, Lord, in miracles and want signs and wonders, Lord. We thank you for it, Lord. We pray that you continue to bless the services here. Lord, bless Brother Simmons as you get out of the way so you may speak to your peoples, Lord. Bless those who are listening in and those who are traveling. And Lord, continue to get glory out of our worship. We love you. We adore you, Lord, in all things. In Jesus Christ name we thank you for all things. Let the church say amen. Amen. [Music] Thank you. [Music] [Music] [Music] I can depend on God. I can depend on God. I can depend on God. Oh, I can't Oh, through the rain. Yes, I can. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. I can't. I can't. Oh, through the sun, through the rain. I can't. I can't. Oh, yes I can. Oh, I can. Oh, I can. Oh, yes, I can. Oh, I can't do the Oh, I can't. Yes, I can. Oh, the rain. Oh, I can. Yes, I can. Oh, yes, I can. Oh, I can. Oh, I [Music] can't. Oh, I can't. Oh, through the rain. to the rain. Oh, I can't I can't I can't Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't defend. I can't. I can't defend. Yes, I can defend. You don't know my story. what he's done for me. Yes, I can. Yes, I can. Oh, God has been too good. Yes, he's been too kind. Yes, he's been too good. Yes, he's been too kind. When I needed him the most when I needed him the most. Yes, I could defend. Yes, I can. Yes, I can. Oh, I can defend. Yes, I can. Yes, I can. Oh, through the snow, through the rain, through the sickness. Oh, I can't. I can't. Oh, yes, I can. Heat. Yes, I can. We thank God for everyone that press your way out this morning and we just appreciate the Lord Jesus Christ. Let us just stand at this time and let's remember those that on the prayer list and let's just pray for uh Hope the Livingston family. Let's hope grandmother family and sister hope there. Okay, let's just Father, in the precious name of Jesus Christ, we thank you again for being here this morning with us, Lord. Yes. For you said when two or three are gathered in my name, there I will be in the midst. So Lord God, we welcome your presence. Lord, we pray Lord that you would say something, do something that would cause us, oh God, to draw nigh unto you. And you said you would draw nigh unto us. So, Father, I pray, God, that you would touch the sick and afflicted, those on the prayer list, little brother Crawford, Lord, oh God, they're trying to feed him, Lord. So, Father, we pray God that you would work things out, Lord. God, you've done it thus far. And Lord, you that begun a good work, you you're able to complete it, Lord. So, Father, I just pray, God, this morning, God, that you would minister to each and every one of our needs in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. The book of James, the 2nd chapter, the 26th verse. I was just looking over some things and message Noah. It's not Amen. And something really came into my spirit real strong and I trust that I'll be able to share it with you. I don't know if the words can properly explain but I thought on this scripture here for as the body without the spirit is dead so faith without works is dead. Amen. May God bless you his word. You may be seated. You know, I thought about so many times people lay before the altar and we say that they are dead because the spirit is gone. Sometimes people lie in the hospital and and they said they're not breathing on their own. They're gone. They they're passed. But sometimes through a incubator or machine, you're able to, you know, prolong the time. And sometimes it's they look at the brain and see whether or not it's functioning and it's not functioning. And then it says it's brain dead. So we got all kind of medical terminologies concerning what death is and when death is determined. And with all these different types of medical terminologies through scientific means, there's a spiritual application that we would like to apply here this morning. And I just want to talk to you a little bit and and I trust I won't be long. But it came so look like I just spontaneously in my spirit. The body without the spirit is dead. I'm just saying what part of you, you know, because sometimes most of our attraction, most of the things we do, uh, we're concerned about it is the body. And uh what makes us so concerned about the body, how it looks, because if it does not have the spirit, it's dead. And I thought about Ephesians 2 as we look into the spiritual application which we're trying to get there. Ephesians 2 and one it begins to say about death, spiritual death. Because we can look at what we think about in the natural death, the body without the spirit is dead. I I had the opportunities many times to see almost like you see something just go up out of the body and it just goes and all of a sudden person just out. I remember one time I working in a hospital I seen the spirit just and the person became stiff right away. Boom. In a few seconds we call cold blue and everybody getting ready just come back. Just came back. I says, "Oh, before you could start doing CPR or whatever and trying to revive him, he just came back." That's how quick we can go and God can bring us back if he wish choose to. Amen. Amen. But life is somewhat like a vapor. It's here today, it's gone tomorrow. And I just wonder and this is uh the point I was dealing with the mind. The mind is see we were talking about uh the breath of life that we have somewhat he says it didn't come from God but it was permitted by God. The life that we have when we come in this world, we were born in sin shaped in iniquity. So it was permitted by God. Are you so God gave us we have a we're living because God permits us to by permission because it didn't come forth right. We were born in sin shapen in iniquity come to the world it say speaking lies or whatever. So we by nature were the children of wrath. Amen. We were enemies in our minds by wicked works. We were against God contrary to God. Now, why would God permit that kind of nature to come or that kind of spirit to come in the world? I think God had a way even through that God had people that he forneew that he had for known before the foundation of the world. Amen. that would come forth in the world as sinners, but God will make a way of escape. This corruptible, this corrupt nature, corrupt mind. Now we know that the body is the physical. It's dust, dirt. Dust th and dust thou shalt return. naked came out of the word, naked shall I return and so forth. But what do we really why do we spend so much time glorifying dust? Amen. Because it's not the dust so much that controls our life. It's the spirit. It is the spirit that controls our life. Cuz this body Amen. without the spirit is dead. But I heard the scripture said, "We must be renewed in the spirit of our mind." Are you with me? In other words, he said on one occasion, "If any man be in Christ, he's a new creation." Amen. I I'll get there hope hopefully. But he said, "And you has he made alive at Quicken who were dead in trespass and sin, when in time past you walk according to the what?" See, he he he talks about your walk, the way you live, that he he styles that you were dead. Are you with me? Amen. You were dead without the spirit of God in you, then you are actually dead. Amen. Spiritually spiritual death. So being spiritually dead people because they have a permitted life, God has permitted you to exist on this earth by permission. Are you with me? Because the day they ate of the tree, that's the day they died. Don't touch it. Don't eat it. If you do, you'll die. Are you with me? They sinned and they died spiritually. Are you with me? And as a sinner, if God has made a way like he did for Adam, he made a way for you and I. Amen. He has made a way for us. That we don't have to stay in the condition that we were born in. Amen. Amen. That's why Jesus told Nicodemus you must He didn't say you might or you uh you can't. He said you must be born again. If you expect to see the kingdom of heaven if you expect to enter into the kingdom of God, you must be born again. Amen. Why? Because our first birth that was permitted when we were born, we were born in sin. Amen. Sometimes I said we were still born. We were born dead. Are you with me? We said cuz sometimes people are dead and don't know they dead. Amen. And you and I Amen. thought we were living but we were dead. Dead in our sins. Amen. Without the spirit of God, you're spiritually dead. Amen. Amen. So, who would want what can we do with somebody when they dead? You got that? What? Are you with me? So, he says, "You walk according to the course of this world." Are you with me? Amen. The world will uh cause you to walk a certain way. Hallelujah. It'll cause you to walk a certain way. Carry yourself in a certain way. Amen. But I want you to understand that this body ain't nothing but dust. Amen. So you you got long hair, short hair, no hair. It don't make a difference. Amen. The body without the spirit is dead. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. Some folk, white, black, yellow, brown, blue, black, uh it doesn't make a difference. The body without the spirit is dead. Amen. You know, it was said concerning a a sculpture that made a sculpture uh of Jesus, I think it was. And uh and the sculpture did such a job. And everybody that looked at the sculpture, they looked at it and they said, "Boy, I wonder what the uh sculpture had in mind." what the artist had in mind when he made the sculpture. The people just wagged their head and looked at it. Wonder what they had in mind when they made Oh, this in other words, they thought this this sculpture or this person that did this, what a what a mess they made. And then so somebody walked up, this man and his wife, somebody walked up to him and says, "Sir, um, I know what you're thinking." He said, he said, "Yeah, I wonder what this sculpture, what this person was thinking when they made this sculpture." And he said, "Yes, everybody that looks at it, most people think, "Oh, what a terrible job or whatever." You know, man, you know, then he says, "Well, you know, he said, "Well, you're looking at it wrong." You know, so often in times in life, we can be looking at God from the wrong place. We can be looking at things wrong. Amen. You know, so many times you see I don't see see what that thing see God to a lot of people is not attractive. It don't look beautiful. It don't it don't look like something that you know would attract your attention would you would you you know you would esteem to be you know uh but he said you're looking at it wrong then he says let me show you something because they were at a distance he said come on and he took them closer and then in the closeness you got to get down and you look up. And when they looked up, ah, what a beautiful sight. And see, sometimes you got to get down and look up. Amen. Are you a friend? But as long as you are far off and looking, it don't look like something you understand. What? What? You know what God has in mind for you and I in our lives? Amen. What how you know it don't look so beautiful. Hallelujah. But when we get down and look up, oh what glory. Amen. Oh what beauty. Amen. says it's like in a man that does not have the spirit of God. He's a far off and he looks at God. If you don't have the spirit of God, you look at God and he may not be so beautiful. You might not understand why is it lack because of the way you act. Because you're so far off. That's right. Amen. There was no beauty to be desired of him. Amen. Yet he was wounded for our transgression. Amen. Yet he was bruised for our iniquities. Amen. It's where you at. Amen. Long as you fall off, but you got to come on up here. Amen. Amen. And get down and start looking up. Amen. Amen. When I look to the heels. Amen. Amen. From which cometh to my heart. Yes, Jesus. Amen. I look to heaven. Amen. I'm looking up. Hallelujah. Amen. But in order for me to look up, I got to get down. To see what God has for me. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. But as long as I'm a far off, I can't see it. Amen. Amen. What God has in store for them to love him. Amen. It takes that the spirit of God. Amen. To see and understand the things of God. Amen. I wish somebody would just get come and be humble enough to get down. Oh yes. And look up and see God's glory. Amen. Hallelujah. Some people trying to understand God from a distance sometimes. Amen. They're trying to understand God through their reasoning. Amen. But you can't get you can't see him that way. Amen. Amen. You can't see him. It's only one way you're going to see God. That is by faith. Amen. You got to have faith. Amen. To believe that God is. Amen. And he's he's a rewarder of them that will seek him. Amen. You got to get in that place. Now I I I said that you know it's it's our mindset. It's not your outside beautiful beauty that makes you beautiful because you're just dirt. You're just dust. So I don't care how much you fix it up. Somebody can fall in love with it. But if the spirit go out of it, you're dead. Oh, I know. I Yeah, you know that the spirit goes out of it, you see how rotten you are. Amen. And then and if you're not careful, you'll find yourself stinking cuz I'll tell you the worst kind of smell you can smell is the the uh somebody to start to mortify. And I went to see somebody and I didn't know how to undertake. He said, "You don't want to go in here." And went to see my uncle. He says he's already start they in bonding but yet they didn't really do a good job. I said yeah I seen autopsies and all kind of stuff so I can I can stand it boy. I went in there and what I smelled went inside of me. It must have stayed with me look like months because even though I've seen autopsies and all of that, but I never saw I never smelled something that was so mortified. And uh you know you you can smell a dead dog when you're going by the highway or or a deer or something, but a human smell look like it's worse, you know? So I'm saying when you dead and you can get so rotten in your spirit, your spirit becomes so rotten and so stink. That's why he says sins stink in the nostrils of God. It smells, you know. So when when you when you a sinner, God, it it it has a smell to it. That's why the old people say, "You smelling what?" just I didn't want to say that in the pull pit, but y'all said it. But but by the grace of God, let me tell you, get to this point. I'm going to have to skip over here and go to Romans 12 because I want you to know because sometimes we're not conscious. We're not conscious. And I and it looked like it was magnified to me. Uh today uh you know we're not conscious because we are always I mean you can't tell the average young person that you know they about this body because they put on a a a couple hundred pair of tennis shoes or something. Lord have mercy. the tennis shoes, maybe put on a nice uh tuxeda suit and go to weeping and bopping. That's old timey talk. But but think they cool and all this and all that. But that ain't I mean that's just a all that drama on dust dirt. So when the body don't have the spirit, it's dirt. It ain't nothing it. And I don't care what you do to it to doctor it up and make it look all pretty and bomb it good, but it's still dirt. Are you with me? Amen. Cuz the life done gone out the body. And the life when it goes out of the body is dead. And I I I want you I want you to know that the life that I'm talking about is eternal life. Amen. Amen. A life that cannot die. Death don't have control over this life. Amen. If a man liveth and believeth in me, he shall never die. Amen. Amen. Not only that, I'm I'm going to take this corruptible body and I'm going to give him an incorruptible body. Are you with me? I'm going to I I don't need this corruptible. I'm going to put on incorruption. Amen. This was just a mere image, a shadow of what I was to be. Amen. And a shadow ain't the real thing. Amen. Are you a man? Amen. But your character, your character, the spirit that's being formed in you as a Christian is the spirit of the God Christ is being formed in you. Amen. And if Christ is being formed in you, Amen. you must be transformed. Cuz until you are transformed, it it all all all the Christian walk becomes law and it brings you into bondage because Amen. you are under the law because you're not under the life, eternal life. Amen. So when the church say you can't do this and you can't do that and don't do this or the word said it's all law to you because you cannot understand the things that be of God because you don't have the spirit of God and you're not subject to the things of the spirit amen of God. Amen. You won't subject yourself to the things of the spirit of God. You're not going to humble yourself. Amen. But when you have the spirit of God, it's easy. Amen. Not to do certain things. Amen. Amen. Amen. It's easy that you're not tempted to wear. Uh oh. A woman should not wear that retainer to a man. Oh, so she not supposed to put on pants. You're not tempted by that because why? You got another spirit in you. Amen. Amen. Amen. You want to do that which is right. Amen. Nobody has to preach to you, you can't do this or you can't do that. You don't want to do it. Why? Because you got a new nature. So you love doing the things of God, it's easier to do the things of God. But if your spirit is not right in the inside, Amen. Let me let me let me let me tell you something. You know, we think the Holy Spirit is just a thing or just a something. But I I it is the spirit of God that we are talking about that controls your mind. Amen. The way you think. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. He said, "Let this mind be in you. In you that was also in Christ." Also in Christ. Now, you know, you can be told, Amen. This is what we stand for as a bride of Jesus Christ, as a Christian. And I can tell you you you're not supposed to do this. You're not supposed to do that. You can't go here. You can't go there. But if you had the spirit of God in you, you wouldn't want to do this or that. And you wouldn't want to go there here and there. Amen. Amen. You wouldn't want to Amen. walk around naked. Amen. Amen. Little clothes on showing yourself. Amen. Amen. Like you want everybody to see old dead flesh. Amen. Amen. Rotten stuff. Amen. Praise God. When you trying to kill somebody with it. Amen. They cause spiritually death to hit somebody and look on on a woman and lust after her causing him to what? Commit what? Adultery. Isn't that right? So you trying to kill people? Are you with me? See, some people are death traps. They dead and they trying to kill everybody that can. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. So the Bible said in in Proverbs 7, I think he said her house is the way to hell going down into the chambers of death. Are you Are you with me? Amen. So So you want to go to her house? He said those that simple Amen. the supper man. He he he going to go the way of her house. She said he said in the twilight she caught him. She he found she found a man simple young man full void of understanding. Are you with me? Amen. But when you got when you got the Holy Ghost, praise God, you're not simple no more. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. You got something to keep you. Amen. You're not running after. Amen. Amen. I got to I got to stop there. Amen. But Romans uh 12. See, if your mind is not right, your spirit is not right, but your mind is not going to be right. Amen. I don't care how good the preacher preached. I don't care what church you in. I don't care uh what you say you believe. You got to have the spirit of God to love God, right? Amen. Amen. Amen. Uh the the you're born loving the world. Amen. And the things of the world. Amen. But when you're born again, he said, "Love not the world, neither the things of what?" Therein. For all that is in the world is what? The lust of lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes and the what? Pride of life. Pride of life. These things are not of the father but of the what? World. Isn't that right? So when you love the world, Amen. You're going to actually cater to the things that are temporal and not the things that are eternal. Amen. Amen. Amen. But you must put on the new man which is created in Christ Jesus unto good works. Amen. Amen. When you put on the new man, then you put on his divine nature. Amen. Amen. So you have a new nature. You were by nature the children of wrath and the children of disobedience. But when you put on the new man, you put on his divine nature. Amen. Your appetite change when you Amen. when you get inside of Christ, when you receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It's so many people think they got the Holy Ghost because they shouted, they spoke in tongue, they felt something. But Amen. You got to be ordained to eternal life. Amen. Amen. You can have the Holy Ghost on your flesh, on your spirit, but down in the soul, you can be full of the devil. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. So you want the Holy Spirit of body, soul, and spirit. Lord, I want you to baptize me completely. Emerge me. Amen. I want my cup to run over. I want all of you, Lord. Praise God. Take all of me. Consume me, Lord. In your glory, Lord. Consume me, Lord. Amen. I want you to have all of me. Amen. Praise God. Some people just give God a a portion. It's all right to have this much, this much, but I, you know, I ain't ignorant. I got to have common sense. Ain't nobody going to control me. No man, no church, nobody controlling me. So, I I I'm just going to do what I feel led to do. You don't need the Holy Ghost. just go on and do your thing because God ain't g He don't do that. He don't want all or nothing. True. Amen. You don't dictate to God. Are you with me? You don't tell God what? Uh-uh. All or nothing. Amen. And that's why people people do like they got they got to say so in the matter. Are you with me? Faith does not try to explain. Faith just what? Believes. Amen. When you have faith in God, you just believe what he's saying. Amen. Amen. We don't try to explain it. We don't try to reason with it. When you have faith in God, Amen. You just believe what he's saying. Amen. Amen. Lord, I believe it. Amen. And the body without the spirit is dead. And faith without what? Works is dead. Work works is dead. Amen. If you're not going to put your faith in action is dead. Amen. Are you with me? Let me go and read this verse and I better quit. But uh before I quit, I want this you to understand this one point. It says, "I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God that you present what? Your bodies. Now this you see here this the dirt this body your body is a living sacrifice because this is what got people all you know you got all kind of racial tensions and all one black one right all that kind of stuff man some folks need to be repainted or something get away all that prejudice out of their heart just Lord just make me over or something. You know, it's something about people get stuck on things that don't even matter. Are you a man? Amen. The important thing is your soul. Amen. And where your soul is going to spend eternity. Amen. Where you going to get right with God? So you present your body as a living sacrifice. What are you sacrificing? I said that the other Sunday. What are you sacrificing? Are you just doing what you want to do, going where you want to go, living like you want to live, or you present your bodies as a living sacrifice? That's why, you know, let me stay with these pants for for females. That's a sacrifice in this world where everybody's wearing it. Everybody's all made up. We got a earring in the nose, earring in the lips, earring I mean uh piercing this and tattooing that and all of that. Everything God tell you not to do, they doing it. So here it says that you might prove the sacrifice holy and accept holy. Nobody want to be holy no more. That's what brother Nathan told me the other other night, other day. He says, "Brother 7, you know something? Nobody want people don't want to be holy no more. Matter of fact, they done lost the meaning of holiness. Back in the old back anytime a person was go into a holiness church, a sanctified church, anywhere you you you call people Holy Ghost fil the women, no makeup, no earrings, no no cutting their hair, all of that stuff. when they were holy, everybody, church of God, church of God in Christ, uh, sanctified church, uh, uh, Pentecostal church, anybody that was holy, all the, everybody, white, black, no matter who you was, Spanish, whatever, everybody look alike, you can tell that's a sanctified person there. Right. right off. But now holiness, well, I wonder why those people were holy back then and the holiness is taking on another meaning now. Are you with me? Amen. Holiness has taken on another grandmama holy and all those folk was holy and it took on another meaning when the other 2000 came in look like they just forgot about what holiness is was. They got another definition. We're supposed to be sanctified. We supposed to be separated from the world and the things of the world. Amen. We supposed to look different, talk different, live different. Amen. Amen. Holiness. Amen. Is a price. We want to be identified. Bless. We want to be identified with the rest of the world. Holy and acceptable to God, which is your what? reasonable service and be not what this world conformed to this world. Don't don't don't you conform yourself after this world. Amen. But be you what? Transformed by the what? Renewing of your mind. That's what I want to to close out in. Your mindset, how you think. Amen. Amen. See, you can't have the mind of Christ without the spirit of Christ. Yes. You can't even think like Christ without his spirit. Amen. So, you're going to think like a dead person, dead in trespassing, sin. You're going to think like an enemy of God, somebody that is against God. You can't help yourself. Amen. Things that you want to do, it's going to be the things that the world dictates. Amen. the prince and the power of the air. It's going to be what the devil said do. You going to say, "Well, uh, I I just No. No. He said, uh-uh, don't tell me that the God will lead you to do something contrary to the word." Amen. Amen. So, the people have trouble and I know they have trouble and and that's why I don't understand because people, Amen. can't take no pressure. Now we living in a a a in a world where just a little bit pressure cause oppression almost to lose their mind. Are you with me? So I I I I wish would to God that people just get the Holy Spirit and let the spirit of God take over and they have the mind of Christ to want to do the things of Christ. Amen. Amen. Because this body without the spirit is dead. So the mind it it hits me so hard in my spirit. I mean it just like something came in the room and said here here it is. Said here it is. I said it's a presence that came in the room. It say here it is. I said oh God what is this said? Tap into this. Tap into it. I said this is dead. It's the way that people think. The way you think. That's why you do the things you do. Amen. Amen. The control tower. Who's running? Who's running the ship? Amen. Who's running? Who Who's in control of your life? Amen. Why you think like you think? Amen. Why you do like you do? Because it's the spirit. Amen. Amen. Then I could see something come in. This is there's anointing. said that's why people not heal. That's why people not delivering because they got to let you have control. Their mind is so twisted. Amen. Amen. But they got to surrender their mind. Amen. Surrender themselves to God. Amen. And let God be in control of their thinking. Yes. Amen. That's right. Amen. Be renewed in the spirit of your what? Mind. Transformed by the renewing of your mind. Amen. Amen. When God can control your mind. Yes, sir. Amen. Things are going to change in your life. Amen. Amen. Amen. You're going to think different. You're going to live different. But you got to recognize that there's an enemy to you. Amen. that controls your thinking. Amen. Amen. Are you Are you with me? Amen. And you got to say, "I'm willing to surrender." Hallelujah. Amen. To God and let God have my mind. Amen. Amen. Yes, Lord. But if I don't, I'm going to be an enemy against God. Amen. I'm going to be a war I warned against God. Amen. As long as I long as I can put my two cent in it. As long as I can be in in thinking that I'm in control. You're not in control. Amen. It's the spirit and it's the nature of the enemy. It's the devil that's controlling you. I'm saying to you, the devil is in control of your life and you are letting him be in control. Amen. You choose that. Amen. You want it to be so. Amen. Because it's up to you to not want it. Amen. Amen. Amen. People so all the time asking me to pray for them. Pray for me. I said, "Okay, I pray a little simple prayer." I said, "But look the you don't want to be saved. You want prayer. I'm going through so much. I want prayer." But you don't want God. Amen. What you want? You want to play, you know, like like the woman, I want your paycheck, but I don't love you. Jesus. Jesus. Come on. You mean to tell me you don't love me and you want my money? What's wrong with her? She want my money but don't love me. Huh? Jesus. We want what God can give us but we don't want him. We want to be healed. We want to Amen. our life to be better but we don't want God. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. The lifegiver. Amen. The thing that can change everything. Amen. The God that is able. to heal and deliver. Amen. To save and to set free, Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. I want him. Uh, God, can you can you just give me a raise on the job and a little bit more money? And I need a new car. I need this. I need that. But I don't want you now. I I I don't I I I want what he can give me, but I don't want him. And that's the way folks give give me give me give me but I I I don't want I don't want to marry you. I want to use you. Are you with me? Then she go tell all her friends and neighbor all the friends and neighbors I don't love him. I just want what he got. Are you with me? So by by the grace of God, don't do God like that. You can't do him like that and get away with it. Amen. You God give you life, give you health, and give you strength and and bless you every day. Every day. And then you he he reigns on the just and the unjust. Amen. He ain't never done you wrong. Amen. And won't never do you wrong. He'll do you right. Amen. Amen. But it's up to you. Amen. Well, am I willing to go all the way with God? Amen. Amen. Amen. Am I just playing playing around like these people play church all the time? Just play, you know. And that's why they think, "Ah, next thing all the preacher have to do is say something they don't like." I said, "Man, you ain't serving no preacher." What you get all mad at the preacher? You ain't serving him anyway. Amen. Oh, you man is a man. He make mistakes just like you. Amen. Are you with me? But I Come on. What God do you like that? The minute you go make a mistake, God say just knock you down. Are you with me? Because God is merciful. Isn't that right? Amen. But people don't give one another a break. Amen. But they want all the breaks that God can give them. Amen. Amen. Let's let's just try to be kind one to another and love one another even though sometime we all might fall short sometime. But just love one another. Are you with me? Amen. And and love a what? Cover what? Yeah. Yeah. You you you'll cover cuz you love them. Amen. Amen. You don't kick your children out the minute they do something, you tell them not to do it. Get out of this house. Go get your No. No. No. You don't do that. Amen. You know, you have a little patient with them, right? You give them a chance to become correct themselves. Amen. They do better. Ain't that right? Somebody said, "No, don't give them no chance. Just kick them out." Okay. God bless you. I hope you do that. I hope you be a little merciful. Amen. Have mercy on one another. Be kind, tenderhearted one towards another. Are you Is that all right? Amen. And when I'm doing that, then people say, "Well, you you haven't respect the person. I hope I sometimes I'm making wrong judgments, but God going to see my heart and he's able to correct it." Isn't that right? Amen. And I'm saying to you, sometimes you might in your best effort make wrong judgments. Are you with me? Amen. And you might make the wrong decision. Sometimes you prayed about it and you didn't get an answer, so you just acted on to the best of your ability. Are you with me? Amen. because you didn't want maybe your child to hurt, but the decision that you was making wasn't in their best interest. It wasn't what best for them. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. So you you you want you want what the word say, you want to stand on it. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. But you want to uh uh tell the people the truth. Amen. But you want to have wisdom in how you say it. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. Just don't lay the hammer every time. It don't take that. Sometimes it takes a loving kindness have I drawn thee. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. Sometimes we we only love when it's concerning somebody that we love. How about your enemy? Can you have that same loving kindness with them? Somebody that you don't even know. Can you have that same compassion? God bless you. I just This is talk this morning, but I trust that something said that help us. Amen. Because the greatest thing I saw healing, I saw miracles when I saw the mind. Amen. You don't love with your body. I don't care how good your body. You don't love with your body. I don't care how beautiful your So don't use going out. You don't love with your body. You love with your what? Spirit, your mind. Are you with me? Amen. Cuz your body is just laying there dead. So you don't fall in love with a body because you don't love with the body. That's why it's very important that you have character. Amen. Are you with me? Because you don't think with your body. Are you with me? Amen. Your thinking in your mind. Are you with me? Your body is just it's just a house that you your spirit dwell in it. Your soul is in the body. Are you with me? But the body itself is just a vessel. Are you with me? So think on that. The body that you spend all the money on and dress it all up. It's not you dress. It's the spirit that you entertaining. That's why you're doing these things. Amen. It's the spirit that you're entertaining. Some spirit are driving you to do certain things and you got to see where it's coming from. Amen. Where's the spirit coming from? Beneath or from above? Amen. Amen. Where is it coming from? Amen. I got I got to check out my spirit because this body here, it said it has a need. I have a need. I have a need of a wife. I have a need of a husband. I have a need of this. But actually, the body don't need it. It's the spirit in you that is saying I need. Are you with me? But you got to listen closely to the spirit and see whether it's coming from God or it's coming from beneath. Are you with me? Amen. So friends, brothers and sisters, young people, remember the body without the spirit is dead. God bless you. Thank you. Let us [Music] stand. Don't let the devil fool you that the body is so beautiful, so this and that. That's a spirit that gets on you that puts emphasis on the flesh and not on the spirit man. Have you thinking about beneath and not above [Music] let God lead you. Father, in the precious name of Jesus Christ, I thank you, Lord. [Music] Lord, I hope that it makes sense this morning. I hope you can. I trust you can get our thinking right. [Music] That we can think like you would have us to think. [Music] that the spirit that controls us might be the Holy Spirit. Yes. And not our own. Father, I just pray that you we want to come closer to you, Lord, and we want to look up where we can see your true image and your likeness that we want to be like you, Lord. As our heads are bowed, hearts are looking to him. I wonder this morning, there's something said, have you given Jesus Christ your heart? He's given you, he's permitted you to live. He's permitted you to have health and strength. But would you give back to him what he's given to you, your heart, your life, and let him give you a new life, a new life. As our heads are bowed, hearts are looking to him. Is there one this morning that would say, "Jesus, come into my heart." Brother Simmons, pray for me. Thank you. Thank you. I want Jesus to come into my life. Thank you. Thank [Music] you. Father in Jesus name. Thank you for these hands, hearts. Lord, may you, oh God, make your board. For you said, if any man be in Christ, he's a new creature. Old things have passed away, behold, all things become new. Lord, may you come and make your board. Change the way we think. Change the way we live. Lord, I want you to be in control of my life. I don't want to try to live this life without you. I want you to to come, Lord, and send your anointing. Let your spirit dwell, Lord. Forgive us, Lord. and Lord have control in Jesus Christ's name I yield. [Music] Amen. What about you? It's time to go. [Music] But [Music] remember, you can't think [Music] right. And you won't ever think right until you get the Holy Ghost. That is the mind of Christ. And you want that more than anything. As we get depart this place today, let's just lift our hands to the Lord. May the Lord watch between me and thee while we absent one from the other. Let us all say amen. Amen. God bless [Music] you. Heat. Heat. [Music]
