################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-17 - Pastor H. Simmons Prayer - H Simmons.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-17
Title:    Pastor H. Simmons: "Prayer"
Speaker: H Simmons
Church:   Bride Tabernacle of Columbia SC
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 33m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0ECG3nLmk0
========================================

Description:
Join us in person for:
Bible Study Tuesday @ 7-8pm
Sunday School Sunday 9:30 am

Virtual & In Person:
Friday @ 7:30pm
Sunday @ 10:30am
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. Cuz I will bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Oh, and I will bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, Amen. Bless his holy name. Amen. Tonight we ask if everyone will stand and we go to the Lord in prayer. Lord Jesus, we thank you for allowing us to be in their house one more time. Lord, we ask that you send your anointing here tonight. Lord, move us out of the way. Lord, bless those that are here and those that are on their way, Lord, and those that may not make it. But Lord, will you send a word to them tonight and feed the hungry and thirsty stole, Lord Jesus, we ask that you can move us out of the way, Lord, bless the sermon tonight, let it speak to every need. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] Oh, and you are you are worthy and oh what you worship you for Thank you for you for me. Oh, you are Lord. You are worthy. And no one will be worship. Heat. Heat. my word. Hear my word. All of my words, Lord. I want you. All of my worship. Lord, you are you are you are worthy. And why you for all the Yeah. Heat. All my way. I want you all here my way. But I want you to have it all. What I want you to see and I Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. my way. But I want you my way. All my Amen. Here's my worship. Amen. Amen. This time we have this just give us a song. Amen. [Music] Yes. Okay. There is a resting place in the center of his grace. I long to be and so should you. So Lord guide my way. I pray in this land seeing day. I only want to do what me too. Lord, with every step I take. With every move I make, let your Holy Spirit be my God. Let me always your voice. When I have to make a choice, I want your perfect will for my life. Sometimes we think we're right. We think we have what we like, but we find ourselves in God's permissive will. And oh, what glory and what beauty to be in the light of duty. His perfect will I always want to fulfill. I will never step by day. With every move I make, let your Holy Spirit be my God. Let me always your voice when I have to make a choice. I want your perfect will for my life. And I don't ever want to be caught doing service without his will. because I know that he has a plan for me. I know that there are wonders to fulfill and I will Lord Lord with everything with everyone. I want your perfect will for my life. Lord will every step I with everywhere I holy. I want your perfect will for my life. Your perfect will. I want your perfect will for my life. I need your perfect will. I want your perfect will for my [Music] life. Amen. I want your perfect will for my life. Amen. says, "Sing is just all right, but you got to live the life." Oh, singing it's just all right. You got to live the life. Singing it's just all right. But you got to live a life. God on you. Everything you do. It's just all right. You got to live. It's just all right. You got to feel just all right. But you got to live for you. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. But you got to live for everything. Yes, you got everything. everything you [Music] do. Yes, sir. It's just all right. But you got to bring all [Music] right. It's all right. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh yeah. Oh yes. It's just all right. [Music] At this time we asked Sister Wonder if she going to give us a song. [Music] Amen. Put your time in. Payday is coming after a while. Put your time in. Mayday is coming after. Put your time in. Mayday is coming after. Put your time in. Mayday is coming after. Put your time in. Put your hand. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Amen. Payday is coming after the wild. [Music] Amen. Amen. At this time, we got sister brothers come pick up the offering. Amen. [Music] Thank you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] For there shall be light in the evening time that the glory you will surely be in the waterway. Young Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my god. Heat. Heat. in the fact that God is right. There's only one one way to God. Only one one way to God. Just one one one way to God. Oh, there's only one. Yes, there one way to go. Only one. Oh, there one way to God. There is one. Oh, one way to God. Oh, it's the highway to heaven. on the king in the highway. If you're not walking while I'm talking about You know you Oh my when you're walking on the highway. Oh the highway to heaven. Oh the highway to him. [Music] [Music] Amen. You may be seated for a moment. We thank God for everyone that pressure your way out this afternoon in Jesus Christ's name. We would uh I guess we'll start a little early this year, but we're just starting just for preliminary. We want to start fasting and praying next week. Um that God would just, you know, strengthen us and that we began to seek God's face. And if you want to seek the baptism of the Holy Ghost, please by all means, you know, let's just fast and pray that God would fill you with the Holy Ghost. And and if you want to walk with God, let's just fast and pray that God would save, heal, and just draw us closer to him. We need the Lord. So fasting and praying start next week. Let's just pray and seek God face. Amen. We appreciate you that are able to do it. Amen. You that are willing to do it. And let's just pray. It's got so many prayer requests that we want to pray for those prayer requests. But let's also pray for just a move of God in each and every one of our lives. Just a closer walk with him in Jesus Christ's name. Okay, let us just stand tonight. want to talk to you because it's important to have a church that prays. Amen. They say that a family that prays together stays together. 7 and uh 14. 2 Chronicles 7 and 14. Praise God. God is good. Amen. Appreciate the songs again. Appreciate everyone tonight. special way. It says, "If my people which are called by my name, I trust that it'll be you trust that is me, my people, God's people that are called by his name." Amen. Shall what? Humble themselves. It's very important to humble oneself. Will humble themselves and pray and what? And seek my face and turn from their what? Then will I what? Hear from heaven. I will hear from heaven and I will what? I will forgive their sins and I will what? Heal the land. Amen. God bless you. Word. You may be seated. The Bible says in the 12th verse, "And the Lord appeared to Solomon it by night and said unto him, I've heard thy prayer and I have chosen this place to myself for an house of sacrifice." You remember Jesus whipped them out of the temple. And he said, "My house shall be called the house of prayer." Now, that was a a physical house, but in a natural temple that Solomon had built, and that was a physical temple that they went in, too. The Bible tells us we ought to pray without ceasing. And that we ought to pray always. But we find that prayer has become a a thing of the past. people never really pressed their way in. I remember so we wanted to, you know, because of situations and condition a lot of times we uh I I I know in time past we'll call prayer week and people could come and and we'll teach a little bit on prayer and we get to praying. So by the grace of God, we want to you as families to get together and pray. And you choose an hour of prayer. Each individual choose an hour of prayer and pray. You choose your hour of prayer. And sometimes you know something might happen. But you know if something happened and you got emergency or something get in your way just say Lord I'm still going to pray my hour. Uh, and let's just pray and fast. And something happened to your body and something happened during the day and you get a little weak, but just get a little strength, but keep fasting. Keep praying. Keep seeking God. Amen. Amen. and you're on those jobs where you're out there in the sun, brother Josh, and all and you might need some uh water and and stuff like that and maybe something to keep yourself hydrated, but just go on keep fasting and keep praying. Praying that yolks might be broken, strongholds might be pulled down, cuz prayer changes things. Amen. Prayer cause things to happen. Amen. So, we want things to happen next week in your lives, in your homes, in your families. We want things to happen that you would recognize that God heard your prayer. Amen. Amen. Okay. So, by the grace of God, we want Amen to dedicate ourselves to prayer. Let us not just get caught up with things that's going to uh uh cause us not to be consecrated and and and not to be uh watchful and mindful because if we pray, we got to watch as well as pray. We can't be loose. Are you with me? You got to be consecrated. [Music] He says he said his house my house God sanctifi the the sacrifices are made in the house of God. God provided place for worship. If I shut up the heavens that there be no rain. if I command the locals to devour the land or if I send peasants among my people. Then he went on to say, if my people which are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways. Sometimes if we don't turn from wickedness, the Bible say if we confess our sins, he's faithful and just to forgive us of our sin. If we're not willing to repent, what good is us going to pray? What what good is prayer if we won't repent and we won't turn from our wicked ways? Some people will tell you they drink, they lie, cheat, do all kind of wickedness, but it's I pray every night, you know, and I like to use the scripture, God is not a sinner, but if any man be a worshiper of him, he would hear him. you know, and let us just look at Isaiah uh 59, excuse me. It's very important that you pray with the right kind of attitude and the right kind of spirit because a lot of times people praying and they think God has to hear them. They living in sin and they doing all kind of sinful stuff and they trying to pray to God. He said we got to turn from our wicked ways. Amen. We can't just keep on doing wicked stuff and expecting God to move on our behalf. You got to turn. He said, "Behold," Isaiah 59, he said, "Behold, the Lord hand is not what?" shortened that he cannot what? Save. Some people want to be saved. Uh, I want to be saved, Lord, but it it takes a turning from your wicked ways. See, this is You want a Bible salvation. You want a word salvation. You don't want to, you know, somebody to tell you a a church salvation or or or somebody some man. But we we want a Bible salvation. And that's only one savior and that's Jesus Christ. Without him, God got away. And Jesus said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life. You can't come up any other way. Somebody can shake your hand and tell you you're all right. And you might feel all right because they told you you all right. But we got to turn that he cannot save neither his ear heavy that he cannot what hear but your what? Your iniquities. Isaiah 59 and2 but your iniquities have what? Separated separated between you and what sin causes you to be separated from God. Amen. Sin cause you to be separated. And for when you're separated from God, that's death. You can't live. Amen. Sin cause separation. It don't matter how much you shout, how much you sing, how much you preach. But if you if you have iniquity, you sinning, it cause separation. So So Solomon said to my people, they must call my name with humble themselves and pray. Amen. Seek my face and turn. Amen. You got to turn. Amen. From your wicked ways. You got to turn. Yeah. If you won't turn, what good is prayer if you're not going to turn? Amen. You got to pray, "God, forgive me. Help me. Give me strength to turn." Amen. Give me strength to live what you Amen. this life. That's a a Christian life. Amen. God, give me the strength. Give me Amen. power over these uh things. I'm willing to Amen. I'm willing to forsake. Amen. I'm willing to forsake these things that are not right. Amen. Praise God. And I want God, Lord, I'm willing to forsake it in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You got to forsake the sin. You got to stop sinning. You can't keep on sinning and praying and and asking God, God have mercy. God is a merciful God. Amen. [Music] He said so much as so he says it separated you and your God and your sins have hid his face from you that he will what? Not hear you. You want God to hear you, then you got to stop. You got to stop doing the thing that you know iniquity. When you know to do right and you know it's wrong and you still do it. Oh, there too many people patting people on the back making them feel good. It's a disgrace to the gospel of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. It's almost like a uh it's no use in me preaching. Amen. For you to forsake sin and stop living unrighteous and you going to pat him on the back. Ah, come on. Come on. No, you No, no, no, no, no. It just it's just blaspheing almost. You pat somebody in the back and make them feel good and you know they sinning and you know they wrong and I'm you know it it makes the gospel make the the preaching of none effect. Why? Because you patting somebody on the back making them feel good and all they have to do is share some brownie tails and start crying and keep on being a sinner. Man, you you got to all that crying ain't doing no good. I remember one brother, you know, he was doing stuff. He had no business and and man, I was praying. That was probably about uh 40 years ago, 35 maybe 35 years ago or so. I was fasting with that brother and praying with him. We stayed all night. We was I was struggling. And then something the Lord just showed me. You doing all this fasting and praying and this fell sinning. I said, "What? What good is it going to do here? He want you to uh have sympathy and pity." And some of y'all just pity people. You pity him instead of trying to tell them get right with God. The reason why things happening in your life and things that ain't right in your life because you're sinning. I can't I don't know why I all that sympathy. Yeah. It's some people need a little sympathetic and that but but some people are just reaching out to you to give them sympathy and you got that sympathetic. Oh baby, it's going to be all right. Baby, baby, it is going to be all right. But if you want it to be all right, you got to stop sinning. You got to live right. You got to do right. Amen. Mama pray for you. Grandmama pray for you. Granddaddy pray for you. We'll pray for you. But it ain't going to do us no good. It going to hit the wall and bounce back because you don't want to stop doing. See, he said turn from your what? Wicked ways. Turn from your wicked ways. He said, "Your iniquities has separated you and God." And he said, "I ain't going to hear you." But you think, "Well, God, you know, all all I go through, all I've been through for me been wrong." Folks ain't done you wrong. The devil did you wrong. And the devil is your worst enemy. Amen. And the devil Amen. I said, "Well, they say, I thought I was my worst enemy." Amen. Because you and the devil come become one. All unrighteousness is what? Sin. And when you if you yield yourself to the devil, you and the devil become one. Sometimes say, "Well, I'm innocent." What? How innocent are we? You say, "I don't deserve to be treated like I've been treated. I don't deserve the things that are happening to me in my life." No, no. Sometimes that is true. But nevertheless, what you've been through and what you go through in life, we got a God that is able to Amen. Amen. A able to heal all your hurt, take away all your pain. All you got to do is trust in him and believe in him. And he'll restore you. He'll make you new again. Amen. He'll take away your sorrows, your pain of the past. Oh, God will do things for you. You serving a God that can Amen. heal every hurt. Amen. And every pain. Amen. And everything you been through. Amen. Amen. You might have been done wrong. Yeah. Yeah. But I can't pat you on the back and tell you it's all right to continue in the stand. Amen. And your lifestyle is all right. Because you've been done wrong. You know, I I I sympathize with you and I pity you sometime, but at the same time, I got to stand on the word. Amen. Amen. If the word said it, I got to say, the Lord, I'm trusting in you. Somebody got to suffer for his name. Amen. But I said, well, in the heaven will be worthy to you. Amen. All your all your suffering and all you been through, all of Amen. The folks have done you wrong. things have happened in the wrong way to Amen. to a person and amen you said I was just a child when I went through certain things and there certain pains and certain hurts but that's all right. Don't blame God for that. Blame the devil. And when you let the devil know that there's a God that cares more about me. You tried to destroy me. You tried to kill me. You tried to, you know, make me feel like I couldn't get out. Amen. Out of this situation of agony and pain. I was always feeling like I was worthless, that I'm no good. But God is able. Amen. Amen. I start Why am I living? Why Why am I here? You're here for a purpose. That's to serve the Lord. Amen. And God can make the desert like a a ocean or river. Amen. God can Amen. He can make Amen. those little stickers and cactus like a rose. Amen. Praise God. And God can make Amen. in the mud and he can be he can make you a lily in your valley. Amen. God can change things. And I'm saying, but you got to pray. You got to pray until you say, "God, you understand everything. God, I'm talking it over with you. Cuz I didn't know why you let it happen to me. I don't know why you let me hurt like I'm hurting. I don't let I don't know why I had to go through the things I went through." Yes. God, why you don't don't start telling why you let this happen? And somehow the word is said now we know that all things will work together for what? I don't know how it's going to work to my good Lord, but because you said it. Amen. Amen. Here's your child here, Lord. Amen. Lord, I don't know what's going on now, but here's your child. But you said it'll work. Amen. So, if it's going to work to my good, then let me get ready for my blessing. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let me prepare myself for my blessing. Let me make room for my blessing because I can't be blessed while I'm in this condition. Amen. Amen. Amen. I need to turn. I I can't be blessed until I turn from my wicked ways. Amen. Amen. Praise God. You want God's blessing before you turn. Amen. Praise God. You want God to to help you before you turn. Your help is in turning. Your help is in in not blaming God. Amen. But let the God know I I don't know why. Amen. I had to go through this. But if heaven is my home, then I I I I this is the way that I'm going to get to heaven, then God, I want to go to heaven regardless of what I've been through. Amen. The devil did everything he could do to that you wouldn't serve the Lord. Amen. That you gave up on God. Amen. And wonder why God that you love me, if you care about why. Amen. Why so much pain? Go ahead. But he knows. Amen. Amen. Amen. We can't understand the the wise right now, but we can't understand, Amen. the pain and the struggle right now. Amen. But this the songwriter said it right. We understand it by. Amen. When the morning come. Amen. Amen. We'll understand it better by I've been in some places where I didn't know how I got there. And sometimes we think we don't deserve to be there. We think what have we done to deserve certain places that we get into. I'm talking about prayer and you're talking to God not understanding the wise and you're trying to explain to God. Lord, if you're here, if you c if you here, if you're God and you see, Amen. my struggle and you see what I'm going through. Then Lord, I I know you you know sometime you get there and you say, "God, I I I I need you to come on the scene. I need you to come see about me." Amen. I need you, Lord. Amen. Come see about me, Lord. You know, somebody said, "He never failed me yet." Amen. It's not a song to me. It's a reality. It's not a song. It's a reality. Amen. And he will never fail you. Amen. Amen. He won't. Amen. For he says in the third verse, for your hands are defiled with blood, your fingers with iniquity, and your lips have spoken what? Li. lies and your tongue has muttered perverseness. Some of you curse and swear and do all kind of stuff. Mama don't know it and daddy don't know it. It's just it come a time you got to turn. You got to turn perverseness, all kind of wickedness. You got to turn. It's time to turn from your wicked ways. Humble yourself and pray. Pray with an honest and sincere heart. You got to be earnest and sincere when you pray. Amen. You got to want God. Amen. Want God to move in your life. Want God to hear your cry. Amen. Amen. Amen. If God does not help us now, I don't know where we going to be. Amen. 6 months from now, God needs the the nation need help. The city need help. The schools need help. You Amen. We need help. Amen. Amen. We need God. Let's just go to Matthew 6. Prayer changes things. Don't stop praying. Don't give up on God. He won't give up on you. He won't give up on you. You know Jesus said to the woman senician woman, "It's not meat for me to give the children bread to the dogs." She said, "Yay, Lord, but the dogs desire the crumb that fall from the master's table." She would knew how to be humble enough to realize even though I don't deserve it, God, will you just have grace for my daughter needs these devils out of her? Are you with me? So God, I'm here. I know I don't deserve it. Amen. I know I'm not a Jew. Amen. But I I I'm one here just asking for some crumbs to fall from the master's table. Amen. Sometimes we count ourselves so unworthy of his grace, so unworthy of his mercy. But God, if you will, Amen. and I hadn't been so holy and so righteous that I deserve your blessings. But God, will you have mercy on me? And that's what we got to get in a broken and a contrite spirit. He will not deny. We got to be broken. If we want God to move on our behalf, let it sometimes our heart is so hard. It's no brokenness. Sometimes when it comes down to seeking God for the baptism of the Holy Ghost, we got to be broken. We got to, you know, I say, "How can I be broken?" It's when when I mean it in sincerity and truth and that I I I really want God to move in my life. I'm [Music] broken. Amen. God, I I really need it. But when it comes down to God, people have not sought God enough to mean business with God. Maybe I'll skip that. Let's just go to James. I like for all the all the children that know the other Father prayer out of Matthew 60 this week. Make sure you know it. God might call on any one of y'all. Our father. Our father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy king, thy will be done. Okay. Thank the Lord. You're halfway there already. I thought you was saying, "That's all right. That's all right. We halfway there." James 5. Excuse me. Ain't God good? Amen. James 5, he said, "That's why people pray and they don't get nothing. Your approach could be wrong." The Pharisees prayed. He said, "I'm so glad I'm not like the publicans." But the publicans, he he couldn't hardly he didn't even hardly lift up his hand. He said, "Lord, be merciful to me a sinner." He had the right kind of attitude. When you pray, you got to have the right kind of attitude. But sometimes people just what you say. God said, "What you say? What you say?" Got to go to sleep, Lord. In the morning, got to go to sleep. I got to go to school. But when you pray, pray, "Our Father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name." Okay? Take your time and give God a more time. God can use a little bit more of your time if you can spare some time to pray and not to play. Look at somebody say pray and don't play. Okay. We want to play more than we want to pray, but we got to get down to business because the time is at hand. Amen. Things that are taking place in the world today, it ought to bring us to our knees. The things that are moving so swiftly and so fast and yet we don't stop long enough. Say, "God, if we ever needed you, we need you now. There's so much uncertainty in the world. The world is so unstable. So, we don't we're living in an unstable country. We got people in charge and un that's tossing us in unstable conditions. We don't know what to expect. The weather is so unstable. We got floods, we got hurricanes, we got earthquakes, we got fires, we got everything going. Everything is just all out of whack. So as you fast and as you pray, sometimes you got to stand in the gap and make up the hedge. He said, "Put a mark upon them that side and cry because of the abomination that are done in the city." All these abominations that are done. Everywhere you look, you're looking at perver and filth and ungodliness. And people don't even know. They don't even have a mind. It just normal. It's just the norm. People curse and they oh swear and they oh the whole thing is just gone in the schools on the on the highway on everywhere you look is just darkness. Darkness. This is just darkness. But it's time that you pray because the conditions are not getting any better. is getting worse and because of the the the conditions that are getting worse and worse, but you keep praying. God can turn things around. Y'all ask for help. He said in the 13th verse for James 5 and 13, if any of among you what? afflicted. Afflicted, let him what? Pray. Pray. If any marry, let him what? If any sick among you, let him what? Call of the elders of the church. You know, often times, you know, I like to for those that are sick, call. You know, sometimes you know way down the road and they almost upset with you because you didn't call. Some people are sick physically and some people are spiritually sick. They they feel like the preacher, he don't care about me. That's a spiritually sick person. Oh, he don't care. Nobody love me. Nobody cares. Spiritually, mentally sick. You know the baby when they cry and they holler and scream. We understand you got babies. But you got people that ought to be mature Christians that ought to when they afflicted they just pray. But if they sick they need to call for the elder of the church. Are you with me? But people don't call as they need to but expect you to be there. They call for who never will let him come but they don't call for the elders of the church. It used to be a time when people would call for the elder of the church and they have their faith elevated and they ready for their healing. Are you with me? You know, every now and then you got somebody that would call for the elder of the church. You got every now and then you got somebody say, "I'm sick. Pray for me." It may be 2:00 in the morning, maybe 3:00, you say, "Pray for me. I'm sick." And we pray. Are you with me? Amen. And then sometimes he said, "Want me to come?" And we'll get up and we'll make our way. No matter where it is, we try to get there. Are you with me? Somebody by the grace of God. Don't forget to do what the scriptures say. And when we get there, God will do what he say he'll do. That's because you obeying what? The word. Amen. Amen. Just obey the word and have confidence that God, your word said it and I'm going to obey you and what you say. Amen. Amen. Yes. Amen. Ain't that right? Amen. When you do what the word say, then it's it's that if this is God's word, then God is able to perform what he's saying. Amen. His word will not go out of void. Amen. But it shall accomplish that which you send it. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. So praying means something. Amen. Okay. Call for the elders of the church and let them what? Pray over him. Right. Let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord. For the prayer of what? Prayer of faith shall save the sick. The prayer of faith will deliver the sick. It'll save the sick. And the Lord shall what? Raise them up. Raise him up. And if he hath committed sins, they shall be what? Now then he says in the 16th verse confess your what? You know a lot of times we pray for sick and uh and sometimes it look like you know God put it on my heart. You need everything clear. If a person is not being healed then we want to know what the problem is. And sometimes I pray and God what is the problem? And then sometime God will reveal to me what it is. Sometimes I can't tell folk what it is because they ought to know what it is but I just keep on praying but the Lord is not. Keep on praying. He hear your cry. Sometime God has to reveal to that person what they need to straighten out for them to be healed. You know I I was praying for somebody somebody you know for look like it's been a year or so. So if we pray call for the elders of the church let them anoint them with all pray the prayer of faith the prayer of faith you say sick and the Lord what raise them up. Are you with me? Yes. But you got to check and examine yourself when you're praying. You got to uh make sure you forgive a member of sister on her deathbed and they called for me and no she wasn't a sister. She wasn't even could consider herself saved. But the parents home asked me to go to the hospital and go in intensive care to pray for her. And I went there to pray. And as I got in the room, she had the tubes all in her and everything. And but she could hear me. I could tell she could hear me. She blinked the eyes. And I says to her, "Sister, if you holding anything in your heart against somebody, I want you to forgive him and let it go and God will heal you." In a couple of days, she was out in the hospital, out of intensive care and out the hospital, looking good, too. See, when you pray, you got to forgive. If you gonna fast and pray this week, I mean this week coming up, forgive. You know, some people say, "I forgive them." But you still don't want to see them. I don't want to see them. I want them around me. I don't want to hear them. I forgive them. But I I see there ain't no forgiveness. Are you with me? What if God uh say, "I forgive you, but I'mma still hold it against you. Oh, I I ain't going to bless you. I I forgive you, but you ain't going to get no more blessings." God forgives us. He shows us that I love you and I forgive you. He said, "Now, and and that's what happens often times. Folks hold on. They hold on to situations and they hold on to conditions. You know, I I I I I was appreciating this morning and as I was dealing with, you know, the songs and he says, "So far will I remove your iniquities as the east is from the west." You know what I'm saying? And then God, he removes them so far. He said, "Then he says, "Your sins and iniquities will I remember no more." God is able to heal and forgive and remove your sins. And I ain't going to remember them no more. I ain't going to hold it against you. But you got to realize when you pray, Amen. when you talk it over with God, God said, "I ain't going to remember it no more. I ain't going to bring it up to you no more. Amen. But see, when you forgive somebody and you keep bringing the same thing up over and over and over and telling your neighbor, your next door neighbor, down the street about it, everybody you think about it. Well, you remember you remember when forgiveness prophet God said we're not able to forget. God can forget but the devil make sure you remember but God he's able to not to remember it no more. and he had throw it in the sea of forgiveness and he won't bring it up again. Are you with me? Amen. But when you when you pray, don't hold on. Don't hold on to the past. Pray to God, God, I forgive. And then that your healing begin. Your healing begin when you forgive. You'll never be healed until you forgive. Once you forgive, then that sweetness can come back to your spirit. The healing can come back in your life. The joy can come back. But unforgiveness costs bitterness. You said what that has to do with praying. See, he said when you pray, forgive. Are you with me? Amen. That your heavenly father should also what? Forgive you your trespass. So, if we going to get ready to have fasting and prayer week, then I want you to be able to forgive. Are you with me? Now, if you don't forgive, you said, "Well, I I know I forgive. Don't be so sure cuz God can bring something up before you. Don't be so sure of yourself." Sometimes we overconfident. I I thought I was going to preach on re religious but not saved, not born again. The Pharisees, they had religion, but they needed to be saved. Are you with me? They needed they needed God, but they was churchgoers and they was religious and they went through all the formality and all the riches and outside they look good. Brother and sister, we got to be careful that we are just not religious, that we actually are delivered and we are saved. Amen. Not outward show, but inwardly in our hearts, genuinely love God. Amen. You know, a real Christian cannot speak evil like some folk can do. True. Amen. They can't speak evil. No matter what you do to them, they let it go. Listen, just let it go. But some folk can't let go. I I ain't no never let it go. I said some folk ain't going to let go. They can't let go cuz they got too much meanness in them. Instead of saved and delivered, they are actually amen religious. They got a religious spirit and they come to church because they're religious. And sometimes they hold on to the religious spirit and they won't let go of that religious spirit to get God's spirit. to get the Holy Spirit. I'm going tell you that's a dangerous spirit. And the prophet of God said that's the worst spirit to cast out. You can't cast that out. Know why? Cuz they more spiritual than than everybody else. And because they're so spiritual than everybody else, no, you can't get no help. He said, "Because you say you see, your sins remain." Are you with me? You're blind. Because he came to open the eyes of the what? The blind. Are you with me? But because people say, "Well, I I'm all right." How can he save you when you're all right? How can he deliver on you when you say you're all right? when you when when there's so much corruption, so much Oh, goodness. Well, I I don't drink, I don't smoke, I don't commit adultery, but you mean. You just mean as you can be. Not to everybody. You know how to be sweet and kind to the people you like. If you don't like them, you won't even speak to them. You can't shake the hand. You I'm going to tell you how you do. What's wrong? Let me see. And then when you say, you ever see this? Come here, Roger Gerald. You ever see somebody shake your hand and this how they do this? They all that mean devil. Look at that. They said they said, they can't shake. And when they shake, I'm going to tell you what they do. Let me show you how they do. You They don't feel into it. You know, they let it drop. They they ain't going to shake your hand like, "God bless you, bro." You know what I'm saying? They can't shake like that. Oh, they want Oh, no. They all in the They in the street. They in the street then. They got a worldly shake. That young people shake. They got to be cool, slick. And some preachers come doing me like that. I said, "You older than me." I said, "You old preacher." I can see these young people trying to, you know. I said, "Well, what y'all doing? Y'all don't even know what it mean." I don't know either. Just being cool. But it's it like you shaking a brick. You shake the hand and it'll drop. Ain't no feeling in it. No love in it. They can't even look at you. Come here, brother Ernest. They They You go to shake their hand, they ain't no love in it. They can't love cuz they're religious. You can't love when you're religious. But if someone say I see you that hypocrite in spirit, they only love who they want to love. Praise God. If they think you done them wrong, they ain't going to love you. Are you with me? They can't look at you. They can't shake your hand. They can't smile. Are you with me? They can smile with those that got the same spirit. They can smile with those because those are holy people, sanctified people. They so holy and sanctified. Oh, they so filled with the spirit. Oh, they so those are my kind of people. You see what I'm saying? But I'm going to tell you something. It can be the violence of sinners. [Music] I remember I used to bring a a lady to church and in my car and my other I I was all my my first little mission in Bennisville that's about 50 years ago and I was bringing the older people elderly people because those were the first people I was baptizing in the river up there in Bennettville in the lake or whatever. Anyway, uh one lady I was bringing, she say the doctor told her not to take a bath and I was bringing her faithfully and the other people in the car that I had to pick up, they said, "Don't don't pick up. Please don't let her come to church. Well, she jump in the church and she she like to be happy, you know. And I'm telling you something, but you know, they would talk all the way. Everybody was about 70, 80 years old and stuff like that. They always elderly people. But you know, I looked at that lady and I I was I was having sympathy with her even though she was in that condition. I don't know how she got there. But I learned not to look down on nobody, no matter what condition they was in. I thank God for working in the hospital. We've had patients that nobody wanted to touch and they said, "Simmons, you young. You ain't got no family or wife. You take care of them." Because it was contagious what they had sometimes. So they said, "You ain't you take care." I could have said, "That's not my patient. I ain't taking care. But you got to have you go through certain things cuz God knows. I wasn't a preaching then, but God knows what path he going through. You can't look down on [Music] nobody and and think that you going to be all right. Have a compassion heart cuz you never know what life will bring. So when you're praying this week, think about somebody. Maybe you despise. Maybe you rejected. Maybe that's somebody might be hindering your prayer. Somebody you might believe don't love you, don't care about you, but that's you. Pray for them that God would give them the love of God. Are you with me? Amen. And God will let you love them. Love them with a perfect heart. Care about them. Amen. Amen. And be concerned about their soul. Amen. So when you pray, you can pray, "God, be merciful." Amen. Be merciful to those people that don't even understand themselves. Amen. Have pity. I'd rather suffer with that woman. As long as she came, I'd rather suffer with her. And all of us in the church would suffer because she wanted to come. You see, God worked it out in due time, but sometimes you got to let God work things out. Amen. Amen. Sometimes the thing that you have to go through that God going to work out for you if you love. Amen. Amen. If you got an honest and sincere heart and you love the person despite of their condition. Amen. Amen. We talking about a smell when I'm talking about how stink your sin smell in God's sight. Amen. Amen. You're talking about a natural condition. Not how your bad attitude smells in God's sight. Amen. Your bad character, how it smells to God. I rather be physically smelling than natural spiritually stinking in God's nostril. Amen. Your spirit and your attitude towards the thing of the Lord things of the Lord. It causes a bad smell. It's not a sweet incense in in the go in God's sight. God bless you. I I talked to y'all because I was going to cut it short, but I had some people come in and I just [Music] lingered. God bless you. Thank y'all for coming. Let us stand. Sin will cause God not to hear your prayer. Be humble when you [Music] pray. Greet one another with a holy kiss. Remember young s got saved young and a fellow deacon in one of the churches we fellowship with? He was kissing people in the mouth. I said uhuh no no no no no. I He say greet him with a holy kiss. I said yeah but not you know greet one another with a holy kiss on the back of the neck somewhere if you want to do that. But I want you to greet one another with holiness in your heart. Our holiness kiss is not like the Jews in the foreign some foreign country. Our holy kiss is nice handshake, a nice hug and greet. You know what I'm saying? That's the American style. Are you with me? A good greeting with a pleasant spirit. Are you with me? Amen. I think that fell went a little too far. Are you with me? Amen. So by the grace of God, let us not go too far and but let us be nice, kind, gentle, sweet and loving one to another. Okay? Not bitter, indifferent, but sweet like Sister [Music] Patricia. Okay? He said, "Why don't you call her out?" She always smiling and just is nice and sweet. I know Brother Fred appreciate that. Amen. Thank the Lord. Amen. God bless you, y'all. I don't know how to close, but y'all All right tonight. Amen. We We're going to go home in a minute, but I want you to let's let's just try shake somebody hand next to you. Somebody if you got to get to somebody, shake somebody hand. Praise God. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you, Sister Kisha. Come on, let's shake hand. We going to pray. This is fast and prayer week. God bless you. Thank the Lord for you. Let's shake. Amen. Let let's have a let's have a handshake and let's let's get ready to go to heaven. Amen. We going to fast and pray. We going to break some yolks and some strongholds. Amen. It's going to make a difference. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Keep pressing on. Amen. Amen. Brother Ernest, close us out now in Jesus name. If you don't have the Holy Ghost, remember the Holy Ghost week, fasting and praying. If you don't if you don't have a walk with God, you're not baptized in Jesus Christ's name, let's get it. Let's hurry up and get baptized. Hurry up and get the Holy Ghost. Hurry up and get it cuz it going to be too late after a while. If you don't want God, then God don't want you. Are you with me? Tell somebody, if you don't want God, God don't want you. [Music] And it's a bad thing, then the garden, they don't want you. Okay. Appreciate the word. Amen. Amen. You know, I I thank the Lord for a visitation. Amen. I really thank God. I was I was something happened to me today. Something happened twice. And I said to myself, I can't let nothing stop me from making that place. I was up early. I said, "Lord, I ain't can't let nothing stop me from making the kingdom. Nothing." And I thank God for what we heard tonight. Amen. Don't let nothing stop you. No funny feeling, no whatever it might be. You can't let nothing stop you. Come on. That unforgiveness, that all that, that's that's that's bad. Amen. The way God can't hear your prayer. You want God to hear your He got to hear your prayer. Amen. I thank the Lord tonight. How many appreciate the Lord tonight? Amen. Let us bow our heads in a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for your visitation today, Lord. And I know it's you, God. I can hear your voice and I hear it saying, "Come unto me, oh Jesus." How many heard his voice tonight? Oh, that still small voice. It's calling. Don't let nothing stop you. You don't want to miss it. Yes, it's too important to miss. Yes. Oh, if you can hear him call tonight, yolks can be broken. Things are about to change for somebody. Oh, Jesus. The supernatural is breaking. Oh, God is here. Oh Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for the word tonight. God, I pray that you would continue, Lord, feeding us with mana from on high. Oh God, as we embark upon the week, Lord of prayer. Don't let it stop there. God, I pray that we can, oh God, see change. We can see your spirit manifest in our midst. Do it, God. I pray. Move in a mighty way. Bless those that God listening in, oh God, and those that desire to be here, Lord. I pray, God, that you speak to their spirits, their heart move, oh God, in a mighty way. We thank you. We love you for all your goodness and your kindness. Bless us now as we depart this place but never your presence. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. [Music] Amen. Pray for sister Renee. I guess she was here tonight. She had to leave. Just remember sister Renee in prayer. Amen. [Music]
