################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-05 - Pastor Joseph Chikosi Behold, I Come as a Thief - Joseph Chikosi.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-05
Title:    Pastor Joseph Chikosi: "Behold, I Come as a Thief"
Speaker: Joseph Chikosi
Church:   Bride Tabernacle of Columbia SC
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 24m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HG-NLOocrKk
========================================

Description:
Join us in person for:
Bible Study Tuesday @ 7-8pm
Sunday School Sunday 9:30 am

Virtual & In Person:
Friday @ 7:30pm
Sunday @ 10:30am
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. They gave me the thumbs up, so I guess we're going to start it. Amen. Amen. Let's start just praise him. Praise him. Ready to praise the Lord. Praise him. Praise [Music] him. Praise him. Jesus. Pray. Praise him. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Blessed Savior. Oh, he's worthy to be. Amen. We going to praise him. Praise him. Amen. Praise. Praise Jesus, Lord. Praise. Praise. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Praise Jesus, Lord. Praise. Amen. Jesus. Amen. Jesus. Blessed say my savior. all worthy to be. Amen. We going to praise him again. Praise him. Praise him. Praise. Praise Jesus, Lord. Praise him. Praise. Amen. Praise him, Lord. Yeah. Praise him. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Bless [Music] you. Jesus. Jesus is worth praise him. Praise him. Thank you Lord. Praise Jesus Lord. Praise you Lord. Praise him Jesus is Jesus. Blessed be worthy, worthy, worthy, worthy. From the rising of the sun, from the rising of the Jesus is worthy. Worthy. Jesus is worthy. Praise Jesus. Amen. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Sing your name. We love the name of Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Jesus blessed worthy worthy to be praised. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. We going to ask Josh to give the mic over to brother Nathan. Glad to see him with us this evening. as brother Nathan open us with a word of prayer. Amen. [Music] Let us bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we look to you, Lord, God, tonight realizing, Lord, everything we do or say is in your hand. Pray that you bless the service, Lord God. Use the man of God for your glory tonight. Bless the people that sang, Father, for any sin in the camp, oh God, forgive us. Let the Holy Spirit have perimeters. And Lord, we thank you for everything you do for us in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. I know Grace Palmer, sorry she ever taught me this song, but I trust in God, my Savior, the one, Amen, who will never fail. Jesus never fails. He will never fail. I trust in God. I trust in God. Jesus my savior said never. Amen. You will never He will never fail. And I trust in God. Amen. I trust in God. Thank you Lord. I see Jesus. Merc [Music] never. [Applause] Yeah. Heat. I saw the Lord. I saw the Lord. I saw the Lord and heard Jesus everywhere. I that's why that's why that's why I heard Jesus. I sustain. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Jesus. One more [Music] time. Heat. Heat. Thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. We're going to ask the Palmer to come on up in Jesus. Amen. [Music] I've had to cry all night long. I've had to pray on my own. I've had to repent of all my sins. so God could change me deep within. I've had to make a [Music] commitment. Let go of this world just in debt. One thing that I need in this life is a personal experience. I've had to cry all night long. I've had to pray all my own. I've had to repent of all my sins. I can change to be within. I had to make a commitment. I had to get lost. One thing that I need in this life is a personal experience. One thing that I need in this life is a personal experience. Oh, I need Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I need more Oh, I cry all night long and I pray on my own. I for I feel me with my Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat up here. [Music] Praise the Lord. Have brother with us. Come on, share a little bit of that gift, brother. Bless. [Music] Hallelujah. Jesus. God bless you, bride. Amen. Do you love him? Amen. Hallelujah. Y'all in for a treat tonight. I saw that pastor last night. Y'all in for a treat. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, we praise you, Jesus. We praise you, Lord. I was thinking the other day about the joy that came my way. You took away my frowns and all the thing that had me down. I thought of all the times when I was walking around in a day. But tonight, send me for you with nothing but praise. Oh Lord. Oh, we praise you. Help me praise the Lord. We praise you, oh Lord, we praise you, oh Lord, we praise you. I looked in the mirror and the building wasn't me. In order to be like Jesus, I had to know what to be. Now Jesus is my friend and something that I know with all of his power. He strengthen me. So Lord we praise you. Help me praise the Lord. We praise you Lord. Oh Lord we praise you. Oh Lord, we praise you. I command my body to praise the Lord. I command my body to praise the Lord. I command my body to praise the Lord. I command my body to bring everything body. We got to bring body. We praise you Lord with everything we have learned. We praise you. I use my body. Oh worship. I command my head to praise the Lord. I command my hands to praise the Lord. I command my hands to praise the Lord. I command my head to praise the Lord. Oh, we praise the Lord. We praise you with everything you give us, God. We praise you. I use my hand. We praise you. We praise you, oh Lord. We praise you. We praise you, Lord. We praise you, Lord. Somebody say, "Oh Lord, we praise you. Oh Lord, oh we praise you, God." Somebody else. Oh Lord, we love you. Oh Lord, we love you, Lord. Oh Lord, we love you. Oh Lord, we love you. Everybody say, "Oh Lord, we love you. I love you, Lord. I praise you." Oh Lord, praises go up. Praise the God. We praise you. One time without the music. Oh Lord, we praise you. Help me praise the Lord. We praise you. Oh Lord, we praise you, God. Oh Lord, we praise. We praise. Oh, praise the Lord. Everything I have, I'll give it all back to you, Lord. We praise you. Oh, we praise you. Oh Lord, I command my hand to praise the Lord. Oh Lord, I command my feet to praise the Lord. Oh Lord, I command my body to praise the Lord. Oh Lord, I command my mouth to praise the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. We're going to ask Caleb to sing his song. You could depend on God. Amen. Can we depend on him? Amen. Depend on Brother Caleb, too. Amen. It's perfect. [Music] [Music] I can't live any longer. I can't live any longer. Oh, I can't. I can't be through the storm, through the rain. I can't I can't. Yes, I can. Oh, I can I can Yes, I can. I can. Oh, through the sun, through the rain, through sickness. I can I can Yes, I can. Oh, I can. Oh, I can. Oh yes, I through the sun. Through the rain. Oh, through the sun. through the rain. Oh, through the rain. I can't. I can't. Yes, I can. Oh, I can. I can. Yes, I can. I can't depend. You don't know my story and what God done for me. He killed my body when I was sick. I can't. I can't. Yes, I can. I can. Oh, I can. I can't. Yes, I can. Yes, I can. You don't know what God what he's done for me. You don't know what God Oh, what he's done for me. Oh my go through the Oh, heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. through the rain. Heat. Amen. You will depend on God. Everybody else fail. You know where to go. Amen. We ask the brothers to come on up at this time. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. You can depend on God. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Think I do old women. Brother Nate like this one. Amen. I don't know what you came to do. I don't know what you come to do. Amen. I don't know what you came to do. I don't know what you and you and you came to do. I don't know what you came to do. I came I came to clap my hand. I came to stand my feet. I came to praise the Lord. Help me praise the Lord. I came to jump for joy. I came to lift him up. I came to praise his name. I came to praise him. I don't know what you came to do. You came to do. I don't know what you came to do. You can't I can't I can't I can't love the Lord. Help me love the Lord. Help me love what you came to do. you what you came to do. I don't know what you came to do. I don't know what you do. I came to lift him up. I came to lift him up. I came to lift him up. I came to praise his name. Help me praise his name. Jesus is his name. Jesus is his name. I don't know what you do. I came to my hand. I came to my feet. I came to joy. I came to my praise. I came to joy. I came to love the Lord. Praise the Lord. I don't know what you going to do. I don't know what you going to do. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank the Lord for everyone that brought out tonight. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Why don't you greet one another as Josh play a little something and greet one another. God bless you brother, sister. Greet one [Music] anotherless [Music] bless. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you, sister. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Praise God. We want to thank the Lord for everyone press your way out this afternoon. Thank God for Sister Shakosi. We ask her to stand and glad to have her with her husband. Her first time here in South Carolina. So we thank God for her. Amen. So by the grace of God, we thank God for all of our visitors. We welcome you tonight. We ask you to stand if Thanks to some with brother call. Amen. Glad to have y'all tonight. Bless you. Enjoy your stay. Amen. God bless you. And we appreciate everyone the pressure out. This time we're going to get ready for the word. Are you ready? Amen. Let us just stand and receive the speaker familiar to most of us, brother Joseph Shikosi from the UK and also Zimbabwe from Harari and Matari. Amen. He has a church in both cities. Amen. God bless you. Let's receive him at this time. Amazing grace. Amen. God bless you, pastor. Amen. Thank you so much. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] [Music] The Lord bless you all. Amen. You may be seated just for a while. I want to greet you all in the wonderful name of the Lord Jesus Christ and I deem this a grand privilege to be back again among you after quite a while. It has been a long time that I was here and uh I I I think the church has taken a new look. It's not what it used to be when I knew it several years back. And I'm looking at some faces that have really changed since the time I met them. Uh somewhere in the ministry and uh some are a bit more with more wisdom. uh the hair is turning gray and uh we thank God that we can still meet and still uh are enjoying the same gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. There's something about the gospel that it never fades. Its power never changes. The gospel will never lose its power. Amen. And uh as the blood of Jesus will never lose its power, the gospel also will never lose its power. I remember those days when it was pastor Henry Simmons really that opened the door for me to come and have several meetings and to get to meet the brothers here. And uh I will never forget him and his wife, their hospitality. I I I I stayed in their home. They took me around. And uh uh whenever I think about that, my heart really really is thrilled to know that we have genuine Christians and genuine servants of the Lord with the love of God flowing through them. And I want to really appreciate Pastor Simmons and say thank you very much. And uh though this time around when I was coming, I didn't have it planned that I would come this way as I was going through Charlotte and and so brother Aaron made contact and arranged that I also passed through which was very very uh good for him to do that. But I would like to come back when I have more time and just be mainly with you and a few other groups around and and and enjoy your fellowship. And my wife has been very thrilled also to get to know to meet the different people. We were in Marlins yesterday and we also had a wonderful time and I'm so thankful that my wife has been a real support and we have we we have been around for some time. I think today being the fourth, it would be just a few days over a month that we've been around, but we've been to New York, we've been to Minnesota, we've been to uh Seattle, uh we've been to uh Phoenix, we've been to Tucson, we've been to Florida, we've been to Charlotte. Now we are here. So, we've we've we've traveled around your country more than some of you have done. And the Lord has been so good. He kept us healthy. You know, when you travel from place to place, the different temperatures, different weather, and all that. When we when we went to Minnesota, it was very, very cold. uh but the Lord kept us and you know traveling from place to place and changing uh airplanes and today you are sleeping somewhere tomorrow you're sleeping somewhere and um usually the human being and even even in the animal world uh somewhere where you you sleep is is is something that's so special to you because after a day's labor you want to go to a youth usual resting place and and and you know pull your blankets over on you from usual usual premises and usual quarters and so you can imagine having to change place and so on and so on. You hardly can sleep. You get a little bit nervous and but we thank God who has really kept us and we thank God for the hospitality that has been extended to us. And so tonight I'm so thankful. I would like just to approach the word of the Lord. And if you are here with a need, if you are sick or you want God to do something, we live in such a needy world. We all have so many needs. But God is more than able to do even more abundant, exceedingly abundant, more than we can ever think or even ask. And we should never despair. We should never lose hope. We should never come to a place where we say, "I've had this problem for so long and I think it's just there to stay." No, God is able. Is anything too hard with the Lord? No. All things are possible to him that can believe. So if you believe, let's stand and if you have a request, you can raise your hand to God. And as we start, I will pray and commit you to God. And I believe that the prayer of a righteous man availth much. And we don't have our own righteousness, but he gave us his righteousness. So I want to approach the throne of mercy on your behalf, presenting your need and your request. And even to those who are streaming or who will be following on Facebook or on the on the internet and those that may listen, if you have a need, just raise your hand as we pray. Gracious heavenly father, it's always our joy to speak to you because we know who you are and we know what you have done for us. You saved us. You picked us up. You picked us up from the merry clay. You turned us around and you set us on the king's highway. We thank you so much for this gift of eternal life. And Lord, as we start the service, the preaching of the word is not complete without the healing of the sick and the manifestation of your power, your presence, your deliverance, oh outstretched arm, to give, to provide, to supply each and every need. and we humbly approach your throne of mercy knowing that we do not deserve any of your blessings but you took our place you died on the cross of Calvary and you said it is finished so we are believing in that finished work that each and everyone that have raised up their hand will receive their heart's desire and may they come back before your presence with thanksgiving after you have answered their prayer. Now Lord, as I stand here, I commit myself to you the scriptures. I I pray that you anoint the scriptures and that and that you also give me oh God anction of the Holy Spirit to be able to speak the uncarchable riches of Jesus Christ. Father, we thank you as we ask these blessings even upon this local church. I ask these blessings upon our pastor here, the officers, Lord, the ministers that work with him. Father, may you bless them and may you bless the burden to reach out for that last one. We are waiting for that last one to come in and we will be gone. We thank you in Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's read in our Bibles from three portions of the scripture. I wish to read from the book of 1 Thessalonians chapter sorry second. No. Yeah. First first Thessalonians chapter 5 from the second verse. First Thessalonians chapter 5 from the second verse to the third verse and then Revelation chapter 16 on verse 15 and then also Revelation 22 on verse 20. We will read if you found it first Thessalonians 5:es 2 and 3. For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh as a thief in the night. For when they shall say peace and safety, then sudden destruction cometh upon them as travail upon a woman with child, and they shall not escape. Revelation 16 on verse 15. Revelation 16 on verse 15. Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watchth and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame. Revelation 22 on verse 20. Revelation 22 on verse 20. He which testifith these things saith, surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so, come Lord Jesus. The Lord blessed the reading of his word. You may take your seats tonight. I wish to speak on behold I come as a thief. And my running thought there is the secret sudden coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. The scripture plainly tells us here that the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night. And we all know that a thief doesn't come openly when the occupants of the house or the property or whatever he wants to steal when they when they're wide awake and and watching over what belongs to them. The thief waits and watches for people to sleep. Then he strikes. And that's how the come of the Lord is going to be. There will be no public announcement of his coming. And that alone is so contrary to our modern trend of thought because nothing happens without it being planned, well announced and well advertised in this life that we live in today. Everything that is important, everything that is very special, whether it be a wedding, whether it be some important event, it has to be announced. But contrary to this, the coming of the Lord is secret. There will be no public announcement. The coming of the Lord will not be announced in the manner of the way events are published in in the bulletin channels, the newspapers, the TV channels, the internet, the social media, the Facebooks and and all the streaming that we have today. Today you can have news flashing the whole world in just 5 minutes. Something can happen today, right now, and before you know it, it's all over Africa. It's in Asia, it's in Europe, is everywhere because of the internet and and and and and the social media. But the announcement of the coming of the Lord is not going to be like that. It won't be announced in that manner. It is a secret coming with also a secret announcing because the Bible has told us there that yourselves know perfectly this time that you know it. Paul says I don't even have to tell you this again. You know this perfectly well that the day of the Lord comes as a thief in the night. Amen. So there will be no announcement and it won't go viral on the WhatsApp groups and the and all the uh the media platforms that we have and and and and and the Viber, Facebook, what have you, Twitter, everything else. It won't be like that. And because it won't be like that, it behooves us as the bride of Jesus Christ to really be careful that we will miss it. We will miss it if we are not careful. Amen. Because our mindset of today, you can't just wake up tomorrow and say I'm going to Africa. You have to prepare for it. You have to announce it. You have to purchase your tickets. Reserve whatever hotel where you're going to be staying. If it's a wedding, you can't just wake up and say, "I'm getting married tomorrow." You You got to advertise it. You got to announce it. So, our life is so set in a way of announcement, bulletin, advertise it. And yet, the coming of the Lord is not like that. Amen. Which means we have to take heed and we must be very very careful that we will miss it. Unless we are really watching and expecting and know what we are looking for. Amen. We will miss it. Amen. Now the thought here as I said is the secret sudden coming of the Lord. One place it says it comes like travail upon a woman. Now of course today's technology can be more precise on when baby is coming if if a woman is expecting and all that you know but still the very moment and the very minute that that that that that just comes that just comes but at least the woman will know that it is coming. There will be signs and they go stronger and and more violent and and and and then she knows and I believe as the bride we can see that the birth painans of a new earth, a new heaven and the new Jerusalem, the birth painans of a rapture are becoming more violent than before. Amen. And it should make us to fall down on our knees and say, "Lord have mercy." Amen. Lord have mercy. The things that we are seeing, the falling apart of the world, the changes that we are seeing right now in the in the world events. Amen. Name it. The trade things are changing swiftly. The wars and rumors of war, it's changing. so rapidly that we who are the bride of Jesus Christ must be ready. Amen. We got to be ready. Amen. And I mean it from the bottom of my heart. We got to be ready. Amen. We used to talk a lot about the rapture, the translation, the new Jerusalem. We used to sing a lot of songs about his coming and how the time was fast span and how we got to be ready and got to have oil in the lambs and we'll sing those songs. Give me oil in my lamb. Keep me burning. Give me oil in my lamb. I pray. Give me oil in my lamb. Keep me burning. keep me burning till the end of day. We used to sing those and we would sing them so enthusiastically and and we were just thinking he's coming next week or he's coming this year. But then because the time has prolonged because the Lord has lingered in his coming, some are now beginning to doubt. Amen. Even the message that God has sent in this generation to call out a bride. Some are beginning to doubt that there really is going to be a rapture. And the Bible says that's when it comes. Amen. That's when it comes when people are now really doubting it and some living falling away. As the Bible says, there will be a falling away. Many will fall away and and and and scoffers will rise. We read that in Peter. Scoffers will rise and they will say, "Wasn't there supposed to be a rapture? Wasn't Los Angeles supposed to sink? Wasn't this supposed to happen? Where is that? And where is this?" And then Peter says this, they are ignorant of the fact that God is not slack concerning his promises. He's not slack. Amen. But he's longsuffering. That we all may come to repentance. He He is coming for us. He wants to take us. So he's not going to come until you and me are ready. Amen. May God make us ready. May God make our children ready. Amen. May God make the bride members ready. So that he will come. But I want to be in a position where I can say even so come Lord Jesus. Regardless of the condition of the neighbor, regardless of the condition of my friend, regardless of the condition of the church at large, regardless of the condition of other members of the bride, I want to raise up my hand and say, "Even so, come Lord Jesus." Even so, come Lord Jesus. If I'm trying to build a home and I and I'm not yet finished, I still want to say even so come Lord Jesus. If we are in a church building project and we haven't finished it, we are expecting to do so. We are looking forward to using the new church. I don't want that to stand in my way. I don't want nothing between me and the savior. I don't want no program. I don't want no project. I don't know. I I I I want nothing between me and the savior. Help me Lord Jesus. Whatever I am doing, let me doing it knowing I'm waiting for the coming of the Lord. [Applause] I'm waiting for his coming. If I'm building a church, I will build with one hand. And still I'm praying. I'm building with one hand and I'm still preparing. I'm building on the other hand. And I'm still trying to get the last one in. I'm building on one hand and I'm still worshiping God. I'm still I'm still loving him so much. Amen. Amen. Amen. The major events are well announced and published, but the coming of the Lord, he comes as a thief. Isn't this amazing that the events that really don't matter are the ones that are being advertised, things of this life, conferences and and and and all these other things that really don't matter. You can miss a wedding of a friend. You can miss a wedding of a brother and a sister. But you must not miss the coming of the Lord. Amen. Things that don't matter, they are the ones that are being advertised. And yet the thing that matters most is being advertised but secretly. Amen. Secretly. Yes. See, when a thief is coming, if a thief is coming around this property here, he doesn't make himself known openly, but he also doesn't just come to strike. He makes his investigations. The thief has to find out, is there somebody who is guarding the place? Do they have some security? Are the doors always locked? Do they have flood lights that will expose me? He makes his investigations first to find out how best he may strike that property and break in. And I believe investigations are going on right now. And a major investigation has already gone on. God sending out a message to call out the bride. And as the ministers are proclaiming that message and preaching it and and and and and looking and hunting for that last one, that investigation is going on tonight. I want you to notice that the announcement is also secret because it's a secret sudden coming. He comes as a thief. Behold, I come as a thief. So that announcement is secret. The investigation is secret. The announcement is secret. And I want to say this, the parable of the 10 virgins clearly show this. The announcement was given to all the 10 virgins, but not all of those 10 virgins went with him when he came. Only the wise virgins who had oil in their lambs, they had oil in their vessels, they are the ones who went with the bridegroom to the wedding. Amen. And I want you to know, don't just rest because you are a member of the church. Don't just be satisfied because you are a believer. Don't just be satisfied because you are in the church. You are part of the bride. Don't just be satisfied because you have accepted the message of his second coming. Don't just be satisfied because you believe that we are in the end times. You believe that Christ is coming back. But you got to have oil in your lamp. Amen. Jesus. In Matthew chap 25:10. And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came, and they that were ready went in with him to the marriage, and the door was shut. That's the sad part. The door was shut. Once the door is shut then you cannot come in because he says I am he who opens and no man can shut and if I shut no man can open it. Amen. When once the door was shut on the ark in the days of Noah nobody else could enter. God shut Noah in and the animals and the rest perished. So will it be at this time here, behold, I come as a thief. And when he shuts the door, then the remnant goes through the tribulation period. And that's not a good thing to ever even think or imagine. Are you ready? Amen. Are you ready? He says, "Behold, I come as a thief in the night." Are you ready to meet him? I'm not talking about, "Have you been baptized?" It's good to be baptized. You must be baptized. But we need to live a higher life than just being baptized. You need a better confession than just say, "I am a member of the bride of Jesus Christ." You got to be ready. Only they that were ready went in with the bridegroom. It is not everyone who claims to be in the message of this end time or to be in the bride of the Lord Jesus Christ that will go with the bridegroom to the marriage. Only they that were ready. Amen. And I keep asking you, are you ready? Amen. Are your garments white? Amen. Are they spotless? Amen. Yes, Lord. Glory to Jesus. Have you been to the blood? Amen. Have you been washed in the blood? Amen. Are your garments spotless? Amen. They've got to be spotless. Amen. Jesus said in Matthew 7, "Not everyone that saith unto me, Lord, Lord," shall enter into the kingdom of heaven, but he that doeth the will of my father which is in heaven. And many will say to me, in that day, Lord, have we not prophesied in your name? And in your name have cast out devils, and in your name have done many wonderful works, and I will profess unto them, I never knew you, depart from me, you that work iniquity. In another parable of the marriage feast, Jesus said in Matthew 22 11, "And when the king came into to see the guest, he saw there a man which had not on a wedding garment." And he said unto him, "Friend, how camest thou in he not having a wedding garment?" and he was speechless. I don't want to be speechless on that day. I want my ticket in my hand. I want my confession solid and sure that I know him in the power of his resurrection. I want to be able to know that I am redeemed. My sins were washed away. He filled me with the Holy Ghost and he turned me around and I'm on my way to glory land. I want to be able to give an answer that Jesus is my Lord. Jesus is my savior. Jesus is my coming husband. He is my coming king. He is my bridegroom. He's the alpha and the omega, the beginning and the end. Yes. I want my confession clear. I don't want no doubt about that. I want to be able to answer when he calls me. And I say, "Hear my Lord. Speak Lord, your servant hears. Speak my Lord. Your servant is hearing. Call my Lord. Your servant will answer." Amen. When he calls for me, I want to be able to answer and say, "Here am I." Take me home, Lord. Even so, come Lord Jesus. This person who came in was addressed to as friend. He was not an enemy. He was a friend. How camest thou in friend was a friend? Someone who was in the church. Someone who was a member of the bride. A member of the believers. A member of those that claimed to be virgins. Yes, they were all virgins. They all lived a clean life. They were all sanctified. They all lived holy, but the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamb. How camest thou in hither friend not having a wedding garment? How could Queen Esther before she was Queen Esther when the king was looking for a replacement to Queen Vashi? How could she just come in her own garments? That would be rejected. How could Rebecca go to meet Isaac in her own garment, in her own apparel that would be rejected. Ela, the servant of Abraham, brought apparel, gold, silver, name it. And when Rebecca went to meet Isaac, she was putting on what came from Isaac. And when Isaac saw Rebecca putting on the very same garment that Isaac had sent, Isaac was enthused and he received Rebecca. Esther was given purification by Hagi the seventh uh chamberlain there. The wise men there, he told her how to prepare herself, how to present herself. And she was accepted because she did not want anything else for her purification except what that man gave from the king. And remember when when when uh Hmon, wicked Hmon, wanted to kill all the Hebrews there and and Esther said, "If I perish, let me perish. I'm going to see the king and plead for my people." Amen. She said, "I don't I don't know what it will be, but you people pray for me. I'm going to be fasting 3 days. I'm not going to eat nothing. I'm going to be praying and I'm going to approach that king that he might spare my people." When that third day came, Esther did not put on her apparel. She did not put on her garment. These people who came to the wedding feast, they came in their own garments. They came in their own clothes. They came in their own apperal. They came in their own dresses and their own suits. But there was a porter on the gate who had wedding garments from the married the father of the of of a of the of the son who was to get married. And everyone as he came was handed a robe, a wedding garment. Another one a wedding garment. Another the So when they went inside they they were all the same. There was no big me and little you and welldressed me and and and and and you don't know what dress to put on on weddings. Look at me. I am the real person. There was nothing like that because they were all given the same role. Amen. And the Holy Ghost is the one spirit by which we are all baptized into the body of Jesus Christ. And when you receive the Holy Ghost, I receive the Holy Ghost. There is no big me and little you. We become one in Christ Jesus. That's your wedding garment. Amen. Isn't he wonderful? Esther when she went to meet the king, she took her royal crown. She had been given that by the king. When the king made her queen to replace Vashi, the king gave Esther a royal crown and a royal robe. So when she wanted to go and see the king, she put on the garment that had come from the king and the crown that had come from the king. And when the king saw that, he handed to her scepter and said, "Quinn Esther, what is it that you want? Even to the house of my kingdom, it will be given to you." And when Jesus sees the word that he sent and you are clothed in that word, in that doctrine, he will receive you in the word in Mary. Amen. Friend, how did you come in? The Bible goes on to say on verse 13, Matthew 22, the king said to the servants, "Bind him hand and foot and take him away. Cast him into outer darkness. There shall be weeping and nashing of teeth, for many are called, but few are chosen." So I want to say this loud and clear. The announcement is to all members of the bride of Jesus Christ. But only the true bride that has got oil in their vessels will go with him. Are you in that number of that church triumphant? I want to be in that number of the church triumphant. Are you one of them tonight, my Christian friend? Amen. Have you been to Jesus? For a cleansing flow. Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? I want to be one of them. I want to be one of them. Amen. Yes, Lord. Don't leave me, Jesus. Amen. Is my prayer tonight. Don't leave me, Jesus. Is my plea tonight. I want to make it. All that's upon my heart and my mind is that I can make it for the rapture. I just want to make it through. I just want to hit the finishing line. I just want to take the prize of immortality, the crown of life. Amen. Amen. Matthew 25 says on verse 6, "And at midnight there was a cry made, behold, the bridegroom cometh. Go ye out. Go ye out to meet him." There is the secret announcement of the secret thief coming of the Lord. a secret announcement of the secret thief coming of the Lord Jesus. That secret announcement of that secret thief coming is going on right now. That's what I'm doing as I stand before you. He's coming soon. Behold, he comes in the clouds. He's coming soon and very soon. Soon and very soon, we are going to meet the Lord. Every service that you hear with the revelation of this end time that we have is an announcement going on. Amen. It's an announcement from the messenger to the ministers now who are carrying that same announcement. Amen. Behold, I come as a thief in the night. There is the circuit announcement secret thief and the thief coming of the Lord. The bridegroom cometh. What is it? Malachi chapter 4:5. Behold, I send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. Why is God sending that prophet? Why is God sending that anointing to announce secretly not publicly? It won't be accepted. Amen. In the organizational systems, it won't be accepted in the worldly systems. It won't be accepted in the theological colleges. Amen. But the announcement is going on all the same. Behold, I send you Elijah the prophet. Amen. The secret announcement, Amen. of his first coming was made by John the Baptist. Amen. And it wasn't what the people thought it would be. Coming out from Jerusalem and in the papers and everywhere. It was out in the desert secretly out on the River Jordan. secretly the voice of one crying out in the wilderness, "Prepare ye the way of the Lord." Amen. It wasn't as public as you will ever think it was. Those that cared to hear had to come down from Jerusalem, come down from their high places, and come down from their positions of what they thought they knew. They had to come down, humble themselves, go to the river Jordan out in the desert to hear an announcement of such an important person coming, the son of the living God, God in flesh, Emmanuel, the prince of peace, the virginborn baby of Mary coming, being announced by a man who never went to a seminary college or to a theological college. A man who went out into the wilderness at 9 years old and a religious fanatic or crank as the modern world would class John. He was nothing but a fanatic, but he was secretly announcing the first coming of Jesus Christ. Amen. And how many were ready for his coming? Just a handful. You can count them on your two hands. How many were ready for him when he came? They missed him. They missed his birth until God had to work with some wise men from the east to let them see this star coming out of David out of Jesse. And they followed that star till they came to Jerusalem. The star went out at the headquarters of their religion. the star went out and they began to ask where is he born king of the Jews and that's when the church began to kind like wake up a bit and Herod demanded from those Pharisees and the priests and the Sadducees and them he demanded according to your law where is Messiah supposed to be born and they had to search there urgently because they were under threat from Herod And they found out it's written Bethlehem of Judea. So they told the wise men it's in Bethlehem. And Herod says if you see that child please give me word so I can worship him too. Though he wanted to kill him. But he could not be destroyed. Amen. He had a purpose to fulfill. They killed all the children from 2 years and under but they did not get Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. They killed all the maleborn children in the days of Pharaoh looking for Moses, but they did not get Moses. The fairy furnace could not destroy Shadrach, Mishik, and Abednego. And the den of lions could not destroy Daniel. God promised, "I will be with you. Amen. Nothing will hurt you. When you pass through the fire, I will be with you. When you pass through the waters, I will be with you. And Jesus says, I will be with you to the end. And even tonight, even right there where you are, you might be having a lot of problems. You might be having a lot of affliction, but God will bring you out. Many are the afflictions of the righteous. Many are the troubles of the righteous. But the Lord delivers him from all of them. You are coming out of it. Someone shout hallelujah. You are coming out. You are coming out of your trouble. You are coming out of your sickness. You are coming out. You are coming out of that cancer. You are coming out. You are coming out of that high blood pressure. You are coming out of it. You are coming out of it. Yes, you're coming out of it. You are going to be healed. You are not going to die. You are going to [Applause] live. My Lord and my God. You are going to live. You are not going to die. And I want you to know tonight God is on your side. And if God before you, who can be against you? Nobody. I say nobody. If the Holy Ghost is standing with you and standing for you, no weapon, no weapon that is formed against you will ever prosper. Go ahead and rejoice. Go ahead and praise God. Go ahead and thank God. You will make it. You will be healed. You will overcome. Your desire will be granted. [Music] Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. This is beautiful here. When Esther went to meet the king. She remembered to put on the royal opera that had come from the king. the royal crown that had come from the king. And she said, "If I perish, let me perish." But I am dressed in his garments. I am putting on his garment. I am putting on the crown that he gave me. Amen. And when she stood there and the king saw his material, Amen. perfectly fitting on Esther. The king said, "I'll give you half half of my kingdom." Ask anything, I'll give it to you. And when Jesus, King Jesus, when he sees you clothed in the garment of his word, believing his word, believe his promises, he will recognize his word in you. Hallelujah. And he will grant you your heart's desire. Can someone say amen to? Oh yes, Siri. Blessed be the name of the Lord. I feel good right now. I feel very good really. I really I thank God for his word. I thank God. Jesus says if you abide in me and my word abide in you, you shall ask anything, it will be done unto you. He says, "As the branch cannot do anything if it's not connected to the vine, neither can you do anything without me." He says, "Without me, you can do nothing. But if you abide in me and my word abides in you, you will ask whatever you want. It will be done unto you." Amen. Here is the announcement. secretly. It's not going to be broadcast on every television uh program and be broadcast and and and and you know all the big mainline churches accepting it. No, no, it will be evil spoken of. It will be despised. Amen. It will be looked down upon. It will be sidelined. It will be like a non-event. The coming of John the Baptist was such a great thing. When you read in the Bible here, it says, you know, the high places will be brought down low. When you read that, you want to see something very high coming down and you won't see it. But the high places were brought down low when those Pharisees came down and said, "What can we do?" The soldiers and them asking John, "What can we do?" And John says, "Well, you must bring fruit, meet unto repentance." That's what he told them. That's what he told them. What is the announcement secretly? Behold, I will send you Elijah. He's not going to go on every radio broadcast. He's not going to be on the front page of the newspapers. He's not going to be accepted in the theological colleges. It's a secret announcement. Matthew 17. And Jesus answered on verse 11 and said unto them, Elias truly shall first come and restore all things, but it's done secretly until it goes by and nobody knows it has been done. That's right. Now God has a way of doing things and he will never change it. In John chapter 14 on verse 4, Jesus answering Philillip or Thomas who said uh show us the way or something like Jesus before Thomas answered he's talking about I go prepare a place for you so where I am you may also be there. Then he says and wheither I go you know and the way you know. Come on. I like that. Amen. You know where I'm going. I'm not going I'm not going to Jerusalem. I'm I'm not going to Cairo, Egypt. I'm going to heaven. I came from God. I go back to God. You know where I'm going. I go where I came from. And you know, saints, you go where you came from. If you were in the mind of God, you are going right back there. If you were with him before the foundation of the world, you are going right back there. Jesus says, I go, you know where I'm going. I'm not going to hell. I'm going to heaven. I'm not going to Jerusalem. I am going to heaven. You know where I am going. And the way you know. But if you read on further, he says, I am the way. Amen. Amen. I am the way. He says, "And without me, no man can come to the father." That's where he was going to the father. You want to go to the father, you go by Jesus Christ because Jesus Christ was Emmanuel, God in flesh. Amen. He who was above now came to dwell with. Amen. And after a while, he came to dwell in by the baptism of his spirit. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So he says whether I go you know and the way you know God has got a way of doing his things he never changes his way and that's why we miss him because we want him to do something new which suits our modernday society. How did he announce the coming of Jesus when John the Baptist was here? Was it in every cathedral? Was it in every big place out in the desert? Amen. Nobody ever knew that something was going on down there. Amen. But it was going on all the same. Amen. The fact that people don't really know what's going on doesn't mean there's nothing going on. And the fact that you don't see nothing going on doesn't mean there's nothing going on. You don't see nothing. But I see something. Those who believe are seeing something. Those who are expecting, those who are waiting, those who love his appearing are already feeling the change inside of them. Glory to God. Those that believe are ready. They're getting ready every day. So he was revealing, he was unveiling the secret coming, announcing it, and they never saw it. They never s until the disciples came. Wasn't Elias supposed to come? He says he's come and gone. He's come and gone. You never saw him. You never realized because your mindset is I didn't get the wedding bell. There were no wedding bell for no wedding bells for this wedding in here. So how can it be? That's not the way his coming will be announced. Amen. It's announced secretly. Amen. It's announced in a despised way. Amen. It's announced in a very unpopular way. Amen. In a way that the rest of the world doesn't want, but he announces it anyhow. Amen. What is the way? You know where I'm going and you know the way. So what is the way? If God has to announce, behold the bridegroom cometh. Yeah. Go out to meet him. That's a proclamation. That's an announcement. How does God do it? Well, this is not the first coming here that we are looking for. It's not the first coming. This is the second coming. So, there's been another coming. How was it announced? The John Baptist way. It was not a public announcement. Here is the way. Amos 3:7, Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he reveals his secret unto his servants, the prophets. So when God revealed to the prophet, he's announcing now that's up to you now to to to find out who has made the announcement or who is making the announcement. But God will not leave that way. Amen. He will do nothing. But he reveals his secrets to his servants, the prophets. He sends them out. Amen. And he sends them out early. Amen. He sent Jeremiah. Send him out early. He sent Isaiah. Send him out early. He sent Noah. Send him out early. He sent Moses. Send him out early to announce Oh yes, he's coming. He never leaves that way. Surely the Lord God will do nothing but he reveals his secret and to his servants the prophets. So we all can agree he's coming secretly because he says I come as a thief. So his secret coming will be announced secretly by that channel of Amos 3:7. Amen. Amen. He never live. You know the way. Jesus said whether I go you know and the way you know you know then it I am the way. Amen. I I like that. Whether I go, you know, and the way you know. And they're thinking, what way is it? Which way? He says, I am the way. It's not far. Jesus is the answer. Can we say amen? Jesus is the answer. Come on, put your hands together and praise God for me. Praise God for me. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. It's it's so simple. Uhhuh. When they were scratching their heads, you know, whether I go, you know, and the way you know, and they're saying, which which is the way? How do we get to where he is going? In fact, I don't even know where he is going. Because if you read further on, Philillip said, we don't know where you're going. Then show us the way. Then Jesus answered those two questions in one answer. And he says, "Have I been so long time with you? And yet thou has not known me, Phillip?" No. Before that verse there, brother, if you're going to your sister, if you're going to uh to uh to help me there, Philillip said unto him, Lord, before that, what's what's verse six there? If you had known me, the other one before that. All right, the other one before that. You're right. Let's go to verse. Oh, yeah. There we are. Thomas said unto him, Lord, we know not whether thou goest. And how can we know the way? Two things he's asking because Christ says, "The way you know, and you know where I am going. Whether I'm going, you know, and the way you know." Thomas says, "We we know nothing of those things there. We don't know where you are going, and we don't even know the way." And Jesus says, "I am the way." So simple. Yeah. Philip thought maybe he was going to be told some complicated method of being born again and some complicated thing of how to know that you've got the Holy Ghost and maybe you did that and then you did that and then maybe No, I am the way. Jesus is the way. Amen. Allow me to say to you tonight, friends, he is coming as a thief. Amen. Are you ready? He's not going to wait any longer. He's not going to delay much longer. The signs around us are telling us, "Yes, it is. His coming draweth nigh." Amen. when he wanted to come in the days of Noah, he sent Noah to secretly announce that. And Noah says, "Let's build an ark here. It's going to rain. It's going to rain. It's going to rain." And they mocked him and they didn't want to hear him. But he had a secret announcement. It's going to rain. Please build an ark with me. I've got the measurement. And I know what type of wood you must use. Don't get that other type of wood. Don't get the pine. Don't get the cedar. You get gopher wood. And those who want to use their wisdom, they'll say, "Oh, go for wood. That's the worst wood you can ever use to make an ark. It's too soft. But God wanted that soft wood so that it could be socked in tar. Oil socked in tar. The Holy Ghost sock going in there. Close all the pores until it becomes so strong no water can penetrate. And yet it's still light. He doesn't sink. Oh, ain't God good? Ain't God good, friend? Ain't God good, friend? Noah was like a wild man screaming, "Come, let's build the ark. I have the revelation. Please, I know the measurements. I know how many stories it must be." And you know what? Nobody, nobody escaped that flood unless he came in through the door where Noah was standing. Amen. And say, "Yes, there's room for you. Come in." The animals, there's room for you. Come in. If any more than the number of animals tried to come in, he would say, "No, we have enough giraffes now." Amen. There's enough giraffes. Now, if maybe a dozen a dozen deers wanted also to come in, he'll just choose the first two, male and female said, "No, no, please, it's okay." And you know what they would say as they were going back? We knew there was nothing to it. Amen. Yeah. They say, "Yeah, we were just trying to to find out what was going on, but we knew there was nothing to it." And there are many people who are doing that. I knew there was nothing in that church. I was just trying to find out if I can see maybe a Christian girlfriend to marry or something like that. But I knew they they off. We could go on and on, but my time is up. Are you ready to meet him? Amen. Are you ready for the second coming? Amen. Tell me, who could ever escape the death angel in the days of Moses? Who could escape the death angel outside of the secret announcement that Moses gave? Amen. when he received that commission from the burning bush and he says, "I have seen the affliction of my people and I want you, Moses, go to Pharaoh and say, Pharaoh, let my people go." Amen. Everybody who left Egypt, everybody who escaped the death angel had to display the blood on the doorpost. According to the secret announcement that Moses made. We could go on and on, but I want you to know friends, it's not what we think. It's not going to attract everybody. This is why you find that today people are so confused. There's so much going on. So many things going on, but it's not what we think. It's a secret announcement. And you know what? Blessed are your eyes and blessed are your ears. If you can see and hear that secret announcement, you are blessed. You are blessed. If you can prepare, if you can hear that, behold the bridegroom. And that's what you all are here. Bride tabernacle. Mhm. Bride church. Amen. Uh-huh. That means you have heard. You have heard the secret announcement and you are going forth to meet the Lord. And I don't want to be a foolish virgin. I want to be wise. Give me oil in my lamb. Keep me burning, Lord. Keep me burning, Lord. Keep me burning. Oh God, take away obstructions. Take away anything that may hinder. Take away all my confusion. Lord, let me have a clear mind that he is coming. He is coming. He is coming. He's coming. And I don't want to be left behind. I don't want to be left behind. The announcement has gone forth. The announcement is going on right now. What am I doing? I'm preaching to you, reading the scriptures of the second coming. Behold, he cometh quickly. Go out to meet him. Thank you, Lord. May God help you to prepare. May God dress you up. May God shut your eyes to everything negative that's going on around you. And may God open the eyes of your understanding to know that Jesus is coming soon. He's coming soon, friend. He's coming soon. He will not delay. Just so I can finish up, I'll read this this uh this uh this scripture here in the book of Revelation chapter 2. Maybe Romans 9 as I close. Romans 9:28. Just a few of these references I have here. For he will Romans 9:8. For he will finish the work and cut it short in righteousness. Because a short work will the Lord make upon the earth. God is going to finish this work. He will also finish the work in your life. Redemption is not just for your soul and your body as well. Healing is not just for the soul but for your body as well. Revelation chapter 2 verse 5. Remember therefore from whence thou art fallen. Someone say amen. Amen. Church bride, remember therefore from whence thou art fallen. I read this with tears in my eyes. I read this with tears in my eyes. I remember from whence you are falling. When we started in this message, our hearts were on fire. We would jump. We would dance in the spirit. We would praise God. We would pray all night. We would sing with tears of joy. But now many are cooling off. Remember bright tabernacle from whence thou art fallen. Remember you believers of this end time message where you are fallen and repent and do the first works. or else I will come unto thee quickly. Amen. And will remove thy candlestick. Revelation 2:16. Repent or else I will come unto thee quickly and will fight against them with the sword of my mouth. Revelation 3:11. Behold, I come quickly. Hold fast that thou has that no man may take your crown. 1 Corinthians 15:52. It will be in a moment in the twinkling of an eye. And the living creatures in Ezekiel 1:14, they had they ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning. Concerning Matthew 24 278. For as the lightning cometh out of the east shineth unto the west, so shall the coming of the son of man be. For wheresoever the carcass is, there will the eagles be gathered together. Hebrews 10:37. for yet a little while and he that shall come will come and he will not tarry. In Luke 12, let your loins be ged about. Luke 12 verse 35 to 40. Let your loins be good about and your light burning and yourself like unto men that wait for their Lord when he will return from the wedding that when he cometh and knowketh they may open unto him immediately. Amen. on verse 39. And this know that if the good men of the house had known what hour the thief would come, he would have watched and not have suffered his house to be broken into. Therefore, be ready also, for the Son of Man cometh at an hour that you think not. I am watching for the coming of the glad millennial day when our blessed Lord shall come and catch his waiting bright away. Oh my heart is filled with rapture as I labor watch and pray for our Lord is coming back to earth again. Oh, our Lord is coming back to earth again. Yes, sir. He's coming back to earth again. Sing it together with me. Satan will be bound. A thousand years will have no turn. Yes. After Jesus shall come back. Jesus coming back will be the answer. Jesus coming back will be the answer to that sorrowing cry. For the knowledge of the Lord shall fill the earth and sea and sky. God of God shall take away all sickness and the suffer his will. Amen. When our Lord lifted. Everybody join. Oh, our Lord is coming back. Oh, our Lord. Oh, Satan have no. Yes. After Jesus shall come back. Yes. Yes, the ransom. Yes. The ransom of the Lord shall come beyond then with joy. And in all his holy mountain, nothing hurts or shall destroy. Perfect peace shall fail in every heart in love with. Oh, and Jesus shall come back again. Oh, is coming back. Let's praise him. Let's rejoice tonight. Praise him. Let us be glad and rejoice for the marriage of the lamb is coming. And the sin, sorrow, pain, and death is done. World shall seize in a glorious reign with Jesus for a thousand years of peace. All the earth is groing crying for the day of sweet for our Jesus shall come back together. Everybody here is coming back. Our Lord is coming back. Oh, let's see the second verse. The second verse. Jesus coming back will be the answer to that sorrowing cry. For the knowledge of the Lord shall fill the earth and see the sky. God shall take away all sickness and the sufferers tears. Oh, when the Savior will come back. Praise him everybody. W our Lord is. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, it's coming back. Yes. Yes, it's coming back. It's coming back. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. And amen. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. There to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Let it lift my car. Hold at last to rejoice as I journey through the land. Singing as I go, pointing souls to Calary to the flames of love. May I arose my soul from without my Lord God I have through him I must hallelujah I want to see on the street so let me live my hair so Last in service we're in service for my Lord close to him. He will give me light. S my soul turn my son. Oh God, he goes ahead whatever. Hallelujah. I want to see forever of glory. Oh my holy land to where in valley where in valley I look toward the mountain high and behold and behold my savior leading up with a hand with a te guiding me guiding me I can see I hallelujah Oh, I want to see all this great when before me pillows before me right the mighty Oh my lord directs my work. He don't slic and he lets me gently through through this world below. He's a real friend. Real friend to me. Oh I love him. Hallelujah. Oh, I want to come. Oh, there glory. Let me give her to him. Come on, rejoice. Somebody rejoice. Let us rejoice. Let us rejoice. Let us rejoice, be glad and [Music] rejoice. Oh, when with the Savior we enter the glory land. Won't it be wonderful day? And the troules and cares of the story land. Won't it be wonderful day? Oh, won't it be wonderful day? Oh, having no to be joyously, joyously singing with heartfelt sorry. Oh, would it be wonderful there? I'll be walking and talking with Christ the super one. Would it be wonderful? Oh, praising, adoring the matchless eternal one. Would it be wonderful singing with my bells or ring? Oh, it the tempest will never be sweeping us. Would it be wonderful? Make sure that forever the Lord will be giving us. What a wonderful day. Hallelujah. God bless you church. Oh heaven. Hallelujah. Singing with heart. Oh, would it be [Music] wonderful? Let's just bow our heads. Let's bow our heads. And if you would like God to give you more grace to be ready, this is the time I'm going to offer you to the Lord in prayer. [Music] They say this old world can never hold me. Any moment I'll be gone. For I have made my consecration and I have my wedding garment. Oh, do you have your wedding garment? This old world can never hold [Music] me any moment. I'll be gone. For I have made my [Music] contemporation and I have my wedding garment. Oh, I'm going to pray for you. Lord Jesus, the service has come to an end. And if there is somebody without the wedding garment, I pray today that you'll be merciful. If there is somebody who doesn't know you as their personal savior, if there's somebody who hasn't received the wedding garment of the baptism of the Holy Ghost, Lord, may you touch them now. We know you said no man can come unless the father draw him. So I'm praying oh God that you draw those that you know they are your ship. Lord touch them in the name of Jesus. And even those that have already come to you but they feel they need to be ready. God I pray that you give them oil in their lamps. Give them oil in their vessels. Let them also be able to say this old world will never hold me. I have made my consecration and I have my wedding garment on. Bless them, Father. Bless those that shall be listening and those that are listening. Oh God, may you reveal yourself to each and everyone and may you make us ready for this secret coming. Yes, you have given us this secret announcement of the revelation of your word even in these last days. We ask pronouncing these blessings upon the audience. And Lord, wherever this sermon will go, let the sick be healed. Let sinners run to the altar and give their lives over to you Lord Jesus. We surrender everything to you. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I pray. Lord, Amen. God bless you. Reach the pastor. You can come. Thank you very [Music] [Music] much. Praise God. Amen. Appreciate the word tonight. If you haven't repented of your sins, been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of sin, the promise is you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. If you haven't done it, why not tonight? The day is the day of salvation. The day you hear his voice said, "Harden not your heart." So today, Amen. He's coming. Are you ready? If you're not ready tonight, it's time to come. [Music] Caleb is playing is if you want prayer tonight, you want to give your life to the Lord, maybe you've already done it when he prayed just now, but if you haven't and you want us to pray with you, you can [Music] come. Praise God. God is good. Amen. Ask our brother, brother call the neighbor, come up and give us his testimony. If you don't mind, want to come and give us [Music] testimony. Got a testimony on your heart. Praise God. You don't have a testimony. [Music] Thank the Lord for you. [Music] Hallelujah. I greet you brother and sister in the name of Jesus. I'm going to try to give you a testimony. Amen. I say I'm going to try because I speak French. Amen. I'm from Africa, but I live I live here. So, I'm going to try to I'm going to ask Holy Spirit to help me. Amen. And it's going to be okay. We get married. My wife and I, my wife is here. After one year, no pregnancy, no baby. We went to see the doctor. Doctor say everything is okay. To me, to her everything was is okay. And after second years he say he's going to try to see if her ovelation was okay was enough. Brother and sister when he check he find out the ovelation was very low. He gave a medication to make the revelation to go high. After couple of weeks we took the medication. She took it. We went back to check if the revelation was normal. Evolution was completely zero. And now the doctor say, "Mom, I never see something like that. I don't understand what's going on because evolution was three. Now it's completely zero." And he say, "Okay, let's try insemination." And I'm telling my wife stand up on his office. My wife said, "Doctor, you don't get it yet. God is telling you he don't need you to give me a baby. So you I don't go I don't I'm not going to do incimination. I'm not going to do nothing else. I'm going home. And doctor say ma'am God don't do miracle no more. He was laughing. And my wife say I I'm I'm telling you I'm going back home. You will see me here pregnant. And we went home. When we get home, we did just short prayer. We say, "God, you hear the doctor say you don't make miracle no more." So if you want the doctor to laugh after you is your problem because you see he was laughing and now we leave everything in your hand. Amen. That's it. Amen. Couple of months, couple year, couple months after she supposed to go to Africa, her aunt passed away and I went to work. I supposed to came back to drop her at the airport. When I came back, she was crying. I said, "Baby, don't cry here. The funeral is in Africa. Why you crying here?" Yeah, you don't need to cry in my house here because I spend enough money to pay a ticket to go to Africa. Let's when you get there, you cry. She said, "No, I I'm not. It's not because a funeral is because I don't know why. I just do the test, the pregnancy test, and it's positive." You see, and what why I say love my God, we decide to together if she's pregnant, she don't go to Africa. That's why we decide as human being because we know a little bit where the how the situation came from in Africa and now the plate is there luggage is ready she had to go to Africa now she find she's pregnant and I said what we do I said okay let's pray we go to ask God nobody's going to see you are pregnant nobody's going to find out and we came back here because we need to go to see The doctor told a confirmation before to tell people. By the grace of God, she went to Africa. Her sister, her her niece, her cousin, everybody, when what is our baby? When are you going to be pregnant? She didn't say nothing. She knows what what what's going on. But we pray. I said, "God, everybody supposed to be blind. We don't do that to find out who she's pregnant." And God did it. Nobody find out. Her sister work at the hospital. She didn't find out. She was something was going on. When she came back, we went to see the doctor. The doctor was he called all the nurse. He called everybody on the floor. He said, "Now I will never tell somebody you cannot have a baby." Can you imagine? So God is good. Amen. Believe me, God is good. Today I'm a pastor. I I I told my friend I work more in the community, but I can give you a lot of testimony. Amen. God is everything to me. God did many things to me in my life. Amen. I was born Catholic. My dad, my mom was big leader in the Catholic church in my country. But when I get saved, my sister don't want to talk to me. My cousin don't want to talk to me. They don't want to visit me because I I I'm not going to no more. My sister told me if you don't came back, I don't eat with you. And she never eat with me until today. By the grace of God to tell you something, something else I have seven sister. I am the only boy. So we are eight kids. You see so in my culture I supposed to be to come after my dad but I told my dad now where I am you and me you're not we don't have the same position I am with Jesus so I don't want to deal with our culture so brother and sister you at the right place you at the right address please take God seriously because what we here today is serious. Jesus is not far. He say he's coming. He's is right there. So your your brother, your friend, your sister, anybody who not who don't want to take God seriously, your job is to talk to him, is to convict him to come to Jesus because this what we supposed to do before God Jesus came back. May God bless you. I love you [Music] and praise God. Thank you. Amen. Appreciate everyone again. Appreciate the word. And I said, I know brother Jacob is tired. They wore him out last night. He did do this. But but by the grace of God, we thank God for God using him one more time. Amen. So by the grace of God, we we don't want to leave, but we got to go. Huh. God bless you. Let us stand. Thank you again everyone that press your way out. Brother Jeremiah and call and all the ministers of the gospel. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brothers from Sumpter. Thank y'all for coming. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God, brothers showers and sisters. Thank the Lord for you. Amen. Amen. We appreciate the Lord. Amen. Amen. I want to say we we we got some refreshments next door. So, uh Rachel has already prepared something. So, by the grace of God, I trust you. They got another meeting going on in town. So we didn't we didn't know and they didn't know. So it was the same time. So God knew. Amen. But God had us to go ahead. Amen. But by the grace of God, we thank God for you to press your way. Amen. Amen. Let us just bow. Father God, we thank you again for our precious brother Shaki, his wife, Lord. Lord, we just pray God as he leaves to go back home, Lord, that God you would bless bless her, oh God, the flight home, Lord, and grant travel and mercy, Lord. Lord God, bless, oh God, his congregation there in the UK. Lord God over in Zimbabwe also Lord family God I pray that you'll be with them Lord God I just pray God that your anointing oh God and your presence would go with them in the name of Jesus Christ Lord we thank you for the service tonight Lord yes Lord Lord that you spoke to somebody heart somebody heard heard your cry. Yes, Lord. Lord, it's midnight outside. Yes, Lord Jesus. Well, amen. Lord, it's getting chaotic, Lord. Yes, Lord. Very dark. Yes, Lord. Most darkness. Yes, Lord. But thank God tonight. Father, you said rise, shine, for the light has come. Yes, Lord. and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. So, Father God, let us take heed to the things we have heard. Father, help us. Help us to cry [Music] out for the abominations done in the city. Lord, be with your children now. [Music] Father, thank you for the refreshments. Yes, Lord. The things that are prepared. Pray God that you're blessed, sanctified in the name of Jesus Christ. Yes, Lord. Father God, go with us now. Yes, Lord. And let your blood cover us. Let your angels watch over us. Keep us under the shadows of your wings. Thank you, Lord. For Lord, we thank you. Thank you, Lord. In Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Don't forget next door they prepared. So, they're going to have I guess too much, but God knows. [Music]
