################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - Minister E. Legette Investigating Angels - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-13
Title:    Minister E. Legette: "Investigating Angels"
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:   Bride Tabernacle of Columbia SC
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 26m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJVqCN54xNE
========================================

Description:
Join us in person for:
Bible Study Tuesday @ 7-8pm
Sunday School Sunday 9:30 am

Virtual & In Person:
Friday @ 7:30pm
Sunday @ 10:30am
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] There's a blessing in this house waiting for you. And there's a blessing in this house waiting for you. Just have faith to receive it. God knows that you need it. There's a blessing in this house waiting for you. Oh, there's a blessing in this house waiting for you. There's a blessing in this house. waiting for you. Just have faith to receive it. God knows that you need it. There's a blessing now waiting for you. Oh, there's healing. Oh, there he is waiting for you to receive it. Oh, I know that you need it without for you salvation. [Music] waiting for you. Oh, there salvation is waiting for you. Oh, the salvation. Oh, God knows that we need it. Oh, salvation in this house waiting for you. Oh, there's a blessing. Oh, and there's a blessing waiting for you. Oh, to redeem it. Oh, God knows that we need a blessing in his house. Wait for you. Oh, never bless me there. Wait for you. Oh, neverless. Wait for you. Oh, it just happen to receive it. Oh, and just have a Oh, yes. Heat. Heat. Never let [Music] me never let me let me in this house waiting for you. Amen. There's a blessing in this house. Amen. This time we ask everyone to stand. [Music] Amen. And let us bow. Lord Jesus, we thank you for allowing us to be in your house one more time. Lord, we ask that you come down in this place and move in such a mighty and special way this morning. Lord, move us out of the way that you may get all the glory and all the praise. And Lord, will you watch over us and keep us, Lord? And Lord, bless those that are here and those that are on their way. Lord, Lord, just meet every need this morning. Lord, bless the song service and bless the preaching of your word. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Thank you [Music] Jesus. This one down Jesus. Oh come magnify the Lord for he is worthy to be praised. And oh magnify the Lord for he is worthy to be praised. Hosana let there be the rock. Let me be the rock forever. by the Lord for he worthy to be praised forever. Oh, let me go. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Let me be the rock. Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my god. Amen. Blessed be the rocky man. At this time we ask you sister Angelica come give us a song. Amen. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. I will lift up mine eyes to the hills from which cometh my help. My help cometh from the Lord. The Lord which made heaven and earth. He said he will not suffer thy foot thy foot to be moved. The Lord which keepeth thee, he will not slumber nor sleep. For the Lord is my keeper. The Lord is my shame upon my right hand. upon my right hand. No sun by day, no more night. He shall preserve the soul even forever more. Heat. Heat. [Music] And I will lift up my eyes to the hill from my help. I have come from the Lord. The Lord which made heaven and earth. He said he will not suffer thy foot thy foot to remove the Lord which [Music] keep the Lord see. Oh God the Lord is my keeper. The Lord is my right hand. My right hand shall not cry my name. He shall preserve my soul forever. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. All of my help. Amen. [Music] [Applause] Amen. God is good this morning. Amen. [Music] [Music] Amen. There shall be light in the evening time. Past the glory you will surely find. Through the waterway is the light today. Buried in preious name. Young and old, get up all your things and the Holy Ghost and the shall be the glory you will surely through the one away. There is the present of all your and the Holy Ghost and the delighted in the back of God in Christ are one. Oh, there shall be light in the evening now. And the glory you will do in the waterway is the right way. There is the day. Oh young and old and the Holy Ghost and the height in the back of God are one. Oh, there's only one one way to God and only one only one way. There's only one. There's only one. Only one. One way. Oh, it's a high to heaven. I can't walk up there. Oh, walking on the highway. Heat. Heat. the walking of the king. Walking up the king's high way. Amen. Walking up the king's highway. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. I'm going to try this song. [Music] So, y'all help me out. Said I want to take a ride. I want to take a ride. Oh, all angels, slow down your carrier and let me ride. Oh, I want to take a ride. Oh, I want to take a ride. Oh, all angels bring out your carrier and let me ride. Oh, I want to take a ride. Oh, I want to take a ride. Oh, let me ride. Oh, I want to see. Oh, I want to see how you car. Oh, I want to take a ride. Oh, I want to take a ride. So now Oh, I want to see. Oh, I want to see. Oh, I want to see. Oh, I want to see. Oh, I want to take her. Oh, I want to take her. Oh, falling. Oh, falling. Oh, I want to see. war. Oh, I want to take a ride. I want to take a ride. Oh. Oh. I want to take a ride. Oh, I want to take a ride. Oh, angel. Oh, go down. Oh, angel down. Oh, let me ride. Amen. At this time, we ask brother Joe if he come give us the announcements. Amen. Amen. Amen. Swing down your chair. Let me ride. Amen. We'd like to welcome everybody to Bride Tabernacle this morning. On a prayer request is Samir Crawford, Wonder Gilead, Isetta Anderson, Adamine Leette, Dave Stinbar family, Bulock Carter family, mark your calendars. Our annual tent revival be will be August the 28th through the 31st. Like for everybody to join us and celebrate Sister Miriam's sweet 16 party. Amen. So happy happy pre-birth, Sister Miriam. It'll be a Saturday, May the 3rd at 3:00 p.m. at the Fellowship Hall next door. Like for everybody to join us in person for our weekly um Sunday school at 9:30 and Bible study from Tuesday from 7 to 8:00 p.m. Our topics will be for the first seal and Revelation 6. Like for everybody to enjoy the remaining of the service. Let us all stand. We ask brother Fred to lead us in a word of prayer to bless the ti and offerings. Heavenly Father, we thank you Lord. We ask you Lord if you just increase our faith Lord. You said Lord without faith it is impossible to please you Lord. We realize everything that you give us come through the belief and in him. Lord, we ask you Lord that all our sick can the one that's got problems and if you only believe that you have it, you can receive it. Lord, ask Lord you just bless this little group, Lord, and increase our unbelief. And oh God, just let the word come as a guiding post for us, Lord, and lead us and guide us to the faith we need and to the life that we should have. And oh God, just bless us, Lord. Bless the songs. Bless the remainder of the song service and word. Let it come in power and demonstration. We ask these things in the name of Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior. Amen. [Music] [Music] My friends may oppress me down and turn my glad to God didn't say that my life would be easy So when you knock me down, I'll keep my hand in the master's hand. all day. Oh, and I'm going to ride. I'm going to ride. You want to take me to fly away? Oh, my friend. My oh God didn't my life he did all the way I'm ever going to ever. Oh, I'll keep my life. Oh, come. Oh, and I'm going to ride. I'm going to ride. around this world. Oh, so very very hard. He's trying to hold me down. Oh, lifting your arms. Yes, I do. Help me make it through the rain. Oh, and when it gets Oh, yes. I don't worry at all. Oh, I'm going to ride. Yes, I am. Oh, I'm going to ride. that I am. Oh, I'm going to take way. Oh, let me sing that verse again. This world. Oh, listen. Oh, very very hard. He tried to hold me down. Oh, listen. Yes, I do. Help me make it through. Yes, I get up. Oh, I don't worry at all. Oh, I want to ride. I'm going to ride. I'm going to take around. I am. I'm going to take it all. Oh, I'm going to sing that one more time. Oh, but I try so very very hard. He's been trying to hold me down. Oh, listen y'all. Yes, I do. They'll be making it through the rain. Oh, and when it get Oh, I'm going to take away Amen. I'm going to rise above it all. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Let us bow our heads in a word of prayer. You have a special need, you can make it known by lifting up your hands. Heavenly Father, Lord, we come to you this morning, Lord, as humble as we know how, Lord. God truly the song says Lord when it gets rough Lord God we know it get rough sometimes when it get toughs Lord I'm not going to worry at all cuz we know that you're in control Lord we thank you for that this morning God we pray Lord that you'd bless your children Lord all those that are here Lord those that are listening in God and those that had a desire to be here this morning. God, I pray that you'd be with them somehow, Lord. I pray, oh God, that if we said or done anything that ain't like you, Lord, and if it would hinder the move of God today, Lord, I pray that you would help us, Lord, and forgive us. And, oh God, that we might, oh God, get out of the way that your spirit, oh God, might have preeminence this morning, oh God, bless your children. Bless the ministers all over the land, God, that are pouring their hearts out today, trying to get a people, Lord, to come to repentance, Lord. And, oh God, to see the light, God, I pray that you would help this morning. Send your anointing, oh God. Quicken your people in a mighty way. Bless, oh God, and continue to touch the sick and the shut in, all that are on the prayer list, God. We thank you, Lord. We love you. We appreciate you for all of your grace and your mercy towards us. Thank you, Lord. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. God is good this morning. Amen. I like that. Says, "When it gets rough." Amen. Amen. And tough. I'm not going to worry. Amen. Amen. Sometimes it's hard not to worry. Amen. But when you remember who you are, Amen. Amen. And who your father is. Amen. Amen. Like we say, who got your back, then things changed, don't it? Amen. when you put it all in God's hand. Amen. God is good. We want to look at the book of Genesis, the 18th chapter. By the grace of God, try not to hold you long. Amen. God is good. Amen. Amen. Genesis 18. We want to talk about investigating angels this morning. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Investigating angels. How many believe angels are in the earth earth today? Amen. Amen. Are you looking for them? Amen. Genesis 18 and we'll begin here at the first verse. If you got it, say amen. Amen. And it reads, "And the Lord appeared unto him in the plains of memory memory. And he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day. And he lifted up his eyes, and behold, and lo, three men stood by him. And when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door, and bowed himself toward the ground, and said, "My Lord, if now I have found favor in thy sight, pass not away, I pray, thee, from thy servant. Let a little water, I pray, you be fetched, and wash your feet, and rest yourselves under the tree. And I will fetch a morsel of bread, and comfort ye your hearts. After that ye shall pass on, for therefore therefore are ye come to your servant. And they said, so do as thou hast said. And Abraham hasted and into the tent unto Sarah, and said, Make ready quick quickly three measures of fine meal needed, and make cakes upon the earth. And Abraham ran ran unto the Lord and into and to the herd and fetched a calf tender and good and gave it into a young man and he hasted to dress it. He took butter and milk and calf and dressed it and set before him. And he stood by them under the tree and they did eat. And they said unto him, where is Sarah thy wife? And he said, "Behold, in the tent," and he said, "I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life. And lo, Sarah, thy wife shall have a son." And Sarah heard it in the tent door which was behind them. Now Abraham and Sarah were old and well stricken in age, and it ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women. Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, "After I am wax, old shall I have pleasure. My Lord being old also." You may be seated. I'm going to read down a little further. She laughed. Amen. Come on. God given her a word and she laughed. That's something, ain't it? Here in the 14th verse says, is there in the 13th verse? And the Lord said unto Abraham, "Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Surely I of assurity sure, saying, Shall I of assurity bear a child which am old?" Is there anything too hard for the Lord? At the appointed time, I will return unto thee according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son." Then Sarah denied, saying, I laugh not, for she was afraid. And he said, "Nay, but thou did laugh." And a men arose from then, and took towards Sodom, and Abraham went with them to bring them on the way. And the Lord said, "Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do, seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and a mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him. For I know him that he will command his children and his household after him that and they shall keep the way of the Lord to do justice and judgment that the Lord may bring upon Abraham that which he has spoken. And the Lord said, "Because the cry of Sodom and Gomorra is great, and because their sin is very grievous, I will go down now and see whether they have done allto together according to the cry of it which is come unto me, and if not, I will know." And the men turned their faces from then, and went toward Sodom. But Abram stood yet before the Lord. May God have a blessed reading of his word this morning. This morning, just for a moment, I want to talk about investigating angels. Amen. Investigating angels. Now, we know that, you know, uh we all know that we're living in the end time. Amen. That's one thing that we can't deny that we're living in the end time. Even in living in the time of of of you know, wars, rumors of wars, pestilence, right? Come on. droughts, famines, right? One turning against the other. That's the hour that we live in. Can't trust nobody, can you? That's right. But you know, so sometimes you you wonder with the world and the wickedness that is in, you wonder sometime how much more wicked can the world get, right? That scripture came to my mind that you know that you know during the end it says the love of many was going to wax cold. Right? You know, you look in the amplified version, it's talk talking about because of lawlessness, right? And people would be living in a world to where is no law really apply to them, right? So, you do what you want to do when you want to do and everything going to be all right, right? Or you make your own rules and you you live by them. And and sometimes people do that and they think God just going to have to take whatever they give them, right? I've heard people say that before that this is the way I am and and this is the way God made me. So, he just got to take it this way. Right? But that's a great deception, right? One thing about it, we didn't make ourselves. Come on. God created man, didn't he? Come on. And he didn't create us to just do what we want when we want. Hallelujah. Amen. But God created us for one thing, and that is to serve him. Hallelujah. Amen. And to give him praise. That's why you give your hands for, right? We do everything with our hands except for what God graded them for, right? Hallelujah. He give us those hands to clap and raise them and worship him. But you know, people are shamed to do that, ain't they? Hallelujah. People ashamed to raise their hands and say, "Lord, thank you." Come on. Thank you for giving me another day. Thank you for giving me breath to breathe. Thank you, Lord, for all your goodness and your mercy. people, they shamed to do that, ain't they? Come on. But what if God took them hands away? Hallelujah. Come on. But I want to say this morning, you know, one thing about it, you know, he said, if you be shamed of him, he'll be ashamed of you. You deny him, he'll deny you. One thing about it on that day, I want God to be able Jesus to look and say, "He didn't deny me." Hallelujah. He wasn't ashamed of me or she wasn't ashamed of me, but so I'm not going to be ashamed of them right now. Come on. Come on. That's one person that you don't want to deny you. Come on. Mother deny you. Father deny you. Friends. Come on. But you don't want God to deny you. I want God to say, just like how he told Abraham, I know Abraham. Hallelujah. And I know what he going to do. I know what's in his heart. He going to command his children to walk in my ways. Hallelujah. So I can tell him my secrets. Hallelujah. I can tell him what's coming up ahead because I know what's in his heart. And I'm so glad today. See the thing about it is you know I look at my life many times and I says that you know there were many sometimes you look at that were more worthy than you that God could have raised up God could have blessed and did all these other things but I'm so glad that God knew me better than I knew myself. Hallelujah. He knew that in my heart. Hallelujah. If he give me an opportunity that I'll do right. He knew in my heart that if I got the opportunity, I'd serve him with all that I got. Now, I'm glad because I didn't put that there. God put that there. Hallelujah. Ain't you glad that God thought about you this morning? Come on. Somebody, oh, can't do this and don't wish I could do that. Come on. But you ought to be glad that God kept you in the number. Hallelujah. You ought to be glad that God saved you from a life of miserleness, right? Come on. There's many things, many places. If God wouldn't have kept you and let you slip. Come on. But the mercy of God, that's the age. You know, we living in the age of grace right now. Come on. When the capstone was coming, what? It was a shout of grace, wasn't it? Come on. In the world that we live in, even the world himself know that it's the grace of God keeping us every day. Amen. Come on. Y'all believe that? I was thinking about how wicked the hour is that we live in. I was looking at yesterday the the sheriff talk about the the video showing a video of the shooting they had in the mall the other day. I mean, you know, young people now walking in the mall. Two of them just had handguns, but one of them had a rifle. Now, you can't go to the store without carrying your rifle. What kind of world we living in? And they had a shootout in the middle of the mall. And they had the little the lady with the girl walking with the baby in the stroller. And it started she was caught right in the middle of it. And they showed a video of her laying down covering her baby. What the sheriff was saying, he said it was the grace of God. Neither one of them got hit. I began to think about that that even the everybody know it's the grace of God. Hallelujah. Right. Come on. Because things are happening. They're happening so fast. They're happening all the time. It's God's grace, ain't it? Come on. I was thinking about that great earthquake over at uh forget where it was at over there sees not long ago, Thailand or somewhere, but 7.7 or something like that. Come on. People just going about their natural business, their natural things. All of a sudden, the earth starts shaking. That's right. Come on. And many people lost their life. Don't you know that every moment we living by the grace of God? Amen. Somebody showed me a video a whole bunch of people in a club somewhere in the in down south in the in the uh Pacific or somewhere like that. Anyway, the roof fell in, killed over 900 something people. Come on. But what it is, that's the thing. You know, the world is going on doing their thing, right? Not knowing that your days are numbered. Not knowing that one day God going to get tired. Come on. Amen. Somebody say amen this morning. Amen. God going to get tired one day, ain't he? But I just pray that I'm on the right side. Hallelujah. That's why every day we wake up and we pray and say, "Lord, keep my mind." Hallelujah. Keep my feet. Guide my footsteps. Lord, let the the words from my mouth and the meditation of my heart. Come on. That's what it's about. Let it be acceptable in whose sight? God's sight. Right. Come on. Everybody want to be Everybody want men and all that to prove, but come on. You got to be acceptable in whose sight? God's sight. Amen. Come on. Man will be on your side today and turn on you tomorrow. Amen. Yes, they will. Amen. Family will be on your side today and turn on you tomorrow. Amen. But one thing about it, when God choose you, he don't turn on you. Hallelujah. God know who you are. He chose you from the beginning and he didn't make no mistake about it. I believe that. Amen. Oh, and I'm thankful. Hallelujah. Come on. But we living in a a wicked hour, ain't we? Come on. And in the hour that we're living in. Come on. We know that Sodom and Gomorrah is back. Come on. How many believe that today? Come on. There's no denying it, right? Come on. We living in that hour, ain't we? It's as it was in the days of Lot. It'll be the same way today. Ain't it? Come on. And we can see the signs of the times. Hallelujah. Come on. And y'all and your heart should be saying, "Come, Lord Jesus, come." Hallelujah. But you know in that hour, hallelujah, we're talking about investigating angels. In that hour, angels were in the earth, wasn't they? Come on. Angels were in the earth. Amen. You know, the scriptures in Hebrews uh 13 talked about the the the the beware that you who you entertain because you angels, right? Amen. You think they're just strangers, but angels are among us. Hallelujah. But many of times people ain't spiritual enough to know that angels are among you, right? Come on. What the these angels come to do, hallelujah. Not only do they come to investigate and see if the time is right, hallelujah, for God's judgment, but they also got another purpose. I believe that. And that is to encourage you and I that God ain't forgot about you. Hallelujah. to encourage you that the promises that God made you, come on, look like they ain't materialized yet, but in the appointed time, hallelujah. Oh, Jesus. I like how they told uh they told uh Abraham knows, it says, "We ain't forgot about Sarah. We ain't forgot about y'all." Hallelujah. Come on. He says, "But in the appointed time," Hallelujah. How many know that God's got an appointed time? See, that's what it is. We get impatient because we think God ain't moved yet. But I'm saying this morning, I believe that in all of my heart, God, when he makes you a promise, he's going to come through with that a promise. And he's got an appointed time that he's going to come through with it. Come on. It ain't in your timing, but it's in God's timing. Hallelujah. Come on. That ought to make you shout this morning. Come on. That ought to excite you. One thing about it, I look at it this way. I said, "God, you made the promise." Come on. Look like situation worse, but God, this is what your word said. And your word can't fail. Hallelujah. You're not a man that you should lie. Come on. But all of your promises are yay and not nay. Come on. Children getting worse, family getting worse, jobs going down. But God, you made us a promise. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. And I believe your promise. I'm holding on to your word, God. Oh, Jesus. Come on now. How many feel like holding on to God's word? Come on. Lord, they came to remind us. Hallelujah. Say at the appointed time. Come on. Yes, Lord. You've been holding out for so many years, but God ain't forgot about you. Hallelujah. Come on. You're still waiting, but God ain't forgot about you. Yes, Lord. Come on. Just just just keep holding on. I'm going to do what I said I'm going to do. Hallelujah. You just keep holding on now. Healing is on the way. Deliverance is on the way. You just keep holding on. Come on. I believe that. Hallelujah. I was thinking the other day, I said, God is still a healer now. It don't matter what, God is still a healer, ain't it? Amen. Come on. What happens? Your your faith. Hallelujah. The power of your faith brings the power of God on the scene. Amen. Amen. Come on. When your faith is at it in width, that's when the power of God take over. Hallelujah. I was thinking about uh Mo Moses mom mother and they had faith, didn't they? They took them and put them in that basket, but that's all they can do. But when their faith was at its end, then the power of God took over, didn't it? Hallelujah. Amen. Come on. Put them in there. They did all they did all they can do. Now it was up to God. Yes, Lord. And his power to take over from there. Hallelujah, Lord. And didn't he do what he promised? Didn't he keep that child? Hallelujah. Didn't he watch over that basket? Hallelujah. Oh, Jesus. Come on. When you done all you could do, watch the power of God then. Come on. That woman, all she had was a little bit. But what did Elijah tell her? You make me a cake first. Hallelujah. It took faith though, didn't it? Hallelujah. But when she gave out her last in faith, what happened? The power of God took over, didn't it? Come on. When you done all you can do, the power of God will take over. I'm a firm believer in that. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. So many times and say, "God, I did all I can do." Yes, Lord. Come on. Well, you don't worry about it because now God's power getting ready to take over. Come on, God. I I done did all I can do. I'm trusting in you. It's in your hands, God. Yes. Hallelujah. It's in your hands from this point, Lord. I done did all I can do. It's in your hands now. God, I'm trusting in you now. Hallelujah. And watch G. We can't control God. All we can do is just believe him. Come on. And he'll do what he said. It look like it getting worse. So what? Hallelujah. Those Hebrew boys said if he don't do it, we still won't bow down because we believe he's still able. their faith when they turned loose. Hallelujah. They was even thrown in the fire, but the power of God took over, didn't it? Oh, I'm so I'm so glad this morning. Come on. I don't know about you, but I still believe in the power of God. Come on. Amen. So many times people look at situations and they look hopeless, so they just give up. Don't they? Come on. But I don't believe God wants us to give up. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Come on now. Amen. Even in death, like like the Paul says, "Oh, death, wears thy sting." Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, grave where's thy victory. God don't want you to give up. Come on. But he wants you to continue to trusting in him. How many want to trust in him this morning? Come on. But we know that like we said in that time, hallelujah, the angels when they came, they came for some purposes right in that time. And I believe that we living in that time. See what the problem is today. We were saying last week, you know, as that people come to church, hallelujah, and they read the Bible, but yet they don't believe it. Come on. They might even jump and they might even shout, but when it comes down to the supernatural things, it's hard for them to grasp. Hallelujah. Come on. But I want to say, just as real as you sitting here this morning, hallelujah. Just as real as those those pews are that you sitting in, just as real as those clothes on that you that you wearing this morning, God is real. Just as real as that. Come on. Amen. This ain't no fairy tale or no hype sermon or that we try to get the people into. But this is some reality we're trying to get you to tap into. Amen. We're trying to get you to tap into the things that are eternal. Hallelujah. Amen. Because when you tap into those things, then you'll let go of these temporal things. Amen. You'll realize that these things ain't going to last forever. And you'll look to the things that's eternal. You'll begin to reaching out for those things that's going to that's got some weight to them. Hallelujah. You'll reach out those things that's got some lasting properties to them. Hallelujah. Cuz you realize heaven and earth will pass away. But the word of God, it'll stand forever. If I hide his word in my heart. Hallelujah. I don't have to worry about fading away. Why? Because the word is in me. Amen. Oh Jesus. Come on. And that's more important than anything. How many believe that this morning? Come on. It is. Come on. But we find that I say is what it is. Come on. They was down here investigating, wasn't it? Come on. I believe angels in the earth investigating today. What a what a mis not a miserable some for the world. It's miserable for you and I is glorious. Amen. What a time we live in today. Come on. Amen. We live in a time, how many can agree with that this morning? Amen. Amen. Where even our politicians debating between things they don't know what's right and wrong. Hallelujah. Amen. Come on. Debating things that shouldn't even be wasted time on. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. debating what's what's the definition sometimes of a man or a woman. Come on. Amen. Somebody say amen this morning. Amen. Amen. And they going to lock you up if you preach against it. Amen. Hey. Hallelujah. But nevertheless, come on. I believe that wherever you are, if you standing for the word of God, God's got your back. They can throw you in jail. Hallelujah. They can strip everything from you. But my God owns every cattle on the hill. Hallelujah. Long as he lives, I'll live also. Come on. I believe that. Amen. But that's the kind of world we live in. Right. Amen. Don't know the difference between right and wrong. What's happened to the world today? People minds have gotten confused. Amen. Right. Come on. When they Bible says that when they knew God, they worshiped him not. Right. as God. But they became vain in their own what? Imaginations. Sometimes people live in such imaginary worlds, they don't know how to come out of them. Amen. They've been acting and pretending for so long, they don't know what reality is. Come on. But the word of God wants to bring us back to reality. Hallelujah. The word of God wants to bring us back to what's real. How many believe that this morning? Come on. But that's the world we live in. That's the world they were dealing with in that day. Come on. But one thing they didn't realize that their lives, Hallelujah. The way they were living produced a cry, didn't it? Come on. It produced a cry. You know, God is listening all the time. Heaven is listening. How many believe that this morning? Amen. Come on. The life that you live, the preacher might can't see it. Hallelujah. The brothers and sisters of your own family might can't see it, but God, he sees the life that you live. Come on. And that got more weight than what everybody else seeing from their natural eyes. What's in your heart? God can see it. And that's why God judges the way he judges. Sometimes we look at people and say, "How could God have mercy on them?" That's because God heard what their heart was saying. God knew that they were just caught up in a mess. Hallelujah. And if they had chance, they get out of it. So God got need to have mercy on them. Hallelujah. And I'm so glad this morning that that's what God looks at. Hallelujah. We all were born in a mess. Born in sin, come into a world speaking lies. Hallelujah. But God knew us. Hallelujah. Before the foundation of the world, he knew you. Hallelujah. He knew what choices you make. He knew you love him. Come on. I'm so glad of that this morning. But in that hour, hallelujah, the world was so wicked, wasn't it? Come on. That that it it it produced such a cry that God himself, he couldn't he couldn't wait until everybody else got in that condition. He says, "But we got to go down there and see about them now." Hallelujah. Right. Come on. world in the condition. You know, sometimes you say, "How how' they get that into that condition?" Come on. How? Hallelujah. And I think about even today looking at the church world. Oh, it's in bad shape. Come on. Real bad shape. Sometimes people don't want to, oh, it's a good church. It's a good Come on. But one thing about it, Hallelujah. The only only true church, Hallelujah. They'll be living in God. Hallelujah. They'll be walking in the way God asked them to walk. Hallelujah. But the thing is today, everybody want to be the same. Everybody want to say, "Let's come together." Hallelujah. Cuz we all the same. But I want to say this morning, we're not the same. Hallelujah. We're different. Hallelujah. We born again. Hallelujah. We filled with the Holy Ghost. Come on. Walking in the light of God. Come on. You can't. Oh, hallelujah. Come on now. You can't be the same, can you? But what it is, I says what it is. You know, I was thinking about in that hour. Lot I said sometimes you wonder how Lot how in his righteous being a righteous person as he was supposed to be. How could he stomach living in that environment? Come on. How could he stomach? Come on. But some kind of way he was able to stomach it, right? What What caused him to be in that environment and didn't mind living in that environment? Was it because of money? Hallelujah. Was it because of popularity? Hallelujah. What was it that caused caused him to see the condition of the people and still want to stay in there? Hallelujah. It baffles your mind sometimes. says says, "You know, I I thought I said some something in him should have been disturbed." Hallelujah. Something in him should have wanted to to get away from all that. But yet he he wanted to stay down in there. What was it? Hallelujah. It's the same thing that drives people today. Hallelujah. Right. Same thing that drive people today. But I said, what is God in all his infinite mercy wanting to Hallelujah? God doesn't want to hurt you. Hallelujah. But he comes to call you out of those places. He comes to call you out and say, "Hey, I want you to come unto me. Get it from among them." Because if you stay out there long enough, you might have good intentions, but if you stay out there long enough, it's going to contaminate you if you stay out there long enough. Come on now. I believe that. Hallelujah. I'm so glad that God called my name. Aren't you glad that God called your name? Aren't you glad that something just wouldn't sit right with you when you were out amongst it? Something just wouldn't sit right with you. You knew that it was something calling you. Hallelujah. It was a purity that you wanted and you couldn't be satisfied until God spoke the word. Hallelujah. And you heard it one day and called you out of sin and shame. called you out of darkness, called you up to a higher plane. Hallelujah. That I can't just shout and dance and not see the power of God. I can't just go to church year in and year out and don't have no change. But God, I need a change. Hallelujah. God, I need you to do something real in my life. God, I need the power to change me. Oh God, have you ever felt like that? Come on. Oh Jesus. I feel like that even right now. Come on. Cuz I say one thing about it. You know, I believe that right now we going to need more than what we got. Amen. Come on. The devil is ramped up. Y'all believe that? Amen. Come on. Amen. The power of Satan is ramped up. Come on. Now, what is what is God's power to do? He said when the enemy come in like a flood, what he say? Spirit of the Lord. Spirit of the Lord. Hallelujah. It's going to do what? Lift up a standard. Come on. Amen. Not your own strength. Come on. But it's going to be God doing something, taking you on into that place. Amen. Sometimes you as an individual might see where you need to be. But remember, you can't get there on your own. It's going to have to take something from God. Hallelujah. To swoop down and kick pick you up and take you into that place. I believe that with all of my heart. It's going to have it's going to take God to swoop down and get you to where you need to be at. That's why we always pray, Lord, stir us up again. God, refill us again. God, do something new in our lives again, God. You did it once, God. Do it again. Hallelujah. God, show yourself alive and well, oh God, by many infallible proofs. Do it again, God. Because I need something to reignite me, God. I don't feel I am where I want to be, God, or where I need to be. I need your power. I need your anointing. I need it, God. Hallelujah. Swoop down and pick me up. Send that rusted body when How many feel like that this morning? Oh Jesus. Come on. But when you know the demons you got to fight, that's the way you'll feel. Come on. I thought about I thought about Elijah. Elisha when he knew that Elijah was leaving. Come on. And he realized he had to fight some demons, right? He realized there was some challenges out there. Come on. So he didn't just ask for the same. He said, "But I want a double portion." Come on. I need a little bit more. Hallelujah. Than what you got? That's my desire. And God gave him that desire, didn't he? But he didn't just sit on it, did he? But what he did when he got it, what did he say? Where is the God of Elijah? Come on. I ain't going to just profess to have him, but where is he at? Come on. And he smoked the waters. And that same God showed up. Hallelujah. Sometimes you waiting on this one or you waiting on that one. But God is the same God. Hallelujah. He the God of the old still the God of the new. How many believe that this morning? Come on, somebody say amen. Come on. God is good this morning. Come on. I says, "But what it is you can you imagine that you know in that hour." Come on. Like we say the angels were there investigating, wasn't they? Come on. They they say we ain't going to just destroy but we going to come down and see is it all together that bad because sometimes things you hear you don't want to believe it that it's that bad. Come on. But I want to say tell you this morning I believe the world has gotten that bad. Amen. Come on. The way the people mind people minds are confused. The young they don't know right what's right and wrong sometimes. Come on. You say, "What's the what what's the blame?" Come on. We know that the spirit of this hour, come on. God, this presence is lifting off the earth. But I says that sometimes you don't even want to believe the things you hearing. But when they came down to investigate, I believe that it was worse than what they heard. Right? But one thing I like, one thing I I love about even in in this position, Abraham, I like how the Bible says he stood before the Lord. He showed what it was. He showed the path of a real Christian, I believe, or the mark of a real Christian. Because instead of him saying, "Oh, they deserve what they going through or what they about to get coming upon them." What was Abraham in Abraham's heart? He wanted to stand in the gap, right? He be to stand before the Lord and say, "Lord, I know, hallelujah, or your goodness and how good you are. I know of your mercy. God, if it's 50, Lord, we just spared a city." Come on. God said, "I'll spare 40, 45, 40 going on down the line." Hallelujah. What it was, he was showing the mark of a real Christian. Come on. Somebody that'll stand before God and say, "I know that they worthy of judgment, but God have mercy, God. Lord, don't destroy them. Lord, give them another chance. Please, God, have mercy. That's the mark of a real Christian. How many people that we see that in today? Hallelujah. That's crying down on their knees, crying out for the abominations that's done in the city. Come on. God and wrath remember mercy. We see storms. We see wars. We see all these things. Come on. But are we just worried about me and mine? Hallelujah. But you remember when the devil get done with your brother or sister, he coming to your house next. Come on. That's why we pray for one another. Lord, help my brother. Help my sister. Whatever they going through, help them to get through it. God, do something in their life. Come on. Oh Jesus. Come on. That's crying out of my heart. So many times we see that, oh, they going through. Come on. But have you prayed? Come on. Have you prayed? God is so good. Somebody give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Oh Jesus. Come on. I says, "But in that hour," come on. They came, the angels came down, come on to investigate. But even in that, I says, "What what is it going to take for God to get our attention?" Come on. What is it going to take for God to get your attention? to tell you, to show you that he loves you. He don't want to hurt you. Come on. To show you that the world don't care nothing about you. Don't even love its own. So, how's it going to love you? Come on. But God loves you. Come on. You you you cry that out all the time. Hallelujah. Especially for the young people, you cry it out because what it is, it looks so enticing, right? when when Lot from the very beginning when he looked over he saw that grass was greener, right? Thought, "Oh, I'll go over here because the grass was greener." But he didn't see up the road the trials that he was going to have to face. He didn't see when the war broke out. Hallelujah. And they took the kings captive that was going to take him as well. But yet somebody Hallelujah. God was going to use Abraham to come get him. Hallelujah. But even in that looked like he still would have learned his lesson. But no, still down there. Hallelujah. Come on. What was the what was the attraction? What was the draw? Hallelujah. But you know one thing about it, even when angels came. Come on. And that's what we dealing with today. God has given you and our word. Come on. A word of grace. Amen. That we don't have to walk in this world blind. Amen. We don't have to not understand what hour that we live in. We know what hour we live in. We know what's next. We know, come on, that Satan is on the move. We know that God is calling you and I come on up hills. Hallelujah. We know that we'll be changed in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye. And it could happen any time. But yet, people are still lingering. Lingering, doing what? Playing with their souls. Come on. Not knowing that God mean business. And one day he'll call for the last time. Amen. One day you'll hear the call for the last time. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. But I find that I says that you know he lingered in that city long didn't he? Even after the angels come and told them what they purpose was. You know the Bible says even then that morning they were still there. Come on. Lot knows lingering. The Bible says, "Why you yet lingered?" What was the attraction? Come on. But I like how the scripture says, "God being merciful." How many glad for God's mercy this morning? God being merciful. Come on. We nullify how good God's mercy is. Come on. We don't take that for account. The mercy of God. Come on. Many people, many of times don't take the account of how the mercy of God is on your life. Come on. God is having mercy. Whether it's somebody praying for you or whether it's God just looking out for you, but we don't take the account of God's mercy on your life. Amen. I was thinking about that looking at that. I looked at that video. That girl, she was caught in that middle. She fell down and hovering that baby. I don't know how many rounds they said was fire, but I says that mercy of God. Can you imagine? Hallelujah. In the spirit realm, angels guarding you. Come on. Even when you don't even regard the Lord, angels guarding you. Even when you don't even account for him, angels guarding you, standing there. But one day, you'll look back and you'll realize it that it was God that kept you. You'll realize one day that it was God looking out for you. It was God that washed over you. And I hope that you praise him like he ought to be praised. I hope that you give him thanks when you realize that. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. But we don't take an account many times, do we? Come on. I think about that. You don't don't take seems to see somebody with their leg get um bruised and next thing you know gang ring set in gone. Something has happened. Sometimes might look like little things happen and that person gone. He said, "Well, I had worse than that happened to me." God had mercy on you. Come on. I look at even in these storms that's been coming up in the last I I've been praying. I said, "Lord, no, not again." Praying because I know one thing. You ain't secure if God's mercy ain't on you. Come on. If the angels ain't there, you ain't secure. God don't dispatch them. say, "Hey, watch over. You're not secure." Come on. But you'd be just like everybody else, but God has given them a charge to watch over you. Hallelujah. Why? Because even when they down investigating, I'm so glad that they I hope I pray that they can report back to God that he's doing your will. Hallelujah. He's loving you with all his heart, when nobody else is watching, he's still doing what's right, God, in his heart. Come on. We living in a in in the end times saints as musicians come God is so good to us. You know God is merciful. Come on. I I says in in the earth today we we don't we don't take account but his angels here many of times you know you thought you thought you just met a stranger. Come on. But he came talking to you or came and did something. You thought it just a stranger might have been an angel. Amen. Do y'all believe that this morning? I know. I believe it. It's happened on many occasions. Come on. Many of times people come encourage you. Amen. Come on. Amen. You going through I know you're going through. I know what you're dealing with. But don't you worry about it. Things going to work out for you. Amen. Amen. Then you look back and you say, "Hey, what was that? That was God that that came down to encourage you." Amen. Come on. That you in the right place. You on the right road. You stay on that road. Don't you let the devil trick you to move to the right or the left, but you stay stay with God no matter what. You stay holding on to God and God going to come through. It don't matter how long it is. You stay holding on to God. That's what it is. People give up, don't they? Come on. Or they do like what Sarah did. Laugh cuz he ain't came yet and I'm so old. But I want to ask you just as they asked her, is there anything too hard for the Lord? There ain't nothing this morning that's too hard for God. How many believe that this morning? Come on. There ain't nothing. Come on. I know it's simple, but it ain't nothing. It ain't nothing too hard for the Lord. Nothing. We dealing with the one who framed the worlds. But we dealing with the one who spoke and it is just as he says. Come on. There ain't nothing too hard for him. And if that's the one that we serving, can't nothing stand in our way. Amen. Come on. If that's the one we serving, can't nothing, no devil, no mountain, no nothing can stand in your way. If that's the one you serving, let us bow this morning. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Lord, we thank you this morning. How many thank the Lord this morning? Lord, I thank you for your grace. We know, oh God, the hour that we live in. Thank you for the angels. Thank you, oh God, for coming to the rescue. Yes, Lord. So many times, Lord, oh God, we can't even count, don't even realize how good you are to us. But God, we're here this morning to say thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you for your goodness. Thank you for your grace, Lord. Thank you for your longsuffering, Lord. Your mercy, God. Thank you, God, for giving us encouragement. Oh, God. Thank you for giving us faith and making us strong. Lord, we thank you. Is that your cry this morning? Come on. Maybe you're here this morning and you hear the word and you say, "God, I don't want to be on the other side. Something, oh God, I know it's tugging on my heart. And God, I want to give you all that I have. I want to tell you this morning. Give him all that you have before it's too late. Don't wait till the door shut. Hallelujah. Don't wait till in the morning, but give God all you got right now. If you want to make that confession today, God's ears is always open. His hand his hands aren't aren't too short right now. He'll reach out, but you got to reach out to him. Remember, he ain't going to force himself on you, but he's willing to save you this morning if you want to be saved. God, I need you. God, I need your presence. Lord, I need your help. I'm caught up in the middle. Oh God, I'm in a mess. God, help me get out. God, I've been tricked trapped by the enemy. Help me get out, God. I believe God will hear a cry like that. I believe that God will come now and do something in your life if that's what you want. Thank you, Jesus. Somebody worship God this morning. Somebody praise God this morning. Come on. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Come on. I know you can do better than that this morning. Oh, I know you can give him praise better than that this morning. Hasn't he been good to you? Hasn't he picked you up? Hallelujah. Didn't he save you? Hallelujah. Didn't he heal you? Hallelujah. Didn't he make a way for you? Didn't he bring joy in your heart, peace in your soul? Oh Jesus, thank you. Hallelujah. Oh, if you can praise him right, that rushing mighty wind will sweep into place. Oh Jesus. Yes, it will. Thank you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. As our brother sings, if you want prayer, you can come this morning. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. Thank you. Hallelujah. Jesus. Jesus. I can't depend on God. I can't depend on God. Oh, I can depend on you. Oh, I can depend. [Music] Oh, through the storm, through the rain, through sickness and pain. I can't depend. I can't depend. Oh, I can't depend on I can't depend. Oh, I can depend. Oh, I can't defend. Oh, I can't. Oh, through the stor, through the rain, through I can't I can't. Yes, I can. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't. I [Music] can't. I can't. Through the sun, through the rain, through I can't I can't I can't I Heat. Heat. through the rain. I can't I can't I can't through the stor through the rain through the I can't I can't Yes. Amen. Everybody enjoy the word this morning. Let's give the Lord hands have a praise. Amen. Let us all stand. Let's bow our heads. Lord God, we thank you for allowing Brother Ernest to yield himself to your spirit that that he may speak your oracles through us. Lord, give us words of encouragement. Lord, as we leave this place, whenever your presence, we pray that you you'll be with us, Lord, be inside of us. And Lord, just not take this word for granted, but let this word simulate in our hearts. Grant all of these blessings, Lord. Grant traveling mercy to all those who are traveling, Brother Simmons, as he make it back to Colombia. And Lord, just continue to be with us and in us. In Jesus Christ's name, we thank you for all things. Let the church say, "Amen." [Music] Amen. Heat. Heat.
