################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - Bro. Caleb Simmons The Test Before the Blessing - Caleb Simmons.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-15
Title:   Bro. Caleb Simmons: "The Test Before the Blessing"
Speaker: Caleb Simmons
Church:  Bride Tabernacle of Columbia SC
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZiuxM9zSv3M
========================================

Description:
Join us in person for:
Bible Study Tuesday @ 7-8pm
Sunday School Sunday 9:30 am

Virtual & In Person:
Friday @ 7:30pm
Sunday @ 10:30am
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. [Music] I'll walk in the light. Beautiful light come where the dew drops of mercy shine bright. Shine all around us might. Oh Jesus the light of Sing it again. Walk in the light. Walk in the light. Oh, beautiful light from where the two drops of mercy shine bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. They walk in the light. Beautiful light. Where the new mercy shine bright shine all around us might be Jesus the light of the world. Walk in the light. You be my sh you Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] might be the light of the world. One more time. [Music] Heat. Heat. The light of the world. Oh, Jesus. The light of the world. Oh, Jesus. The light of the world. At this time, I ask brother Caleb to lead us in a word of prayer. [Music] [Music] Amen. Let us bow. Lord Jesus, we thank you for allowing us to be in your house, Lord, this morning. Lord, we thank you for keeping us safe. And Lord, we ask that you just bless the song service this morning. Lord, bless the preaching of your word. And Lord, just anoint this place with your presence, Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] Jesus said if you lean on me too. Jesus said if you are Oh Jesus said it if you I will let you fall. If you me [Music] I will bear your burdens. I will bear your burden. I will bear your burden. If you let you I will bear I will bear your burdens. I will bear your burdens if you will bear your burdens if you I won't let you you don't have you don't have to wor You don't have to worry if you don't have to worry If you I will let you [Music] fall Heat. Heat. [Music] I will let you fall. I will let you fall. I will let you fall. I will let you fall. I will let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I will bear your burden. I will bear your burden. You don't have to worry. You don't have to worry. You don't have to worry. You don't have to worry. [Music] I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I won't let you fall. I don't let you fall. I won't let you fall if you lean on me. Hallelujah. Lean on him. Amen. At this time, we ask the uh sisters just come give us a song. [Music] [Music] It's pretty cool. [Music] You fight on. Oh, you fight on. You fight on. Oh, you fight on. Keep your blood in your hand. You fight on. You fight on. You fight on. You fight on. You fight on. You fight on. I my Jordan River chill and chill my body but not my soul. Keep your heart in your hand my the valley in Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] You fight on. Amen. At this time, we'll have the announcements. [Music] May praise the Lord everybody. You fight on. Amen. Amen. Like to welcome everybody to bride tabernacle this morning. El Beth El Bethto tabernacle. Our brother Benny Perry Bing. Let's try this again. Let's praise the Lord everybody. [Music] Like to welcome everybody to Ride Tabernacle this morning. Ela Tabernacle will be having their annual revival June the 27th through the 29th at Swansea High School. Guest ministers will be brother Ron Peterson. Our annual attempt revival will be August the 28th through the 31st. Guest ministers will be Isaiah Brooks, Pastor Jean Williams, and Pastor Jimmy Nakasha. The church in New York City will have the annual sister retreat September the 25th through the 28th. Ministers will be brother Isaiah Brooks and Pastor Keith Reed. Like to congratulate Sister Meina Johnson. You all stand. stand. And the graduation celebration will be June the 22nd at Brad Tab at the fellowship hall at 3 p.m. and a thank you card from to the Bride Tabernacle Church from Brother Jay Miller. With sincere thanks and appreciation, I will never forget your kindness, brother J. Miller, Jr. Let's give it up. on a prayer request will be is Warner Gillard, Isetta Anderson, Adam Legette, Leapon Ramsey, Terry Stewart, and Mini Sab. Like for everybody to enjoy the remaining of the service in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Let us all stand. Lord God, we thank you for allowing us to come into your presence with praise and worship on our lips and hearts. Lord, we pray that you continue the service. Bless Brother Simmons as bring forth the word of life. Bless those who are listening in and traveling. And Lord, let us give you all the glory, glory, glory, honor, and worship. Let's do it to your name. In Jesus Christ's name, we thank you for all things. Let the church say amen. [Music] Amen. At this time we ask sister Angelica come give us a song. Yeah, I'm out. [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Lord, [Music] I will lift my eyes to the hills. [Applause] [Music] Knowing my help is coming [Applause] from you. And your peace you give me is time of the star. And you are the star of my strength. [Music] You are the strength of my life. [Music] And I live my hand. And Lord, I will live my life through the hill and know My hand [Music] and your You give me my time. of my strength of your life and I am [Music] glory. Oh, they are. Yeah. Yes. My friend the dream of my life is I Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Amen. He's the source of our strength this morning. Amen. God is good. Amen. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. [Music] Amen. said, "I can depend on God. I can't depend on God. I can't depend on God. Oh, I can't. Oh, I can't continue through the stor through the rain. I can't be. Oh, yes. Oh, I can't I can't through the rain. I can't. I can't. Yes, I can. I can't. I can't. through the rain. I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't Oh, I can't. I can't. I can't. Yes. I can't. You don't know my story and what he's brought me through. I can't. I can't. When I look back over all he's done for me, I can't. I can't. Yes. I can't. I can't. Yes, I can. Yes, I can. Yes, I can. I can. Yes, I can. Oh, through the rain. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Amen. I can't depend. Amen. God has been good this morning. Amen. Yes. Someone say, "You don't know my story and what I've been through. You don't know my pain, but God has brought me through." Amen. God has been good this morning. Amen. Let us all stand at this time. Let us bow. Lord Jesus, we thank you for allowing us to come in your house this morning. Lord, we ask that you come down this morning and move us out of the way. Lord, get all the glory, honor, and the praise. Lord, we want your anointing to flow freely in this place this morning, Lord Jesus. Lord, we ask that you would just come down and speak to every heart's need, every heart's desire. And Lord, you know what your people need. And Lord, we ask that you move in a mighty and a special way. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. If you got your Bibles, we'll turn to Genesis chapter 22. Amen. And when you got it, say amen. Amen. And it reads, "And it came to pass after these things that God did tempt Abraham and said unto him,"Abraham, and he said, Behold, here am I." He said, "Take now thy son, thine only son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and get thee into the land of Mariah, and offer him there for a burnt offering upon one of the mountains, which I will tell thee." And Abraham rose up early in the morning and saddled his ass, and took him two of of his young men that were with him, and Isaac his son, and clay the wood for the burnt offering, and rose up, and went unto the place unto the place of which God had told him. And we'll drop down to the the ninth verse. And they came to the place which God had told of him of. And Abraham built an altar there, and laid the wood in order, and bound Isaac his son, and laid him on the altar upon the wood. And Abraham stretched forth his hand, and took the knight to slay his son. And the angel of the Lord called unto him out of heaven, and said,"Abraham, Abraham." And he said, "Here am I." And he said, "Lay not thine hand upon the lad, neither do thou anything unto him, for now I know that thou fearest God." And seeing that thou hast not withheld thine son, thine only son, from me." And Abraham lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold, behind him a ram caught in the in a thicket by his thorns. And Abraham went and took the ram and offered him up for a burnt offering in thestead of his son. God bless the reading of this word. You may be seated. Amen. This morning I'd like to speak on a little thing that a little topic that I entitled the test before the blessing. The test before the blessing. And I I started thinking about this and in verse one it said and God tempted Abraham and just started thinking about that for Abraham this was a test and before before he could get his blessing he had to go through the test. And it wasn't about the test it was how he responded to the test. It wasn't about the test and how how what the magnitude was. God wanted to see how far was Abraham willing to go. Amen. How far was Abraham willing to go after God had promised him his promised him a son? After God had given him a son after so many years, Abraham had waited so long for this promised thing that God had given him. And then God decided to test him to see was he willing to go through the test to get his blessing. And I wanted to read further in here. So we'll go to verse 15 in the scripture. He said, "And the angel of the Lord came unto Abraham out of heaven the second time and said, by myself have I sworn, said the Lord, for because thou hast done this thing, and hast not withheld thine son, thine only son, that in blessing I will bless thee. And in multiply, I will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven, and as the sand which are upon the seashore, and thy seed shall possess the gates of his enemies. Amen. See, it wasn't just that God spirit God spirit um spared Isaac's life. There was a greater blessing that was in store. There was something that was coming down the pipeline that God wanted to see by the faithfulness of Abraham, I'm not only going to bless you, I'm not only going to bless your son, I'm going to bless you for generations and generations to come. It might just only have been one seed, but that seed was to multiply into a nation. It was to spread around the whole entire world even to this in to this day and said, "But Abraham had to go through that test before he got his blessing." And many of times we can go through life and God will put a test before we get our blessing. But many of times we so stuck on the test that we never realize the blessing is soon to come. We never realize that right beyond the gate, right beyond this door is where God has his greatest blessing for us. But he had us but he makes us go through the test first. Said in the test there's trials and tribulations. In the test there's things that are unforeseen. In the test, God make asked you to do something that may seem hard to you. The Abraham, he asked him to to to sacrifice his son. Now, how many of us would take that and and we be willing to give up our sister or brother or our son or daughter? If God told us that, hey, I need you not only to do it, but I need you to be the hand that takes the life of your son. That's what God asked Abraham to do. But God knew that when Abraham came to that critical moment, he was going to have that ram in the bush. He was going to have a way of escape that Abraham didn't know about. But he wanted to see was Abraham willing to go there. He wanted to see that will Abraham pass the test. Will Abraham be willing to go through the test and will he pass the test? Sometimes you can pass a test. Some people call sees us as passing a test. It is technically passing, but but that ain't what you should strive for. And some people, they they strive for only A's. That's all they that they want to get on their test. But see, when God gives you a test, he want to see what type of grade are you going to receive when you come through this test. Sometimes when you come through a test, it has happened to us all. Well, if you if you take enough tests, you might even fail one. And when you fail it, you realize that one, either your preparation wasn't right, your attitude wasn't right, or you didn't study hard enough. There's so many things that goes into taking a test. But while you're on the test, you're trying to strive for something. When you go to take this test, you're trying to achieve something. And see, when God puts you through the test, he's trying to prove something in you. Many of times, he's trying to prove that I am God and that I change not. Many of times he's trying to prove that if you go through this test, there's something on the other side. When you come through this test, there's something greater on the other side. But first, you got to go through the test. You might not understand the test. You might not understand the trial, but he wants you to go through it because there's something on the other side. It's not for you to know what's on the other side cuz God knows that. It's not for you to understand what's on the other side because he's the one that says, "I know all things, not you." Yeah. Your friends don't know. Your parents don't know, but I know. And when you come through the test, there's something greater on the other side of this test. There's something that when you look back and you can see it all throughout the Bible. When someone went through a test, there was something on the other side. There was something that they achieved that they won. When they got through this test, Abraham, it was generations of it was a generational blessing. Even to this day where the prophet of God said that we fall under this generational blessing that where the devil may try to come and attack us. He says that I've given you that you can possess the gates of your enemy. You can have the have whatever may be behind these gates because God has given you the victory. When he went to Calvary and he died for you, he gave you the victory. There's nothing that can stand in between you and getting what God has for you. All you got to do is accept it and say, "Lord, I surrender. I give it to you." And he said, "You can have ask what you will and I'll do it for you." See, God has a way of bringing you through the test because there's a blessing on the other side. Amen. See, God couldn't save the whole world if he didn't die on the cross. That was his test. See, he had to go through the cross. He had to shed his blood for you and me so that that when he came through his test, we can be blessed to be allowed to go to heaven. Amen. See, that was the test he had to go through. And throughout the scriptures, we start I started to look and I started to see and I thought about Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. What was their test? Their test was to see if they if they could hold on to if they if they can hold on hold true to their convictions. That was their test. When Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo in Daniel 3:3, when they came to it and they had created this fiery furnace and they were putting them in there, their test was, will you hold on to your convictions? Will you hold on to what you believe is true? And if it is true, will you willing to die for it? Amen. See, but when they came through, when they put them in the fiery furnace, every devil that was leading them in the fiery furnace, they they they died on the way. The heat was so high. It it's something to see how how God can protect you in the m when the devil is all around you. See, the people that died, I'm walking right next to you, the one next to you die, but you still alive. I'm walking right next to you. This one fall by the wayside, but you keep going. That's right. That's what happened to him. And you wonder why this one get in a car accident and you in the car right beside him and no scratches, no nothing. But see, God has a way of protecting you. And see they see that was all if if God didn't do if they didn't even get in the fire, just seeing that was a miracle enough. Amen. It should have been a miracle enough. But when they got in the fire, the fire burned everything except for them. It burned all the chains loose and all they did was they got there and they had the right attitude. They said, "I'm going to glorify God." Cuz what I recogniz is this is not something that we did. Is that we held true and we waited on God to show up on the scene. We waited on him to come down and say, "Lord, you we believe that you are the one true and living God. And if you're the true and living God, then you will show up when we need you to show up. And Lord, this is not we are living as a testimony. We gave your word and we know that you got to show up. When we ask that you come on the scene, you said when two or three are gathered in my name, there I be in the midst. So it's three of us right here. So Lord, we know that you're right here. And Lord, we just want you to be visible. We just want you to show yourself and show others that, hey, what we talking about is real. When Nebuchadnezzar saw it, he said that looks like the son of God. Amen. It's something that someone that had never seen God recognized him when he saw him. Just like Paul on the on the way to Emmas, it could have been any voice, but he said, "Who art thou?" Yes. Yeah. Amen. That's right. But but when Paul was there, he he he was on the road and when the voice came to him, he said, "Who art thou, Lord?" See, when God calls you, you recognize the voice. Amen. It's something that you recognize. And Neb Nebuchadnezzar when he seen it, he said that that's that's that's that didn't we send three in that fire. Why do we why do I see four? And he called them out of the fire. Now, it's one thing to go in the fire. It's a whole another thing to come up out of it. See, that was their test. They had to go to the fire. They had to be bound and get thrown in the fire. And then they had to come back out the fire. See, it was a whole cycle that they had to go through. But all the while, God was just cleaning them up. He was just making sure that when they came out that they had a stronger testimony than they had before. When they came through the trials and tribulation, they had a stronger testimony than they did before. They can stand on it and say, "You know what? I seen God and he was with me." Not only was he with me every day, he was with me in my test. He was with me in my trial. He was with me in the fire. And no matter how hot the fire got, he was still right there with me. And he was blocking the flame from burning me. He was blocking the flames from catching on me. See, he was right there in my fire. Amen. But I was not consumed. Amen. See, he was right there in my test, but I was not consumed. He said that that and when you realize that, see, when you when they they were able to hold true to what they believed, when they came through and they held true to what they believed, God showed up. They It wasn't a fake God. It wasn't one of those statues. It was a real God. It was something that they could prove over and over and say, "This is the God that I serve. This is the God that I serve." And if you don't believe me, we got a witness. Nebuchadnezzar can witness that God was in there with me. Amen. We got a witness that the sinner can witness that God was right here with me. I They might say, "I don't know how. I don't know why. I don't even understand how I recognized it, but God was right here with me." See, and when when you have a testimony, sometimes God is trying to show others. He got to take you through the test to get them to have a a correct testimony. He got to take you through the trial so others can see that God is with you. Amen. How would you know God is with you if you ain't never seen him work? How would you know God is with you if you've never experienced him with you? How would you know that God is with you if you've never seen him keep you safe? If you've never seen him provide for you, if you've never seen him heal you, if you've never seen him deliver you. Sometimes it's good to hear everybody else testimony, but sometimes you got to have your own. You got to have your own experience where you can lean down and say, "No, God did this for me. God might have did it for mom and daddy, but he also did it for me. He might have did it for sister and brother, but he also did it for me. Amen. See, I can point to my test that God brought me through for my blessing. Amen. I can point to my trial and say, "God brought me through this and realize that it was only because it was a blessing for me." See, I realized what God was working on even though I didn't understand it while I was going through it. Amen. I realize that afterwards when I look back over my life, see that that when some things they become real to you, but it only is real after you come through time. Amen. It's only when you look back and you realize God was there from he was there all the time as the songwriter said said God was there and he was bringing us through. And I thought about it. I I thought about in the New Testament in Luke 8 where there was the woman with the issue of blood. Now, what was her test? She had a twofold test. She had a disease that was incurable and then she had a crowd that she had to get through to get to Jesus. Amen. Now, some people, they would have just stopped at one of those and said, "It's enough for me." But she was so determined that even if she had the crawl, stretch, and claw, she was going to get to Jesus. But she had a determination also. She said, "I don't need Jesus to pray for me. I just need to touch his garment. What level of faith is that? I don't need the pastor to call pray for me. All I need to do is get on my knees and pray." She had such great faith. She said, "If this is the same God that can that heals all diseases." And so she went to him and and she crawled and she finally got to him and and she and touched the border of his garment and immediately her issue of blood was staunch and Jesus said who touched me and that and that was pivotal because sometimes you know when you touch somebody sometimes they don't feel it you could touch somebody on the shoulder and and don't even phase him. But when she touched Jesus, something happened. See, it was when she touched the master and her faith ignited with the healing power of Jesus. There was something had to take place. Her faith had reached such a high level. I think as she got closer to Jesus, the stronger her faith got. As she got closer to him, she her she got more embold and said, "I'm almost there now. My healing is almost here." Amen. my he see she had that faith that when and when I believe that she had the faith that when she touched him she knew something was going to happen it wasn't a might or maybe it wasn't something that she was trying to discover she knew something was going to happen and so when it happened she said who touched me and he said unto her daughter be of good comfort thy faith has made thee whole it wasn't nothing that she did it was her faith that when it touched Jesus it made her whole see but That was her test. And when she got through the test and she got through the crowd, she real she had she recognized her blessing. And I realized and I started to think of continue to think about it and and I was like, whenever there was a great blessing, there was always a trial that came first. Whenever you look back in the Bible, whenever there was a great blessing, there was a trial that came first. and and and and I and I started to thinking about the children of Israel coming out of Egypt. And when when the children of Israel came out of Egypt, I actually want to turn to it. Exodus Exodus 12. And you may ask what was the test that they had? the test that they had that they were in bondage for 430 years. They were in bondage in for 430 years. And when they got in bondage, the God allowed them, he promised them that a savior was coming. There was a savior that was on the way. There was a savior that was coming. There was one day God was going to deliver his people. One day, God was going to deliver his people. when it took 430 years before God delivered his people. When God when he said it on day one, it wasn't any less of a promise on day one of 430 than it was on day 431. It was the same promise. It was the same thing. Now, many people might have gone on and passed away, but one day they I think that they believe that God's going to deliver his people. God's going to deliver his people. See, but the test that they had to endure was going through being under affliction of the Egyptians. And then God sent these plagues on the Egyptian. But when God sent these plagues on the Egyptian, he sent 11 plagues. But on the 12th plague, he said, "I'm going to allow this to affect everyone." This was a different test because this one didn't just affect the Egyptian. This one affect all the Hebrews and all their households. And on this and on this one, he said that God was going to kill the firstborn sons, but there was a way of escape. All you had to do was you had to get a lamb and you had to kill this lamb and you had to put the blood on the doorpost and you had to be inside inside of that home under that blood or you would not be spared. See, there was there was directions that you had to follow in order in order to be saved. There was a things that you had to follow and that was your test. That was your test. It was a simple set of instructions. All you had to do was kill this lamb, put a blood on the doorpost and be under the be under the shelter of the blood and you'd be saved. And see sometime God make things real simple. He allow you he put the direction in there plain and straight and all you have to do is follow them. And some people say, "I this just too much for me." When God most time, he only put a three-step process. Now, if everything in life was full of three-step processes, life would be real simple. If you could fix your if you could fix your car in three steps, no matter what the problem was, you life would be real simple. I mean, if you could give somebody directions and only had to tell them three steps, hey, everything everything would be simple. But God has a has a way of making things simplistic. And all he asks is that you that that you give him everything and he'll give you even more than you can ask or think. And so when I started reading this, I want to start in verse 37. at the end of the scripture actually in verse 31 and this is after the death of all the firstborn of the Egyptians. God God those ones that was under the blood he spared their firstborn and it it was shocking to see he said he not only killed the firstborn of the humans he killed them of the cattle too. Amen. He killed them of the cattle too. And I said well God has his way of doing what he wants to do. Amen. But in verse one, Pharaoh he there was such a cry of anguish in in in in Egypt that night when all these people died. He that Pharaoh he called in Moses and Aaron verse 31 by night and said rise up and get you forth from among my people. See after they had come through that final and last test, Pharaoh was happy to let him go. He said, "Rise up in the middle of the night." He said, "Rise up and get you forth from among my people, both ye and the children of Israel, and go serve the Lord as you have said." Also, he he not only let them go, he said, "Also take your flocks and your herd as ye have said, and be gone and bless me also." Many of times when you coming through someone that the person that give you the hardest problem, they say, "Please pray for me." after they done gave you the roughest time and and the Lord done allow you to pass the test, they be like, "Please pray for me. I need so much help." And you'll be like, "Lord, this a whole new test." But God allowed you to understand that, you know what? Some things God, it's just like he did Abraham. God tempted Abraham. Amen. God sent that test. It wasn't the person, it wasn't the thing. God allowed it to be so. He justified it and said, "I want you to go through this. So, I'm going to make a way that you'll have to go through it." And he is only for your good. It's only that you can build character that I can give you greater than what you have now. Because if you don't go through this, you can never grow. If you don't go through this, you can never achieve what I need you to achieve, what I want you to achieve. So, I'm going to take you through it until you learn, until you grow, until you no longer are a baby, but you become a you become a young adult. You become a man. and you become a woman, you got to go through these things. Amen. And each journey is different and each one's journey is different. But he also in verse 33 and he said, "And the Egyptians were urgent upon the people that they may send them out of the land in haste, for they said, we be all dead men." And the people took their dough before it was leavened in their kneading troughs being bound upon their clothes upon their shoulders. And the children of Israel did according to the word of Moses. And they borrowed of the Egyptians jewels to of silver and jewels of gold and raignment. And the Lord gave the people favor in the sight of the Egyptians. So that they lent unto them such as they had required. And they spoiled the Egyptians. that this thing it got me because I I started reading this and I read and and I realized I said you know now we don't know if the if the Hebrews they were poor but they didn't have what the Egyptians had now at that time the Egyptians was the ruling nation of the world they had they had conquered so many areas so they had the gold and the silver and before the Israelites left God allowed them to take all the Jews from Before they came out of that test and trial, God allowed them to to become greater than they ever was. God, they took all the riches. It said they spoiled the Egyptians, which means many of times when you go to world war and you spoil your enemy. That means you ransack them. You take all the valuables. They said they spoil the Egyptians. And I thought about it. I said, you know, even in your test, God can bless you. On the way out of your test, God can bless you. so so much greater than you thought. They said, "God ain't going to leave you going out of there poor." He said, "No, I'm going to bless you highly than you thought. I'm going to make sure that you got all the procision provisions that you need when you come out of this." He and he wasn't sending them. Now, it was just going to the wilderness. What they need all the gold and all that stuff for? But God blessed them. God gave it to him. He said, "All that your enemy was storing up, all that your enemy was keeping to themselves, I'm going to provide a way. Now, I'm going to give it to you." You want to fight, you want to work hard, you want to ask for this, but instead, I can just give it to you. Amen. Amen. All you had to do was go through this test. Amen. Now, this probably stuff that they've been storing up for years and years. And not only that, I'm going to make it so that the people are willing to give it to you. You don't have to even fight for it. They're going to be like, "Please take it." Now, just imagine if God started blessing you like that on the way out of your test so that when you coming out of this, someone said, "Hey, I want to give you this." And on the way out of their test, they spoiled the Egyptians. God just blessed them with everything that they they went to him and asked for him. They said, "Please take it." Blessing, Jesus. I I it started a marvel to me cuz I realized that see In order to get their blessing, they had to go through the test. Order to get their blessings, they had to follow the steps that God had provided to be saved. But when they came out, there was something greater on the other side. There was something greater on the other side. Now, when I started looking at it, I said, you know what? Always so stuck in the test that we forget about the greater on the other side. We forget about there streets made of gold. There's a mansion that I got over there. We we forget about some of that type of stuff cuz we're so focused on the test. We're so focused on what we can see and what we can accomplish that we forget about the other side of the ble of the test. Amen. This life is just nothing but a short test. When you when you look at the option and realize that the other side is eternity, this life is nothing but a short test. And on the other side of this test is a greater blessing than we can even imagine. And when I started to think about it, I said, "You know what? We're so You don't want to get so focused on the test that you miss out on getting your blessing. You don't want to get so focused on the things over here that you miss out on doing what God asked you to do so that you can make it there." See, but God has given you everything on this earth. He said he give you he you can possess all the gates of your enemy because he said, "I defeated every enemy at the cross." Amen. Every devil that you may struggle with, he said, "I defeated them." And whether that's sickness, whether that's mental, whether that's physical, God said, "I delivered you from it all." Hallelujah. He said, "I gone forth and I destroyed all these enemies. I went to death, hell, and the grave. I went down there so you don't have to go." I went down there and defeated them all so that you wouldn't have to go there. I I did something that most wouldn't have done and no human could have done. He said, "I'm the lamb that was slain that could take the book." See, he's God. And he said, "I'm the only one that could do it. So, I did it for you." I did it for me. He did it for me. He did it for each and every one of us. That one day that we can realize that he went through the test so that I can be blessed. He went through the trial so that I can be blessed. So that I would have an opportunity to one say one day say, "Lord, thank you for going through the test for me. Lord, thank you for going through this trial for me. Lord, thank you for dying for me. Amen. And I realized that when I when I was doing this, it started making me rejoice of of of the test and the trial. You started looking at my I started looking at a test and a trial differently. I started praying. I said, "Lord, direct my steps in the test." Amen. Lord, direct my path in the test. Lord, I could go through this test for this long and this long, but Lord, you can lead me straight on through the test. Lord, you can take me right on through the trial. You can allow me to get the shortest way possible so that I can reach my blessing. So that I can reach where you want me to be. I can reach where you have me to be, Lord. And that I'm no longer stagnant, sitting by the side wondering what you would have me to do, Lord. I read a scripture one time. It's in it's in the Bible and it said um it said and God was Elijah had run to the back side of the desert and when he got to the back side of the desert one day he was just sitting there and God came and visited him. He said Elijah what does thy hear? He had him run. He had gotten to such a low state that God had to go visit him and say what you doing here? What are you doing here? And sometimes God will come to you and say, "What are you doing here?" Where you are and what you're doing, what are you doing here? Is this what I purpose for you to do? Yes, Jesus. And if you don't know what your purpose is, then you have to ask God, Lord, what what would you have me to do? You have to go to him and say, Lord, what would you have me to do? And Elijah said, and and he he the Lord went to him and said, "What doest thou here?" And many of times that's a question that you don't want to ask yourself because you have a realization with yourself. What am I doing here? What's my purpose? What am I doing here? Where am I going with this? Where will it lead me? And sometimes many a times someone said something to me recently. It says sometimes God will show you and you can see it but you don't want to believe what you see. Sometimes you can see the end of a road, but you don't want to believe that's the end of the road. There was a sign that said, "This is a dead end. This is a dead end." And but but as you're traveling down the road, you slow up your speed to see how long it's going to take you to get down this dead end. But you read the sign. You believed the sign, but you but you didn't you didn't want to turn around and go a different way because turning around me might have meant that you had to admit that I made a mistake. It might have had you admit that, hey, there was something that I need that's greater than me. Hey, I can't handle this by myself. It might have had all those effects on you, but instead you decide to go down the dead end street. And when you get down there, you still got to go somewhere cuz that ain't the end of your journey. You might have just come down to the end of the street. But see, God is saying that, hey, these, you can go down there and find out that there's a dead end. Or you can go down this other path right over here where he said, "My yoke is easy and my burden is light." You can go down this other path over here. And when you go down this path, there there's going to be some tests and trials on this path. But behind every test and trial, there's something that's greater behind it. When when you come through it, you can realize that there's something that's greater behind this. When when when I come through it, there's something that I can look forward to on that other path. There's nothing to look forward to. There's only death, hell, and destruction. Amen. That's all that there is. And you're fighting and you're fighting a fighting someone that's fighting you to go where you where you seem to be headed. And as you head down that path, I want to ask you, what are you doing there? As you go down your path and you make your decisions and choices, I want to ask you, what are you doing there? Where is it going to lead you? Where is it going to lead you? Is it something that's going to lead you into something greater? When you get done, is you going to have you going to have greater blessings than what God can give you? Are you going to have greater success than what God can give you? Are you going to have greater greater higher heights than what God can give you? That's the question that you have to ask yourself because because when you look back at it, nobody can make that decision but you. Nobody can make that choice but you. But you have to make the choice. When when will enough be enough? When will I realize that hey, the road I'm going down has a dead end? When will I realize that when I get down here, I'm just going through tests just to go through them. I'm just going through trials and tribulations just to go through them. There ain't no reward when I get there. There ain't no reward when I get there. But if I go through what God has for me, there's a reward there. There's something I can look forward to. There's something that's greater than you and I. That's is greater than I can look back and say, "Lord, when when I got done, he's going to ask me what did I do with the life he gave me? Yes. He's going to ask me, "What did I do with it? Did I squander it? Did I throw it away? Did I live it up with righteous living? Did I have a talent and I went and buried it? Or did I use it and multiplied it and I used it for his good pleasure?" Yes, sir. Yes, Jesus. But what what why are you sitting where you are? If God has something that he wants you to do, sometimes he'll take you there to show you that, hey, there's a great there's an easier pathway for you to go. There's something that you can do. There's a greater way that you can go that God has lead you and guide you. And when you get down there, you realize that the test has become your blessing. My scripture for the other day was all things work together for the good. To them that love God, to them that are called accord to his purpose. See, but don't quote the first part. Remember that to them that love God. That's right. Quote quote the other part. Them that are called according to his purpose. Amen. See, see there's there's some things that you also have to do. But God allowed the things that you thought was meaningless and thought that you had gone the wrong way. He allowed that just to be a test that turns into a blessing. Amen. He allows that to be a part of your testimony. He allows that to be something that grows into something greater that one day that you can look back and say, you know what, even though I might have made the wrong steps and wrongs decision, God turned it around for me. God did a work that I could not explain. And I don't know how I got to where I am, but God did the work. And when I look back and see that God did the work, all I can do is give the glory to him. I It's nothing to serve God. It's nothing to to do what God asked me to do because I realize where he brought me from and where I could have been and I should have been, but I'm not there because the grace and mercy of God. Amen. See, I'd rather take these tests that God gives me because I know they're going somewhere that one day I'll end up where where God wants me to be. And that's that that's that's the that's that's the whole point of living life. What why else are you living life? What does living life achieve? There are so many people when you get enough money, money is just money. If you get enough of it to everybody that that's a different limit for everybody. But when you get enough money, it's just money. When you get enough fame, it's just fame. When you get enough popularity, it's just popularity. And sometimes then it becomes a headache. You get enough money, more people going to ask you for money. Not just becomes a headache. But but you see, God has something that the more you deposit into it, the greater it becomes. Amen. The more you deposit into it, the greater it becomes. And when you when you look back, you you may never know how much is worth until you get to the other side. How much the small things are worth until you get to the other side. But this morning, God wants you to make the right decision. God wants you to say, "Lord, I I can I can go through my test and trial or I can go through the ones that you have for me." And that and I know that these tests will lead to something that's greater than I can ever imagine. I can go through these tests and I can I can go and I can continue to fight on that one day uh I want to hear you say, "Well done, my good and faithful servant." And if I'm not going on the right way, I don't think I ever lose living for you. if I don't think I'll lose if I if I if I live for you each and every day. But God has a way that making your test and trial a blessing. He has a way of making sure that all things work to the good. Amen. He has a way of making sure that one day when you come to the the end of your journey, you can say, "I I I fought a good fight." Amen. And I finished my course. Amen. Now, you never know when that when that moment will come for you. Cuz everybody moment is different. But when you get to that moment, you want to say, "I fought a good fight." Amen. And I finished my course. Amen. Let us bow. Thank you, Jesus. Lord Jesus, we we come before you this morning. Lord, we ask that you just come down and move us out of the way, Lord. Lord, you know the hearts and the needs of your people. And Lord, you know the things that we go through each and every day. And Lord, Lord, we come before you. And Lord, we ask that you you touch a heart this morning. Lord, you touch a mind. You touch a soul that they may not they may not go through a test and trial for not. that they may turn to you and say, "Lord, I I I I want to make the right decision this morning, Lord. I I I I I want I I want to go through the test and trials that you have prepared for me, Lord. One day, I want to look up and say, Lord, that that that I I've done the right thing, that I I I fought the the right fight. I could fight many fights, but Lord, I want to fight the right fight. Lord, I want you to lead and guide my steps. If there's one this morning that said, "Lord, I I I want you to lead and guide my steps." Then I want you to to lift your hands this morning. Oh yes, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And Lord, see all the hands that are lifted. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you said that you can make a trial of blessing. And Lord, we ask that you touch all the hands that are lifted. Touch all the open hearts this morning. And Lord, may you do a work in the life that we all may sit back and testify that Lord that you did the work that you brought us through, Lord. That you moved in such a mighty and a strong way that we had testimony this morning of how you make trials a blessing. Lord, how you come through in ways that we didn't understand, we didn't even know. But Lord, you did the work. And Lord, we ask that you just move this morning. Lord, may you continue to work in each and every life. Lord, may you continue to bless each and every home and each and every person that's here, Lord. Each and every heart's needs and each and every heart's desires this morning. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Praise God. Amen. Amen. We thank God again with the word bless, you know, I thought on this week, blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. Amen. And um he was saying something in Sunday school this morning. It takes the It takes the pure and heart. It takes those that are willing to give their whole heart to God. And sometimes God tries, he searches the heart, tries to rim it. He sees whether or not we're willing to give him our heart. So sometimes God takes us through a certain way to prove what's in our heart. And so God took Israel through a way that he could see what was in their heart. And sometimes our trial and our test is to see what's in our heart. God was able to see what was in Abraham's heart. When Abraham was willing to give up the son, his only son and God looked at Job and saw what was in his heart. He said, "He's a perfect and upright man. And I know that he loves me and I know he'll serve me. I know you maintain his integrity. Sometimes God will look at us and he'll know. But Satan didn't know that. God told Satan there was nothing like him in the earth. And I I'm sure that God will look down at his bride this hour and he'll say there's none like you. There's no people on the face of the earth that will stand up against the ws of the devil that would be faithful to God in the midst of the trials and tribulations and the test. There's none like the bride of Jesus Christ. There's none like the true Christians in their heart. And I know the Satan is saying to God, [Music] I'll make them curse you to your face. They're not serving you for nothing. Just let me go down and test them. Let me go down and try them. God, let the devil be here to test you and try you that you can come out victorious. I'm going to keep the faith of God. I'm going to hold his unchanging hand no matter what the test is. Each and every one of us have our own test and trial that we got to go through. Amen. But God will make your trial and your test a blessing if you just hold on. Something that was said that the prophet God was saying about the seed being the word. And he said the word got to fall in good ground. [Music] and it fall in good ground. Then the seed is being watered. But faith waters the seed. Your faith waters the seed that the seed can grow. You can plant the seed. It's got to be planted in a in good ground. And you are the good ground that the seed, the word is planted in. And when that word is planted in good ground, your faith waters the seed that the seed can come forth. So brother and sister, we got to wait and let the word, Amen, accomplish that which God sent it to do. Amen. God word will grow if you just have faith and patience to wait on God. Amen. Amen. While you're going through, you got to have faith and patience. Lord, I'm waiting on you. Amen. Because it fell upon good ground. I don't care how long it takes. Amen. God, I'm going to trust your word. Your faith is water in the word. Amen. The seed. Amen. And it's got to bring forth. Amen. in his season. Amen. And those that are faithful to God and knowing that God will never fail, but God keeps his word. Amen. God will Amen. He'll show up on time. He'll do what he said he'll do. That's when your faith is worthy of water in the word. You're going to say, "God, you said, Amen, that with your stripes, I'm healed so I can hold to your word." Amen. Amen. Yes. your faith. Amen. Water in the word. Amen. That your faith says, "I'mma hold on to God." Amen. Hallelujah. When you going through when folks say you can't make it and you feel like you can't take it, but your faith holds on to the word. Hallelujah. Keep watering the word. Hallelujah. Praise God. Let your faith keep on saying, "God, I believe your word. God, you made me a promise." Amen. God, you and that seed shall possess the gates of his enemy. Amen. You just keep holding on [Music] and watch God show up. Amen. Aren't you glad that God showed up that day on Calvary? He showed up for you and I. Amen. He showed who was on the winning side. Amen. He showed that you're more than conquerors. Amen. Praise God. Abraham was able to see that God provided. Amen. A ram in the bush. Amen. He called that place Jehovah Gyar because the Lord would provide. I said God will provide for Abraham. He's the same God that said, "I'll provide for you." The same God today as it was yesterday. I am your provider. Praise God. And I'll make a way where there's no way. God will do it. Hallelujah. You believe that? Amen. Hallelujah. Bless God will make your trial a blessing if you just hold on. Praise God. People that have been faithful to God and they held on regardless of the circumstances that the test. Those that trusted God, they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as an eagle. They shall run and not be weary. They should walk and not faint. Run and not they won't be weary. But you got to wait on the Lord. Amen. God bless you this. Thank God again for the word. Thank God for each and every one of you to press your way. Keep fighting the good fight of faith that you might lay hold in eternal life. Say happy father's day to all the fathers today. God bless you. For he said in my father's house are many mansions. Amen. [Music] He said, "When my father and my mother forsake me, then the Lord will take me." Amen. We have a father that says, "I'll never leave you and never forsake you, but I'll be with you always, even until the end of the ages." So, in my father's house, in my father's house, come and go with me to my father's house. Amen. Because my father has a house, a place that he's prepared for us. Don't you want to go to my father's house? Let us stand. Come and go with me by repenting of your sins, being baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Sister Pam, come and go with me. I don't know how that go, but it goes somewhere to my father's house. Amen. If you're not baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, he said repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. We have water. We have clothing. If you want to give Jesus Christ your life and you want to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, for this is your preparation to go back with him when he come. Come and go with me to my father's house. Come and go with me to my father's house. Come and go with me to my father's house. Oh, come and go with me to my father's house where there's joy, joy, joy. Oh, come and go with me to my father's house. Oh, come and go with me to my father's house. Oh, come and go with me to my father's house where there's joy, joy, joy. Oh, the love abides in my father's house. Oh, the love abides in my father's house. Oh, the love abide in my father's house. There is joy, joy, joy. Oh, peace and happiness there in my father's house. There is peace and happiness there. In my father's house, there is peace and happiness. There in my father's house, there is joy, joy, joy. Oh, come and go with me to my father's house. Oh, come and go with me to my father's house. Yes. Come and go with me to my father's house. There is joy, joy, joy. Oh, come and go with me to my father's house. Yes. Come and go with me to my father's house. Oh, come and go with me to my father's house. There is joy, joy, joy. Oh, peace and happiness there in my father's house. Oh, peace and happiness there in my father's house. Yes. Peace and happiness there in my father's house. There is joy, joy, joy. Oh, peace and happiness there in my father's house. There is peace and happiness there in my father's house. Oh, peace and happiness there in my father's house. There is joy, joy, joy. Oh, come and go with me to my father's house. Oh, come and go with me to my father's house. And come and go with me to my father's house. There is joy, joy, joy. Oh, come and go with me to my father's house. Yes. Come and go with me to my father's house. Yes. Come and go with me to my father's house. There is joy, joy, joy. There be no more dying there in my father's house. There be no more dying there in my father's house. There be no more dying there in my father's house. There is joy, joy, joy. Oh come and go with me to my father's house. Yes. Come and go with me to my father's house. Yes. Come and go with me to my father's house and rejoice. Oh, come and go with me to my father's house. Yes. Come and go with me to my father's house. Oh, come and go with me to my father's house where there's joy, joy, joy. Praise God. We thank God that Josiah wanted to be baptized. He doesn't bless God. We just we thank God. There's someone else that want to come give your life to Jesus and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. There's no one else ex that has to go can go. But those that want to stay for baptism, I guess you'll pull it up on the screen and you'll see the baptism in a few minutes. God bless you. Let's sing. I guess I had to say Angelica, you want to help me? Baptizapt in Jesus name. Baptize. Baptiz in Jesus name. Baptiz with the Holy Ghost. Baptizapt in Jesus name. Baptiz [Music] [Music] the Holy Ghost. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] for you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat up [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat up here. [Music] Now when they heard this, they were pricking their heart and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, men and brethren, what shall we do? Then Peter said unto them, repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and ye shall receive the gifts of the Holy Ghost. We going to pray. Father, in the precious name of Jesus Christ, Lord God, we pray for our brother Lord God that you will Oh God, he'll rise up after water to walk in newness of life. Lord, as I baptize him with water, you baptize him with the Holy Ghost and with fire. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, oh God, help him to live a Christian life, Father, give him strength, give him faith, give him power. be with working now Jesus. Lord God, as you said, I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. I'll be with you always in Jesus name. Amen. Come out the water. Thanking the Lord, calling on Jesus. Okay, just go go close to that. Okay, that's good. That's good. My brother, the word of God says, "Then Peter said unto them, repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sin, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." [Music] Gift of the Holy Ghost. Now, my brother, in obedient to your faith in Jesus Christ, I now baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat up here.
