################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-03 - Minister E. Legette “What Hindered You” - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-03
Title:   Minister E. Legette: “What Hindered You?”
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Bride Tabernacle of Columbia SC
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zygyFMdB3aI
========================================

Description:
Join us in person for:
Bible Study Tuesday @ 7-8pm
Sunday School Sunday 9:30 am

Virtual & In Person:
Friday @ 7:30pm
Sunday @ 10:30am
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. I just want to pray forever and ever and ever for they all belong to to Jesus. Thank you for listening. Just I just want you They all be just one forever and ever and ever. Oh, they all bless Jesus for Jesus. Blessed Lord they all you bless they all thank We're going to ask brother Josh open us with a word of prayer. Amen. [Music] Dear Jesus, Lord God, we thank you for allowing us to come in your presence tonight, Lord God. We thank you for allowing us to make it to service, Lord. Lord God, I ask that you continue to bless the service, bless the song, service, and bless the word, Lord God. Ask Lord God you continue to protect those who are on the way and those who are watching at home in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. I trust in God my savior. You're the one. Thank the Lord who will never never fail. Amen. He will never fail. I trust in God, Jesus. I trust in God. Amen. My s never fail, Lord. Never fail. You will never take us up one more. I myior one. Jesus is the one never fail for me. Jesus never fails. Never, never. I trust. I trust in God. My one who never fail. Jesus never fail. Never fail me again. Amen. Never fail. Lord of the Lord. I trust in God. I see. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Never fail me. Never. Jesus. Never fail me. I trust in God. I trust in God. My savior. You're the one who will fail. Thank the Lord. He never failed. Never failed me yet. Never fail me yet. I sought the Lord and he heard. I sought the Lord. And he heard my prayer. That's why. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust him. I trust the Lord Jesus. I trust the Lord. Jesus is the Lord and Savior God. That's why I trust. Amen. That's why I trust. One more time. I sought the Lord. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he That's why That's why I trust him. That's why I trust in God my savior. Jesus is my savior. Jesus. Amen. Amen. One more time. I trust in God. I trust in God. Heat. Heat. [Music] Never fail. Never fail. Amen. Amen. Amen. We're going to have the sisters come on up. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] Well, Ezekiel said he saw him as a wheel in the middle of the wheel. Oh yeah. John talks about it in the book of the seven. Oh yeah. Some call him the rose of Sharon. Others call him the prince of peace. Oh yeah. But I call Jesus my rock. Well Ezekiel said he saw him as a wheel in the middle of the wheel. John talks about him in the book of the seven. Don't call him the rose of sharing. I was on the br. But I want Jesus my rock. I call him Jesus my rock. Jesus my Jesus my right in the morning my Jesus my rock for me. Fire. I know you won't me in the middle of the wheel. But I love Jesus. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I always in the middle of the I am about Jesus. Jesus Jesus in the morning. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I know he won't be my rock. Amen. Jesus my rock. Amen. Praise the [Music] Lord. Somebody pray for me. Had me on this m. I'm so glad. Somebody pray. I'm so glad. So glad they pray. I'm so glad they pray. Amen. Somebody. Somebody pray for me. took the time for me so thank you Jesus oh my brother pray for me I sure needed prayer Oh, pray for me. My pray for me. I'm so glad. I don't my [Applause] motherf on your Heat. Heat. Somebody pray. Somebody pray for me. I'm going right there. [Music] I'm going to pray for. Amen. I'm so glad. Amen. Y'all been having good services. I've been missing now. I'm trying to make up for it. Praise the Lord. I saw all that anointing over the internet. I said, "You need to jump through the through the internet, man. What in the world? We going to ask the Where's Oh, okay. Well, Palmer, Praise the Lord. The girls had something they wanted to share or I told them I wanted to share. So, we see. Praise the Lord. Everybody all right? Amen. Everybody all right? Yes, sir. Amen. [Music] Whatever you need, God. My God. Got it. Whatever. You need it. My God. Yeah. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Yeah. Heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Amen. Amen. He got everything you need. Amen. We ask the sisters come on up at this time. Amen. [Music] [Music] I consecrate, I dedicate my life, my will to thee. you Lord if you can use these hands if you can use this voice all for your kingom and your glory Lord I want to be a willing vessel a vessel you can use I want to be a where we the instrument you choose. I want to empty out myself available for you. So let me be a willing vessel. Be a willing vessel. Be a willing vessel you can use. [Music] I constra my life, my will to thee, oh Lord. If you can use these hands, if you can use his voice for your kingom and glory. I want to be a willing vessel, a vessel you gave. I want to be a willing vessel in you. I want to eny of myself to you. Don't let me be a vessel. Be a very vessel. Beware that's all you can use. Maybe an unknown place or soul. I am you now send me alone to share a goal with those who never heard me before. I rise of you completely. I want to be a willing you. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh yeah. Yeah. [Music] a willing vessel that you can use. Amen. Amen. We're going to ask the brothers to come on up at this time. Amen. I sprung that on him on the way to church. Amen. Got in the car and I said, "Can y'all do that? Come on, do that." Amen. Praise the Lord. We all right tonight. Amen. Amen. [Music] the word in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] The first time you came, they crown you with thorns as on an Old rocked tree you were nailed. But the next time you come, it won't be as before. [Music] This time we'll crown you with praise. Jesus, we crown you with praise. Jesus, we crown you with praise. We love and adore you, bow down before you, oh Jesus, we crown you. with praise. You're ala, omega, the mighty God, the great I am. Emmanuel, you are the angel of death. You are king of kings and lord of lords. Your calar's sacrificial lamb. We love you and we crown you with praise. Oh Jesus, I crown you with praise. Oh Jesus, I crown you with praise. [Music] I love and adore you. Bow down before you, oh Jesus, I crown you with praise. Oh Jesus, I crown you with [Music] praise. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's all stand. [Music] We praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. We crown you with praise in Jesus name, Lord. Amen. Let's sing that chorus. She just taught it. Let's put it back up. We'll sing that. The mood is right for that. Jesus, we crown you with praise. Jesus, we crown you with praise. Lord, in Jesus name, we crown you. Jesus, we crown you. We pray, love and adore you. Bow down before you. Amen. Love you. Adore you. Bow down. Bow down. Jesus, we crown you with praise. Jesus, we crown you. Let's sing it just one more time. Jesus, we crown you. Tonight Jesus Jesus we praise the Lord Jesus our savior Jesus we crown you with praise love and adore you love Amen. We appreciate the Lord tonight. Amen. Let us bow our heads in a word of prayer. [Music] Heavenly Father, Lord, we come to you this evening, Lord, as humble as we know how, Lord. God, as the song says, Lord, to crown you with praise, Lord. Oh, God, truly worthy of all the praise and all the honor and the glory, Lord. God, we just thank you, Lord, tonight for granting us traveling mercies, Lord, and blessing us to be able to come back to your presence, Lord. God, seeing that your people have pressed their way, Lord, I I know you got a blessing, Lord, in store. For God, you said where two or three are gathered in my name, there I be in the midst. And God, I pray, Lord, tonight that you would bless us, Lord. I pray for the sick and afflicted, Lord. The ones that desired to be here, Lord, but were troubled in mind or heart tonight. Oh God, I'm just tired of the flesh. God, I pray, God, that you would bless them, Lord. Pray, oh God, a double blessing upon your children, Lord. Oh God, that you would give us strength, Lord, to carry on, Lord. I just thank you, Lord. Pray God, if we said or done anything that ain't like you, Lord, that would cause, Lord, a hindrance of the move, God, tonight, I just pray, Lord, that you'd forgive us and oh God, you'd help us get out of the way, Lord. That we might God get a word from your throne, Lord, God, something that'll revive us again, Lord, as oh God, upon revival. We just thank you, Lord. We love you and we appreciate you for all the many blessings, God, that you've given us. We thank you. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. We want to look at the book of Galatians. By the grace of God, Galatians 5, God is good. Amen. Galatians 5. You got to say amen. Amen. And it reads, we'll begin at the at the seventh verse. It says here at the seventh verse, he says, "You did run well. Who did hinder you that you should not obey the truth? This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you. A little leaven le 11 le 11 le 11 le 11 le 11 le 11 le 11 le 11 le 11 le 11 leavenventh the whole lump. You may be seated. I'm going to read a little further down. Amen. He says a little 11 le 11 le 11 le 11 le 11 le 11 le 11 le 11 le 11 le 11 le 11 in the whole lump. Amen. Let's drop down to the 16th verse. He says here this I say then walk in the spirit and ye shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh. For the flesh lusteth against the spirit, and the spirit against the flesh, and these are contrary the one to the other, so that ye cannot do the things that you would. But if you be led of the spirit, ye are not under the law. Now the works of the flesh are manifest which are these: adultery, fornication, uncleanness, lascivveness, idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, wrath, strife, strife, sedition, and heresies, envyings, murders, drunkenness, reings, and such like of the which I to I tell you before, as I have also told you in times pass that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. But the spirit of love but the fruit fruit of the spirit I don't have my thank y'all tonight. But the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, and faith, meekness, temperance. Against such there is no law. May God have bless your reading of his word tonight. God is good. Amen. So we pressed our way out tonight. Amen. And storm is sounding pretty bad out there, ain't it? But I said, you know, uh God is good to us, ain't it? So we didn't let nothing hinder us tonight. Amen. It says you did run real well. What hindered you? Sometime the storm will hinder you on it. But I want to say tonight instead of of who hindered you, I want to say what hindered you. Amen. And we're talking about hinders. Just just a little something simple tonight. Amen. And I believe it's simple, but I believe it's powerful cuz the Lord was dealing with me on some things. Amen. And I ministering on Sunday, but I said, you know, what hindered you? Amen. A lot of times, you know, um, and we coming down to the end. This this is the last, we can we say the last mile of the day. Even if the Lord should, you know, time is sweeping by fast, ain't it? You know, age sweeping by fast. So I says the little the little time that we have here on earth is and we can never stress that is nothing compared to eternity. Amen. But you know so a lot of times what we find is that you know and it's been the same trick of the enemy. Uh the people start off running right but something along the way hinders them. Amen. We look at the the in the church, the f early church, the book of acts and how they were moving in power and and you know even the shadows of the apostles and all that was healing the people but they were in a a mighty revival right but something walked them down but the first thing that happened we know the enemy came in and he began to attack the word because he knew that if he can get them away from that word amen the original even mix it with a little bit come on then he knew that that he he would be taking their power from them. Right? So that little drifting right there it it but we find that and I says that and that's what it is even today. You know you look at your own Christian journey and you you can never be satisfied like I'm satisfied where I'm at. Put it that way. You satisfied with Jesus now but I'm satisfied where I but you always in your heart God I need more of you. Come on. And then so many people they think I I just that's it. I I'm on my way and they just come in and out of church, but they don't expect more. But I believe that cuz God put it in my heart. I says, "God, I I I some might feel you got enough." But I said, "Lord, I need more of you. Come on." Because I know that what what we are right now, it's going to take some extra from God. I believe that it's going to take the the drippings. Hallelujah. We're going to have to be up under that throne. Come on. Up under in his presence daily. But I said I said, "What hindered you?" You know, a lot of times I said, you know, looking back at the scriptures and how, you know, God God knew what he was do what what he's doing when he's telling you to get rid of certain things. Come on. When God saved you and he start dealing with your life and and he start working with you on certain things, he knows what he's doing. Come on. Some people say, "Well, that ain't a sin." Just like Paul, he was talking about it. Some things they ain't they ain't expeding. He said, "It ain't unlawful, but I just don't do it." Come on. It's certain areas in your life that you knew that the devil had a stronghold on you. Come on. In those areas, I was sharing with with a person and they cuz they were so saved. I said, "The thing is, you still got to be wise as a serpent, harmless as a dove. You got to guard certain areas. Come on. Even with the Holy Ghost, you got to guard certain areas. Come on. You don't put yourself out there to be tested like that. Now, if God sends a test, he'll give you strength to pass it. But you put yourself in certain situations, you going to be in bad trouble, bad shape. So, some things you you flee from. Amen. Come on. They say, "Oh, well, you you you afraid." No. I'm I I said, "Lord, I want you to keep me." I'm not going to I'm not going to tell I believe God can keep us because he's been keeping us so far. Come on. But I don't I'm not going to put God to the test like that. Amen. Come on. But I say it's what it is. You know, uh uh God knows what he's doing when it's certain things in your life God ask you to cut off. Come on. You know, I was I was sharing a testimony. I said, "The thing is when coming to the Lord and it's obvious certain things you got you you you got to cut off from your life and you look at those things and you say, "Okay, those are easy to get rid of." But what the Lord showed me was it's certain things about your very nature, the genes from where you was born, certain things about about you, hallelujah, that uh attached the self to your spirit and God. And those were the hard things to deal with. But the reason being because they were sometimes a very part of you, right? But they carried a spirit that wouldn't allow you to get where you needed to be to really get filled with the Holy Ghost. Come on. They kept you just maybe just a little bit below that level. But God uh in in certain things you can't and I'm going say it like this. You can't fight on your own. It takes you getting down on your knees and saying, "Lord, I need you to help me. Deliver me from this God." Come on. It takes that sometimes. Oh, no. It takes you saying God cuz if you you on your own doing that, you might say, "Okay, I think I'm good now." But and it and it don't be it still be there. But when God get done with it, come on. When God gets finished with it, come on. When God comes down, then you're a new creature. Amen. You did more than just turn a leaf, but you had a born again experience. Your whole appetite changed. That's what we got to that's what God dealing with. Your whole appetite got to change. what you were has got to disgust you. Amen. Come on. And like I I share with people all the time, there certain things that I could do, but I don't do it because I felt like for the Lord saved me that was a must part of me, right? And it made me walk a certain way, act a certain way. So I just I just laid those things down just so I could not saying get that closer to God, but I laid those things God down to show to show God that God, I mean business with you. You're asking me to live a certain way, God. That's what I want to do. Hallelujah. And when you get down to business with God, it's one thing about God. I was meditating. I said he's not a man that he should lie. It's impossible for God to lie. You do your part and God is going to fulfill his part every single time. Come on. He said he'll give the Holy Ghost to them that what? Obey him. You do your part and watch God do his part. He It's impossible for him to lie now. Come on. That stirred my heart. just thinking about God, it's impossible for you to lie. Come on. And I start thinking about all the promises that God made us. And I start thinking about the mountains that's in our way from getting those promises. But then it rings in my spirit that it's impossible for God to lie what he said he'll do. Come on. And I'm resting on that. Mountain move out of my way. Come on. Hallelujah. I was having myself. I said, "Lord, that's what it is. It's impossible for you to lie. I can't doubt God." Why? Cuz it's impossible for him to lie. Hallelujah. But I says, you know what hindered you? Something got to stir you up. Amen. Come on. You know many things I says, uh, God when he's told Israel in those, go into the land and I want you to destroy all the inhabitants of it. Right? But many times you might they might have looked at the little babies or the little things that and as as Saul got caught up in that once things that weren't vile and and refusable. I keep those because it seem harmless. But come on, God knows what he's God when God tell you to do something he knows what he's talking about. Come on. What you think is harmless just like he told uh uh uh uh Israel those he says if you don't if you don't uh uh uh root them out. Come on. He says they'll they'll grow up. There'll be a a prick in your eyes. I thought about that. I said there'll be a prick in your eyes now. They going you your vision might start off right, but sooner or later you let it stay around. It's going it's going to damage your eyesight now. Come on. You're going to lose the f the vision that you first had, you going to lose it at some point. Come on. He said that not only that, there'll be a what? A thorn in your side. Right. Somewhere along the line if you don't if if you don't root it out. Come on. If you don't stomp stamp it out somewhere along the line, come on. It's going to walk you down. Come on. You can go to church year in and year out. Be the most faithful person. But if you don't give it all to God, let it all go. It's going to walk you down at some point. Come on. It might seem harmless, but you know, one thing about it, I was sharing I was sharing with the guys at work was I was talking about the devil. I said the devil ain't got no no um no horns in a pitchfork and all that. Come on. Because it didn't look like the devil. you wouldn't go nowhere near him. But I was just talking like that and one of the guys at work, he said, "Ernest, man, hold up. Let me get my phone out." I said, "I want," he said, "I want my family to hear this." He said, "We ought to put it on the internet. Everybody need to hear this." He said, "Cuz you you don't think about it that way." I said, "The devil, but no matter how what form he comes in, the devil is the devil." Come on. And he ain't got but what? Three things to do. Kill, steal, and what? Destroy. That's his job. The devil don't care nothing about you. Amen. And sometimes we we we we we think within ourselves that we just be in the middle of the road. I'm not going to serve God all the way and I'm not going to be. It's no middle of the road. Come on. Come on. Hallelujah. Then without the spirit of God, there ain't none of his. Right. Come on. You got to find yourself on one side or the other. Come on. And that's what it is. You know, even even uh he was talking here about how the flesh and the spirit come on. That this is this I mean Yeah. the flesh and the spirit. Well, this is a war, right? Come on. They contrary one to another, ain't they? Come on. What your soul is is desired and and what your soul needs is contrary to what your flesh want. Come on. It is. The fleshly things will make you feel good in the flesh sometimes. Come on. And the and the more wicked it is, sometimes it look like the more pleasure it should be. But what is it doing? It's starving your soul out. Come on. You'll find out one day that you ain't where you think you ought to be at now. Come on. But God will expose you and show that you naked. Come on. You weighed in the balance and found want. And I said, God, don't let me be like that. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. Search me now. That's one thing about it. People say, "Uh uh uh oh, you can't judge. You don't judge." But we know judgment begins at the house of God. And the thing is when when when you preaching the word or declaring the word, it's not that you judging. You just declaring what the Bible says. Come on. And people get mad with what the Bible say. Amen. Come on. And sometimes you feel bad, but they get mad with what the word of God say. Just like the night the word of God talked about the the the things that the flesh like, fornication, adultery, all these things. It was a whole list of things. Come on. He says, "But I'm going to tell you like I told you once, they that do these things, they ain't going to inherit the kingdom of God." You can't tell people they going to heaven, they going to be all right doing those things. Come on. You can't inherit the kingdom that way. That's the word. Hallelujah. And people get mad when you say that. But all you're trying to do is help them make heaven their home. All you're trying to do is help them get right with God so the windows of heaven can open up and God can pour out blessings on their life. That's all you're trying to do. Come on. Cuz you know what it takes. God showed us what it takes, don't he? Come on. Hallelujah. I said, "What hinders you?" Come on. You know, I we find I said sometimes, you know, we was talking about the devil, right? And one of the guys at work, he started saying something about the pope and he pulled up a picture of of the pope kissing the the president of Sudan feet. Come on now. How you going to have more love than that? Come on. Looked like it, ain't it? And he was a black man, too. Come on. How you how you going to have more love than that? Right. And it and uh you read the the thing the whole the whole dialogue what was going on at the time and he was talking about the the peace and how but he sounds everybody using the word humble and humility. He had more humility than Jesus didn't he? Come on now kissing the people feet. So you he get you what I say what the devil does the devil he he'll have you looking at him like he can't do no wrong. Right? Come on. Can I say it like that tonight? The devil crafty now. Come on. He's so good that you can't say nothing bad about him. Come on. But no matter what, he's still the what? Devil, ain't he? Come on. He's still the devil. Y'all believe that? How good he is, how good he sound, he's still the devil, right? Come on. And it when he's going against the word of God, we know what that is, ain't it? Come on. But one thing about it, that's what what people want. Uh sometimes we we see that and I guess it's just because of that's what the flesh like, right? The flesh want that always. Oh, just just we going to all be all right. Everybody take in. We going to all be all right. The flesh loved that. Come on. But when Jesus came in, come on. Let's talk about John the Baptist said, "You you you snakes, come on, vipers, right? Repent or perish." That's what they was preaching, right? Jesus came in the temple. Come on. and whip them out of it. Right? See, they don't Oh, but but here go the old devil. They all right. Come on. Oh, but one thing about it, God come to clean us up, don't he? That's what it is. God to show you what kind of shape you in. If he don't show you what kind of shape you in, you'll think you're all right. Come on. Amen. I'm so glad that God showed me what shape I was in. I'm so glad that God showed me that I was lost on my way to hell needing a savior. Come on. No matter how how cool or whatever I thought I was, God showed me one day, you ratchet, you're miserable, you're blind, naked, come unto me and bow me. Hallelujah. Oh, Jesus. Come on. And I came to him just like I was. Hallelujah. Come on. But I says, the thing is, come on. What what hindered you? Hallelujah. Come on. Or or or like we say, what hinders you? Or or in some cases, we can say, who hindered you? But I says what it is. You know, a lot of times, you know, I wanted to talk about a few things I might skip all over. You know, there several things that like the scriptures here declaring several things that hinder us that that uh are become stumbling blocks and come on and they keep you those things can't inherit the kingdom. Come on. What's the kingdom is righteousness, peace, and joy. Right? Certain things you lost your joy. Come on. You lost your peace, but it's something that robs you of that. Amen. Come on. It's something that stop the the windows up, stop the well up. Hallelujah. The way no matter how happy you ought to be, you can't get to that type of joy, right? Because money, nothing else can't provide that type of joy. Hallelujah. Nothing else can't provide that type of peace but God himself. Come on. And it's things that that'll stop it up, ain't it? Come on. One of the one of the things I was looking at here is he was as he was talking in in the 20th verse about idolatry. Amen. Come on. Many times we don't think about that. I want to say tonight, anything that you put before God is an idol. Come on. Anything. Wife, children, money, anything you put before God is an idol. Come on. Ain't it'll stop the well up, won't it? I says, I was saying the other day, and I I say it to myself all the time, you can't let nothing get in between you and God. Hallelujah. Come on. You can't let nothing You can't get out of the out of God's will for nothing. Come on. I look at it like this. The things that that that the devil wants you to get out of God's will for, remember, if it's God will for you to have it, he'll bless it. Come on. You don't have to get out of his will to get it. Come on. Amen. God will give you riches with no sorrow on it. Hallelujah. You going to have to lose or give up your prayer time. Give up your time with God. Would God bless you? If he intend for you to keep it, you'll keep it. Hallelujah. I'm a firm believer. I'm a witness. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. So it's no doubt in our minds. What are we going to do? Hallelujah. We going to stay with God. Come on. Oh, Jesus. Amen. But the devil, what he does, he he he tricks us. Come on. I say anything you put before God is an idol. Anything. That's right. Come on. And it contaminates your spirit. You know, you know the devil. The devil been studying you since you was born. He knows what your daddy struggle with, your granddaddy, and everybody struggle with. Amen. Come on. Amen. So, he knows he's got you figured out, right? Come on. So he knows what to offer you. Y'all believe that tonight? He knows. And he keep flashing it before you. You'll fall one day. Hallelujah. But it's one thing about it. I might have been born with certain genes, but when the Holy Ghost came, Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. All that was wiped away. I don't have that appetite, desire. The only thing that that that gets me going is the things of God. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. Come on. That's what lifts me up when I'm down in the in the mud. Hallelujah. What I'm going through, that's what lifts me out of it. Come on. And that's what ought to lift you out of it tonight. Hallelujah. I believe that. Come on. But I says, you know, one thing about it, you know, there's a lot of I says a lot of things. Come on. Stumble you, won't it? Be a hindrance to you. You know, I I I was looking here. He was talking about hatred, right? Come on. Hate. Hate is a strong thing. Amen. Ain't it? And I don't believe that it may have it may have even started out with hate. It may have been something real small, a misunderstanding or something real small. Now, but it material, it grew into hate. By the time the devil got big, he was hate then, right? Come on. And that's why the devil don't want people working things out now. Come on. Amen. Amen. The devil don't want people talking and working things out. Amen. He wants you to keep that thing in your spirit because he knows it's a stumbling block to you. He knows if you hold on to it when you pray, God ain't even hearing you. Come on. Oh Jesus. So he wants you to let it go. No. Come on. I don't know about you, but I want God to hear my prayer. Hallelujah. When I'm down on my knees, it's calling. I want God to hear. Oh Jesus. Come on. But what it does, I believe that certain things it it grow into that, don't it? Come on. And what it is, like we said, it be a little devil now turn into something big. Come on. But that's what the devil does. Y'all believe that tonight. But I says one thing about it. Come, one thing about it. I says when in in this journey, so many it's so many things he was talking about envy and all that. And I wonder I don't have time tonight, but we can go through and break each and every one of those things down and show you uh uh show scripturally how these things come on. throw the people off. But he says, and what it is, these things, the ones that they this this can't inherit the kingdom. Come on. Our whole goal here today and all our running is to make heaven our home. Come on. To be in the kingdom of God. You going to let hatred, envy, any little thing going to stop you. Come on. You did run well. What? What happened? Amen. What got in your spirit that got you all messed up? Come on. What did the preacher say to get you all hurt? Come on. Get y'all offended. Now you can't get the blessings because your ears are stopped up. Come on. Let it go and let God bless you. Hallelujah. Come on. Let it go. Let's get make heaven our home tonight. Come on. Oh Jesus. Come on. I don't know. I want I want to I want to make heaven my home. Come on. If mama don't go, if brother don't go, sister don't go, Lord, I want to go. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. Come on now. They that do these things can't inherit the kingdom. Right. Come on. But I says what it is. We We don't realize tonight. I'll cut it short. We don't realize tonight. I says um the privilege that we have. Amen. I was sharing with the guys last night. I said, "We we don't realize the privilege that we have." I was sharing with them about I think it was a boy over in North Korea. He was from right here in in America, but he went over there and he he left a Bible in the hotel room and they they locked him up for propaganda and they tortured him. And by the time he got back, they finally released him, he came back over to America with his parents and he died. Come on. I says, "All because he brought a Bible with him and they don't allow that over there and left it in the hotel room." I says, "But I was telling the boys at at work last night, you and I, come on. We can bring our Bibles to work." Hallelujah. We can have our Bibles everywhere we go, but we won't even read them now. Come on. Hallelujah. I was talking to them about the the Fox Book of Motors and how so many went through. I say what it is. This gospel is dripping with blood. Hallelujah. A lot of them had to deal with those things. And you and I today right now anyway got the liberty. Hallelujah. To search God's word out. Come on. Amen. Not only that, to gather together and hear it and be blessed. The gospel is dripping with blood. We don't realize how good we got it sometimes. Come on. We don't realize that they had to hide and do all kind of things just to say the Lord's prayer. Come on. Oh Jesus. But I thank God for the little grace that he's given us right now. Come on. I'm I'mma take the opportune of it. Hallelujah. Come on. I'm going to give it all I got right now. I was telling those boys that at work last night, I was stirred. I said, "What it is, this gospel is dripping with blood." Come on. You taking it for granted. You want to hear that word one day. You'll want to read it one day. Oh Jesus. Come on. Get it now. Hallelujah. Wow. It's It's a blessing to your heart. Come on. I don't know about you, but it's a blessing to my soul. See, if you don't believe in it, it can't bless you. Hallelujah. But but when you know it's real, it's more than just church services. But it's something real taking place. Something real moving in my soul. Something real speaking to my spirit. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. And it keeps me running. Hallelujah. Don't let nothing hinder you tonight. Amen. Glory to [Music] God. Hallelujah. Praise God. We thank God. Amen. You did run well. Amen. Who did hinder you? Amen. Praise God. I said he said it's impossible that offense would not come, but woe unto him that bring it. Amen. Praise God. We thank God. You know, the prophet God said a lot of times the devil will instigate. You have to put a little thought, a little spirit and and say this one don't like you or this no, you know. He said now and then next thing you know you'll find yourself being indifferent and not feeling good around a brother, sister. And he said that's just the devil. And then he says, "Now what you need to do is go to your brother or go to your sister when that little funny feeling get there. Go to them and talk." He said, "You'll find out nine out of 10 times it ain't nothing but the devil." You know what folks usually do? They go to somebody else that's got the same spirit. Just like the prophet when he was seeing somebody got heart trouble there. He said, "I look over there. is c they crying out for one another. And all this time I was been pastoring sometime a person to come in church and uh if they got a problem in a certain area you'll find him themselves with that particular person they got the same problem. And I said those spirits cry out for help. They cry out if they got that problem then they get along just fine. And I I goodness I you know I be praying Lord don't boom they going to come together it takes prayer but if a person come in the in the church and they want God they want the Holy Ghost they want to see a move of God then they going to get with the people that want the same thing. Amen. They got uh God on their mind. People that got the same spirit. I mean, you nothing you can do but pray God. Yeah. Because you want them to get to God. But before they get to God in a in a deeper walk, in a deeper way, that spirit say, "Hey, what's your phone number? Hey, let's go out to eat. Hey, let's do this." Next thing you know, that's showing love. You know, are you with me? Next thing you know, they got a religious spirit instead of the Holy Spirit. Next thing you know, they Amen. They they got discernment. Oh, they got all all the the gifts of the spirit. They just moved on up. I said, "What they discerning?" That person that came in, you know, like a baby in Christ. And you know, a baby, Amen. It got to take some time to get matured. But before they can can get matured, that spirit sought them out in the area that their weakness is in. And that spirit sought them out and they got together. And you said, "What happened?" Then they see, you know, the bishop used to he told me one time and I I was having trouble with a certain bishop. And the reason why I had trouble with them because somebody had injected the this in my spirit and that and I said, you know, I'm just a young Christian. I'm challenging the bishop. You know, somebody been serving the Lord. But because somebody put something in my spirit, I'm going to be bold with it. You know what I'm saying? See, sometimes you don't know people can their spirit can get on you. And you can have a spirit against somebody just because somebody told you something about somebody, but that's somebody who told you, you got confidence in them. And you got so much confidence. You know, often times a a a pastor can see a lot of things, know a lot of things, but he can't say nothing. Cuz the minute he says something, he's gossiping. Are you with me? So a lot of times he said, "Oh, I wish I could tell you, but I can't." I wish I can tell you some things, but I can't. I just only thing you can do is pray. Because the minute you open your mouth and say, you're going to actually make the p make things worse than it is. So, you're going to have to let God work things out for you. Don't try to work it out yourself. If a person going in the wrong direction and you know that person has not is not your somebody has swed a seed against you in their spirit. Don't you go to them and say, "Brother, sister, so and so and so, you better pray because you can actually damage that person, hurt them." If you love that person, you just wait and see whether or not God will straighten it out. Just wait on God. Say, "Lord, I'm praying and I'm standing in the gap. You can even fast and pray for that sister, that brother." Amen. knowing that they have uh something but they they're innocent a lot of times because somebody sold the spirit against you to them and they actually don't know why they were acting contrary and you know I I got a little down the road in my Christian walk you know I said I didn't know I didn't know that that person matter of fact the person was actually advising ing me in the right direction and trying to tell me about spiritual things, what I need to be taken care of. But before I could get spiritual and before I can get the Holy Ghost, you know, I I'm all worked up like I I need God. I need help. I need the Holy Ghost. Are you with me? See, sometimes we need to work on us. Amen. We need to work on us as individuals instead of, you know, and people dropping loads and this on you and that on you, but I I need to work on me. I need help, God. I I need you now. I need more of God. I need I I need the spirit to move in my life, Lord. I want to know God. That's why I come to church for. I want to know God. I want to walk with God. I want to live for God. I want to work. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. In the kingdom of God. Lord, I want to do something. What would you have me to do? And that's what it's all about, brother. Amen. You didn't come here to sit down. You come here to work out your soul salvation with fear and trembling. You come to work. Amen. He He call you, come on in, labor in the vineyard. This is the 11th hour believers coming on in. Come on in. God said whatever is right, what he's going to pay. Isn't that right? But you get in here and you work work out your soul salvation with fear and trembling. God bless you. Appreciate the word tonight. God is good. Amen. Don't come in here sitting down looking around. Come in here. Let's work. Amen. I wanted to know can tell me when God saved anybody and whenever he saved anybody you would read about Paul Saul on his way what would thou have me to do is me I'm a man of unclean lips when God touch you who who would go he said send me Lord Isaiah said what I'll go it it was something amen that you and I amen can do and knowing that we are doing in the will of the Lord. Lord, don't let me just set around cuz the idol, a idol, what? Which scripture? But it sure been true. Isn't that right? A idol mind is the devil's what? Workshop. Workshop. That you got some sayings. Amen. But those sayings are pretty true. So, you can't be idle. You got to get to work. Amen. If you're not working in the in the in the kingdom of God, don't don't be here uh uh you know uh people on your coail just trying to uh uh ride on your coail. Ride on mama coail, grandmama coail. Uh-uh. You get your own. Amen. Because it's going to come a time when you going to have to have your own oil. Amen. Nobody else is going to do it. It's time to get right. It's time to get your house in order. Amen. Are you with me? Because you going to be responsible for your own soul. You get you got to give account to God for yourself. So, let's do that. Amen. God bless you. Let us stand. Praise God. If you're not saved tonight, why don't you do it? If you're not baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, why don't you come come tonight? I remember uh one brother, he came and he was so tall and so big. I mean, so tall, he's about 66. And he came and he got in the conviction and normally you have you you ain't got no clothes for them. And he he said, "I ain't got no clothes." I said, "I tell you what, get baptized in the clothes you got on." And he was obedient cuz he it was time. Time was right. And he got baptized just like he was. You see what I'm saying? You know, when you when you really mean business with God, it doesn't make a difference. Amen. I want to do now. Amen. I can see uh the unit and Philip, he said, "Here's water. What does hinder me?" I'm in the desert, but here goes some water here. What does hinder me from being baptized? And the unit and the Philip went down in the water. Are you with me? And you got to have that mindset. what I'm waiting on. I got to do it when God touching me, when God lead me. I got to do it then. I can't wait and say, "Amen. Wait till tomorrow." I got to do it now. Today is the day of salvation. The day you hear his voice, harden not your heart. Let us pray. Father, in the precious name of Jesus Christ, Lord, we pray for little brother Crawford, Sister David, want to try to feed him. Lord, I pray that God that he'll be able to be fed, Lord. And God, that you would strengthen him and that he'll be a testimony and a witness. A God that can raise the dead. God that can give life. When it looks like hopeless and helpless, but God, you're more than able. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Father, we trust you now. Lord, we pray for Brother Samuel Johnson family there in Michigan and the believers there in Michigan. Pray God that you would comfort their hearts and strengthen them. Father, we pray that you would move here and oh God, that among your people, Lord, we thank you for Brother Jimmy coming our way and blessing the church. Lord, we pray that you'll be with him as he ministers there with brother Brad Burgess. Lord. Father, I pray that your anointing and your spirit would move. God, may you help us now tonight, Lord. Maybe somebody want somebody want God tonight. Somebody would cry. Lord, have mercy on my soul. God, I need you now. Fill me with your spirit. I need your glory. I need your power. God, help me, Lord. He's a healer. He's a deliverer. Whatever you [Music] need, would you just lift your hand and say, "Lord, Lord, I here am I. I have a need, Lord. I have a need in my life, God. I I I need I need you, Lord. Oh, God. I need a touch from you. I need your spirit, Lord. I need your power, Lord. I need something to happen, Lord. Amen, Lord. I need energizing. I need refilling, Lord. I need your glory, Lord. Oh, Lord. Come and move among us, Lord. Lord, may you move in the hearts and the minds of each and every individual. move in every life. Root out everything that's not like you. Wash us clean. Lord, give us the mind of Christ. Give us the love of Christ. Give us the spirit of Christ. Help us now in Jesus Christ's wonderful name we pray. You want prayer, you can come. You want to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, you can come. God is good. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Bring it up a key, bro. Try a old Cleveland song. Amen. Amen. Please be patient with me. God, God is not through with me yet. Amen. Please, please be patient with me. God is not through with me yet. When he gets through with me, amen. When he gets through with me, when God gets through with me, I shall come forth. I come forth. As you know, one more time, please be patient. He ain't through. Amen. Please be patient with me. God is not through with me yet. Amen. He ain't through. Please. Be patient with me. God is not through with me yet. When God get through. When God gets through with me. When God get through with me, I should go. I as nothing. Amen. Let's just bow. Thank you Lord Jesus for this service. Pray Lord that the word that was spoken be instilled in our heart Lord that you keep us. Bless us giving you the glory now. Thanking you for all things. Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. Oh, [Music]
