################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2010-04-11 - 10-0411am   Justified to Glorified Pt1   Wade Dale - Wade Dale.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2010-04-11
Title:    10-0411am   Justified to Glorified Pt1   Wade Dale
Speaker:  Wade Dale
Church:   Spoken Word Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 29m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMB3Cc256uY
========================================

Description:
10-0411am - Justified to Glorified Pt1 - Wade Dale.flv
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] Amen. Ain't that wonderful that we have that security and that satisfaction? Let's all stand this time and we'll change the size. It's 3:16 in the spiral book. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. Lord. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. change you [Music] living, breathing, walking, God. That's the mystery of this holy all wrapped up in one statement, right? Ye are God's. Amen. Thank you, Lord. And you have to determine whether you're in that group or not because it's individual affair with God. I can't give you anything today at all. That's right. You'll have to receive it from God. Amen. And I hope you do. Amen. Love to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Love each and every one of you. Good to uh have brother Richard with us. Amen. Amen. They're not visitors. They've been here before. So, u their names are written in a real book. So, we don't have to worry about the name written in the book on the road somewhere else. They're just here with us today. And uh the instruction here's not doing this today. [Laughter] Now, there we go. We're going to have a little Sunday school class today. Reason we're doing this is uh it was requested uh I did this down in St. in Augustine, Florida a few weeks ago and dad happened to be there and uh I got his seal of approval. So I know we're going to do it today and and we're going to put it on a video. Can everybody see this? Can you see it from over there? D you may you be okay. I'll move it. That's fine. Just leave it right there. But the Lord bless each and every one of you. Pray for dad. And I want to thank brother Joe Solace. Amen. Um, he took over Sunday school this morning and I think they just fired me. If I'm up if I'm upstairs next Sunday, you'll know that I had been put out. That's okay. No, he did a wonderful job. Then, uh, if you'd like to continue that, it doesn't bother me a bit. I'm not the only people on the beach. You guys know that it takes a five-fold ministry. It takes ley. It takes uh it takes each individual. And uh before we get into the service, let's turn to Hebrews 10. It's something been on my heart just for just for a moment. Uh we're going to take our time with this today and try to show something in your journey, the journey of life. It is a journey that God put us on. Amen. And uh it's he that has made us and not we ourselves. That's right. We're the sheep of his pasture. Um we didn't choose to be in this end time, but now that we are in the end time, I thank God he chose us to be in the end time. That's right. All right. So, we're just going to This is going to be just a small something that we're going to read. I'm going to go over this because it's just something been on my heart. This has nothing to do with what we're going to do here, but um I think it may be something that we need to look at. Hebrews 10 and 25. Let's pray before we start. Dear heavenly father, thank you for each one that has come today. We pray now, Lord, that you will settle each heart. That truly, Lord, this is an individual affair with you, Father. But you put in your word a place for pastors, teachers, evangelists, apostles, and all those to perfect the saints, Lord. And we pray today that you would use this unworthy vessel. Just one more time, Lord. May it not be a man speaking, but may it be the Holy Spirit speaking to each heart and each mind, Lord, that it'll go deep inside and that they'll eat it, Lord, as John ate the book. May it be, Lord, if it's bitter and may it be bitter, but oh Lord, it's so sweet. Yes. To say that we have come under the last day word of the hour. We could be out in the world, Lord, doing other things. We could be in nom in nominal churches, Lord, but you chose us because, Lord, you knew that we'd want this more than anything. So, Father, I pray that you would bind all the principalities and powers that would come against his service. Bind the brokenhearted, heal the sick. You said you sent your word and healed the people and delivered them from destruction. So, as the word goes forth, may someone be healed, Father. May someone be touched. May someone be saved, Father. Yes. May you fill us all again with the Holy Spirit, Lord. That's what we're looking, Lord, for that great outpouring that you would just pour it on us from head to toe, Lord, as the oil running down Aaron from his head down to his to his shoes. Father, just be with us now. Be with dad as he pack as he preaches there in in Tennessee, Lord. Just bless him for us to look bless the little bride around the world, Lord. Continue to be with the ones on the foreign field. Bless them, Lord, and give them strength to do what they need to do. Father, forgive us of our sins and our many mistakes because we make many. And Lord, may it be your righteousness that shone today and not ours because they are filthy rags, but your righteousness is white as snow. Father, just bless us and be with us in Jesus name. Hebrews 10. Now, if you read the whole part of Hebrews, we not read Hebrews 10:25. Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together as the manner of some is. But if you'll read the before and the after. All right, but we're just going to key on 25. Not forsaking the assembling of your ourselves together as the manner of some is. So some are not. And I say to you that are listening to the internet, if you don't have a church to go to, you need to find one. Because let me tell you something, people. We might think this isn't an individual affair, and it is. But you're not going to make it by yourself. All right. Amen. You are. We are the ones that need help. We are the ones that need to bind together. I told somebody on the on the uh telephone yesterday, I said Paul said, "If an angel come and preach any other thing, so if William Brandon was to come back and walk in that door and say, "Hey, you don't have to go to church anymore. You can get it all by yourself." I'd say that's a liar. Yes. Because this Bible cannot be broken. Amen. Now, I know brother Random said we might be meeting in houses when the squeeze come, but I look around and I don't see much of a squeeze except for our bellies squeezing against our pants and our uh and our shirts. So, this is not the squeeze people. This is where we need help. I wanted to preach a little sermon on the on the interval between the um six and a seven, but the Lord just kind of led me to do this and and uh actually mom asked me to do this. did that. Well, but anyway, but not forsaking the assembly of ourselves together as a manner of some is, but exhorting one another and so much the more as you see the day approaching. Amen. Now, we might be scattered like the wind, but we're not now. We need help now. We need to get to a place to where if we have to be alone by ourselves, then we can sustain and make it by what God's planted in our heart. But this is not the hour because if you'll read in Matthew 24:24, he says there's people going to come through and say, "Lo, he is in the desert." Yes. Right. Let's go. That's right. But the Bible says if you know where Christ is, you won't go to the desert. Cuz they said it'll deceive the very elect if possible. The reason the elect won't be deceived is because you'll know where Christ is. Somebody can't come in and say, "Hey, Christ is over at this place." Amen. You got to know whether that Christ inside of you will take you to that place or not. All right. So, it is an individual affair. Brother Ding gave me a wonderful uh quote. I forgot to bring it up here, but anyway, it is an individual affair, but we must bind together. You have a responsibility today to pull on the gift that God gave me. I know what I'm going to say, but you're going to pull on something that maybe I haven't got in my nose to say. All right. But Paul, you know, Paul and Corinthians, if this is not a way for us to have church, then Paul was wrong. When he got to the Corinthians, he put preachers in bishops, right? Why would he why, you know, somebody asked me one time said, you know, why did God put deacons in the church if the Holy Ghost is the one who's supposed to lead? I said, well, the Holy Ghost ain't in everybody. That's why you have deacons. Cuz you know the Bible says the Holy Ghost will lead you and guide you into all truth. So why do you need a deacon and an elder? No, you need those or they wouldn't be in the Bible because we're human beings. We're sheep, remember, that need to be led. Whether we think we're, you know, kings and priests, we will be. God will give us that time. But right here on this earth, we're she we're sheep and we need a shepherd. But I just wanted to bring that to you and just you got to see in your heart the right thing to do. Amen. in your heart. You got to know that you know that you know that's right because remember look in the Bible and I believe this is where we at brother Dean in between you look at the the Bible goes through six seals and stops and there's an interval something's brought in and then the seventh you're going to see even with the statue of a perfect man you're going to see there's seven ads right but between that sixth and seventh there's an interval everywhere in the Bible brother said it was a resting time awaiting I believe we're in that time right now because God's going to shake the ones that shook needs to be shook. The ones that's going to fall out of the tree is going to fall out of the tree. Right? Let the chips fall where they may. But you know what? It's your choice. You choose. Choose you this day who you'll serve. Right now, let's get into the sermon. Hebrews 6, please. We're going to walk Hebrews 6 and1. We're going to walk through our journey today. We're going to title it justified to glorify. Amen. Now, daddy touched a little on it Wednesday night. I want you to remember one thing. Put this little seed in your heart. God does everything by threes. God is perfected in threes. Right. And when you get into the future home, I didn't bring the quote, but brother Bham says in the future home, talking about where we're going to live for an eternity, we're already eternal. He said justified. Yes. Sanctified. Yes. Filled with the Holy Ghost. Because the earth has to go through that. Even though we're all perfect, the earth has to go through its justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Spirit. Hebrews 6:1. Therefore, leaving the principles of the doctrine of doctrine of Christ, let us go on into perfection, not laying again the foundation of repentance from dead works and faith toward God, of the doctrine of baptism and laying on of hands, and the resurrection of the dead, and of eternal judgment. And this will we do if God permit. Amen. All right. Now, let's turn to Romans 8. Your Bible should automatically open to that. Daddy's been on it for a while and the Bible's got a crease in it. That's okay. That means it's being used. Y'all have to forgive me. Sinuses are draining. I'm sure some of yours are, too. Just pray for us as the Lord dried up. We can get something said. Verse 30. Moreover, whom he did predestinate them he also called. And whom he called, them he also justified. Amen. And whom he justified. Lord, them he also glorified. What shall we then say to these things if God be for us? Who can be against us? You can be seated in the Lord. Bless the reading of the word. And just pray that we don't get this done in one, we'll do it in two. But we wanted to uh video it and uh so we can see kind of visually what we're what we're talking about. Let me start off with a quote from the third seal. You know, dad's not preaching per se on the seals, but it would be um it would be a nice thing if we all started going back to the seals again, cuz truly that's justification, sanctification. That's redemption. That's redemption. Try not to hit that thing marked in the right spot so he can show that. Not me, but show the board. Okay. Romans 8. We see that God's speaking about this. But watch what brother Brown says in the third seal. Now, we find out that then that these mysteries are supposed to be revealed. Then why don't these other men Wesley Lutheran these great reformers who brought out justification sanctification Pentecostal age with baptism of the Holy Spirit and things why didn't he catch these messages? Why didn't they get them? Because they were reformers. Just like take it on the other side. There was people come in who had power as kings but wasn't kings. See? See, you have to notice the Bible terminology of anything. See, now watch. But these the reason that all the stray ends of the mysterious part of justification, the mysterious part of sanctification, the mysterious part of the baptism of the Holy Ghost and why, what kind, what did Eve, did Eve eat an apple or a pomegranate or something? What was the serpent seed? Baptism name father, son, holy ghost, the name of the Lord Jesus. Oh, hundred of those things that has been left loose ends. So, brother Brown comes and he that truly we see that that Luther had a justification that put him in the body of Christ, but it's not a justification that's going to put me and you in the body of Christ. All right. Now, I know this is old half for some of you, but guess what? We're going to go over it one more time. All right. Is that okay? And if you can't see this, let me know. I'm going try to What's that beeping? Can you hear it? Yes. Good. At least it's still beating quick. All right. And what we're going to do today is we're going to look at justification to glorification or justified to glorified and go through our journey as a Christian. And it's like I told him down in Florida, if you can't relate to this, you need to be born again. So today people, if I lose you, please start right here with baby faith. Just like Paul, he didn't say he wasn't saying doing away with a foundation. Right. Right. He said, "Let's take the foundation and go on to perfection." Because truly this here is this is where you start your journey right here. This is your journey. All right. Right. Right there at faith. But you have to come through and we're going to look today and try to take our time. If we if we get too fast, somebody say slow down. But when you were born again, you started at faith because the Bible says, "Add to your faith." In second Peter, it says, and I love that it says, "Having the divine, there's only one divine." That's right. Having the divine nature. Yes. Your nature was not divine. I'll promise you that. It's hard for a lot of you to see that my nature is divine a lot of times, but somewhere down in there by the Holy Ghost, right, our nature is divine. Amen. But we're encased in this little thing called the earth. Right. But when we start our journey, and I do like that word divine because there's really only one divine. When I read that in second Peter, brother, that boils in my heart when it says having the divine nature of almighty God. Amen. That ought to make you sacrifice. That's right. I mean, it ought to just make you just boil over because he gave something to you that was divine that you didn't have. And actually, you didn't want. Oh my. Come on. That's right. Were you looking for God? No. He was looking for you. That's right. All right. Now, let's start with baby justification. Now, this may be elementary, but we're going to have to start somewhere. All right. So on our journey when we become justified now there's not a real mysterious part of that but you know what there is a real mysterious part of that. How in the world can can God take a man like me that like I've told you many times this mouth that he uses now was used in a lot of other ways to say bad things make people feel bad in a real bad way. This hand the same hand I used to pick a beer bottle up with all of you. We all use this thing out here. We know we did this thing, what we did with these things. All right. But God comes in and says, "Hey, if you'll believe in me, I'll take everything you've done from that point and I'm just going to wash it away." Hey, we're just down here. We're not even up here yet. But now, it doesn't do anything. It doesn't bring you a divine nature, but it does put you in an attitude like like the Bible says in and and Paul is correct. Those who he has truly I want to I'm not adding to the word, but I believe that's what Paul was saying. Those he truly justified. Amen. You already got a glorified condition up here. That's right. That's right. Okay. That's right. But now there's a lot of people that could be justified. I've seen it happen. You've seen it happen. come up, make a confession, go right back out in the world, and you never see them again. Well, I believe truly that God said in his word that if you will believe on me, I'll cut off your past sins. But the next day, you're going to do the same sin over again. Come on. Okay. So, that's baby form justification because that's what Luther done. Even when Luther was born again, what did he do? He sat in a pub, smoked a beer, smoked a pot, and drank a beer. Somebody say I'm getting ahead of myself here. But under justification in his age though, that put him in the body of Christ. That put him right here. But he had nothing to take him any further because the word had blinded his eyes. Right? It blind. You can't be blinded by light, people. All right. So baby born form justification. You walk up and you say, "Pastor, I'm tired of living this way. I want my God to deliver me from what I've done in the past. Mhm. God says, "Okay, I'm just I'll do it." So, he chopped off your past sins. You make a confession of faith, right? All right. It's like brother Brandham showed about the jar. You see a jar laying out on the street. Uh it's full of mud and water and it's closed up. Well, you know, God picks that jar up and he says, "Okay, I got you." Yeah. You're not going to be dirty in that anymore. But that doesn't clean the jar up. Right. So now let's go to sanctification. A deeper walk with God. The next thing what he does is God gives you a new spirit. That's what the Bible said. What brother said, brother said to give you a spirit that you can love God with, right? And you become in an order, a religious order. Oh my. And that's the most dangerous part is right here. Right. Right. We had a discussion in the ministers meeting down in in Florida and I don't think the preachers got what dad and I were trying to to get to them but they were saying we read in second Peter where God says after you get all these virtues they make you you reading in second Peter says they make you in other words they do if you receive all the virtues that makes you a you know a better person the son of God. All right. So, they were saying, "Well, if this makes them, why are our people still acting the way they're acting?" And buddy, I just went over there and I said, "Because you know what? They're stuck right here thinking they're right here." And I said, "You're even thinking they're right here." Right. See, we as ministers, we want to believe everybody's full of the Holy Ghost, saved and ready to go. But he said, "Fear not, little flock." Right. Right. Right there. The unclean spirit goes out of a man, walks in dry places, seekth rest, findth none, comes back, brings seven more religious demons. Religious, not drunk. Religious demon puts you in church and tells you that you have faith now. You have the Holy Ghost. That's the devil's ploy. But if you truly are sanctified, God does clean you up, right? and puts you in order or in in aside for service. He takes the jar takes the jar and cleans the outside of the jar up and sets it up on a on a a shelf and gets you ready for service, but you're not in service. But let me come back to this because let me tell you right here is where the devil has a lot of people in this message stuck. Believe so, right? And a lot of you, right? Amen. Oh, they going on that one. What? Everybody else. Yeah, I ain't got everybody else up. But when he said you, I've been back 10 years, man. A lot of you hadn't moved one inch in 10 years. So, hey, but you know what? I hope to God that he's reveals to you that you're sanctified. Amen. And that's where you're at. Amen. because then he can bring you up to the baptism of the Holy Spirit or faith. But people, it's a journey. We must continue. We must continue. That's why we need each other. We need Bible study. We need Sunday school. I don't, you know, I don't see how that's so organizational. I see the book people at Ephesus. They gathered together 12 people. They did not just sit there and look at each other. Right. That's right. They talked about the word of God and the Bible said they extorted each other. In other words, they spoke one to the other. What about their journey? Right. What do you think you and I going to talk about for an eternity? We're going to want to hear everybody's journey. I am. Luther's going to wonder how he got stuck down here and we got all the way up here. We're going to tell him what his justification though took us to. Right? Because that justification in this Bible is the same one that Luther got a hold of. But we can take it and show the mysterious part and he's he's going to ask you, "How did you get from here to here?" Because I only got here. You don't believe that? I believe I believe Luther exactly will say, "How in the world did you get from here to there?" Right. All right. Brother said Luther is just like he went to sleep and woke up the next morning. When he comes back in this dimension, it's just like he went to sleep, come right back into this dimension. Right? But I don't believe that Luther is going to come back into this dimension with all the full knowledge of the headstones. I may be wrong, but I think we're going to be learning more. You say, "Well, we're going to be perfect and eternal and all these things." Well, that's right. But what about the guy with the cup of water in my name and and the foolish virgins? They're they don't have an understanding like you and I have. And you know what? We're going to be able to teach them. I believe because the Bible says we're priests and kings. Brother Random said if we're priests and kings, we're going to have to have somebody to preach to and somebody to rule over. Right. Now, that's the Bible. Not that ain't nothing me and you come up with. We're to be priests and kings. That's what it said. Okay. Sometimes we take look at these little statements we make and we don't really think about it. But if you think about it, you want to be priest and kings. What are you going to be a priest over? There's not somebody to tell something to. That's right. All right. Now, justification. God, I'm finished with my life. I don't want nothing to do with the old man. Sanctification. God, clean me up and set me aside and get me ready to go into service because what I'm doing is is I'm not satisfied with that same because remember that still didn't do anything to that inside guy, the real you, the soul. The soul is still black at sanctification, right? He's cleaning it up. All right. But until he comes right here, there is not two people in your soul fighting. It's either faith or doubt. You're either black or white. Right. Right. Black being the devil and white being God. All right. So, it's not too soul. We're not worrying about all that junk cuz that's neither here nor there. But God cleans us up. And then what does he do right here at faith? Brother Adam said he somehow he comes down through all that and gives you a divine nature of almighty God. Which actually a lot of people think, well, praise God, I got the Holy Ghost. It's over. No, it just begins. Your journey just begins at the baptism of the Holy Spirit. You're still going to have problems. You're still going to have trials. You still going to have test because that's what this man is from here up to here. We're going to fill this in in a minute. All right. But does everybody understand so far? Justification dropped off your past sin. Sanctification cleans you up and sets you aside for service. And then God comes down into your soul, burns out that old nature, and then puts his nature in. Now, that's not unclean. That's the divine nature of God. Right. This man right here is already right glorified. Right. That's right. This is Yes. And this is not right. Nod a little louder, would you? The devil's telling us that that's not right. That's what he's telling you in your head. Glorified. We can't go past Romans 8:30. those who he justified. He's already that's past tense. That's right. Glorified. So in your soul today, if you're born again, you are everything. Now, don't get me wrong. Your everything you need for your journey is right here. But that does not end your journey. right now. There's a teaching in the message that when you get the Holy Ghost down here that you're done. You're already up here because this is where the other church age is is up here. You know, where this is where we're supposed to be right here. Right. And um last year, right? Right. That's so so you get everything. Well, yeah, I believe you get everything. But you know, we were reading the other day when a when a little girl is is conceived in the womb, a girl that at what? 6 weeks, at 6 or 8 weeks, if you if you have a having a baby and it's a girl at 6 weeks old, she already starts producing eggs. Oh, what? In her body for her journey in life. But now, let's just be adults for a minute. She's not going to be able to make that manifest until she becomes a girl. I mean, a lady. Does everybody understand what I'm saying? 12 years old, 13, 14, whenever, you know, time starts and all that. But she has everything she needs. Everything. Got all of her fingers, right? One eye on each side of the nose, everything she needs to conceive and have children. But we know it's an awful thing. They can't do that till they're 12 or 13 years old. Hey, they got all the parts, right? They got all the way to do it right here. Amen. But can she do it? Nope. She's got to wait for her journey in life to take her to a place. Amen. That she can become a wife and then become a mother. There's stages. And truly, yes, we received everything because you can't go what the Bible said. It says justified to glorified right here. Right. Mhm. Now, we have a journey that's a three-stage journey that we must go from this baby justification to where God's going to change somebody's body and we're going to have a glorified body on this earth. Yes. That's right. That's right. Because those who he's justified, he's already glorified. Right. Now, we're not going to teach a new new birth. All right. Some people said, "Brother Random changed his attitude or changed his way about a new birth back in, you know, after the seals were broke." No, they just missed what he was saying, brother Dean. He just took us higher into the Holy Spirit. He just revealed more of the Holy Ghost that we had not seen before. It wasn't a new word. That's right. You don't just Hey, listen. Right here's where I'm telling you where the people are stuck in this message because they say this right here. I am in the message. I believe what Brother Brown said. You can die and go to hell right there. Right. You can sit in the message church and drive up and die and go to hell right there. I am in the message. I believe what brother Brown said. The devil's got you beat on that one. He comes to church a lot more than some of y'all do. But right, that's it. You must have an experience of justification. You must have an experience of sanctification. And you definitely going to have to have an experience of the baptism of the Holy Spirit. You're going to have to see that your life has changed. Now listen. Yes. That don't kill all that that comes to you from all different sides. That's right. Don't think we're walking in perfection here. But let me tell you something. That guy down inside of here, whether you like it or not, as perfect as Dawn is, he never did anything wrong. He never said a bad word. The guy you're looking at here did. Okay? Cuz we're going to see something in a minute that come to light to me just the other day. But now, let's start our journey because really now this is our journey and this is where we begin. Now, I'm not going to draw all the virtues. We're just going to start all over again. Amen. Right. You can put it here or there. It doesn't matter. You remember, brother. Put it right here. Right. Right. Right. And we will for and then we're going to get rid of that and that cuz we got a captain stone that goes on there. All right. Now, now we start all over again. Why? Cuz we need it. Let's just be honest, people. Listen. You go home and you live with yourself. We can pretty oursel up. There's a guy that the guy I bought the house from, uh, well, it was Terrence, but the one before that was, uh, Jackie Seagers, and he usually sees me in my jeans and a t-shirt, and he come by and he said, "You sure clean up good?" And I thought, "Yeah, the outside man's as clean as you can get when you come to church." But what about the inside, man? That's right. What about your daily walk? You're the only one that knows. You can fool the preacher. You can f You can fool your fellow people most of the time, but you never can fool God. That's right. He's always there. Amen. He knows what you're thinking right now. Right. So, let's don't fool God. Let's just listen to what he said. So now the first stage we got what? There was three things, right? So God can't break his continuity. Right, Gary? He can't break his continuity. He's got to go back to threes again. All right, we're going to look at something here. We're going to kind of bring something out that maybe you haven't thought of before. And that will be we're going to go back to justification again. You say, "Well, brother, he's already chocked off my past sins." The prophet of God says Christians sin every day. Now, I'm not talking about sin down here. That's gone. Cut off. Everybody understand that? Amen. This is chopped off. What you If we could ever get to this part, it'll help. Ain't that right, brother? I mean, really, if we get a true revelation of justification, but you still got stages that you got to go through. Because this justification, then I realize that this guy did something, right? All right. Down here, I realize that what happened was gone, and I've got to clean myself up to go to the next step. And I may hear here, it may be cigarettes. Let's just take that for example. justification chopped off your past sins. But you know what? Tomorrow you going to light another cigarette up. Right. All right. Even in sanctification. But right there is really where everything that's why everybody takes this and thinks, "Well, that's the Holy Ghost cuz the snuff box went out the door." No. When I come back to the Lord that day, excuse me. I knew I chewed tobacco for 20 years every day just like cigarette smokers. But when God clean when God forgive me of my sin and I come out of that water the day that daddy baptized me in January there in 1998 8 I knew I was on this journey because I felt cleaner than any day in my life. I felt like that water had washed everything away. But you know what? I didn't start shouting I've got the Holy Ghost. Right? when I started shouting that I had the Holy Ghost is when the word that I had held all those years I can only tell you my journey right the word that I had held all those years God started doing this right oh I can tell you by serpent seed serpent seed comes all the way down to this man not just what happened in the garden but God started bringing this word alive and that's when I started my journey that's when God came and filled me with the Holy Ghost and said, "Hey, I need you, knucklehead." But you know what? Even in here, I was still a knucklehead. Cuz God still had to say, "Hey, you did something wrong." Because then I can go back in the word and see that I did it wrong. I did something wrong. Amen. Okay. Now, not the smoking. No, now that's gone. You still You still smoking here. That means you're still here, right? Amen. I want us to realize that, you know, we're doing stuff, you know, we're still cursing and and all the things like that. You're still down here. That's right. Maybe you're in a journey. That's why I used to, you know, when you first become a Christian, and brother Joe, if you can, I know you can hear me. We're going to probably take two services on this one, then we won't do the other one cuz I I don't want to do be too long, but I want to get all these points. But we look at our journey and when we become saved cuz really like brother Brandon I was reading I've been going back in the 50s and reading some of the u prayer lines. You know it's a strange thing. He was a prophet. Come on. And he would bring those people up to that platform under the total anointing of the Holy Spirit and he'd say, "Lady said you got problems. Said your husband's dying of cancer." said, "Oh, I see you're a preacher." That's right. Now, that was God on the platform. God and a prophet. He never rebuked that woman for being a woman preacher. I never heard him say, "Oh, you don't need to do that no more." But we when we become saved, we become legalist. I have my hand way up there. Because what? We're still under what? The law. That's right. You're under the law until right here. Until you're born again, you're under the law. All right. Yes. But you don't do away with the law. You just magnify it and make it holy. I'm not finished yet. Don't think I'm doing away with the law. Come on. But you're all lawyers. You're all condemning everybody. And I did the same thing. But I but I kept watching that prophet and he was not sure. Now when he was preaching, see he say that's a different anointing. The anointing of preaching he can stand here and he say woman should not get in a pull vet. But now when that woman preacher walk up there under that anointing of the of the discernment he never rebuked her. He would even tell sinners he said you need to be saved. But he never would go through and he he'd say now you know what you done in your life now. You know, he was watching their life all the way back in that vision and he said, "Now, you know what you've done. You need to be saved." But he never, what I'm trying to say is brother Brandham, everybody said, "Well, Brother Brandham was a legalist and he was against this and against that." To me, um, I don't believe that. I believe Brother Brandham was the biggest, largest, greatest grace preacher I've ever heard of. Amen. Because if you don't take the grace that he brought you and I, we're all dead and gone. Cuz we can't live under Wesley's age or or Pentecostal. We've got to see the grace of God because all this right here is grace. God's grace that he justified you. His grace that he sanctified you and grace that he filled you with the Holy Spirit. Cuz none of us deserved it. But we all are lawyers. And that's not too bad. But don't let's don't stay that way. And let's don't keep preaching about hair and dress. Get the Holy Ghost. You won't have to preach about hair and dress. All right. I thought I was reading the other day, Brother said about St. Martin. He was not satisfied until every member of his church was filled with the Holy Ghost. You know, he probably still had problems, but he probably didn't have problems with dress and hair and little things like that because you get the Holy Ghost and you won't do those things, right? So, if you cut your hair, you ain't got the Holy Ghost. If you paint your face, you ain't got no hold. I mean, it's really simple to go through here and see that that this right here is now a work going out the other way. Everybody understand it's a work inward work going out. All right. That's why we come back to here because this right here is justification is is working on everything. Right? Now, we're going to go into the inner chamber where in the inner chamber, we're there alone with God, but we still got that thing that mama and daddy brought us here with. Okay. All right. We're still in this guy, right? But now listen, those who he has justified, don't lose that already. And I'm going to put it body, right? Cuz I'm going to tell you something. If you're truly justified today, right, that body I'm looking at, I'm going to look at for eternity at 20 years old. I'm not going to look at another body. That's right. So those who justified it, he's already glorified body. We just have not the devil that that's the devil. That's what he's doing. He's trying to cut us off like Daddy says, starting in the mind and working his way down. He's trying to get us to see that we're not worthy. We're not. That's right. Right. But if we go into here and see the word of God, the promises, I wrote promise right here on top of my Bible. All right. Looking down to that, those who glorified justified, he's already glorified. But we have to go through stages. The little baby girl's got everything she needs to produce children. But guess what? She can't bring a body until she gets to a stage. Right. Right. That's right. Right. can't bring you can't bring the word into reality until she gets to a certain stage. And that's the second stage we're going to work on here. Justification, working on not just chomping off these old sins here, but our daily walk, the daily living. This right here, all of these virtues, brother um what's his name? Keith Reed, he brought this here one time and that's exactly what they said. You can bundle all this up and right here. That's right. That's your trials of life. Right. Because I don't and I don't it's it's okay to draw these lines to to separate faith, virtue, knowledge. But to me that to me, brother D, take these lines out. Yeah. Cuz it's a blending and a molding of of you. a nature of you don't just get faith and brother Ren had to bring it as something we can understand like a step but it's not really just saying well I got faith now I got virtue now I got no no it's a blending together of all these virtues uh you don't leave faith down at the bottom right no we need faith right here we need more faith right here all right we need virtue here we got to have more virtue up here because remember this is nothing more but this in a small form this is a pyramid in itself the headstone right and you know what bring him right down here he's a corner that's exactly where you start from right here that little piece right there you can take and put it right there so he's the chief corner but he becomes the head all right everybody with me right justification We need it. Now, if we have the divine nature of God, he is obligated to bring these into our life and show them to us. But you and I can cut that off and and not go on with God because we see a lot of people uh and it's not a hindrance to say they died um because they all died in Christ if they're born again. Right. All right. But there is a group of people as long as I'm alive, I'm going to preach and I'm going to make it to here. Right. If I pass on, you can say, "Well, he didn't have enough to get himself to right here, but it was my problem." Amen. Right. I'm 50 years old. I got some work to be done. But with God's help, as long as I'm breathing, I'm going to try. My old football coach said, "Lead, follow, or get out of the way." That's right. Don't stand in somebody's way. God don't ever let you do that. Justification though, in the in the body, once you're in the body of Christ, you still have to watch yourself. You have to watch. And I I believe you're more aware here even than here of the things that happen in your life that you have to say, "God, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to do that." Amen. You know, here this, remember, this right here is a struggle. It's a fight when you're down here in your first part of your journey. Come on. And it don't get a lot easier up here. But at least you can take the at least you can take and go back to that typo is inside here and say, "God, you promised it right here in this word." Because remember down here, you're not in the family or the economy of God until you're born again. You're beginning, but you're not you cannot you cannot have the promises of God until you're right here. Mhm. No adoption. Amen. No virtues. Right. Right. You're out of the economy of God. Right. But when you come into faith, that's why it's real wide at the bottom cuz you need a lot of it. That's right. Amen. That's right. Don't we get narrower? Thank God. I told you I don't think I'm in godliness yet because I it's not I'm not just I'm not I'm not I just don't believe I'm there. And I sure need to be better to you guys to my brother and sisters. But at least I know I'm on a journey. Amen. Right. But I believe God takes us through these. But it's something that you and I have to do. We can't Paul says leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ. Let's go into perfection. So we're just going to raise this and and drop it. That's your foundation. That's your foundation to work off of and then start building these little blocks. I like to put the real pyramid. It's got the blocks in it. That's the way I live. I don't live with these great big long lines. I live one little block at a time. All right. Like keeping my mouth shut, doing the right thing. Bless it. Really, right? When I should. Praise God. And talk when I should, right? Amen. When I should. And I really, like Brother Dick said, we're both highly opinionated. Brother Dick sometimes thinks I don't like him, but I really love him just like me. He just he just done it a little longer than that. I love all of you. You know what? I want us all to be here. You know, I and the things I do say to some of you and I really apologize for maybe the way I said it, but I don't apologize for what I say. Because if we can't do if we can't come to church on time, if we can't do the little things, God's not obligated to do any of this for us. Does everybody understand that? If we can't get to church on time and pray and and and be here and and be a part of the of the uh service and praise God and worship me, then you know what you've done? You put a cap That's right. on anything God can do for you. You have. We're talking about capping a pyramid off. You cap yourself off down here. And it's not a good thing to be down here and be capped cuz you what you do is you know what that cap is. It ain't a stepping stone. It's a tombstone. Little boy went by drove by a uh um out I guess he was riding by and the little boy looked out the window and said, "To daddy, I know why those heavy rocks are on top of those graves." And Dave said, "Why?" He says, "So the people can't get up." Well, guess what? There's a little truth to that. But it's one that we put on our head, right? Not the one that God puts on our head. God wants us all to come to perfection, right? Or he would not have give us, look people, he give us a road map, which is the Bible. Then he give us I want to say the message to me is like Google Earth. round ball and you can zoom right down to where you live. You can see the doors and the windows. Well, guess what? That's what this message done. It zoomed everything down. Oh my on a life live. Amen. As an individual, okay, these trials of life, we go through justification. We have to have our sins forgiven every day. All right. Now, yet you're filled with the Holy Ghost. And right here, don't get me wrong, right here, you're you're born again. You're ready to go to heaven and be have an eternal glorified body. Right? But that's why Paul said, "Let's go on to what? Perfection." Right? Okay. This is not perfection, right? Right. It was for the other ages, right? But it's not perfection for you and I. That's why we have to live higher and better. That don't mean we walk around with a stuffed shirt and we're better than anybody else. There's no difference in me and Adolf Hitler. He said, "But Adolf Hitler turned God down and I did." Right. Amen. That's it. I'm sure that you know Adolf Hitler had a little Jew in him. You You know that, don't you? He was Jewish. His background was Judas and they said he read the Bible, but somewhere, you know, God came to him and he turned it down. And you see what happened? He may have even come here and here. And guess what filled that up? Seven devils. That's right. Worse than he was the first time. We don't understand people that we look at all these people in history and we look at all these people down through time. They're just like you and I. God has to come to them in a way to say, "Hey, yes, I can save you if you'll let me." Exactly. Because that would be a respector of persons if he did. Okay. So, that makes us dig where I'm not no better, right, than Adolf Hitler, right? It's just that I accepted God and he come down and done a work and then he let the devil do a work. All right. Same thing with Judas's care. Right. Right. Brother Brown said Judas was under the sanctification that Jesus gave him. He sent him out to do mighty miracles and mighty works. But look what he done. He let that devil come right back in. You know what he said? I'm in the message. I believe what Jesus said. You know what he said? He said, "Let's get on with it." Right? And he went to sell Jesus out. Cuz I believe, this is my point with Judas. I believe he thought Jesus was something. But before his time, before his time, he went to the priest and said, "Hey, this guy says he's this. I want you to prove it." Right? I want you to do something to him and let him say it. Because see, remember, even the other 11, right, didn't have a clue that Jud Judas was doing what he was doing. So, he must have been a pretty good church member, right? I'm telling you people, we going to find out a lot. It takes a lot of people I'm going to say half the people in this message are running around sanctified and don't have a clue about this message. What's really going on in this message of the baptism of the Holy Ghost? And we wouldn't act like we do sometimes. Oh my. Amen. Come on people, fear not little flock. Amen. People are building big churches and three and 400 people in the message. what I was trying to get them preachers. They one preacher, he's got a couple hundred in his church and he said, "Why are my people still acting the way they're acting?" I kept pointing back to this. I went, "Right." I finally said, "Brother," I said, "They're just not all born again." That's right. Right. You know, I don't think he accepted that, but you know what? I said it in just as much love as I could. Justification. Now, sanctification. Paul said, "I die daily." We know right here that the old man died, right? We become a new creature. That's right. In Christ Jesus. All right. But I still want to be clean and set aside for more service of God. And the only way he's going to clean me and put me in service is he's going to have to give me these virtues. That's right. Knowledge, temperance, patience, godliness. Because remember here we go to again this is very very horrible place to stay. Guess what you come back to right here. Yep. That's a horrible place to stay. Right. Mhm. Because you can think you're somewhere else, right? And just be right there. That's right. I die daily. Faith, virtue, knowledge. Because what did brother Brown say? He said power without what these characters is the pain and that could work on the outside guy. That's why you see a lot of things happen to people in the message. Now you say, "Well, why you got quiet on that one?" But let me tell you something. Brother Brandham made a statement one time. He said there was a preacher, remember, that went over to the black man at the store and said, "I'm done with religion. Buy me some beer." Right. Right. Brother Brandham said, "God took his servant home." So, he had to be around here somewhere. God took his servant home so he wouldn't mar his name. Right. Yep. Where was he at? Yep. He was done. I've done all I can do. I'm finished with it. He let a devil come in. You going to see a lot of people, that's why a lot of people have to go by the grave because they can't get all this out of them. Why? Because this is what cleaned and set aside for God to put you in some other service besides down here. Mhm. A deeper service. Maybe not another ser service, but a deeper service. You're thinking about that one, aren't you? We got it all when we down here, guys. But I'm going to tell you something. I like brother Jim Kingston. He He's He's a little bit more harsh than I am out in Witchaw. We email each other back and forth every once in a while. He don't mind calling people's name and certain people died out in in Missouri or somewhere. And buddy, he he told him he called the guy's name. And he said, "God took that man off the scene cuz he was messing up." In other words, he was messing up the scene, but he was a godly man. But there was some things he was doing. That's why I'm telling you people, this thing's not over until it's over. The devil can still anoint you on the outside and you can still have the Holy Spirit inside. What do you think about You think, let me give you another example. Um, say if a person, say if say if somebody came up to me and hit me in the head and it changed some chemical imbalance in my body, which I've seen it done to an older gentleman one time, and he just started cursing like crazy. And I believe he was a born again Christian man, right? Just lived 50 years for God. Something happened to his body and it brought all that stuff up and of course he died. But we we got to look and see. That's why I want you to see that there's three stages here to put you in the body. Three stages here to get you higher, right? But let's look at it for a second. Think about that though. We always say all power without character satanic. That must be the antichrist. I don't know people. There's something about that right there. This same mystery is about something about that day. Yes, sir. That's right. that that things can happen in our outside being that we can be overtaken by a devil and still be still be born again. Why did why did um the Bible even tells, you know, to turn somebody over to the devil, right? So that their soul can be saved. Is that what it say? Well, that must be somebody up here. That ain't somebody down here. That's somebody that's already in the body of Christ. That's what I mean. Look now, I can take this right here and I'm not so much in law now. I have grace for everybody. Even if somebody's wrong, even if somebody wrongs me or even if I see somebody wrong somebody else, I know it's the devil, it's not that person, right? Okay. That's right. So, don't count everybody out that we're trying to count out. Okay? It's not us to do the separating. It's God to do the separating. That's right. Right. Everybody okay? Amen. Amen. All right. Now, let's look and see just for a minute. Let's stop right here because in these trials of life, this is a real journey. But now, what's God going to do is he begins something that they really didn't see u much. I don't think what I was talking about down. I hope they don't hear this. But it's hard to see because brother Ram comes in and he he talks about a a white horse rider and then a red horse rider, right? And then a black and then a pair. Okay. And we want to take this and and brother Random does, but I believe this is a mystery that that's hid to a lot of people is that we don't get what brother Random was talking about when he was talking about the white horse rider. Now, you got to go back and look in the message and see that the seals does not glorify the devil. Right. The seals glorify Jesus Christ. In other words, brings him out in the open. Expose the devil for sure. But how do you expose the devil? You bring Jesus Christ out on the sand. Listen, right? Here's your key. Power was given to that white horse rider. Right. Read your Bible. We're not going to read it time. Power was given to the red horse rider. Right. Right. Power was given. Now, let's go and flip this thing around because brother Brandham said God always does something and then the devil comes and copies it. Right. We always want to stay on the seals and go, "What? What? What's wrong with the Antichrist?" Well, guess what? in your journey. The first thing God does, you know, he shows you that you're righteous. Right. You are what? We know this is false. That's right. But God has to do something first. Amen. Before the devil can imitate coming behind, right? So that so God rides out. He rode out in that first church age. God rode first. He come on the day of Pentecost. Then the devil come down. Right. Right. Are we going to give the devil all the glory? No. Because when you come to right here, this is what I see for me. God shows begins to show me his righteousness, but it's blending into what I'm doing. Makes me righteous. shows me that that that white horse rider, remember, rode away. Why? He couldn't stand where he was at. Right. He was riding away. He wasn't riding toward. He was riding away from that lamb. Right here, people. The lamb comes on the throne right there. Right. Lamb comes on the throne at your new birth. Gives you the Holy Ghost and he sits down on that throne. Then what happens? That's what happens in the virtues. All these bad guys start riding off. But who's on the scene first, right? God. God shows you that you're just as righteous as he is. That's the second mystery of justification down here. You know you're a sinner, right? Nobody has to tell you that. You know that. That's right. But when you be become born again, God starts revealing his righteousness to you. That's right. Okay. Red horse. And what happened when that red horse rode out? He killed people, right? That's why the horse was red. Right. And what does he do? What sanctifies you? What color is blood? So this can show you that the blood of Jesus Christ comes and sanctifies you and then there goes that red horse rider right away. You got to see him going away from you. It doesn't do you any good to see him going away from the prophet. You're back down here again. Right. Amen. Amen. But let's take the seals and and let's make them cuz people read the seals. The white horse rider was the antichrist, red horse rider with the antichrist, black horse, antichrist. I agree 100%. But you got to see these going away from you. So seeing them going away from you, you got to see that God's doing something to make them ride away from you. Right. Is everybody okay? Right. We'll stop in a minute. and then we'll go up higher later on this afternoon. Brother Joe, just put part two on this afternoon cuz we won't get to the other one we're going to do. Okay, but that's okay. I hope this is helping somebody. Amen. Amen. Because brother, you got to see that white horse right away from you. But you got to see that is a devil trying to trick you. But you still got to see once you're in the economy of God, he's obligated. If you'll do what he says, he's obligated to make you white. Amen. That's right. I'm talking about working out through this other guy. The one your mom and daddy gave you. Right. Right. Right. Red is what? Blood. What did Brother Rom say? Jesus's blood dropped on the earth and done what? Sanctified it. That's why we have to come to this degree right here and see that it's the blood of Jesus Christ, not the blood of a man. Amen. But God, Jesus was not just divine. He was almighty God. From blood all the way Yes, sir. to the hair on the top of your head. If that wasn't the blood of God that died for me and you, then we need somebody else. Right. Now, what does black represent? Death. We name that sucker now. He's death. When you come to here, he's dead. Right. We're all dead. When you come to right here, we're all dead. Right. Cuz the old man's dying, I die daily. But see, brother Ram said that's why he said you come up here and you don't have the Holy Spirit yet. That's true. But he says in the true baptism. Now you say, well that's from false that this was a false baptism. No, that was just more of what he already said. But there's more of this. And he said little waves, right, running down the Holy Spirit coming down through Christ. Holy Spirit. Christ is doing what? He's killing us. Cuz right here, you're going to see Christ, not yourself. That's right. If you still see yourself right here, right? Amen. Come on, people. Look like a mess. I hope you understand. You want to see what was up here before I wrote that downstairs? We've been going through Daniel 70 weeks, and it looked pretty messy, too. But you know what? Every time there's a birth, there's a mess. Right. Right. That's right. Water, blood, and life. I hope this gives life to somebody or it'll help you a little bit. Amen. But we see now that you say, "Well, you got one more because remember, you got four death messengers, which are these guys, but you got to have four life messengers, right? To bring it back, but you say you got four. You said you perfect were perfected in three." What is this right here? What is that? Y if you take white, red and black and mix them all together, you get pale. Take it sometime. Take white and red and black, mix it up in a paint can, what do you get? Pale. So justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost makes way for what? The Holy Ghost himself. All this mixed in together brings one man. Right? Then you can take it and you can show how the lion and we'll do that this afternoon, but we'll stop now because remember, you got a lion, an ox, a man, and an eagle, right? Can't forget those four guys, but they're the ones that kill all this, we'll talk about that this afternoon. Listen, magicians, come. We'll just stop right there. That way we'll have will be okay for this afternoon. Everybody all right? This may be cut and dried, but you know what? I'm a teacher and I can't help it. I can't make you I can give you some ice cubes if you want something to go up down your spine, but it wouldn't be God. It'd be me. [Music] We're not established on this word of God. People, we will be deceived. Call it whatever you want to call it. We will be deceived if we are not walking in the word of God. Amen. And let me tell you something again, people. If you can't see your life, brother, if you can't see your life in that journey, please don't leave this building. Don't go to sleep. Don't eat another bite until you realize, Amen. that God's doing that right there. Because you know what? That's the truth, people. I believe that's the truth. I believe God's told you exactly how he's going to bring you right up through that. Not just say justification. I mean, not just say faith, virtue, knowledge. That's what's all in that. Amen. That's right. But it's in a little different way that you can see how God is working on you by just three three things. Justification, sanctification, and you know what? When he brings the headstone, he's going to bring you through justification. Sanctification and the baptism of the Holy Spirit. And that'll be the culmination. And he will sit that thing right down on top of you. And like brother Brown said, let me read this one statue of a perfect man. Now that is the house that God dwells in. Not a building with a big bell on top of it and a high steeple. But a body hast thou prepared me? A body that God can dwell in, God can walk in, God can see in, God can talk in, God can work in. Amen. living instrumentality of God. God walking on two feet in you. Glory. The footstep of the righteous is ordered of God. God walking in you. For you are written epistles read of all men. And if the life that's in Christ be in you, you'll bear the life that Christ bore. We're going to see this afternoon that we know that when we started on that journey, the real you did what you did. Mhm. Then we're going to see that it was as if you never done it because you know you did it, but you went through this journey and God is is is taking all that out of you. But you're going to have to come to a place to realize. Let me give you a little let me give you a point to ponder until afternoon. When Jesus was in the garden, Peter was standing beside of him. the temple guards come to get him. Right? It wasn't the Romans. It was the temple guards cuz he said, "Why didn't you come get me now? Why didn't you arrest me when I was in the temple?" So, it was the temple guards that was coming to come to get him. Remember, one guy reaches to get Jesus and Peter pulls a sword, cuts the ear, right? What does Jesus do? He reaches down, he restores the ear as if it never happened. Cuz I don't believe there was blood all over that man. When he restored, what he done? He picked that ear up and he showed that me and you. Amen. When God touches us, he don't restore us to where there's still blood on that man's clothes. I believe he restored that man back to before his ear was cut off. That's right. I know it depicts it in all the other that's the only way they can depict it in place. But why would you think God could pick up an ear, put it back on, there still be blood all over the man? I don't believe that. But the temple guard saw it. Peter saw it. The crowd saw it. But when that man went back to tell his story, nobody saw it. Amen. It was as if he never done it. That's right. That's where you got to see people that God put me in you. He took pieces and when he touches you, he don't leave you halfway. He takes care of every bit of it. Let's sing a song. We'll talk about it this afternoon. 37. Have I own [Music] A heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. I don't know. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] That's a very fitting song. It is because a lot of times and and we'll kind of cover it this afternoon. It's it's it's in my notes to cover this morning, but I kept it till this afternoon. It's a fight. This is not a picnic. A battle. And it's a battle that you and I can't fight. That's right. If you just turn it over to God, that's our problem. That's my problem. My problem is I try to fight my own battles. Brother Richard, that's the truth. I mean, I'm I'm being just as honest as I can be. I try to fight my own battles and I lose a lot of them. But if we'll quit fighting and let God do the fighting for us. You say, "How?" to strengthen brethren through strengthen the word to strengthen listening. You know, brother Brandham made a profound statement. He said, "If you're stinging, give your money away." He said, "Just do the vice versa." Now, that's a prophet telling you. You know, somebody asked him said, "Bro, what do you do if you stand you?" He said, "Start giving money away." He said, "If you're backwards toward people," he said, "Start doing the vice versa. Just start being happy." And you know, he didn't go to the word. He didn't go to here. He didn't, you know, but I believe that comes from heaven. Just do the vice versa. Mhm. You know, if you're stubborn [Music] stubborn, just start giving in. Start giving in. Right. Start saying, "Okay, all right." I'm telling you what the prophet said. He said to do the vice versa. You know that's the truth because you get up in the morning, you say, "Well, I don't want to go to church. I don't want to do this." Go. Cuz who's telling you that? Is it God telling you not to go? I don't think so. I've come to the conclusion the devil's a liar. Amen. And he can't do anything but lie. Even when he tells the truth, he's lying. Cuz he told Jesus, he did the same thing. You know, he took Jesus on the mountain and on the temple and said he quoted the scripture to him. But he quoted it in the wrong time, in the wrong place. In other words, he told him what the word said. It's like daddy said the other night, "Brother Brown," you can take him back and said, "Brother Brown, you said this verbatim right here." And he said, "Oh, I didn't say that. Jesus Christ said one time, baptized in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." Right. And they'll quote you that and they'll say, "That's what Jesus said." That's right. But that ain't what Jesus said. That's right. That's right. Right. That's right. So, you know, so was it then, so is it now? If you don't have the Holy Spirit, the devil's doing anything. Let's say we're standing on holy ground. I believe we are. Hallelujah. We walk on this earth. We're just like Abraham. We have a possession. We're going to rule this earth. Yes, we are [Music] a holy Christ. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Come on. Go. Take that hand and lay it over on somebody. Reach and touch somebody up here. Will you please just have it on my heart? Somebody's sick. Somebody needs healing. Somebody needs a touch from God. I don't care what it is. Reach over and put your hand on somebody and bow your head. Dear heavenly father, thank you. You've impressed us to do this for some reason. Lord, I pray father that whatever it is that you'll show fruit because Lord something you told me to do Lord just now. And I pray, Father, that you'll touch each one from the musicians behind, Lord, all the way from downstairs, wherever somebody's standing, Lord, that there truly are angels standing here ready to minister healing, ready to bring that burning coal off the fire and touch our lips, Lord. And as Isaiah screamed, I am of unclean lips. But that angel came down and put it on his lips and said, "Prophesy. Preach. Tell the world about this great gospel that we have a hold of." Father, as we lay hands on each other, that angels will touch, Lord, and minister to each person. Father, forgive us of our sins and our mistakes, Lord, the things that we do wrong. We ask your forgiveness, Lord. Take us all up to that statue of a perfect man. Lord, if we're not filled with the Holy Ghost, Lord, fill us complete, Lord. Justify us, Lord. Sanctify us. Clean us up. Wash us by the water of your word, Lord. Be with each one, Father. We're all getting old, Lord. We all need you more for the things than we do each day. I pray now, Lord, that you touch each person in this building. Open the eyes of the ones that can't see, the ears of the ones that can't hear naturally and spiritually. Lord, as a surge goes through the building, Father, may you heal each one. Mold us and make us into what you want us to be, Lord. Till we come back this afternoon, Lord, may we live under this shower of blessing, Lord, as you give us. Give us our daily bread, Lord. forgive us of our trespass in Jesus name we ask. Amen. Go all around your want to go. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
