################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2013-01-04 - 11-1023am - The Place of Ascending Up To - Jewel Forney - Jewel Forney.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date: 2011-10-23
Title:   11-1023am - The Place of Ascending Up To - Jewel Forney
Speaker: Jewel Forney
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7uMX-qJxTU
========================================

Oh, [Music] heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh my god. [Music] Amen. [Music] Well, it's not real today. We just invite you to sit down and listen to somebody that tell us how real he is. And we had a wonderful time yesterday down gathered together and had plenty to eat and plenty of time together and fellowshipping and we have enough now to feed everybody in the church. So, you don't have to go get you nothing to eat today. That's right. There was enough left over to where we can have fish and chili and hot dogs and things. So, don't go nowhere. We've got everything downstairs to feed everybody, visitors and all. We got two visitors back there with us. And we always say when you come here, one time you're visitor, two times you're part of us. So, we welcome you the first time from then on you just part of us. Amen. But we we're glad to have all of you together. Enjoyed it. But I guess it was 80 or 90 yesterday together that we had just a wonderful time and doing and like I say now we want everybody to eat and all cuz we we got plenty to eat and we need to eat up the fish. You know if you love fish then we got plenty of it. Amen. But we appreciate brother Forny. We had a good time. Amen. You know hunting and talking and just fellowshipping and stuff like that. And we got a brother for and Zach and myself we got a deer a piece. So that turned out pretty good. So we appreciate it. Amen. But let's just sing open the eyes of my heart as brother Joel Forny. Most of you don't need no introduction to him. You know how he preaches and what he is. So just pray that the Lord would open our eyes that we may hear the word of the Lord. And let's sing it unto him. Open the eyes of my heart. [Applause] Open. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Holy, holy, holy. Hallelujah. Praise God. This is the revelation of that one. I want to see you. And I looked at that word. I said, "Only way we can see God now, you have to look at him in his skin." You can't see God nowhere outside behind skin. You put him somewhere else outside behind the skin. you to miss the revelation and opening of the word sir. So we thank God for his grace and mercy this morning. I want to say thanks brother Sam for inviting us down to deer hunt and fellowship. Appreciate him opening up his home and we appreciate the fellowship yesterday. You know I was tired but I couldn't do enough to eat and sleep. So we but still we had a good time. Amen. Just good to see y'all. And I just want to say this morning, you know, my style. I'm just one of kind of preachers. It's God just kind of show me things. I'm an inspirational preacher. So when I preach the majority of times I God inspire me, then I just preach. That just that just every man be different. That's right. I tried to talk brother Sam into preaching this morning cuz good preaching. He said, "No." He said, "I'm going to I'm not going to do it." I said, "Man, so praise God. I just I just love y'all. We just I appreciate you. Uh my family, my wife, and brother Tim sends his greetings. So, we just thank the Lord this morning. I'm going to go to two places in the scripture this morning. I want to read I just maybe just read one place then I follow over to the next scripture after we pray and be seated. But I want to read from the book of Exodus the 24th chapter this morning. The book of Exodus, the 24th chapter. The book of Exodus, the 24th chapter. And I'm going to read from verse 15 down through 18. And it read like this. And Moses went up into the mount, and a cloud covered the mount, and the glory of the Lord the glory of the Lord above upon the mount Zi, and the And the cloud cover it six days. Y and the seventh day he called unto Moses out of the midst of the cloud, right? And the sight of the glory of the Lord was like a divine divine fire on on the top of the mount and in the eyes of the childrens of Israel. And Moses went into the midst of the what? And n him up into the into the mount. And Moses was in the mount 40 days and 40 nights. Let's pray. Our gracious Father, help me one more time to yield my body. That's right. And my mind, God, help me to surrender my mind to you, God. Yes, Lord. Father, I trust God that you speak through my lips, Lord. Help me, Lord, to completely uh uh get myself out of the way, Lord. Now, Father, I trust that you do the peoples likewise. Help them to submit themselves to the will of God and to the spirit of truth. Father, now Father God, we ask you God to bless the service this morning that your word help the total preeminence. We ask you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Thank the Lord for the reading of the word of God this morning. I I thank the Lord for reading of his word this morning. Amen. And I ain't temporary. We run here. I want to uh take for a title this morning before I start. I want to talk on the place of ascending up to. Amen. Okay. The place of ascending up to. And I want to uh begin to we want to talk on a a sending up. Amen. And I as I begin to look here that we read the scripture, Moses went into the mountain and Moses was there. And the mountain, the Bible say he was up into the into the mountain for 40 days and 40 nights. That's right. Hallelujah. He had a place that he ascended to. That's right. And I want to tell you because we realize here that's what we come to. And when we come to a revelation this hour, this revelation is the right now as you s God have called you not to descend. He'll call you to ascend up. This is a rapture message. Amen. And I'm going to begin to read. I want to read my second scripture I was going to look at was Isaiah. The book of Isaiah the 14th chapter. The book of Isaiah the 14th chapter. That's right. And I want to read I'm going to begin reading at verse 12. And and we want to look here that we want to see here what Satan desires, right? Uh Isaiah the 14th chapter verse 12. And it says, "How falling from heaven, oh Lucifer, the son of the morning, right? How thou cut down to to the ground which did weaken the nation. For thou has said in thy heart, Yep. I will I want you to notice this. I will right ascend and ascend into the heavens. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. Right? I will set also up on the mouth of the congregation in the sides of the north. Right? I will. If you notice here, he is claiming his will to ascend. Right? Hallelujah. He had no position because we realized when God cast him down, he put him on the ground. Exactly. And his job was, I will ascend up. Yep. Right. I will ascend up above the heights of the clouds. I will be like the most high. So Satan is declaring his a send it up and he begin to realize he is claiming a place of sending up. I will ascend into the heavens. I will exalt my uh throne above the stars of the sons of God and I will set also on the mouth of the congregation in the sides of the north. I will be like the most high. And I begin to look here and I took that word here and I and I looked it up. He he and that word to send is to it means to elevate up high. That's right. It is exalted. It's the most high. It's the supreme being. Uh it's the supreme being. It's the true God. In other words, Satan is declaring, "I will ascend, I will exalt my mouth. Uh I will exalt myself above the supreme being, God." That's right. And then what his job is? His job is to try. His job is to take the position that did not even belong to him. Right. Amen. I begin to look here. I begin to realize here that I begin to look at these things and I realize that Satan job is he won't rule Mhm. or be above God. Exactly. And he's want this position. Yep. Right. Right. But the the one I'm here, he says, I will exalt my throne above the heights of the clouds. And I begin to think on them things. I said, "Why would he want to uh exalt himself above the heights of the cloud?" Hallelujah. Because we realize here that Satan knows how what God dwells there. Hallelujah. Satan know every time a cloud was manifested, God was on earth. Hallelujah. Satan know that position. Hallelujah. If you notice here, he said under the sixth day, honey, under the sixth day, God's motive was called in the cloud. On the seventh day, God spoke to him. Hallelujah. So, we realize here this is not hour that God just appear. This is the hour that God is speaking. Hallelujah. So, if you notice here on the seventh day, God spoke to him. Hallelujah. If you notice here, they they was talking in mount transfiguration. I knew they was talking about mount transfiguration. And I did the same day that I did God. He was Jesus went up a force spoke out of the cloud. Amen. Exactly what I be to take another look at the cloud. I kind of was when I touched this I kind of was teaching a little bit. Every now and then I get anointed to do that. So you know I do get anointed sometime to do that. So I did that. I start I said I said let's just look at these things here because we want to examine this real scripture. Why was Satan's motive to do what he was doing? Right? His motive was his motive was in itself. His desire was I will be the supreme being. Right. That's right. And I look here and he I fall in from heaven on Lucifer the son of the morning. How I cut down to the ground. That's your position. Quiet. What did we the nation? For I have said in our heart, I will ascend into heaven. I want that position. I will exalt myself above the stars of God. I will also be up on the side of the congregation of the congregation in the side of the north. I will ascend above the heights of the cloud. I want to be above the cloud. Right. Right. I begin to look here. I say, "Oh my god, we need to examine this here. Why would Lucifer have a desire to get this position?" How did I begin to look at her? So I begin to study this here because we got to realize here that Satan when Satan moved in this position, he had to have a motive behind him. Hallelujah. He was just not quoted. He was just not He was just not speaking words. He had a position to be above the clouds. Oh yeah. I began to realize here. So I begin to think on this thing here. So I begin to look into it. Hallelujah. So Paul in that where and we notice here Paul we realize Moses himself every exodus had a cloud right now every exodus a cloud was manifested in the time of the exodus because when cloud was on earth God was getting ready to speak so we be born when the seal was open what happened a cloud had to form itself but it was not a sign of silence it was a sign that God was going to speak so we begin to realize So we begin to go here and I looked it up in here and I looked it up in 1 Corinthians uh and uh 1 Corinthians 10 and verse one and two. You can write it down and Paul speaking here. I want you to notice here where Paul spoke in 1 Corinthians uh verse uh the 10th chapter verse 1 and two. Watch how Paul started this. I mean Paul said brother he said moreover brother I will not have you that ye shall be in me. Exactly. that they entered how that our fathers were under the curve. Honey, they was under the cloud and all passed through the the Red Sea, right? And we're all baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the Red Sea. How was the first Exodus? If you notice here, he in other words here, he said, "How that all was baptized under the cloud and the Red Sea, right? Right. Amen. Then I took it. I took it here and they begin to realize here. So it was a it was the end of this time and a cloud was leading them out. He said, "I will not take this cloud from you. I cloud will follow you all the way to the all the way to your promised land." So we begin I begin to look here and I begin to realize here. So a cloud. So then we find that was the first Exodus. How did they come out under the cloud? Right. And I looked into the second exodus. Right. Right. And the second you find it again, there's another emptiness here. So the cloud can never be tuck away. Because every time the emptiness come to be a cloud because God going to speak from the cloud, it should be begin to look good. The second act was in St. Matthew 17. Yep. Right. Captain, I look at here another crown experience. Right. And the and I want to read the fifth verse and it says yet he spoke a bright light a bright cloud excuse me a as he spoke a bright cloud right and overshadowed them and behold a voice Amen sing a voice that's right brother he said behold a voice out of the cloud which which said just as My beloved son and to whom I am well pleased here in him. Hallel sure there was a voice in the cloud. Hallelujah. That was the that was the second that was the second coming out. They were still under the cloud. Right. The last and the third where we are right now. So God started off with a in the first and the first it was associating itself with a cow. Lucifer wanted this position. Hallelujah. In other words, if the first activist and the second emptiness had a cloud, the third activist must be associated with a cloud. That's right. So, I found it again. And I want you to notice this here. I tell first Corinthians uh 102. And Paul repeats the same thing twice. Yeah. And he says at the beginning of I will help you. I will not that ye should be in you. Right. Right. Then he goes to the uh the third Exodus. Paul quoted it again. Paul said it again the same word. But I would not. That's 1 Thessalonians 4 verse 13. Right. He said, "But I would not have they to be in it, right? Concerning them which are asleep." Amen. That they shall sorrow not even as others which have no hope. That word hope does not mean, hallelujah, I hope that God coming. I hope I'm going to be changed. That word when you break it down, that word hope means expectation. I would not have you to be in. I would not have you. I would not have you which have no hope, no expectation. The world ain't looking for this. Amen. That's right. Hallelujah. But people that look is under expectation. Hallelujah. For a change of the body. Amen. That's right. Yes, sir. Then in the 17th verse, what I want to put put your emphasis on this crowd right here. in the 17th verse 8 for we which are alive and remain right shall be called up exodus we moving into the rapture so that something got to take place on earth we moving into another dispensation the changing of the body that we with the latter remain shall not shall be called up together with them in the clouds in the cloud to meet the Lord in the airmen Amen. So shall we be with the Lord. Hallelujah. I believe forever and ever and ever. Hallelujah. That one in that position because he know when God sent a cloud. Right. Right. Okay. It's over. Amen. He know that this is the last age. So if you notice when the cloud appeared under when he came back on the on the sunset mountain and the cloud came down, what did Satan do? Immediately he tore the pin off him. Right. Amen. He know that this is the hour for the change. That's why your battles are harder now than it was 20 years ago. He know right now when the government he the devil knew when this crowd appeared. He knew that it's time for exodus and his job hand the third activist. Right? He knew when he was getting ready to be changed. So now his technique got to change because he know he trying to hold position. Right. He's trying to hold position. And another place I'm going to look at, he said he also uh he wanted a position that was not his. That's right. That has been his whole desire. He wanted a position to him that's not his. That's his whole motive for he's quoting in Isaiah 14. Isaiah 12 and verse 14. That was his whole motive was he want to gain this position of his power. He want to rule God and man, right? How you know he want to rule God? Because when he came in Matthew 4, what did he tell Jesus? If you p out and what you mean. He was wanting the position that Christ had. So he was trying to get Christ to get him the power to go into it. Exactly. So we begin to I'm going to get your Bible. I'm going to hold this scripture for me. Uh uh I'm going to uh uh excuse me. Psalms 48:2. Just hold that real quick. In other words, but he wanted his position. And the position he wanted, he wanted to be above the heights of the cloud. And he wanted the size of the north. Amen. Right. He had a reason for wanting that side over there. Oh yeah. He did not come to his mind and he just quoted out of out of context. When he quoted, he was wanting his position. Why you the son of the north? Right. Exactly. And brother way, read that real quick. Let's read verse one. Yeah. Read. Go. Read verse one. Great is the Lord and greatly to be praised in the city of our God in the mountain of his holiness. Beautiful for situation. The joy of the whole earth is Mount Zion on the sides of the north. The city of the great king. He did not make a mistake with his position. He know where he was. He know where God dwell in. Hallelujah. Go himself and the two of brother. He will come now and fight against us. How do he know that position right there? How do he know where God dwell in the sides of the north, the city of the great king? And because he's here, he going to exile himself back to that position. How many show? How's he going to do it? He got to do it. How's he going to hold his position? How he's going to hold his position? That's the question right here. How is Satan going to hold his position? Right. Right. I want to read a here it was here. He wanted to rule. He also he wanted the place of God dwell in. And in other words, he wanted the sons of God position. I'm going to exalt myself above the sons of God. Hallelujah. In other words, how would I do this? Right? That's the question. How is he going to exalt himself above the sons of God? The only way that Satan ever exalt himself above the sons of God, he got to keep us under the gloom of worshiping him. Exactly. Hallelujah. He keep us in captivity. Hallelujah. Or keeping us under the gloom of worshiping him. He have exalted himself above the son of God. And I took a quote from the message of Christ the mystery of God revealed. I'm going to read you a real quote real quick. And he says, "Watch how he held the churches, how he held the people back from the presence of God." He had a motive in what he was doing. How do you know? Because opposition in Christ is opposition when the cloud come is the bride is to be lifted up into a rapture. Hallelujah. So we find in the feast of the trumpet and page 39. He said at the same time as soon as as soon as soon as this church the bride is drawn together right she will be taken up in the mystery of the seven seal or the seven seal the mystery a going. So he's putting it he linking it to the revelation when the seven seals mission come on earth and he embraced the revelation to the bride and the bride is already start the rapture don't start just 20 year way back here when you hear the message and they call your name you already start a s you already starting the rapture shall begin to go there so his job is the whole y the god reveal. He got to find a way to keep the sons of God from gaining their position back because God put us in a he called us to a rapture position and the rapture position in his head is heavenly places in Christ Jes. We've been living below privileges. We still think we still living earthly, but we ought to be starting to change heavenly way. So he then he he taxed the people and he taxed them this way under this he was using the trinitarian. He said therefore if any trinity we just let you loose a minute just he just just let yourself loose. Basically what he said he you just let yourself loose. Amen. You can see that father son and holy ghost is the three gods. There are three attributes of the same God. In other words, every man will try to bring you back and bring you in bondage by start breaking God up. Hallel make him two and three instead of one. Hallelujah. So the same God and three attributes. And is his expression he was he was wanted to be a father. He wanted to be a son. He wanted to be the Holy Ghost. The father, the and the father and the son and the holy ghost is the same self spirit. Single, not plural. And do not do now. You see this? You get it? You get it? Now, now three gods, not three gods. The devil told you told you them things to make an idolatry out of you. What was he doing? He was stopping the peoples from just ascending up by making them into idolatry. Right. As long as you on the earth, as long as you stay in this realm, Satan got a hold on you. Exactly. That's right. Satan got a hold on you. He knows that. So what he knew, he had to that was that they would repand quote that. I just say maybe he was speaking to a lot of Pentecostals and a lot of Pentecostal didn't understand what was going on. But we got to ascend up because Satan know if I can keep the people down here in this realm I need. But he don't fight the people in this realm right here. He don't fight us with trinitary doctors. He fight us against the power that God is the same. He he know if the people get the same revelation of the same God as the earth and what 2,000 years ago and he can do the greater work. He's not crazy. How do he know we ever get the same revelation? He know something going to take place. How he know something going to take place. So when it is good, you said, "Brother, we've been around this message a long time. I've been around for years, 30 years by God grace." And I'm going to tell you what, it's time for something to take place. How kind of living this living? But Satan know if they can get the people away from the power of God. Right. That's right. See people took message and they broke down all they took message and took the power out of it. Right. So now they got to tell people if the word enter the word in the word in the worship if if there if there's word if that's word that power to follow this message how there's a power mark 16 a promise of God how to follow this message right amen but Satan says here so now we're talking message terminology see the way he tack the message people he holds page Christ the god reveal page 34 four he said he said if a man says he's born again in other words if a man says he's born again he is saying I am called up in the mystery of the seventh seal because that is the pray that is the revelation of your new birth for this day when you recognize this message being eagle fool you are called up tell you if a man says he's born again and tried to place the promise of Christ in the last day to Somebody making the price yesterday. Everybody you go around the message of 5 years ago and still people trapped in yesterday revelation. How some people I believe that that didn't was a lap over they just didn't turn the corner and they still trapped in yesterday revelation. Hallelujah. But yesterday man won't work for today. Hallelujah. Because we are not leading. We not we are not on the man of the church. We on the old corn that same accord and fell in the beginning and back again. the grave that they done come through the castle and shack in the sea again. It's not your time. That's right. That's right, brother. Hallelujah. You're making him Christ yesterday but not today. That man or that person has been in a delusion. Right. That's right. How worthy to in a delusion. Yes, sir. You never had a delusion. Anybody ever had a a delusion? I have had one before. About years ago, I had a delusion during a purple micro dot. I don't know if some of you might know what it is, but I did. I had a delusion. And when I was when I was on this thing right here on the purple mic of God, I knew every person that I had died that I know. I would look at the wall and they start appearing on the wall. That's a delusion. Yeah. I'm about to freak out, man. Cuz people that I knew they had died and I'm looking at this wall and all of a sudden that person begin to materialize. I said, "What it was?" It was I had broken into the dimension of the region of the law because people most of them were drug addicted like I was when I broke down se I'm living the wall and the people facing appear on the wall man I'm about to go out of my mind and Satan keep you turn the corner get your get you looking at the flesh of real grate Glory. He trying to get the people to look to the word. Did not come to lift himself up because would lift himself up. He would have had to take the place of God. I didn't know why he said I had to I had to decrease so Christ can increase. What is the word? The Bible become a new book. That's right. I'm trying to make you living in the boom. Right. Yeah. He said he said that person there and he said then that man or that person has been in an illusion by Satan. Yep. And if that man says that he believe that and it does not manifest itself through him, right? Jesus said in Mark 16, he said follow them that believe into all the world. Oh my to every edge casting out devils. Not so much you have to lay hands on him but every time you preach truth you casting out devil. Because realize as you cutting the sin up a sin up your revelation and bringing the devil down. Amen. Hallelujah. We in the age we're in the age of finding out who we are. So I begin to realize here in this message is only it ain't one way this message ain't one way for this message here. This message is not to be going backwards, right? You don't start up here, brother C and fall back to faith. Honey, that is the wrong revelation. How if you notice the pyramid is turning you to a countdown and at the end of the day going to be a blasto going realize. So are you beginning to realize how we going to be called up in this message? How we going to be ascending? How we going to ascend up? Hallelujah. How is we going to get to that place? I understand. See what it is people we got to realize that the message itself is not just a book is a faith and a revelation. How do you know why he said the rapture is a revelation? How many people say well brother Joe I got saved? How do I believe God? How many know you hold on to your revelation or your confession you saved? Right. Come on. Exactly. It's just that simple. How many of the time people just only save for week to week just like a paycheck. And when you ain't paid you ain't save. We get paid. Hallelujah. But there it is. How we going to get in this real? How we going to get to the place of ascending up to? Hallelujah. We begin to realize here in the silver book on page the old se on page 128. He begin to explain that. He said there is coming seven mysterious thunders. That what those the people are. That's right, brother. Amen. That word right there. Seven mysterious thunders. Yeah. Those the people are. Yeah. Because now men have got a clue that they can tap into this and take the position of God that leaves that open door for impersonation because before the way that there seven mysterious thunder when he did the men begin to realize I'm the one I'm one of them. I'm the one to take the book and do this. I'm the one to do that. What he did left a little open for impersonation. Right. Exactly. He come and sell mysterious thunder that's not even written at all. Right. I was looking at this a while back. The Holy Spirit inspired me. I went back and checked with the message. What was not written? Yeah. When we realized it was John was writing the book and he came to the thunders and he said, "Sill up those seven thunders not." Right? Write those not even write a jerk. Right. What did he reveal? He did not reveal the vessel, right? He did not tell who the vessel was, but he gave one clue in the day of the voice of the seven angels. When he shall begin to sound, my sea went wrong on earth. That was a spiritual side of the people. He didn't reveal a vessel, right? Neither did he reveal John the Baptist. All they had the voice of one crying in the wilderness. They read that over and over, but he didn't say this is John. No, because the devil would have got really went on the wrong place. He would impersonate this man. He would not need no impersonation. But when John walked that day and he declared the scripture for his day, I am the voice of one cry in the wilderness. That was the thunder. Amen. Blessing. Hallelujah. He says, not even written at all. That's right. And I believe that through those seven thunders will be revealed in the last day in order to gather the bride together for rapture. Rapturion faith. Amen. Exactly. What we ain't You say, "Brother Julie, I I I need it. I I got to have it." You You keep laying in the word is in you. Right. Right. How do you Don't try to be come mysterious. Just let the word run it. Say amen to every word of God. How do you praise God for what he does? And that word that's on the inside of you. As you lay in the word, you become the word. Hallelujah. As you eat the book, you become the He what we got now, right now, it won't do it. It won't be able to do it. But there is something that has got to step forward, right? For we cannot even have faith for divine healing. We have not got we got to have faith enough to be changed in a moment to the to be swept up out of this earth. So he said what we got right now. He said we're not doing it. He said but we got to have faith to be swept off of this earth. Hallelujah. Anyway, there going to be something to come for to put a faith in you. And only way you can have perfect faith, you got to have perfect word. Honey, because you cannot look at nothing else but God word. And if God li he's not God show you another word. So we couldn't really hold on to the word of God because there's so many services, so many denominations, so many ideas inject it into the message. I say injected into the message. You know why they get them false? Because they cannot produce it in the Bible. If you don't say what the Bible say, then you need to get rid of your revelation. Yeah. If you cannot prove that Jesus Christ is the same from Genesis to revelation, you have got the wrong revelation. This message is not proven or this message is not just a quote. That's right. This message is a Bible and become a new book. That's right. Amen. Got that. That's all you know. And that's what we did. But Satan knows I would exalt myself above the stars of God. In other words, so Satan job is to exalt himself himself. I will I will I will be like God. And the people on earth, they going to praise me like God. Every time you see him, how you feel? But I'm still sick. Wy. Hallelujah. Brother Sam, I'm blame. I'm going to die. The devil said keep on praising me. Hallelujah. You won't give up in the name of how you talk about how dirty, how low down, how sick you are. How no good you are. How you just keep saying the word. How you speaking the devil language. Oh, I'm not going to be healed. I I didn't believe God so long. It ain't nothing happen. You are talking the devil language. Honey, you are getting you are giving the devil to take the place of God. Honey, you are say I believe my mind is leaving me. I don't know. I'm going to clean. You are talking the devil ain't but if you say by his strength by his word I am he sent his word and his word heal me. Hallelujah. Send his word and his word heal me. So we at we at the end right here. This is not a time. It's a time that we got to come to send up. And the cond I mean ascending up does not start hallelujah years away. But when you come into the message the first thing you got to start condescending you got to start taking control of your own emotion. Right. Come on. Right. The biggest people bless is in this and Satan job is to hold you earthbound. Right. His job is to hold you earthbound. As long as he got you earthbound. How about he say a message like this? He said the peoples of God are not mature minded. He said they are spiritual minded. And the reason he said there's nothing wrong with God blessing you. People preach that out in the message too. Well, we got to let Jehovah so broke. I don't want I'm selling this poor broke Jehovah. I don't need some God. Ain't God wy. I be I be he bankrupt. No, he ain't bankrupt. You just face rough. Even God a had no children that God ain't provided for. Honey, when they when they went down to Egypt, hallelujah, Jacob was back there and they had cut off the supply and all there a famine in the land. But I want to let you know, why did Jacob have all that money? And God took it. Hallelujah. We we we serve God. Oh man, I'm so humble. God can bless me with a Chevrolet. [Music] If you want to be with a for that's up to you. I leave that alone. I leave that. I preach that in one church. Everybody in the whole church for I said it. They went flat. Brother said, "Bro, don't never speak for every man." But you know I said but I got great I got one guy I preach Hallelujah. I said I drive a Chevrolet. He said well I drive a Ram. I said well I tell you what brother I said I'll let you know right now Chevrolet mean grace. He let you know that ram mean created power because when Abraham need a ram God I get I get with you know he'll be with God. He got we got to take our position. Satan knows. That's it. Why you think brother make that statement so blank in the church page 1650? Satan knows right. Yep. If the people ever get this revelation of the two spirits working in the framework of the Christian church and withstanded by God's spirit brother that he would become her in she would become an invisible army. That word mean unconquerable once you realize the words of Satan and we did not realize the words of Satan in the church. But when the seals out there and showed you the white Amen. Exactly. He never quit from there. He just showed you to somebody that he was still doing the same way. And you look at the seals it ought to reveal him what he doing because the devil did not change his ministry and then he knew God change his ministry. Right. Glory. Right. Blessing. ministry in the last day that Satan would always exalt your flesh. Right. God would always exalt the word. Hallelujah. I love saying the other day, it ain't about flesh. It's about the word. How about David say, "Lord, I hid the word in my heart." The word was not the word was still there. Satan had kept control of the flesh, but he never got control of the word. And Peter, Satan took control of his flesh, but he said, "Peter, I pray for your faith." That's right. Hallelujah. We all done made mistakes. Hallelujah. In other words, we all done made mistakes. But the point of it, we got to realize here his his position is to exalt himself above above the stars of God to hold us on earth. Right. That's it. And I was looking at that and I was wondering why Satan would want to hold us up on the earth. M yeah. You know, I started thinking that why would he be on a horse earthbound, right? Yeah. You know, I begin to look at that, but I said, but really the reasoning, how you going to do it now? Because we're not in the change of the body. So, he say if I can keep war against their minds, war against their flesh. Hallelu. You know, everybody want to you feel holy. You make a mistake and then Satan will pull that mistake up and he can show you that thing over and over and over and the next thing you know you just said, "I just I just can't do it." And you talking his language. Hallelujah. Because if a man can't do it, he lay down his well. He quit fighting. Hallelujah. It ain't a time to give up your time to keep fighting. Hallel get right back up. I have more than a con. You got to look at that. Me and me and me and brother Z he he like boxing. I like boxing. I just love boxing. But I ain't eat boxing no more fight still fighting the devil. Amen. I quit beating up flesh and start fighting against prison. But I do love boxing and one of my like we talking about we start looking at all the rest of these fighters that be coming on and on. But I still out of all of them Muhammad Ali still the best. Muhammad Ali still the best. I don't care how you could that Muhammad Ali was the best. Muhammad Ali was able to convince you that he was the best. He was the devil can ever convince you that he more greater than God. He's the best. God convince you. I am greater than God. So how do we start ascending up here in this realm that we in? Cuz we got we got to start here order to go there, right? In order for us to do it, let us let us look at a scripture. Let us look at this scripture real. I'm going to read from 2 Corinthians the 10th chapter. Time to start ascending up. Amen. Right. Second Corinthians. Yeah. Second Corinthians the 10th chapter. It's time to move up. Amen. In order as we begin to move up uh let me let me let me start reading at verse read all the way down to uh verse 8. Brother way read for me starting at verse starting in uh yeah verse three. For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh. For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of stronghold. To do what? To pull down stronghold. Amen. Honey, everybody got a different stronghold. Everybody's genetic makeup is different. Honey, some people had a grandmother that was real nervous. That was a stronghold. And it's handed down genetic. Right? So now you find that sister, she grows up, she become real nervous. I let the devil use that nervous weakness to work on her day and night or work on him day and night. Making her think that she going to lose her life, making her think she ain't going to be good enough. That is nothing but a stronghold. Whatever you do, you got to take God word and pour that thing out. Exactly. Right. Amen. Casting down imaginations and every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God. Casting down imagination. Amen. If I can get rid of get my imagination and everything under the under under the altar of God's word, I can overcome. The heavenly things are war with is the imagination. And the imagination uh you know your imagination run away with you when you do hunt. Oh yeah. One thing about imagination brother said when you do imagination be playing with you. You lay in bed at night and you think high going to walk out the next day and you'll be standing right there. When you get there I see myself the best dirt head I had was yesterday when I was scratching out on that c. I had to do exactly what I wanted and somebody woke me up. Cast that down. Casting down imagination not and every high thing that exalted itself against the knowledge of God and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. Hallelujah. Have a thought. Yep. and having in a in a readiness to revenge all disobedience. Oh, when your obedience is fulfilled. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Do you do you look on things after the outward appearance? If any man trust to himself that he is Christ, let him of himself think this again, that as he is Christ, even so are we. Amen. Amen. Okay. For though I should boast somewhat more of our authority, which the Lord hath given us for edification, and not for your destruction, I should not be ashamed. Amen. I Paul word is clear. Absolutely. So, I hope you understand something about Paul. Well, Paul would believe at a rapture, right? Paul literally taught a rapture. Right. If you notice in first lawyer when Paul was teaching Paul did not put as he put as we he saw himself on that rapture. Hallelujah. His faith believed that God going to change our bodies. But God knew that something was still not happening. Right. So he was he was singing under the wisdom of God. I would pray God that you will open to us a door utterance. Right? I mean he wanted to he wanted to make known this great revelation that was going on in but it was not for his name but he looked forward to heaven we went to sh he believed in rapture right he looked forward to the rapture right but then it was not time for him to he said it was our day right so the way it had to be in continuity at the seven at the seven when Moses went up on the mount sixth day on the seventh day the voice of God spoke Hallelujah. We find here and we find here that we had to go through six church year and after the end of the sixth church, the voice of God in the day of the voice by the time rapture. Right. Right. Amen. So we begin to look at him. So what he was doing, he was here. We found that Revelation 3 was the church ages and then Revelation 3 was the church ages. And we find out that Revelation 4 was a rapture day. The bride was caught up in a great mystery of the word. The devil can't stop that. Amen. He can't do nothing when we caught up in them. So I begin to realize here why the devil struggling with the bride going up. That's the That's the problem. Yeah. He's been declaring this position. That's right. For a long time. Come on, brother. Oh, yeah. That's right. He declaring this position and unwillingly and ignorantly we'll be letting him have it. Right. Right. That's it. He to do his job, his best to keep us on earth. Right. His job is to keep us from the rapture. He knows that. Amen. So he said, "I'm going to work on them all day long. I know how I fall from heaven on Lucifer. He's the son of the morning. How I cut down to the ground with weaken the nation. For thou has sent in the heart. I will send into heaven. I will exalt my throne. How we going to get exalt? Cast down every imagination that exalts. How do you have imagination that exalt? Because anything that will try to go against the knowledge of God is the devil. However, two spirits in the world is either Christ or the devil. And I will exalt my knowledge. And I will exalt I will exalt my exalt my throne. Yep. Above the stars of God. Y I will set also up in the mouth of the congregation in the sides of the north. I will descend above the heights of the cloud. I will be like the most high. I want God position. I want the bride position. I what what I'm going to do, I'm going to keep working on them. I'm going to keep fighting them. I'm going to keep them from the rapture. Right. Come on. Now, we got to find out why he want to fight us and keep us out of this rapture. We go. We got to come to it somewhere. We got that somewhere in the in the ch somewhere in the dispensation, there got to be a change in our body. Halleluture promise. And not only do we got a rapture, brother, we got to go to a wedding supper and three and a half year whenever return back and Revelation 19 as King of Kings. Amen. Amen. Amen. He knew if the bride ever recognized his position, right? He's done. It going to be done. That's right. He is fighting us for recognized opposition. Right. Right. And God positionally placed us in the word. Right. Right. You say you put that you know he put us right in heavenly places in my so you know when you say what heavenly places a heavenly atmosphere a heavenly realm how we called up into another realm you know you know well said when the seven church is the bride is called up in the br we left the church we not we still lay on seal but what he did then the mind of God have come down we thinking like God now He did. He br he to the revelation of the vine. If you notice here, he come back with the head this time. Right? He walked on earth with the body, right? Hallelujah. This time he come, he walk on the blood on earth with the body because in that body was redemption power. Hallelujah. But in other words, we accept the blood of Jesus Christ. But now it's time to come back with the intelligence cuz now there got to not just be one body rapture. There got to be a universal rapture. How did they start right here? So now he come back with the mine edge and the bride is called up not in not in the foot but in the mind of God. Amen. And he said then let this mind be in you that was in Christ. Count it not robbery to come to the same revelation. One thing come to the same revelation that Jesus had. Hallel come to the same revelation of counting robbery that we call evil with God. How you know? We're going to live with one Holy Ghost and that day you will know that I am in the father. The father me and I are in you. He put the same revelation. So we got to come to the revelation. We got to cover the devil the same way that Jesus come. Exactly. What was Jesus final victory over the devil? His final victory was in Acts one. I believe verse 9. When he stood there, he says over there. Yeah. And all of a sudden he was standing there and the Bible said cloud right. Hallelujah. He was caught up and a crowd come up and it took him off. But he would not find a victory over the devil. He said we would remain shall be chain in a moment and a fire going to come down. Right. He car. Yes sir. Hallelujah. We It's over there. Hallelujah. Yeah. But the devil job is to keep keep you out of the rapture. Oh yeah. And I begin to look at this. I'm living in a message. Find first seal. We did find it. Found it. First seal. It was in the seal. He said he said nine. First seal. And he said, "Now uh page notice page." He said the first he said now, he said, "Now notice at the end time and at the end of of the church now he is called. He is called to and yeah his calling and his childrens are called the antichrist and everything that's against Christ is antichrist and and anything that against the word is antichrist because Christ is the word you put it is not a person he's the word hallelujah his his flesh become the word and the word become flesh. Hallelujah. So where he was not born by sexual desire, he come into a body that was untangled by untouched by man. Even though he had sin come on him through the eating and all the things, he was able to fill him over there. But by the same token, he had the power in him to raise the same body. Yes, sir. Ain't no man never had that kind of faith. Let him die and raise it up. He said he said Christ, he said Christ is the word now. peace. Now talking about Satan now in Revelation 12 verse 7-9 Satan is the accuser you want to put that down he said you want to read it you got it got time now now it it is 12 it is 12 15 until 15 until 10 uh then it goes but in revelation 12 7-9, right? Satan. The spirit of Satan. Yep. Is the spirit of Satan which is up there now of our brothers. All right. The church is taking up way. Let me read. Amen. Satan the spirit. Satan the spirit the devil which is up there now accusing our brother. Excuse me. Accusing our brother. All right. The church is taken up and Satan is cast out. When the church goes up, Satan comes down. Satan acquainted himself in the antichrist and is called to be the position that Satan is. I got to stop the rapture because as long as the rapture is not going on, as long as there ain't nobody caught up, he's still in the heaven. He's sure in your position. He still got the place of God that I can come to you and fight your mind and give you my mind because he's in a position that does not even blow down. We have all he's the principality. He's a God of this universe like this at right now. As long as he's in that position, right? He tries to hold position, right? Right? Cuz he know the he said I read said when the last member come in and recognize her place the rape take place. Satan don't know who the last member is. So the best way to do it is to keep pressure on everybody. Keep pressure on everybody. He got to get the right he up the pressure. on this church called a bride. He turned sales off. He looked $200,000. Right. Yes, sir. He said if that be a bride now, she going to love us. Right. So now what we doing? We find it in the Z that we living in. Satan is stopping the people from recognizing right the bride from recognize her position in heavenly places. It doesn't work. So when you know he fighting us with every demonic power and he's constantly accusing us. Right. Right. Absolutely. And you say, "How will I beat the accuser?" That's the answer. Amen. How will I beat the accuser? Right. And I, you know, because with Satan accusing us, the majority of the times he's right. You know, if you're accusing, you done something that the devil going to remind you over and over. And you said in your mind, I didn't do that. And he knows that. So if he accuse he accuse the bride and make her stay in this level of selfdeeat. Paul taught it in Romans 8. For there is now no condemnation to them that are great and walk. I mean Satan know I mean if he can keep us under condemnation we'll never rise to that position. Right. Amen. And we it ain't like we go out and drink and do all these things like that. He knows that. But our biggest battle is condemnation. Right. How many is being able to accept I'm good enough to make the rapture and not by yourself, but I ain't talking about my flesh. I'm talking about the word that's in me. Honey, the rapture already in me. Right. Right. Amen. But to accuse you, that's what we wrestle against. He says, he said, "Now the devil which is which is up there now accuser of the brothers, right? stays there to accuse us to keep us from the position that belongs to us because now if he can keep us under the spirit of condemnation then the scripture got to be fulfilled. Paul said for now there is now no condemnation to them that are in Christ. So now if we stay under this condition and we bribe and we still under condemnation there got to be a time when all that stuff move out of the way so we can r out of position. So Paul begin to say cast down right every high thing. Yeah. The point of it is we ain't got the revelation how to get rid of it. Cast it out. Cuz we trying to do it in oursel. We trying to be doing good for 6 weeks and then all of a sudden boom, right? You know, you get to thinking somebody that maybe you know been pretty good. And you said how I'm going to keep it down. I The way to keep the way to keep yourself down is that the way to keep the the down is keep yourself humble. Right. How do you keep yourself dependent on God? How you begin? The more you learn and let God take over, the more the condemnation, the lesson. And on you, what type of man see the man carrying a bag? Yeah. Psych on his back. This guy was in a dream. I think I' been a long time. But anyway, this old man was going up this hill. He was struggling. He had this big sight on his back. He was dragging along. This young guy was walking beside him. He seen this old man in this. He was just struggling trying to get up this hill. And this young boy asked this man says, "Sir." And the man turned to look. He said, "What do you got in that sight?" He said, "Sins." The guy looked mad. Mhm. He said, he cured. The guy thinking in his mind, this old man scrubbed me because he turned the sins of the world and he dragged me sack. He says, "Sir, whose sins you got in the sight?" He's in your sins. Yeah. Just call you realize here that Christ took your He can't cross. He nailed it down for you that you don't have to suffer the spirit of Jesus. Amen. How are you going to accept it by faith? That's right, man. Amen. That's right. You got to accept what God done by faith. Right. I said people the same faith to save you is the same faith to forgive you. That's right. How many people say, "Well, I got faith to be saved, but they ain't got faith to forgive themselves." Yeah. Right. Hallelujah. So it faith to save you, it going to take faith to stay saved. Even when the accuser come, they're going to take faith to accept. Right. Amen. Right? Why you think before he preached the seven seals, he preached the breach. He could have went straight into the seven seals. But if he would have went into the seven seal without preaching the breach, the devil would have came to you say, "You'll never be there. You ain't." He would jump on me and you here say, "You'll never be there." Hallelujah. You know what? You see how holy this seven seal is, you will never be good enough. So he knew that. God knew the plan of the mind of Satan. So God before he preached the seal, he preached the breach. If you know before he preach the preach, he call her bleach because he know if the bride will get the revelation that she didn't get in the bleach, she has for crazy, but you got to be crazy to accept this message. That's right. You trying to figure this out in your own way from it. Hallelujah. They got it and they went through. So anyway, but we realize here the people there the war that we fight against accusers. I mean the accusers are standing there over and over. Young people make a mistake. I think the devil get you trapped you up to do something and you know you love God but he won't let go of that. That's right. He'll stay right there. Cuz as long as he can hold you on earth and you had cover that cover that sin, right, he still got you. That's right. He still got you. Right. But if you ever get the revelation that God took your sins and he nailed it to his cross. Hallelujah. All that I done been dropped in the bleach. And not only was he die for me, but he died for my iniquity. He died for my transgression. All he turned to his cross. How the faith is in him done his thing. Right. So hard, man. We can't forgive. Amen. Why you think it was hard? You say it's easy to forgive then try. Yeah. Let somebody do you wrong. You trying to for it ain't like you think it is. Like it is to think you. Somebody do you wrong and try to forgive. You see what the devil work your mind over. You let somebody borrow $10,000 from you. They don't pay you back. Man, I'm going have to be on the B going to be good. Yes, sir. Anything I did not as long as I'm happy about him is not good. Right. I know. I I went down my cousin, my first cousin come up to me and he I just had got saved. It must have been my first tense. He just the devil just I shouldn't leave there like 3 or 4 years. I just got sorry about it right after I got saved 6 month. I am a major guest. Amen. My cousin come to me and said, "Bro, Joel, you know, we we grow my office and daddy. We real close. We in favor of each other." And he's come to me say, "Hey man." He said, he says, "I want you to sign for me a car." Oh boy. Cuz I'm signing for me the money to get the car. Oh my. I said, "All right." So I said, "I do it for you, man." He said, "You know how we spam. You ain't no homo. Well, you better listen. You better run when they start talking like that. And they start calling you cousin. They ain't never call you cousin. You better run. You're my cousin. You better start running. He even talking to me. I said, "All right, man." I said, "I know how we man." Hey, man. I'm thinking, man, my wife said, "You think you need to do that moment? You let me wear my I know it. I wish I would listen. But anyway, I went on down there. I think it was when the finance company I he said I said, "How much you need?" You're looking at in probably early 80s. So I signed for it and by the time you pay it back, it's about $1,600 or so. the loan and that's I signed for him. I got the money and uh I gave it to him and uh he said all right I got you and all of a sudden I gave it to him first for one he brought one paper to me two but then I didn't see him no more for the next 5 years. Oh you talking about thoughts thinking to myself when I see him this ain't going to be good. I think about how I wanted to walk with Google. You got no money? He said, "No." He said, "You didn't have them thought." Oh yes, I did have them thought I thought about how I had all kind of way. I'm going to do I thought I said if I don't hit him then I would feel good. I feel like I got something out of this way. But you know we end up with but he guarded me and he guarded me. And now I begin to realize I said Lord help me to release this anger. Hallelujah. Now the devil there to remind me you got something. Every time I turn around he bringing a lollipop to my mind. He look over I see this lollipop walking beside man. But you know what it was. I decided I said Lord be mad here. Help me to forgive this guy. And I just forgot about it. And about three years of man, I love you. I know about three years. Three years later, the man fell on the conviction. He come we did not do anything in ourselves. You'll wear yourself to death to try to fight against somebody that hate you. You need to commit it to God and have the faith to hold it. And when he break the service in, he taking the sword and holding it there. You know when we take the sword and we kill the devil but we don't kill him. The devil get to plead. Oh yeah. Please let me up. You got him down. Don't move the sword. Right. Amen. I leave you alone for 2 months. Yeah. Give him a second chance. And then we pull the sword up and they know that Nate's battle is worse than the first one. I mean he said when you let he when you drive the sword in don't let him up. Don't look at him. Keep your eyes on the word. When you look at something, it's hard to kill. Hallelujah. Yeah. Right. If you look at things, it's hard to kill. Right. You know, I was looking at them rabbits yesterday. I had all kind of thoughts about them rabbits. I walked ahead and I look at them big, pretty fluffy rabbits and I start thinking about Thanksgiving. And I had one delusion hit me. I said, I see that river with a ball run through him. He rode on the fire. But it ain't going to work cuz I done asked sister Dale. I was going to have it. And she said, "You ain't eat no rabbits." Back to page one. Gave no rabbits. But I don't give away. I think I want you ask me when you say you got that real I got it. It's part of the human kingdom. But you know we got to come to a church. We have got to come get a revelation. That's right. We got to lay aside ever wait. See, Satan is holding the people back. We worry too much. We worry about things too much. We we something go wrong and then the next thing you know a financial something come up. The first thing this devil put on you is worrying. And worrying is not of God. That's right. You might feel like it's of God, but it's not of God. Well, I don't do nothing wrong with worrying. When you doing something real wrong, you're killing your own self. Hallelujah. You killing your own self. You are literally tearing down your immune system so the devil can get you off the urban life. Hallelujah. And they were wearing caused high blood pressure, heart trouble, and all kind of. And the devil put on us. Right. That's right. Right. And we really believe that God was in control. Oh yeah. And that God might know my every need. Right. I heard him sing in a song. I show He knows my name. I think I heard him practicing it this morning with the young people breaking that song. They know it somewhat. But I that was a song that was say he knows my name. If God knows my name, he know my every need. How do he know what I have need of before I even ask it? Hallelujah. He want me to do to not worry him by coming to him, worrying God to death. Lord, I need this and I need that. He I don't want you to take no thought on that. I want you to praise me. I want you to get your mind on God and get your mind over what I'm going to do with it. It ain't your job to worry about God taking care of you. That's God. Amen. His job is for you to come and worship you. All right. Amen. Because he know who you are. Right. The musicians come this morning. He knows my name. That's right. Amen. And he want us to give our all to God. G. And this accuser that's ascending here to fighting us, right? He's trying his best to keep us on this earthly journey. That's right, brother. And I feel you find people that's 10, 15 years down the road. Mhm. And you find them under the you find them come out under this revelation. How did the devil kick them out of the first? The Bible said they mumbled and complained. He paralyzed their faith. They should have went in and touched the land, but they did not take the land because they were walking around in circles mumbling and complaining. Wowy wy ain't no good things in the message. Everybody commit adultery. Everybody ain't committ. I know I got the Holy Ghost. I feel it. Well, you ain't got the one I got. Hallelujah. Holy Ghost ain't a feeling people. We know the Holy Ghost got feeling in it. But if you basing your revelation off of feeling, you won't be disappointed. Hallelujah. Brother say filling time is not over. Hallelujah. You don't hardly feel half the time you don't even feel saved. That's right. So you let us be saved by faith, not by works. That's right. But the one, we done got the Holy Ghost mixed up with We don't got it mixed up with second Matthew 10. We done got the Holy Ghost mixed up with that with that that outpouring of power, right? Jesus gave them power, right, to become sons of God, right? And this act of power, they cast out devils. They preach. They shared the mystery. 272 church book. They shared the ministry. But when it come down to the showdown, Judas didn't have it. He did not have that was not that was the Holy Ghost that more people get. They get it under but I I got the mysteries. I'm in the word. I got to see God move. I see power but ain't the but the Holy Ghost don't talk about was the word when they went to Acts 238 they receive the Holy Ghost. Acts one, they come out of the room. They was chained people. Paul didn't go back and start committing adultery. Hal Peter didn't go back and fall in adultery. They ain't going back drinking and smoking and doing anything. One they got the Holy Ghost change. That's the kind of Holy Ghost we give you. I had two experience when it changed my soul. God one they come out of the upper room standing under the influence of the Holy Ghost that s a weak woman. Right. Not just a village. Right. A change you. Sure. Exactly. my last comment. I've been studied on butterflies again. I been studied on butterflies. I can't get away from Okay, I'm going to say this. My last comment, it's already in you. Sure. Your rapture is already in you. Just like the caterpillar, right? Everything he need to become a butterfly, it's already in him. Yeah, he have got the ability to ascend up from the earth to the heavens. Now you say, do he know it? He might not understand it all, right? But he do understand this. And one thing that we all understand, you don't have to tell us how to eat, right? You just set the chicken down. We didn't know what to do with it. And so you got to in other words the substance don't become uh uh the the the substance of chickens don't become part of you by looking at it man that look good. You can look at it all day long and die right but if you ever take it in you where that caterpillar he begin to nurse and he begin to eat. He begin to eat. He begin to eat. What is he doing? He's becoming the revelation of his substance. How he eating what he's eating he's becoming. Right? Because he got to put enough food in him to give him enough script to change his body. What didn't happen on the people had had enough word then the test go they didn't have enough script for the change. That's right. Hallelujah. So but they tell police and all of a sudden he begin to go up himself. He attaches himself to the lamb. Right. He didn't need nobody to attach him. Right. He didn't need you with a hammer to nail him up. I beg him to come to church on the boys and I' been for 20 years. He didn't need that. All he need attach himself. Right now I think one of them spin under maybe the mouse spins a cocoon. But if the original caterpillar he don't spin a cocoon and I used to use that but actually what he do he forms a thing called a crystal. How his body begin to christenate itself and he become c. And when he forms this crystal, his body that the shape of that crystal is the shape of what is what he going to look like when he come out. Hallelujah. God put him in the great sculpture and God begin to put him in a crystal. Hallelujah. We God himself he put him in a crystal called human flesh. Hallelujah. But down on the inside and you eat the word. Hallelujah. It's forming what on the inside of you and going to look just like this day on the other side. Right. Exactly. Right. And then I found out when that credit caliber pillow goes into the crystal, what he do his body on liquidates itself completely become liquid. And the reason for his body to become liquid that the before a caterpillar could become a butterfly, every cell that was in the caterpillar must be dissolved. A butterfly have no caterpillar cells in it at all. How do he liquidate and swallow up every cell that was in the caterpillar when it become a butterfly? It don't have no caterpillar at all. Hallelujah. It become it become a beating in itself. I mean that what God doing tonight. That's right. Death going to be swallowed up. Hallelujah. When we come out, we don't have no death at all. time around church and here I am watching them 596. I feel the I call Hallelujah. I hear the call. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Oh hallelujah. Yes. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Praise God. Glory. Oh yeah. I feel great. I Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh yes. Heat. Oh yeah. Heat. Get out of there. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. He had no power trying to take over but he's not going to go and you got Oh my god. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Get out. You come in the right place. Are you under the right knee to respond Lord? He's here right now, Lord. The Holy Spirit right now. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I feel Amen. Just think about it. Heal the pool. Amen. And just yield to the pool. That's right. Just eat. Just come on out of that cocoon. Sail through the heaven is with the butterfly. Cuz we're not saying sailing with butterflies. We're flying with eagle. That's right. Cuz that's the main thing for this day. Amen. You enjoy the message. appreciate forward to this afternoon. He told me, he said, "Why don't you preach one of the services?" I said, "The people ain't coming to hear me. They hear me all the time. They're coming to hear you." Right? So then that's that's the way we believe, right? Amen. Now, we want everybody to stay and eat together. We hope you'll eat and devour all the food because it's kind of like Dr. Uh, brother Gur's dad, Dr. Atkins, one time he's at the house and I said, "Well, you better eat all of this cuz if you don't, I'm going to have to eat what's left over." He said, "You pour the honey." So, you know, we got a lot of fish and a lot of chili and we got, you know, hot dogs and everything and we want you to stay and eat with us, okay? Just have a good time. Amen. So, remember that. Remember the service this afternoon. Remember now f uh Saturday night 7:00 brother Ron Spencer will be here with us and then the morning service you know preaching for us and then there'll be no evening service next Sunday cuz we'll be eating together fellowshipping you know and having a big meal together and just having a good time. So just have get everything ready and we'll have a good time in the Lord. Amen. You love him. As I said make sure you tell brother how much appreciate the message we do. Father we thank you. We love you and we just commit everything into your hands this day, Lord, knowing that we are needy people and our brother has said exactly what we need. We need to get out of these old cocoons and things and come forth as a beautiful butterfly. We need you, Lord. Help us to be, as he said, to get away from listening to the devil talk to us and tell us how we feel and what we're doing. Cuz even sometimes he'll tell us the truth. But yet he always has a part in that to make a lie out of it where it's damaging to each one. We love you, Father, and we thank you. We ask you to sanctify the food as we go to fellowship together to eat a little meal and things. And we love you and we thank you. We commit it all to you now in Jesus name. Amen. You're dismissed. Well, I just want to say [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat [Music] up [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
