################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2013-01-04 - 11-0911 - Three is the Number of Life Pt.2 - Donnie Fawbush - Donnie Fawbush - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2013-01-04
Title:   11-0911 - Three is the Number of Life Pt.2 - Donnie Fawbush
Speaker: Donnie Fawbush
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfzJNvZyO58
========================================

Good morning. I hope everybody feels as good as I do this morning about being able just to get up. Amen. See all y'all again. This certainly is a joy in my life. It's a pleasant thing. Uh I just like to say a little prayer this morning. Y'all don't mind before we get started. I know sometimes you don't. I I love to do that. Y'all know I say a little prayer and thank the Lord for being here. Precious heavenly father, we want to thank you once again for allowing us all to be here together today in your house and come hear about you, Lord, and to this fellowship around your word, Father God. And I ask each for everyone here, Lord. Forgive us of our sins, Father God, because we sin every day. And Lord, you sent your word to heal us. Such a beautiful word and deliver us from our own destruction. And I appreciate that. And I ask Lord that all those people that's separated out there and and everything just touch them and bless them that all that are yours will come. And we believe your word. It says it will happen. And I believe it. And Father God, for me, the sooner the better. And I ask this day for those families that was lost in 9/11 that you just touch and bless them and continue to lift them up with understanding, Father God, and just bless them and be with them and each one. And I asked you today that our pastor's missing today. He's he's up at brother Wilson's. And I ask you just to bless him up there. And those people are certainly blessed to hear him bring your word as he does here. I ask you just to let him speak the words that's on his heart that you place there come across those lips. You made a clay. And father, anoint the ears up there that they can hear and understand and speak to their minds and let their hearts receive what you've sent them, Father God. And I ask you this morning to be with brother Wade and bless him as he's preparing to do two services today. Father, I was kind of whining a little bit about having to do this little 30 minutes down here for you today, but I thought about Brother Wade. You brought him to my remembrance, he's got two to do today. And as brother Dale does too, all the time, but it just takes a lot of work. And I know it does, Father. And I thank you for it and let me be there to be able to receive this. And I ask you, Lord, again, just to bless each one here today. Bless our fellowship with each other. Don't let us say anything or do anything to harm or hinder anybody in any way. Bring Brother Dale and Sister Dale home safely. Bless all the bride around the world and bless those that couldn't be here today. We ask these things and ask, Father, you just come down and bless the services here today. We ask these things in your precious name, Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Uh I want to get started on something that I was speaking on last time. I love this thing, the number three. I love it because uh in the message of hear his voice, Jeffersonville, Indiana, uh brother Brandham says there are three stages of everything. There's a stage of mortal body, there's a stage of immortal body, and then there's the glorified body. See just like other things like father, son and holy spirit goes in one channel and the three makes the one. Justification, sanctification, baptism of the holy ghost in a channel makes the one and the soul body, soul and spirit makes the one and it travels in threes and threes are one. I think what he's trying to say there when you see that look at it as one and I think we all in here are educated enough know enough to do all that cuz that's the way we see it and that's the way we've been taught too thank God and make a three corner piece of glass and lay it in the sun it'll reflect colors yet seven colors and seven is the number that God uses to display itself but yet seven colors will come down to And you take red and look through red at red. How many knows that color? It'll be white. Oh, isn't that strange? That red through red looks white. Red is the sign of redemption. And when you God looks at your red sins through the blood of his precious son, they are white. See? So, but he has to look through the blood. If it doesn't, they aren't sinful. So, we have to be under the blood. I want to turn this morning to John 14:15. I'm sitting there talking a little bit last night with the Lord about what to do. And sometimes, you know, there's so many things pop in your head. I know brother Joe and anybody else is brother Boyd you have to you want to get up and speak and and uh when you're asked to do what you're supposed to do and uh the devil comes at you and says no you can't talk about that it's already been talked about you can't do this you can't do that because already been said I already know it well thank God I'm here and if I say anything wrong y'all can throw something at me and that's okay but I think the Lord will keep me straight on everything cuz I believe his word said if anytime we had anything like that that the comforter would be here and he would keep me out of trouble. Thank God. Anyway, we're going to read John 14:15. If you love me, keep my commandments. And I will pray thee the Father, and he will he shall give you another comforter, that he may abide with you forever, even the Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not. Neither knoweth him, nor ye know him. For he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you. I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you yet a little while and the world see me no more. But ye see me because I live. Ye shall live also. And at that day ye shall know that I am in my father first and ye in me. It's the second pool and I in you third. Three. I love that. I really do. I love that. Uh I think we all need to see that that's the three-fold manner is there and I think we all do. Uh I want to go over here right now cuz I'm going uh want to speak on the rest just for a minute. I'm going to the Hebrews book. Uh let's see, page 150. I look down here 150. Okay, here we go. Now watch. That was the third rest. He gave that's when the Holy Ghost came himself. Let's see. I'm going to start up here. What is the rest? When did the rest come? When people spoke with other tongues had stammering lips. Stammering lips that they didn't speak nothing. They stammered. When did that happen? On the day of Pentecost. When did the Holy Ghost come? That is the rest. The Holy Ghost. Jesus said, "Come unto me all ye that are weary and heavy laden and I'll give you rest. I'll give you life, eternal life. Zoe, God's own life. God will come unto you and be a part of you. He will give you a birth and make you a son or daughter ord that was the third rest he gave. The first, God received it from his word. Second, Israel received it in the law. And third, the church received it as a part of God. I think we know where we're at here, right? Everybody in here. Amen. Three is the number of of life. How many knows that? Congratulations. Says, "Amen, Ed." Every time you see three, it's life. Notice when God created the earth, on the third day was life. How many knows that? Amen. The third day there came life. on the third day of creation. May need to go back and read that again. Y'all understand what I just read? Huh? Read it again. Okay, good idea. Says, "Read it again." The uh Hebrews book. Now watch. That was the third rest he gives. The first God received it. Where do you receive it? From creator, right? His attributes come forth creating that. All right, his work. Second, Israel received it in the law. Third, the church received it as a part of God. Three is the number of life. How many knows that? Congregation says, "Amen." Ed, every time you see three, it's life. Notice when God created the earth, on the third day was life. How many knows that? Amen. The third day there came life. On the third day of creation, the Trinity, the father was above the people in a pillar of fire. The son was a man who talked to the people and got them ready. The Holy Ghost was the third step which was the Holy Ghost, God, and the people, life, Father, and Son. Okay, I want to cover that on the rest. And let's see, I want to go to paragraph 86. Okay. And when you enter into the rest, you cease from your own worldly works like God did from his. Why? You're a part of God. You rest eternally. There you are. That's the Sabbath. Come unto me all ye that labor. Then we'll go to the fourth chapter 203. Uh justification came under Martin Luther still a form of religion. Sanctification he said Martin Luther but John Wesley the baptism of the Holy Ghost life justification is believing. Sanctification is the cleansing. Holy Ghost is a lifting is a filling life. Not through the Lutheran age. They had it in a form. Not through the Wesland age. They had it in a form. But in this age, the Holy Ghost comes himself. That's a point I wanted to bring out. Um it meant something to me to go back and hear that again because I I'd heard some uh some things uh listening to some the seals, Brother Dale Seals, that really didn't quite make sense to me. when I read this, it brings me back to about the trumpets and things. But nevertheless, I wanted to uh take us right there right quick on some things. And uh there's uh three forms of redemption or three big sections to the redemption. First is Gentile nations got to come. Then the Jewish 144,000's got to come. Then the earth's got to be redeemed. Uh I I I loved all that. I had to throw that in. That one ain't no extra charge, but I wanted to go here with this to we have found him and see then he's here. Is that right? He said whenever two or three are gathered, no matter how small a group, two or three, it'll be in the I'll be in their midst. What anything they ask shall receive it. Now, that's either right or wrong. Jesus said, "If you abide in me and my word in you, you can ask what you will, it will be done." Whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe you receive it. That's but watch the order of the word now. You believe now, you receive it. It shall be given to you tonight. See, he can't do anything for you until you first believe it. And he said he say and say he has done it. In other words, you got to believe it and say, "Amen. Thank you, Lord. I know it's done." That's right. Let me that. Soak. He said, "Let just soak it up." It's kind of deep. Um, I got one more right here. I wanted to uh take you to one more scripture and then I'm going to ramble a little while I think going to John 15:7. I'm going to go back to John 15:7 cuz I love that scripture right there. And this is exactly what he just said. And listen, I I'm not y'all know me. I can't stand up here and quote you scriptures and like some people can sit there and eat your life with scriptures. I can't do it. When trouble abounds, you have to stop and think when when a seven sudden sudden Satan is sitting up there knocking on your head saying, "Hey, you got to do things good." You know what? All I woke up at 4:30. Sure. Wednesday morning. Boy knows what I'm talking about. Brother John know what I'm talking about. And let me tell you, you can say it's your mind organizing up here this stuff, but what wakes you up and organizes this old melting pot. He does. And he'll sit there and I wish sometimes I could plug a recorder in the side of my head and pick this stuff up and remember it. But we're not supposed to do that because we'll get so jumbled up like I do. And I'm trying not to right now, but Lord, but you know, you stop and think about these things and and you walk through life and you see these things coming up. you see two people arguing you and what's the first thought or something hits you first thing that happens to most of us me is they go oh little fear hits you first thing that should hit us is like when Satan took Jesus up on that mountain and said this is all your kingdom all of them he didn't stump he didn't do nothing he just said it is written it is written He didn't he didn't have no faults except one thought. That was his word. Now, we all know that I'm not that strong. But the same one that told him his flesh body to obey that was in him that's in me and all of us here. And I think a lot of times for me, I have a tendency to be like Eve and want to fix it myself, right? You do you have to stop and think when these things come up. That's right. I was talking to my grandson this morning. You you about things you have to watch what is put on your table. That's right. No matter what it is, family situations, uh mothers, daughters, brothers, sisters, children, grandchildren, you you have to watch the results of what happens and we have to call it on the word. That's right. And for me, I love this right here. When I pray, you'll hear me a lot of times say this because I firmly believe it. What part of it I can uh when I first come over here, I used to say that uh honor thy father and mother as I would thy father in heaven. Well, I said that about two or three times around here. The wrong ears hurting, but I won't say the wrong ears. The right ears hurting. And called me off to the side very patiently. Papa did. He said, "Come here." He said, "It don't say it like that. It says it like this. It's in the scripture and it says it exactly like this. Thy days will be lengthened." That's right. You know, okay. You know, just kind of keep your mouth shut until you know what you're talking about. But the part of it God right here is this. I I I really love this scripture. Oh, I love all the scripture, but the ones that come to my mind in trouble is by his stripes I'm healed. That's my first one. It hits me just like that. Whatever comes up in the situation, u we have a little sometimes in the mornings we have a little thing with my brother Tommy. He likes to get everybody stirred up real good. Kind of like daddy did, you know, bring them up real good, stir them up. And you'll hear me upstairs. And of course, Sue, she's wanting to get him straight and get him going and head him out cuz she loves him. And and uh he has just been playful sometimes, you know, telling family stuff and it's okay. We're all family. Sure. Amen. But it happens, right? Listen, and I love him. He's my brother. God put me here with him for a reason, and I'd love that. I think I'm the lucky person. Okay. U But anyway, I just I have to say, peace be still. And you have to because listen, sometimes listen, it's not only home. It's at work. We we do constantly. We're natural constant uh enemies really. I don't know. I know in the ways of the world, used car dealers and mechanics don't get along. They really don't. Used car dealers, you know, uh they're just trying to make a living and mechanics, they won't replace everything. So, you know, it's the way it works. But there ain't one that can make all that work, right? Is my point. And my point is today we having him in word form has been presented be before us and we have a preacher that has been sent by the grace of God to show y'all me the word that I may know these things by his revelation. Now I I had a friend that was a Methodist and he would just he he he would he would go on and on and on about the grace. you don't think God's grace is sufficient for this. Uh, you know, it's okay that I went and rode my bike and I settled on the side. I had me a beer. I said, "No, it's not okay. There's a time and place for everything, right? God taught so much that he did everything by his times for a reason for us to follow that example." And it I used to think when I was younger that, you know, you as a Christian, just going to church all the time. Well, you didn't go get to do the fun things, hang out late at night and get in trouble. And, you know, somebody was always pitching me in the middle of a ring to try to fight somebody or something, you know, and I'd get I'd settle that situation most of the time. Thank the Lord without any problems. Then I'd turn and find that boy that set me up to do this. I'd run him all the way to the house with my belt, you know. But I used to think I really did when I was out in the world that uh I would not go to the point I'm not stupid, okay? I'm not going against the Lord the wrong way here. I would just stay away from it. I would hide like like uh you know, get behind the bushes over there. God can't see me, but he sees everything. You know, it's like, okay, I'm hiding from God like this. And uh but you know, he's going to have his way. And of course, we all know that's his will. And his word says, "I'm coming." Now, we understand that I'm coming means what does come mean? We've been taught. He's here. Every one of us here. He's here. Okay. Now, let me go back to reading my I want to read my scripture because I kind of want to talk a little bit u a little bit more here. John 15:7. If you abide in me and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will and it shall be done unto you. Amen. Now, that's a promise that God has given me. That's I wrote a promise. I wrote it this my word. It's my promise. This is mine. But I want to talk a little bit this morning uh on on some things about sin and uh of course naturally what type of people we are. I want to read this and um it's called this questions and answers Hebrews part one Jeffersonville uh cood Wednesday 570925 um 229112. Now let me have something here just show you a little something so you won't forget it. Going to make you a little illustration. I'm going to put how many gender nationalities of people are there in the world. There's three Ham, Sham, and Japan's people. How many knows that we come from those three sons of Noah. Ham's people, Sham's people, Japan's people is the Anglo-Saxon. She's people is the the three generations. That's Jew, Gentile, and have Jew and Gentile. Now notice when there and this is Ham Shem and Ham and Japan. Uh y'all know that right? Jew gentile in the mixture. All right. There's three types that I kind of want to touch on. I don't know how deep I'm going to be able to get on, but I I do want to speak on and I want to see where we all come into this and to understanding. Uh want to talk a little bit this morning about three types of believers. The believer, the unbeliever, and the makebeliever. Um now that we know that there's three types of people, there's three types of believers that follow it also. And uh I just want to from my standpoint, the other night, Brother Dale was preaching on sin. It really struck my heart. And I don't know how God deals with y'all, but I'm sure it's the same way he deals with me. How many times have you heard a certain word that promotes or projects God to you and you only receive it in the mind and not down here where it belongs? How many times me I say here and I listen and I listen and I listen and I want to get everything brother Dale says I want to go through the hole get it all but I can't because it's too much. I just can't do it. I uh get up there and I I just go well the other night he was sitting there and it just went like a brain crust in my head and went to my heart and I just wanted to do back flips all down the pews because he said you never was. It's not your fault the way you was born. You was born perfect spouse born from your mother's womb a liar and you came out perfect. How does that happen? Well, we all know that God's in charge of all the souls. They're his. All souls are his, right? They're perfect. Okay. That's the part that we come back to right here after we for me that I went out into the world. That soul never left me. It was there. Mhm. Okay. I was in the stage of I'd say an unbeliever cuz I was. I believed him. Now I know how much I really and I'm sorry. I'd have to tell God, let's see my angel I'm going to have to It's going to be a long time to be able to repent to him and tell him I'm sorry. But it only takes one time, right? Amen. Cuz all you got to do is say, "God, I'm sorry for my repentant heart." And he'll hear you. But here's what happens to a lot of folks and sin. uh we come in this thing and we're we're bounced right out here into this cursed condition of the earth. You think about that for a minute. You didn't have no choice. I don't care what you born. Black, white, red, green, yellow, whatever you you come to right out here just like all of us did. God chose that pattern that we all come this way. He is the one that created the creation that brought us here. So, we bounce right out into this world that's cursed, this earth. You're going to trip, stumble, and fall. Right. We all are. It's not a good thing, but it's what happens. That's right. But when you come to that age and you feel that pull, if you don't get it straight right there and end with God, wherever you're at, whatever you're doing, get it straight with him right there and then cuz between you and him, then you can move on in his word and just Lord, you lead these feet. Wherever you put them is where I'll go. And that's my testimony to y'all today. He put me here, right? I told Brother Dale, I'm sorry. God sent me to you. He said you would do certain things. I'm sorry I put gray hairs in your head. But he did. He said, you come here and I'm here. Thank God. And I have received. I'm going to tell you all that. Nothing else. I got a lot of understanding up here. And I wish it all just fall, but it don't do that way. That's right. Okay. All you need is the faith. the rest of it add to your faith just keeps coming and keeps coming. We all know that. But I wanted to make a point here that uh that just as he did in Genesis when he brought the creation it's if you'll look it's the third chapter back to the three and in that third chapter a lot of things happens that's grace because the third chapter is where the fall is the sin. That's where we fail. We all know that that's where the promise the seed cometh into the world. And that's a wonderful thing. I like the part Genesis 3 cuz the other two had to deal with the creation and Genesis 1:26 27. That's what kicked it all off for me right there when he that was something that I for me that part of this message that I love that I've heard has has helped me so much to understand that in God he don't see my sins because if I got something on me something that I have a problem with and trust me devil tries to stir it up all the But all you got to do is say, "I love him. I remember where I come from. By his stripes, I'm healed." And the last thing that I just want to remind y'all of that if person has got something or you got something on your heart, get rid of it. Get rid of it. If it ain't of God, it don't belong there. That's his. That heart belongs to him. is his. And I tell you what he'll do. He'll let you make the decision cuz he is fair and a true judge. He's fair. He's honest. He's everything that I want and ain't. But by his stripes again, I'm healed from the inside out. Don't take nothing too long because you can come to a place to where you sear your grace away. There comes a point like it was with Esau that if you hold on to these bad things in trouble, you can sear away your grace, no matter how much Esau would try to repent, he never could hit the right button. And it's because he just seared it away. He pushed it aside and kept pushing it aside and pushing it aside. And I would pray that nobody in here should have that problem. But in case you see it and the spirits that you run into out there in the world, know these things. And just like some of the sisters you see that's walk through Walmart or brothers, you can say, "Lord, forgive them. That's what I do. That's my sister. That's my brother. Forgive them." Used to, I'd say, "Wow, put some clothes on. Go over there and get you a sheet and wrap up." But they don't know. They don't know. You can't judge them for what they don't know. We're the blessed people. We've heard the words. We got to become the word. But we got to I got to get it in me before I can become anything. Right. But anyway, I just wanted to talk to you a little bit about that this morning. And I hope you all enjoyed it. Got something from it. Wait a minute. Brother Lord, you pulled something out. I don't mean to cut anybody. She said, "If we love, if ye love me, keep my commandments." 1 John 3:6 uh 22, it says, "And whosoever we ask, and whatsoever we ask, we receive of him because we keep his commandments, we do those things that are pleasing in his sight." And this is his commandment that we should believe on the name of the his son, Jesus Christ, love one another as he gave us his commandment. and he that keepeth his commandments dwelleth in him and he in him and hereby we know that we abide that he abide in us and by the spirit which he has given us. You know over here in chapter 5 of first John it says whoever believeth in Jesus Christ is born of God and everyone that loveth him begott loveth him also begotten of him. By this we know that we love the children of God. And when we love God, we keep his commandments. If you read on down through there in verse seven, bottom line, you'll find out that that's where you find out you're a son of God. That's right. And his commandments right there. Amen. And it all starts right there. Believe it on him by his faith. And his commandment is his word. Amen. Bless y'all. Let's go uh listen to the message that God has prepared for us this morning. Right away.
