################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2013-01-04 - 12-0311pm - Family Matters Pt.6 (Role of The Male) - Wade Dale - Wade Dale - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2013-01-04
Title:   12-0311pm - Family Matters Pt.6 (Role of The Male) - Wade Dale
Speaker: Wade Dale
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oCFxoN95imE
========================================

You believe that? Amen. Amen. We have Bas Peggy Giby's going to come and minister for us this afternoon as a song for us. Amen. Amen. [Music] I wasn't there by the shores of [Music] Galilee when Jesus touched those blinded eyes and made them [Music] see. And though I did not see the empty tomb that day, I still believe for I know what Jesus did for me. I believe there is power in the blood of the lamb. I believe there is healing in the touch of his hand. [Music] But the greatest of our miracles was when Jesus saved me. Yes, I know what Jesus did for me. Now I have seen the lowest things in sick soul. Have life a new made pure pure and whole. And I have felt him loose through chains of sins and set my spirit free. Yes, I know what Jesus did. Amen. [Music] I believe there is power in the blood of the lamb. I believe there is healing in the touch of his hand. [Music] But the greatest of all miracles was when Jesus saved me. Yes, I know what Jesus did for me. Oh yes, I know what Jesus did for me. Amen. Amen. Amen. Turn over in that spiral book. Change it. Turn to 49. Amen. It's going to be your name. Number 49. How about we s [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I'll never for amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Good to be back at session. That day will change over. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Well, if you just let that song just Hallelujah. Keep going on and on and you'll break into another dimension. Amen. But we're on this side. We're in the first three. So, he decided to come over here with us. Amen. We don't have to go get him. He's right here. Right. Glory. He's right here in this dimension. I said he decided to be in this dimension. He decided to be here in another form called a bride. Glory. You love the Lord. Amen. Hope you enjoyed this morning. Amen. So did I. By way of announcements, remember also the fellowship meeting next Saturday, Brother Gerald Hughes at 3:30. Uh remember June and I will be leaving on the 23rd of March going to Brother Ron Spencer for the weekend. We'll be driving back on the 26th which will be on Monday. So keep us in your prayers. Also want to kind of stick a little seed in your in your brain, something to think about. J and I are going out to brother Jim Pinson's in May, which will be Memorial Day or Memorial Weekend, which will be the 24th through the 28th. And those are May meetings at brother Pinson. But I'm not preaching them unless he asked them to get out there. But I'm not going to preach. I'm going out there to fellowship with them, have a little time of vacation. I think brother Mark and Brother Donnie have had placed some interest that they'd like to go. So just kind of keep in your mind if you'd like to go, we might caravan it out there. We did it one time. We went to Oklahoma. Brother Danny and Sister Joyce and uh Brother Ray and a bunch of us got together and took the church van and went out there. So if y'all would like to go with us, we're going. We already made our reservations. They got a few places for you to stay, but um we may have a uh we may have a rolling uh ramada in if the brothers take their uh motor home. So just keep that in your mind. We got a little time, but just keep that in your prayers. Also, I was thinking about this the other day in June. remember all the um men on Father's Day. Remember we still going, Lord willing, going to have the Father's Day up in the mountains camping and and fishing. So just keep that in your mind there in June coming up. So we'll just give you kind of a time. I June and I sat down the other day and I said, "Well, we're not going to let anything sneak up on us this year. We're going to take our whole calendar and go all the way to December and kind of write in everything we we have." So, I'm just kind of bringing that to your remembrance cuz sometimes it slips up on you. But 1 Peter chapter 3, we'll begin with the first verse. Let's pray. Dear heavenly father, we pray again Lord that you'd come among us in a special way, Lord. Anoint the eyes and the ears, Lord, and anoint the speaker, Father. take us, Lord, and let us come under your headship, Father, and the headship of the word and let it let it just resonate through our being and and go out to the people, Lord, and be received, Father, as it was given. If that happens, Lord, then we'll have a really good time in you, Lord. We pray that you'd bless the ones that are sick, Lord, the ones that are not with us, ones that are listening in, Lord, be with them and bless them. Bless the missionaries on the foreign field. Be with them. Take care of them, Lord. Give them fruit for their labor, Father. Give them, Lord, strength for their journey. Bless us all and give us strength here, Lord. Take care of us. Lead us and guide us by your Holy Spirit. Let every word be said be said with honesty, with a contrite heart. Be be something that that we would, Lord. Just want to live for you, Father. Daily walking in you. That's what we want to do, Lord. Not not having any condemnation. there in Romans 8. There's therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. Lord, we know we have to walk in the flesh, but we don't have to walk of the flesh. We Lord be separated from this world and Lord truly bring us to a higher calling. Bring us to a calling to where truly if we walk through a or meet people that say, "Wow, that man's different or that sister's different. They're living a different kind of life. They're they're consecrating theirel to God." Father, just be with us and bless us. We praise your great name, the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Chapter 3:1. Likewise, you wives being subject to your own husband, that if any obey not the word, they also may without the word be one by the conversation of the wives. Right. You ever read that before? Yeah. Pretty neat, huh? Didn't say conversation of the husband. Sisters, you're more living example than we are, but we'll get into that later on. While they behold your chasteed or clean conversation coupled with fear and that's not fear of like Adam had fear that's with godly fear that we do something wrong for in front of God whose adorning let it not be that outward adorning of platting the hair or wearing of gold or putting on of apparel but let it be the hidden man of the heart and that which is not corruptible even the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit which is in the sight of God of great price. In other words, God really likes that. Amen. All right. For after this manner in the old time, the holy women also who trusted in God adorned themselves being in subjug obeyed Abraham, calling him Lord, whose daughters ye are, as long as you do well, and are not afraid with any amazement. Likewise, ye husbands, excuse me, dwell with them according to knowledge, giving honor unto the wife as unto the weaker vessel, and as being hes and the original says, joint hes together of the grace of life, that your prayers be not hindered. The Lord add his blessing to the reading the word. You can be seated. We're just going to kind of review just a few minutes from from this morning just for a background. We we remember that we come and and we showed that we're to establish headship. Amen. The male or the man or the husband needs to understand his role so that you can know how to act and react to situations in a marriage. We put that up on the board and brother Joe and him are real gracious. They're actually copying off my notes and we're able to read that and put it on there for you to take off the internet. So it's everything you need. If you have any other questions, you don't even have to call me. just pull it off the internet, right? Cuz it's right there in in black and white. All right. Try not to bring any of my opinions in this into this. Try to just bring it strictly by the word of God. I know we have to make comments, but we want to try to understand what the prophet said about it, what the scripture says about it. Put those two together. And hey, we're under that. We're under that umbrella of eternal life. Cuz that's the eternal word of God. And the prophets the prophet's message that he brought is eternal. All right. So that's what we got. We got this, you know, we got this to be under. But see, so we see that where the headship comes from. Comes from God down to Christ down to the male or the husband and then down to the wife. So we have to we establish the headship or the position this morning that a man is supposed to be obedient to that position. See, we brother talked a lot about the woman having a bad disposition. It's because she's the Bible. Brother Brandham said, you know, she in marriage and divorce. She said ordinary if she wants to be. All right? But he don't say a whole lot about the men. But I'm telling you, you some of us men get a little orary, too. I know, right? But we need to be obedient to the position of headship cuz Christ is not that way to us. He's not that way to us. He is not. No way. As you go through life with your mate, I'm trying to pick my words just right, with your spouse and you act the way you act. God sees that. God knows what his position is. Right. He's the head of all things. Right. Right. He's watching to see what you do. And if we're going on to this adoption stage, what happens during the adoption stage? See, we could preach this way on into adoption cuz your misbehavior, the prophet said, one misbehavior in a church can make the whole church fail. One, one misbehavior. So what we're trying to bring everything and line it up, get it straight in line to where the man, see this is a what? This is called a head stone, right? All right. So, we must have a head Christ and then we're what? Part of the body. Amen. Cuz this is the body. I love that picture. You know, they got a picture of this with Jesus standing in here and here's his body and his head right here. It's a beautiful picture. We don't have it up here. We may have it in a computer, but it's a beautiful picture cuz that's what it is. We're his what? We're his body. We're his body. Your wife is supposed to be your body. Amen. She's supposed to be an extension of you. Glory to God. Think about that a while. But the female or the the the wife should also understand what the male's role is so she can help him. Amen. Don't ever hinder your husband. Yeah. Right. Help him. help him fulfill his role according to God's word. Now, we're going to get into something this afternoon because there was a question came up in between the service, but I just wasn't finished with my sermon yet. It was on down a little bit further in my notes. But the male, the man, the husband is to be ahead of the house. Right. Right. He's supposed to initiate or to what? Have the initiative. Right. To instruct in the principles of something, to start something. All right. And I'm just skimming through my nose. Whatever is needed into this relationship should be started by the male or the husband. His role is to initiate whatever is needed to line up with the word of God. Amen. All right. Line up with the word of God. Not anything else. Not what some what so and so said or this one said. You know, it's kind of like Dave Ramsey says, he said, "You're going to take your broke cousin's opinion over mine." He's a millionaire. Yeah. He said, "But you'll say, well, my cousin said, well, yeah, your cousin's broke, you know, so, you know, so let's don't get our opinions from somewhere else, right?" Prophet's message, five-fold ministry, word of God. That's right. Word of God's our head, right? Filters right down. If we line up with that, we're in perfect order, right? All right. We're in our what position? Ain't that what Ain't that what brother B said. that the bride is out of position. Just paraphrasing. We're out of position. We're out of source. We got this one won't be this and this one won't be that. No, let's men be men, right? Women be women, husbands be husbands, wife be wives, and we'll get a lot further than just thinking we're way up here in this headstone up here and and you know, ready to go home. Maybe we need to get our home straightened out before we can go home. All right. Govern means to rule. Be the Lord. of your home to control, direct or strongly influence the action. You know, the best influence, that's why I made that point at the end. The best influence is a life live. Amen. I can sit here and tell you something all day long. But if you see me doing something contrary, what's the first thing you're going to do? I'm not trusting him anymore. Right? That's the first thing you're going to do. So then whatever else I say afterwards, even though it be true, right? Even though it be true. Right? you're not going to listen cuz you're not what you're afraid because you don't know what's going on. But now when you bring that thing back in line to govern is to control or direct or strongly influence the actions and conduct of others. All right? So man is not to rule with an iron fist but with what? Love and correction. Right? Same way, same way you get on to your wife is how God gets on to you. Amen. So, watch what you're doing. Right. Right. You turn and jump on your wife. God's liable to turn jump on you. Right. Cuz he's saying, "Hey, your wife may be acting the way she's acting because the way you're acting, big boy." Right. So, be careful. Let's watch what we're doing. All right. Initiate and govern. Headship. Keep those three words in mind. And remember at the very end I wrote the male is responsible. Anyone in a leadership role is responsible for those who who are being led. Right. And will answer before God for their role. Right. That's right. Like I said, Jacob did not start having a hallelujah time because remember he called the name of the place Bethl, right? Which is the house of God, right? He said this is a dreadful place, right? It's the place of correction. And it's the place that we come to to get all the the dross out and get all the let let's let let's let let's let let's let let's let let's let let's let let's let let's let let's let let the pastor beat the dross out of us. Let let the teacher come and and help us get in line. All right. Everybody say amen. Right. I'll keep you awake. I'm going to start making you say amen. Or oh me. You can say on me inside all that. Nobody really hear you. But don't say on me out loud at first. All right. Let's start with quote number 12. We'll back up to number 12 and start from there cuz I want to break out a point that I stopped at before I brought the point out. Now, I made the point was that and I was talking about the the brother left brother Clark's church. And I want to back up just a minute on that. But let's read the 12 and 13 and then I'll tell you exactly why I made the statement because I think maybe even when brother Clark said it that he kind of confused a few people or maybe we got confused oursel. I'll kind of I'll really clear it up for you in just a second. If I seen a man come in here with long hair hanging down his back like a woman, I'd say, "Mister, why don't you go to the barber shop?" You look like a woman. See, but men usually don't do that. In other words, he said, "Men usually don't have long hair." Yeah. See, not as man now, not as the infallibility of man. They're just as guilty as a woman. And by the way, a man that'll let his wife do that, what? Cut her hair. He's guilty double of it, right? cuz he's supposed to be the one that has to say so in the house. And that man can't even rule his own house. How could he do it in the house of God? Scroll all the way up. I'm not scolding you to be mean. I'm only so happy for you. I just don't want Satan to get a foot anywhere. He's talking about his people at his church in between there is what he's talking about at the same time. Don't ever let no man deceive you by some enchantments or something another like that or something saying, "Oh, well, it don't see." In other words, he's saying it don't matter. That's the way Satan interpreted the word to Eve. See, you believe just the words, what the word says. All right. Now, let's go to 13. Listen here. The man is a ruler. Don't you think you can rule the house? You're not the ruler of the house. Talking about the women. You're absolutely. You're not a slave now, but you're a helpmate. And Adam, the man has to rule over his wife, and he's responsible. There's that word, responsible solely for his wife. God makes a man answer for his wife. Now, read and see if God says that. In other words, that's so, right? All right. Now, let's go to the next. This is where I want to clear something up. In the story that Claude was telling, I'm over here. In the story that Claude was telling, y'all are reading and cheating. In the story that Claude was telling, brother Claude was telling was That the male that the male Why you sitting on front row? He usually sit back. My helpmate's not here. Your helpmate's not. You got it. Okay. So, he's on front row and I'm helping him. He waiting to go to sleep. I kick his boot. Y'all don't see that. Thank you. Anyway, I lost my thought. All right. Brother Claude. Brother CL. Thank you. Brother Claude was telling a story about the man going to this other church with his wife. Well, now the story that nobody knows behind all that is this brother's been in every doctrine in the world. The husband knows that. See, he's wrong. See, the wife, he needs to take his wife and go back to brother Claude, which I believe he's preaching the truth. Okay? So, that way he follows. But now if if if I were him, I'd say, "Okay, you go ahead and go over there where you're going. I'm staying here." Cuz see, when God is becomes the ruler over if you step out from under the word of God and you go to a church that don't preach the truth and your wife goes to one that does preach the truth, she's all right. You're the one that's wrong. Right? If you leave a church that's preaching the word of God and if you don't know the difference, you need to be in an altar. Amen. Amen. One more time. If you don't know the difference, you need to be in the altar. All right. Sorry, that's strong, but that's true. We got to know that. We know that. We know in this day and hour where we stand. Our position is where God put us. But you got to believe that. Amen. All right. Amen. Amen. So the sister is fine going to a church that that preaches a truth. But if the man knows the man's not preaching the truth and he goes there anyway, he's in trouble. And he's doubly in trouble because he's bringing his wife with him. He needs to say, "Honey, you stay over there. I'm going over here where this truth is." See, that way what we're going to read now is be careful because if he says this, the man right here says you've got to go with me. But if that's not the truth, she can come over here and Christ becomes her head. She goes to where the word is. Amen. Is that agreed? Amen. Let's listen. God is still a her ruler above man. This is my comment. Be careful how you men use this role of ruler. Without Christ in our heart, this headship role can be misused and even abusive. Men should do nothing harmful or hurtful. Do not be a dictator. Right? Remember, the woman is required to be under subjection to the husband as long as he does not go against God's word. Right. That's important. As long as he does not go against God's word. All right. Quote number 14, please. Questions and answers. Brother Brandon, the Bible tells us that a a wife should obey her husband. I'm a Christian and my husband is a sinner. He persecutes me in every way that he can. and for me not to go to church and read my Bible and denies the word. What should I do? What should you do? Now listen, you're supposed to obey your husband. He's setting it in order. Yeah. He can't say any different than what the word says. He can't say any different what God's already said. But watch what he does, Brother Brown. Watch what he does. What should you do? Now listen, you're supposed to obey your husband. That's the word. Yeah. No stipulations. You're supposed to obey your husband. Now, if he tells you and refuses you to read the Bible, go to church or something like that, you don't have to obey that, right? Mhm. You've come from here to here. He's still your husband. He's still your ruler. You decided to marry the guy or the girl, right? Why didn't you give me a hands on that? Yeah. But you did. You're stuck with them. Supposed to be. Okay. Now, if he tells you and refuses to read the Bible, go to church or something like that, you don't have to obey that because he that will won't forsake father, mother, he's quoting scripture. Remember Jesus said, "Who will do this?" Who will forsake father, mother, husband, wife, or whatever it is, and follow me is not worthy of mine. Brother Claude made a statement other time, the other day. We were reading this right here or quote just like it. He said, "You know, Brother Brandon can paraphrase scripture and everybody don't have a problem with it. But you can paraphrase a quote." Yeah. And they'll crucify you. Yeah. But brother can paraphrase scripture, you know. But you paraphrase a quote, anybody, they'll crucify you. I mean, geez. Come on, people. Good grief. We got to be the quote. Amen. Now, look. No, don't. a man or supposed you're not a man's not supposed to use that authority over a woman just because he's her ruler. Right. Amen. God is her ruler above you, brethren. See, and if your wife is doing something wrong, then don't then you got a right to tell her she's supposed to listen to you. But you haven't got no right to beat her or drag her around or do those things. No, sir. You see, God made man a helpmate, not a doormat. Right? Remember, she's your sweetheart. See, he she she should always be that, right? Watch. He never wavers to what the scripture says. Amen. But he brings and shows that if if if that man is right here, you're supposed to obey your husband. That's the word, right? But now here comes the greatest part. Now, if he tells you and refuses you, you move over here and Christ is your head. Right. That's right. Now, that doesn't say you can't divorce him. You can, but you got to live single. I mean, he can divorce you, but you can't divorce him. Women, we'll get into that. We're not going to get in marriage and divorce. But remember, he can put you away for doing certain things. But you can never put a man away. Right? All right. You can separate from him or whatever you want to do, but you cannot divorce. Right? Amen. A female cannot divorce. Right? Hey, guys, how are we going to divorce the creator? Right? Yeah. Amen. How do you divorce something greater than you? Right? You can't do that. Right. But but men, we can divorce our wives if they don't, you know, if they do wrong things like fornication and and adultery and stuff like that. You can't put away and marry another one if if she just don't uh, you know, go to church with you. I don't think you can do that. Pray with her. Be with her. I mean, just be a I don't know. Be a husband. Thank you. Oh, I forgot. Brother Al gave me something between services. Him and sister Anna didn't make it to church, so he gave me some rocks to throw at him. Robbie, you better duck. You know what? At least he's honest. He said, "We set our clock wrong." He said, "Here, throw them at me." He gave me some stones to throw. But look, I that Well, that's what I was thinking about. Don't throw stones at her because like daddy said, Jesus could could throw the first stone because he was without sin. But he didn't see what happened. He wasn't a witness. Right? The Old Testament said you had to be a witness. You had to visually see it. All right. But now you take it over in a spiritual though and you see though if you even look on a woman to lust after in your mind, heart, then you've already done it. Therefore, you can cast a stone. Yeah, you can. You got to have somewhere that's right. Right. Right. Jesus was right. He was just going by the Old Testament scripture when the prostitute came, you know, and they throw her down. But he said, "Who who has no sin cast the first stone?" We got to come to a place. We got to come to a place that we can cast a stone. Exactly. The stone's got to be cast at somebody. Right. Somebody asked me one time, said, "Well, you know, they stone people in the Old Testament." And I was telling them how the Old Testament was compared to the New Testament because we were trying to explain something about the woman's dress and all that. And he said, "Well, the Old Testament," he said, "It kind of changed." He said, "Where you got stoning now in the New, you know, now like now today?" I said, "Don't worry. The Bible says over in Revelation that stones would fall, right? That's right. As big as 90 lbs." And I said, "There's your stoning." God's just waiting and giving us grace, right, to get forgiveness before the stones do start falling. Cuz he's fixing to stone this world. He's going to send some stones down on the world. But remember, you and I are going to be gone. So, we don't have to worry about that. All right. Now, go to quote 15. This one's a good one. Questions and answers. But Paul said that as long as a unbelieving husband has an unbelieving or a believing wife or so forth, let the believing wife remain with the believing husband as long as it's not contrary now to God. If he's pleased to dwell with her, go ahead, honey. If you want to go to church, that's right. But I ain't going to go. I don't believe in it. Don't have nothing to do with it. But you go ahead. That's all right. But when he says you can't do it now, there's a different thing, right? You're not bound to that. Then you separate everything for God. Glory. So there's your I mean that's the whole thing right there, right? You're bound to him. He can say, "Honey, you go right ahead." But when he says you can't do it, there's the difference, right? He said there's a different thing. What's the thing? headship, right? It's a different headship. You're bound not bound to that. So, you're not bound under the headship of your husband. You're bound. It says you separate everything for God. So, God becomes your head or Christ becomes your head. All right. All right. Now, as Christ is the head of the church, let's go to Ephesians 5. For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church, and he is the savior of the Bible. We read this before, but let's look at it again. For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is head of the church, and he is the savior of the body. Amen. All right. Now, look, the man's leadership, this is not I didn't put this up here, but I just wrote this in. The man's leadership is to be as Christ leads his bride. Glory. Christ headship is sacrificial and as a servant. Amen. We got this thing all twisted up. All right, we got this thing all twisted up. All right. You say, "Hey, ship, put somebody on that pedestal and worship them." The man's leadership is to be as Christ leads the bride. How did he lead the bride? He gave his life for us. He was very sacrificial. Right? And he was in service for who? The people that were there. Not all of them. For you and I. Glory. All right. Christ's headship is sacrificial. And as a servant, listen. pure in motive and love. Remember I said motive and objective. When Jesus came to the earth, he had a motive and an objective to get a bride and to form her into his image. Right. Right. All right. That's what he came for. So same way, look at me and you. 1 Peter 3:7. Likewise, you husbands dwell with them who your wives according to knowledge. In other words, just like that. That's what I said. Know what your leadership role is. know what your position is. Amen. Giving honor unto your wife. There's no better thing than than salvation. We'll read it in a minute. That that God give you except your wife. As unto the weaker vessel and as in being heirs together of the grace of light. Truly, folks, that your prayers be not hindered. Cuz I believe our prayers are being hindered by certain things that we do. All right. the male or the husband must understand the woman's weaknesses and dwell according to knowledge of that weakness going into this whole thing if you're a Christian see going into this whole thing God knew we would be the weaker vessel cuz we have sin right right so God knows that and he made provision for that he didn't kick his wife out did he No. If he did, he kicks me and you out. That's right. God can't destroy me and you because of Christ. Right. Right. Amen. Right. Just like Abraham and Sarah. Exactly. Just like Adam and Eve. God cannot destroy you because he sees Christ. And that ain't two people. He sees the position that Christ had. He sees the blood. He has to see that because if not, we're all guilty, right? So, we must understand a woman's weakness and dwell with that weakness. We know it's there. We're going to dwell with it. But we're going to do it according to knowledge, according to understanding that she's a weaker vessel. Understanding. Listen to quote number 16. Christ praises his own Ephesians. He talks about I know thy works and thy labor and thy patience and how thou cast not bear them which are evil. Thou hast tried them which say they are apostles and are not and hast found them liars and hath borne and hath patience and for my name's sake hath labored and has not fainted. How beautifully the savior praises and commends his children. He takes full account of their fine spiritual attitude and behavior. Let's plug in husband cuz he's talking about the bride in the church or I mean Christ in the church. But you men, this is what you the women should be saying. Watch. He takes full account of their fine spiritual attitude and behavior. He knows that there is weakness among them. Christ knows that. But as yet he does not cry out against it. Isn't that just like the Lord? He knows how to encourage us in the right matters and discourage us in the wrong matters. We could all learn a good lesson right here in running the church and our family. Amen. And better still, we can all learn a good lesson in that God deals with each one of us in exactly this way. Exactly this way. Don't ever be discouraged, saint of God. For God is not ungracious to forget your labors of love. Whatever we do, even giving a cup of cold water to someone, has a reward and blessing from the Lord. Amen. So, I love that when I saw that, that was so neat because you're Christ knows our weakness. So, we must know that the female is going to be the wicker vessel. Yeah. She's going to be trapped into things. She's going to be She's going to be wrong sometimes. Oh, Lord, that hurt. Sister's grown. Yeah. But the men are too, right? We're the weaker vessel toward God. Right. Right. Exactly. We got to we we got to answer to God. Amen. You got to answer women to wives to us. No, cuz we got to answer for you. Right. Right. We got to answer for your act. We got to answer for your action. You don't ever have to stand for my action. Right. June doesn't have to stand for my action. But I got to stand for what she does. Same way with what Christ did. Christ came and stood for our stupidity. Glory to God. For our sins. He stood for our mistake. Right? He stood for all those things for us. So how are we supposed to do with our spouse? Same way. If not, if we call down judgment, guess what God does? He calls down judgment. As you love your wife, so you supposed to love Christ or Christ loved you unconditionally. Anyway, all right. Let's go to uh let's go back to the next. I think it's 1 Peter 3:7. Likewise, you husbands, dwell with them according to knowledge. We're going to keep reading this accord. Dwell with them. Dwell means to live, be there. You don't dwell in a motel. You dwell in a house and that's where your spouse is. All right? You dwell with them according to knowledge. Other words, what I'm saying is it's not like a motel where you go in, you find one, you get you another, you go in, you get you another. No, the world does that. No, you dwell with this. It's to death do we part. dwell with them according to knowledge, giving honor unto the wife as unto the weaker vessel, as being hes together of the grace of life. I want to live with my life, my wife for an eternity. Amen. You don't want to live with yours for an eternity. I don't know. I don't know, guys. Sometimes we get oursel in messes and we got to get oursel out. But come on, people. I'd like to go back and start over again, but it wouldn't be me. Same way with you. Wouldn't be you. Exactly. I would love to live pure and and been just a, you know, like a a priest or a monk. But you know what? That ain't me. That ain't what that's what that's not what God wanted either. He wants you to be you. Be an individual. All right. Let's go to We're at honor and respect there. Go to Proverbs 31. Who can find a virtuous woman for her prices far above rubies? A virtuous woman. A woman full of virtue. That's not just being a virgin. That's being a virtuous woman. Amen. A woman that has her virtue with her for her price is far above rubies. Proverbs 12:4. A virtuous woman is a crown. I want you to pay attention to this a minute. This just struck me just now. Where is the crown and where is she? Yeah. All right. Right. A virtuous woman is a crown to her husband. Right. Yeah. But she that maketh a shame is what? As rottness in his bones. But a virtuous woman is right up here. Yeah. Crown honor. Because you honor your husband, he is to what? Bring you up. What does Christ do? Leave us down? He didn't leave us alone? Oh, right. No, he wants us to come up to where? Right here. He don't want us to stay down here. He wants us to come here, up, raise us up, sitting in heavenly places. But a virtuous woman is a crown to her husband. In other words, it has a crowning effect. I've seen some women that crowned a couple of men a couple of times, but It wasn't like that. But I'm going to tell you something. Honestly, I saw a woman. I never seen a man or woman fight before until I was in Gainesville not too long ago. About a year, yeah, a year or so ago. We were coming in town, stopped at the traffic light, and they were in this big like Cadillac. In other words, the the back window was this big. And he was on this side, and she was on that side, and there wasn't a lot of room in between. I'm not going to tell you anything about that, but they were rather big. And anyway, they stopped this and I just saw him, you know, and I'm behind him, right behind him, and they're going like this. I see the and she and he he takes his hand, he goes and he hits her in the face and old head flopped over like that. And I thought, man, if you do that one more time, I'm either going to dial 911 or I'm going to get out of the car and I'm going to find out what's going on. But buddy, it didn't take two seconds. When she got her wits about her, she come with both hands. Buddy, she was beating that poor old boy. And I thought, man, I need to come and help you. But that's a true story because, man, she she took her, she was laying like this, you know, she's sitting like this and he hit her and she did like that and she hit him upside the head and his whole head went out the window almost. And I thought, "No, she don't need any help. You doing just fine." But see, that's the world. We see it all the time. Y'all see it. We see it all the time. You just work with case workers and and worked with people in the world that it's an ungodly thing what men and women do to both to each other. The worst fight I ever saw was between two women cuz baby, they'll pull the hair, they'll take their fingernails, and they'll try to poke your eyeballs out. But see, that's the bad part. But what about coming over to the virtuous part, the clean part? The part where where if we do have a little argument, it's not going to laugh and I'm going to end up like that. I hope. No, it's going to be done with what? Meekness and fear. Just like we were talking about with the fear of the Lord that we pray and we sit down and talk to our spouse. A virtuous woman is a crown to her husband, but she that maketh ashamed is rottness in his bones. All right, let's go to number quote number 17. So, but now a good woman is a jewel in a man's crown. She should be honored. My see my she my mother's a woman my wife is and they're lovely and I've got thousands of Christian sisters who I highly respect but if they can respect what God made them see but if if they can respect what God made them Yeah. See there's your respect but your respect is right here as being the weaker vessel. Your respect is being the the mother or a real queen. The respect of what God made them a motherhood and a real queen. That's all right. She's one of the best things that God could give a man was a wife. Besides salvation, a wife is the best thing if she is a good wife. But if she isn't, Solomon said, "A good woman is a jewel in a man's crown, but an orary one or no good one is water in his blood." And that's right. It's the worst thing can happen. So a good woman, if you've got a good wife, brother, you ought to respect her with the highest. Not a doormat, floor mat. Uh-uh. Amen. No. help me. Somebody that helps you or enhances you. That's right. You should do that. A real woman. And children, if you've got a real mother that stays home and tries to take care of you, keep your clothes clean, send you to school, teach you about Jesus, you should honor that sweet old mother with all that's in you. You should respect that woman. Yes, sir. Because she's a real mother. Honor and respect. Yeah. So what we're doing now is is we still see the headship the way it is between husband and wife, right? She's a weaker vessel. But what are we what are we just reading? How that man and God is taking the woman through the scripture and pulling her up to a position closer, right? Crown, jewels, all those things. If if you got a good one, then you're not going to look down on her and say, "Hey, you're you're dogm." Yeah. You're not going to look down and say, "Hey, you know, first one thing another like we've learned in the message that um the woman's just to be barefoot and pregnant and shut up and all that stuff." That's that ain't got a place in and I mean you can take that in the modern world or, you know, even here. A woman's not supposed to teach or preach in the church in the here. Yeah. Amen. But you live your life so much that what we were talking about in first Peter, you live your life without saying a word, you can condemn more people than we can ever condemn behind this pullpit. Right. Right. Exactly. That's right. That's right. Just by walking through Walmart, right? Just by walking through your daily life, you condemn every devil that passes by you. you condemn every one of them cuz they're going to turn one day and say, "Well, well, we didn't see you, Lord. We didn't see what you were talking about." He's going to take and turn that TV screen on and he's going to show your sisters walking by, right? And it's going to show that they thought in their mind, "What in the world kind of dress is that?" Well, you know what? That's a walking Bible. Bible. Yeah. That's the walking Bible, right? Walking right by. Exactly. Right. Now, as men should be the same way. We just don't do it outwardly like the scriptures say. But in conversation, we'll get into that. In conversation, we're to change people. Amen. Conversation. M man m man m man m man m man m man m man m man m man m man matter of conversation. All right. One toward another. Now look, go back to 1 Peter 3:7. Let's look at being hes together cuz that's part of the scripture. Likewise, you husbands, dwell with them according to knowledge, giving honor unto the wife. You know, truly if a if a a wife is in her position and a and a husband is in his position, you don't have to remind each other every day that that's the position you're in. Right. Right. If you got to remind that person there's something wrong with you first, there's something wrong with you first. Right. You got to remind each other every day. Hey, you remember you read that scripture. I didn't put that up on the, you know, I could have put that in the kitchen where June could see it every day. Yeah. No, I want that or try to, right? I want that right there. I don't need that to be posted, you know, above the the kitchen uh table there where my wife can read it. No. She knows the scripture. She knows that scripture anyway, but we put it up there enough, talked about it enough. But dwell with him according to knowledge, giving honor unto the wife, right? As unto the weaker vessel, and as being hes together of the grace of life, that your prayers be not hindered. Let's go to Romans 8 cuz the Bible talks about us being hes and joint airs. Well, let's look. Let's look at this part. The spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. 17. Did you not put 17 on there? You missed one. There you go. And if children then hes of God. Now, it's not differentiating male from female here, right? Talking about all Christians, right? All this is the adoption. Remember the first stage of adoption when we're born again. And if children then hes of God and women, y'all don't get as much as we do. That's not what this says. Nope. It says joint hes, right? Equal. Amen. With Christ. If so be that we suffer with him that we may be what? Glorified together. That's you and your wife, right? Amen. Glorified together. You and your spouse, your wife. There's no selfishness in this. There's no dictatorship. Let's look at quote number 18. The problem I see I'm over here. The problem I see is a is selfishness. Right. You got selfishness. Yhuh. Me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me way. Y I thought you're supposed to honor the woman as the weaker vessel. Right. Honor the woman as the weaker vessel. Right. It didn't say honor me. No, but in that scripture, it says between the lines, if you'll honor her, you'll get honor back. Amen. Right. Exactly. All right. Oh, I'm sorry. I misqued the scripture. No, I read between the lines. That's a revelation. Paul said it's a mystery. Yeah. A woman should what? Be subjected to a man. And you women that take another man in your arms, you've marred the mold that you were taken from. Remember that. When you act like a man, you're out of your place. And when man begin to get too and babying and this and that and the other. What? Uh-uh. Me w Give me my bottle. He's out of his place. He's the boss. He's the ruler. Not now. I don't mean a floor mat. I just said a ruler, a helpmate. Not to kick the women around. They're not. But the Bible says God said in creation, you shall rule. He you shall rule over you. Not to be a boss, but to be a helpmate. Part of you. She's sweet and kind and tender. All right, that's what we're knowing about this weakness, right? She's meek, sweet, kind, and tender. You should lead her around sweetly. Amen. Because she's part of you. Glory. Cuz remember folks, like we said several services before, you hurt her or she hurts you. Remember, Brother Ram said your heart was like a ball of oil. And when you ever crack that, it'll heal back, but there'll always be a scar there. So don't ever don't ever fuss and fight. You should lead her around sweetly because she's part of you. You go to mistreating her, then you're mistreating yourself. Amen. And a man mentally right won't do that. Right. Right. A man mentally right won't do that. You won't what? Mistreat yourself. Right. Amen. Why? Cuz you love yourself. But you're supposed to love her as you love yourself, right? But not be selfish. Selfish is a bad thing that goes on. I read it to you before in the first part of this when we started that that when you get two together. When you start doing the I I, me, me thing, it starts going separate. Separation. When you get down to it, just like I said, and we'll leave read it in just a minute, it's living for others. Yeah, that's right. Right. It's you living for your wife. Amen. You living for your wife. I'll read it to you in just a second. Now, let's go to Hebrews 13:7. [Music] How are we going to rule? Just by what James Dawson did or what so and so and so and so said. No, I think we ought to take the scripture. Remember them which have the rule over you who have spoken unto you the what? Word of God. Whose faith follow considering the end of their conversation. What's the next scripture? Hebrews 13:8. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Our head right is Jesus Christ. But remember them which have the rule over you. Men, you remember who have the rule over you. Sisters, remember who you have the who has the rule over you. Who have spoken unto you the word of God. There's the key. That's how you rule. Right? Whose faith follows. In other words, we got to get the word of God right. Right. Whose faith follows considering the end of their conversation. In other words, considering the end of your life, right? Not just one conversation, right? Your whole conversation. Consider the end of their conversation. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Let's look at number 19. Quote. I really appreciate brother Joe and him doing this and it's going to be on there for you to pull off, right? Um that so you don't have to look for all these quotes. But man, I give them the quotes in all different orders and they do they sitting here and do it. I really appreciate them for doing it and doing this for me here. So, anyhow, but oh my, it's all right. But you little weakling man, I'm ashamed of you as Christian brothers. Well, let your wife do such a thing as that. He's talking about cutting hair and painting the face cuz he's he's preaching on painting face Jezebel that will let your wife do such a thing as that. It shows that you what you're made out of. That's right. Now, women, you ought to say amen after fussing at you like that cuz he's the ruler. That's right. And the way he let you live, it's his fault. Yeah. God's going to hold him responsible for it. That's right. If you ain't man enough to take up and put your own house in order, God be merciful to you. I'm reading a quote from the prophet. This is not my words. That's right. Cuz the Bible said in the very beginning that he shall rule over thee. Now, she's not a doormat now. She's your sweetheart. See, but you should sit down. Look, listen to this. You should sit down and talk to her. It don't say scream at her. Talk to her. Reason it with her and tell her and read the Bible and pray together. These things wouldn't be in the church then if you done that. All right. He's talking about the pain in the face Jezebel sitting in front of you is who he's talking about down wherever he was preaching today. All right. Now, let's go to number 20. Questions and answers. And you who claim to be a son of God, where's your principles? If a woman ain't out of her place, if the woman ain't out of her place, aren't you a son of God? Aren't you the one that's a higher stronger vessel? As the Bible says, she's weaker. Then, if she's weaker, then show yourself a man of God. Tell her, say, "Sister, you're in the wrong." That's right. I've done it and other Christians has done it and you'll always do it as long as you're a Christian. But show yourself. In other words, show yourself first. Yeah. Don't live a hound dog life and expect your wife to respect you. You're a son of God. You have more power over yourself than the woman does. If she is weaker, recognize her to be weaker. understand her mistakes and things like that and try to correct her. Say, "Sister, we are Christians. Shouldn't do that." See, be a real man. Be a son of God and watch the women. He's talking about the fall. He said, "If you're a son of God, be strong. Be a real man. If you're not that way, stay at the altar altar until you become that and shun the very appearance right of evil." All right, that's ruling by the word. Now, let's go into the next one. a servant leader. This is where it gets good cuz this is bringing down. I just got a few more quotes left and then we're going to make a few comments. A wood, I'll go ahead and make this announcement. Musicians need to stay uh after the service to practice with Sister Rachel and the children. They're going to sing a song um for the fellowship meeting. And then also uh brother Joe and and myself and brother Bob and sister Aster and and brother Richard are going to practice a song too. So if you musicians would stay just for a little while longer. All right. But we're not going to be long on this. A servant leader living for others. Ephesians 5. Husbands love your wife even as Christ also loved the church and what gave himself for it. Right? Who wouldn't give your life for your natural wife? And a man say, "Amen." Amen. Jeez. Come on, people. Amen. I give my life for my wife in a second. Split second. That wasn't hard for me to to realize. Let's go to Philippians 2. Now listen to this. Let nothing be done through strife or vain glory, but in loneliness of mind, let each esteem other better than themselves. Look not every man on his own things, but every man also in the things of others. In other words, be a steward, be a leader. Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus. Who being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God, but made he made himself of no reputation, and took upon him the form of a what? Servant. And was made in the likeness of men. Amen. Servant. Look at that. Let's read that. Leave that up there a second. Let nothing be done through strive for vain glory. and loneliness of mind. Loneliness of mine. Let each esteem other better than themselves. Cuz see, I know my wife's position. She knows her position, but I don't. You say, "Well, you know your position. You're not going to say nothing." No, you give them some accolades. You tell them esteem them better than my own self. I'd rather give her the the the best and me have the best. I've seen people in the message, they walk around with $300 suits and the wife look like they cut it out of a um flower sack. Wait, what? Flower sack. Flower sack. I was going to say a rice bag, but a flower sack. The same thing. I mean, I've seen it. I've seen women, you know, that walk around in the message like this, all beat down. No. Are we supposed to be beat down according to Christ? I thought we supposed to be happy. That's right. Full happy. Amen. Look not every man on his own things, but in other words, take care of things. take care of people, but every man also the things of others. That's not being busy bodies, and that's not gossiping. Let's let every man on let look not every man on his own things, but every man also on the things of others. In other words, you're being a servant. Let this mind be in you. Boy, look where they stuck that scripture right in the middle of all that. Right? Let this mind be in you. What? The mind that says all this, right? The mind that says all this, who being in the form of God, thought not robbery to be equal with God. Hello, that's you and I also. But made himself of no reputation, took upon the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men. Money, women, and popularity, guys, we know that's what's the killer for us, right? Yeah. Money, women, and popularity. What is popularity? Putting yourself way up here, right? Not good, huh? It's like they said in the scripture, don't come in and sit on the front row. But sit on the back row and let God put you on the front row. Okay. But that's true. That's what scripture says, right? Don't I mean, in other words, don't come in and, you know, like Daddy said, you know, come in and say, "I'm the preacher. I don't want no smoking section." Yeah. No. Uh-uh. Sometimes I don't even like the word preacher. Yeah. Right. I just don't I I don't You know, you get introduced as a minister and sometimes I cringe. Not because of the life I live, but what they think of what other preachers do. Cuz they just lump you all in one in the world. They say you're a preacher. You know, it's what the what they said about the money makers in the world. All starts with peas. Prostitutes, preachers, and what's the other one? And politicians. Yeah. And Yeah. So, let's get away from that. Yeah. Let's just be servants. I'm here to serve you. You know, dad many times he stayed in his study and studied and didn't come out and play ball with us. He he sacrificed a lot of things. I don't mind that now. I didn't like it then, but I didn't I don't mind it now. I don't because you know what he was doing? I didn't see his purpose behind it. I didn't. But his purpose and motive was to what? Feed you. Cuz you were the ones that was listening to him. All right. Same way with each one of us. It's a sacrifice. You say, "Well, preacher, man, he don't have to do anything. and he can get up when he want to on Monday and it it's a lot more to it than that. But let me tell you something. Just doing these two services on Sunday, it's a killer to me. It's tough. Real tough. And I'm tired on Sunday night. Real tired on Sunday night. But a servant leader living for others. Don't go to 21. Quote number 21. That day on Calvary. He was just one man, the perfect man. He gave his life and he made an example for you. Now what must we do? Now the first thing I want to say is Jesus never lived for himself. His life was spent for others. That's perfectly eternal life. Amen. When you say you go to church and you do good things, that's fine. But when you live your life to yourself, you have an eternal life. Eternal life is living for others. Amen. It proved it when it come to the lamb of God. He lived and had eternal life because he did not live for himself. He lived for others. And you receive eternal life by receiving that day. What? That day on Calvary. That what happened to Calvary. And you don't live for yourself no more. Why? Cuz you're dead. You're dead. You live for others. Right. Right. Someone said, "How can you stand and let anybody call you such bad names? You don't live for yourself. You live for others that you might redeem that man. You become sons. And the trouble of it is the church has forgotten they were sons. You are sons. You're taking Christ's place. You are sons. So don't live for yourself. Live for others. Well, brother Brandham, I can live for this brother because he's sure a nice guy. Oh yeah. That's not it. Living for that man who hates you. Live for that person who'd kill you if they could. That's what they done to him, right? They killed him and he died that he might save them. That's eternal life. When you get that's in your bosom, you're facing heaven then. But you sacrifice your own things, give them up like sheep gives it wool, you look on towards Calvary. Now take that aspect or what's going on and apply it to your life with your wife and even your children. We're not going to get into the children part, but even just to your wife, you're supposed to do these things. All right, let's go to the next one. Influence. And we as Christians should always watch what we do and what we say that we're perfectly honest to every man. And you if you can't be honest with your fellow man, you certainly won't be honest with God. So how we serve God is we serve each other. Right? As honest as I would be with you, that's as honest as I'll be with God. And that's the same way with you to me. You must be honest with each other in all of our dealing. So that covers everything, right? Just like I talked about this morning about the monies and all that stuff. You got to be what? Honest with each other in all your dealing. No crooked deals. How many times, brother, I'm talking about people making crooked deals and somebody is watching you, right? Yep. And you may not think that, but there is eyes watching you and your life is influencing somebody. Maybe it's a little child and that child could grow up and be another Finny or Moody or so forth. We don't know. But your life is influencing someone. And the first person it should influence is your wife, right? Cuz she's the closest thing to you. All right? Is that true? Say amen. Amen. All right. Let's go to 1 Corinthians 7. But he that is married carth for the things that are of the world, how he may please his wife. Now, I stuck this one in because you can read in Corinthians, Paul said, if you can who if you live single, then you care for the for the Lord. And it would be good to do that. But we're not made for that, right? He said, "If you can stay that way." Paul did, but most people couldn't, right? Cuz it's better to marry than to burn. I'll continue and continue on. But he that is married care for the things that are in the world, not the world. But the things to help please his wife. In other words, spend some attention to her. He gives his wife some attention. But look, you say, "Well, that's taking away tension attention from God." Is it? If your wife's a godly woman and you're helping her, even if she's not a godly woman, if you're trying to help her, you're not denying God, right? You're not you're not it's not worthless. You're trying to what? Portray God to the person. Not how he may please his wife and her be. No, he wants his wife to have the good things. He He's a servant. He wants his wife to have good things. You ought to always want your wife to have good things. Amen. Deuteronomy 24:5. When a man hath taken a new wife, I like this one. He shall not go out to war, neither shall he be charged with any business. That's right. But he shall be free for a home one year, and shall cheer up his wife, which he has taken. Now, according to some sisters that their wife, I mean, that their husband has retired, nobody in this church. That's not true. cuz she's about ready to kill him. But you know, you live apart, you go and do your, you know, you go to work for 40 years or 30 years and the sisters that live at home, the house is real quiet. You don't have to do anything. If you want to stay in bed till 10, 11:00, no problem. But buddy, let me that used to get up at 5 or 6:00 in the morning, sometimes 4:30. Let me retire. Jim's not sleeping until 10 11:00. She's getting up with me. And the house won't be quiet. I promise you that. So there's so there's some adapting that you have to make. So some of you sisters that your husbands are getting ready to retire. Boy said he didn't want to retire in 5 years. And that's a wonderful thing to do. Um just happy as a lark for him. But you know what? Janet is going to have to learn to put up with you. But if you take a whole year off, you can cheer each other up. Right. But now, how you going to fund that? I don't know. But that's just something to put in there. But now look, there's a meaning to this though. You know why? Because God knows that the good foundation that you start carries on through your life. So he would take his the the people in he they see they didn't have the Holy Ghost as an indwelling spirit to lead them, right? They were led by Aaron and Moses and all those what they were telling them what to do. So what God's saying he's doing said, "Hey, look, we're not going to let this guy worry about any business. We're not going to send him out to war." Yeah. We're going to let him take a year off, be with his wife, get to know her. Get to know her and and you know, possibly get together and and you know, you might have a kid within a year, but do but to cheer up his wife, which he had taken. God thought so much of that in the Old Testament, he gave him a whole year to to do it. So, see that's not I mean it's something to to laugh about, but it's really it's what God done to knowing that we're human. That's right. Knowing that that and you and I the foundation you start off with, you know, as well as I do in marriage, you start off on a rocky foundation. There's only one thing that can turn you back. That's God. That's right. That's finding God or finding him again or something. Come back to that foundation. And you know what it would be? Just it like daddy said about preaching that that that and let everybody realize you didn't have a new birth. At least you know where you at. At least you know you weren't deceived. Right? Same way with marriage. If you start off on the wrong foot, do it today. Do it tomorrow. I don't care. But get together with your wife and say, "Look, we started this thing wrong." And a lot of us did cuz we weren't born again. We weren't Christian. Had a rocky start. had a lot of things that were that that went wrong and and did a lot of things that we shouldn't have done, but come back and say, "Hey, one year, let's live for God like we've never lived for him before. Let's try and let's see how cheerful the wife and the husband is. But come together and say, "Let's pray about it. Let's just let's just clear the slate. Whatever happened back past is gone, right? Sure. Satan's going to give it to you in the brain." Sure. But that's his ground that he can play on. But he can only play, right? That's all he can do. He can only play. He cannot get in there and reside if you got the new birth. He can come and play, but he's got to leave. Right. All right. But see how cheerful y'all can live together. Some of you that are that are nearly married and some of you have been married a long time. You know, there's a good time to come and rededicate your life. And and at the end of this thing, we if daddy want to, he can ask y'all if anybody wants to redo their vows. Maybe you can all come up and redo your vows. Be fine with me cuz you and I have done it before and uh I'm happy with my wife because we got things straight 10 or 12 years ago. It ain't been a bed of roses, but you know what we done? We started where we supposed to started in God. That's where we started. You can't redeem the time. You can't go back, right? But you can say, "Hey, from this day forward, honey, I'm going to live as clean to you as I can. I'm going to be the best head of this family that I can." And sisters, you turn and say, say, "I know my role now." And and and she's going to look at you and say, "Now, I know your role." Because of what I've been preaching, you should know the role that your husband has. And then you should subject yourself to that, right? If it's the right role. Okay. Amen. Amen. but living for others. Now, let's go to one more. No, two more. Nourish and cherish. Listen to Ephesians 5:28. Show all men to love their wives as their own bodies. Remember what he brother Brandham says. What you do to your wife, that's what you do to yourself. He that loveth his wife loveth himself. And that's the truth. And it's not loving yourself like some, I don't know, somebody that's uh cocky or whatever. You know, it's a circle. You love your wife, that love's going to come right back. You love your wife as you love yourself. For no man ever yet hated his own flesh, but nourisheth and cherishes it, even as the Lord did the church. Now, the word cherish. Did y'all put that on there? Y. Maybe they didn't. There. Well, they did. Cherish to treasure or value greatly. Amen. Let's go to number 23. Lifting them out of history. They go to church on Sunday morning for their religion for about 20 minutes. Mr. Pastor takes 30 minutes. He's called on the board. What is it? Home life is running out. It used to be that father and mother loved and honored and cherished one another. And when she was old and gray and wrinkled up and her poor little old face all drawed up and her glasses hanging down over her nose, Pop loved her just as much as he did when she was young and pretty. Amen. Amen. But today, I don't mean to be critical, but when she gets a little old, he just swaps her for a new model. It seems to be that way, like swapping cars or something. Seems like that that real family love don't exist anymore. Just something has happened. Home life is running out. You know why? Because it's become a selfish generation. I, I, me, me, it's all about me. Home life is running out. We don't have the old American home as we used to have it long ago. There's another thing that I would like to say that is another thing running out is friendship is running out. It don't seem like we have the friends that we used to have. And the friends that we have are not loyal friends like they used to be. It used to be I can remember when someone got sick in the neighborhood that everybody came around and they helped them with all their work and lended a hand to anything could be done. Set up with them all night at a time. And as I've often said, it's true that we hardly know the neighbor's dad until we see it in the paper. That's right. Friendship. I just kind of added that one in for a little. Nourish. We're supposed to cherish and nourish. Nourish is to nurture or you see all these things the word helps. Yeah. All these definitions is somewhere in there is the word help. What you're helping someone. Nourish or help along is to nurture or help along. Let's go to Colossians 2. and not holding the head from which all the body by joints and bands have what? Nourishment ministered and knit together increasth with the increase of God. All the body by joints and bands. What he's talking about the body having nourishment ministered and knit together increasing with the increase of God. I think a lot of times people in the message think, well, all the brothers are in the body of Christ and the sisters are just there for the ride. No, sisters, you're just as part of much of the body as the moving parts of the body as anybody is. as any as a mean male. All right. So now sec 1 Timothy 5 verse 8. But if any provide not for his own look look at this. But if any provide not for his own and especially for those of his own house, he hath denied the faith. And it's worse. You know what an infidel is? Yeah. don't believe in God. Unbeliever. He's worse than an unbeliever. But if any I'm reading scripture, but if any provideth not for his own and especially for those of his own house, he hath denied the faith and is worse than an infidel. All right. Now, what are we supposed to be? The last thing, this is this is going to, you know, kind of knock it home right here. What are we supposed to be? A watchman. Amen. That's why we're elevated to the position that we are so we can watch over you. God puts you in that position, right? If you're a husband, God put you in that position. If you're a pastor, teacher, evangelist, God put you in those positions. But a watchman, son of man, I have made thee a watchman unto the house of Israel. Therefore, hear the word at my mouth and give them warning from me. What did a watchman do? He was on the tallest tower he could see. Let's go to uh quote number 24. Listen to this. I know that poverty sming churches. There it is again. See him walking up and down in the midst of his church like a father. He is looking down upon his family. He is the head of his household. He is the provider. He is the protector. Yet he looks on at their poverty. Oh, how the untutoed believer stumbles at this. How can God bear to look upon his own in a time of need, not just stop it all, just give in and lavish everything material upon them? In other words, you hear what he's saying. They're saying the untiever says, "Why isn't God doing something?" Cuz he says, "I know the property, but he's supposed to." He said, "Well, you're looking over them upon his own in a time of need and not just stop it all." In other words, why don't you just give in and lavish everything upon them? Yeah, we'd be spoiled. We'd be a bunch of brats. Right. Right. We're supposed to grow up. Little heartache and trial. That's what makes a strong person. Right. All right. Number 25 is the last quote. Watchman, what of the night? What? The watchman. What was the duties of the watchman in the Old Testament? The watchman was the man that went up to a tower on the city way high. He was higher than all the footmen because it was his what? Position. He found his place. It was his position, right? He didn't wonder tomorrow. Now, get this. Get the application to this. He didn't wonder if he was a watchman. They put him there because of his eyes. Now, in order for this man to get up there, he must have a good, clear pair of eyes, understanding. He must have good eyes, must be alert. He must know the stars. Many qualifications had to be before he could be a correct watchman. But when he become a correct watchman, hang on just a second. Look at me. When he become a correct watchman, they didn't have to wake him up the next day and say, "Are you going to be a watchman?" No. He didn't wonder what his position was, right? Until they fired him. Let's just say in human terms, until they fired him. Yeah. He knew to get up every night, go get on the tower, look for the enemy, watch out over his people. Same way with you and I. Sometimes we shun our responsibility. We shun our position. This is why I wanted to do this so we can see the correct position. That's why I wanted this to be the last thing. And many qualifications had to be before he could be a correct watchman. And I'm afraid today that we put some watchmen in that could that can't see very far. Oh, couldn't see all this disaster that's coming to warn the people. Then unqualified, a watchman would soon have the city destroyed because the entire city depended right on that watchman. Amen. Your entire family depends on you the male. Amen. You the husband. The entire family depends upon you to be the head. So, what do we got? Just a second. Let's just if you want to look over them again, you can when the notes come up. Don't Don't put any more up. Headship is established. Number one, you got to be a leader, men. Number two, you got to be the initiator or take the initiative. Number three, you got to be able to govern your own home. Number four, you got to remember that God is still the ruler. Number five, honor and respect your spouse. Number six, rule by the word. Number seven, be a servant leader. A servant leader. Yeah, that I don't that we need to spend a whole service on that. A servant leader. Whether you're feeling good or not shouldn't have anything to do with it, right? You're the servant. and your spouse, your wife or your husband. We'll get on to the to the to the female or the wife in in a little while, but you need each other. You need support. You don't need to be beat down. This world and the devil beats you down enough. Oh yeah. So you don't need to get it from the nearest person to you besides God. Amen. Is your spouse. So you don't need it from them. You don't need it. You don't need, like I said, you don't need that little Chihuahua napping at the at the u at your ankles. That Chihuahua is not going to kill you, but he's going to aggravate the hound out of you for a long time. Amen. All right. So, let's not have that kind of an attitude. And then the last part was nourish and cherish. And the very last one is be a watchman. You've been given brothers, you've been given a position, right? And you took it when you married your spouse. Amen. You took that position and said, "I will honor and serve you." She said, "I will honor and serve you till death do us part." So, this is not some 30-year mortgage. No, that's right. This is lifetime payments. All right. This is lifetime stuff. It's the stuff we do until eternity breaks forth. And then, like brother Brandham said, remember when we said that hatred had a beginning? filio love. All that all that had a beginning, right? But when we go back to that great agape love, glory, that never had a beginning and he said it'll never have an end, right? So, we just drop down into time, have a little bit of of time down here to what? Display God. That's what we're doing. What do you think we're doing down here? We're down here to display God. To show the devil that we can live y in this world. Amen. And be a Christian. Right. Amen. I'm telling you, like I said before, let's cowboy up, man. If you're doing stuff wrong, stop it, right? Shun the very appearance of evil. Be when you walk into a room that the guy says, "Hey, I don't quite believe in your religion, but I know you're different." Amen. Cuz they're not going to see it all all of a sudden. Right? You know, it takes a little while, but what brings them is a life. It's a life. The life is what pulls. The life is what brings us to to a place to where we say, "If God can do it for that person, I know he can do it for me." Amen. If God can do it for that person, I know he can do it for me. Because God's not a respector of person. That's right. God will treat you just like he treats the next person, right? If you'll allow that to happen. Problem is, we don't allow it to happen. We get too much I, I, me, me. That's another thing, man. I want you one more time. We are a servant leader, right? We lead by example. We don't buy our way into this. Money will last only for so long. Right. Right. Gifts are good only so long. I found out one thing for sure. My wife doesn't like flowers, so I don't buy her any. Okay. Solved. I know that she don't like them. So why go buy them? I do get her. She loves chocolate. So she gets a big chocolate kiss for Valentine's Day and not a dozen roses because they what? They wither and go away. Chocolate stays with you the whole time. Praise the Lord. Anyhow, let's have a good time with the Lord. Let's stand. You love the Lord. We got to live in this human body before we get out of here. That's right. We got to respect the body that we're in and respect the body that God give you called a wife. Amen. Respect that woman. Respect that sister. Respect any sister. Brother said, "A Holy Ghost fil woman can teach you something." Glory. Right. Why? Cuz she's God made manifest in another form. She's just got her what? Position. Let's look at position. Positionally placed is what the prophet said is our problem. We're in we're in our wrong position. So, what are we going to do? Get in our right position. Right, brother D. Let's sing something. 87 red book. How much? 87. 87 in red book. Let's sing a song. We need a piano player in yours. Yeah. That's your position, sister. Sunday afternoon to be there. Amen. Amen. I want us to make a commitment. Amen. Be the watchman. Be the watchman that can see further, right? That can see danger coming before your spouse does because that's what our role in life is. That's what our role even in the gospel is. You know what our the role of a preacher in the gospel is? is to see something coming. A pastor should see something coming before it even gets in the congregation. He sees the little things and he sees that. When he does it, he cuts that thing off. He starts screaming, "Hey, we got trouble coming." What? You can see the cloud. If a cloud's coming, you see a You think, well, that's horses that And on those horses, they're not just out for a joy ride. There's somebody on that horse is doing what? Wanting to kill us. So, we send what? We send the troops out before they even come in to get into our our family and our home. So let's shine the very watchman over your house and we walk with the Lord in the way. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Oh, in the Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Heat up here. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] away. Remember Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
