################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2013-01-04 - 11-0731am - Chosen In Him Pt.1 - Samuel Dale - Samuel Dale.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2013-01-04
Title:   11-0731am - Chosen In Him Pt.1 - Samuel Dale
Speaker: Samuel Dale
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeJviJTB_Hw
========================================

Let's turn over 214 in book. I'm here for a blessing today, aren't you? The windows of heaven are open. All you got to do is receive it. [Music] The windows of heaven are open. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. That's why Amen. I believe going to change over the service. It's all stand number 28 in the black notebook. Open the eyes of my heart. Oh yeah. Heat. Yeah. [Music] [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. [Applause] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I want to see. Do you? Amen. You want to see him? Amen. So, you just look into his word. That's right. You'll find it. Amen. Good to see everybody in the house of the Lord. If you like turning your scriptures, turn where we've been reading from our favorite scripture, Ephesians 1. Had read that probably one whole service. Ephesians 1. Good to see everybody in the house of the Lord. Remember to pray for all of the children today and for Wade and Jun and him for you know coming back home Anna from the youth camp there brother Burley. So keep those in mind uh that the Lord would be with him and to remember now uh they have the new book number six of the Jorgensson book. Now you can also get these in MP3s on some of it. Okay everybody understand you can get it that way or you can get the books to read. So, but we've got to know what to order. So, then you'll have to write me a note, gift it to Lisa. We'll have to get it together. If you want them, you know, from to get these on the new ones. I already finished mine. I know me and my wife has cuz brother uh Anderson them gave it to us the other day and it's really good. I enjoyed it and I really, you know, appreciate it what they're trying to do and what they said. So, but if you want it, make sure we leave this laying here where that we'll make sure to announce it again. But we got to get it together, you know, and to send it in at one time and then we can get it back as a lump sum. If not, then you'll have to get your address part and get it yourself. So, just remember that. Remember, the Bible study will be the this coming Saturday, the Lord willing. The topics are what we're on. This one will just be strictly questions. Whatever you have, it won't be an assigned part. It'll be strictly uh questions, something that you have in on your heart and we'll take them as far as we can how many times we have to and we'll we'll do it that way. So, just remember that. And also remember that brother Quinn will be here with us uh preaching for the weekend and all this upcoming weekend. Remember that and be much in prayer for him and all. All right. Uh my wife wants me to make sure to thank all of you for your prayers and and everything and your visits, your cards, your calls, your your things that you brought, flowers and things. But she really appreciates it. We just appreciate it from the bottom of her heart of all of you and especially the prayers cuz that's the main thing. And they've cleared her up, okay, on the heart. They've cleared her up on the upper part of her stomach and you know, no bleeding ulcers in that part. So now they have a few more tests to run, but all they're running is turning out to be okay. Uh they have figured out part of it is the deterioration in her back of the degenerative uh plain old thing of saying arthritis in your back and all. So you know just keep her in your prayers, keep praying for her that the Lord would would uh you know bring her through all of this and everything will be okay. All right. Any other announcements? I generally forget. I try to write them down where I can remember it. But uh if not, then we'll try to do it. But turn if you will to Ephesians 1. Father, we thank you for this day. We thank you for the day and the hour that we're living upon the earth. We thank you for you, Lord, because we know one thing for sure. Without you, there is no hopes in any of us whatsoever. That's right. Our dependency is upon you. And we ask you to just guide us and direct us in understanding, Lord. open our understanding to thy word because that's what we've been talking about and as we go along the way that you would speak to us as you did with the disciples that day and open our understanding and Lord but that still did not give them the new birth. It did not give them eternal life because you opened their understanding but the day of Pentecost came you revealed the word that you had opened unto them and that brought eternal life. We love you and we thank you. have your way now and guide us in Jesus name. Amen. Ephesians one. I told you I'd get back to preach on this scripture eventually. You know, when we started using it on the predestinations and things, I told you I'd get back to this and I wanted to preach on it. So, you know, we'll start verse three. Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who have blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ, according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy without blame before him in love, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will, to the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted and the beloved. You may be seated. The Lord had his blessing to the reading of the word. If if some of you brothers would pass these now, if I had all the notes that I've looked over on this, you would be getting about 40 pages this morning. But uh now what I want to do if I can I say it if I can I want to go through uh this morning and kind of just give you a a little layout of what we're talking about. And you know it may be a series of services in this. I don't know because I don't go I just go dayto day to see what the Lord speaks to me to bring out. And along in the about the middle of the service series that I was in about on predestination and things like that, the Lord opened up something to me that had always been kind of a sticker, I guess you call it, uh thing that I could not completely understand. All right? And then when he did, it opened unto me to where that I could speak on it. And I want to try to do that to you. But I want to just try to, you know, not read a lot this morning, but maybe depend on the fact that you know the message and then we will come back this afternoon if necessary and we will use a lot of the quotes that brother Brown has said on this topic and then you know maybe the the internet people can get a better understanding. So, I'm just asking you out there if you will. If you don't understand what I'm talking about, please just listen to another service or so. And you know, I would do that with you. And that's all I've asked instead of just cutting off and saying, "Well, he's wrong. He's in another group. That's this group over here. That's so and so believes that." Well, it might be all right. I don't know what so and so believes. I just go by what I believe and I just tell you what I believe cuz what somebody else believes is their business. But I kind of want to do it that way and just kind of speak on it and then, you know, back up and if necessary, um, you know, do a, uh, a lot of the quotes and things. But if you would while we're going along in the message today, if you see what you think is a question in your mind, you know, we'll write it down and you know, and uh even give it to them in between services today and you know, whatever or keep it and we will then have maybe the Lord willing uh Wednesday or something, we might even have total questions and answers relating to this subject. But what we're going to talk about is chosen in Him. That will be the title and you know for uh a couple of messages I'm sure. But now we've been reading this from Ephesians for quite some time. And as I said, I told you that I would try to come back and I wanted to speak on Ephesians 1 and and try to get a little understanding about it. All right. Now we've been talking about and using Ephesians 1 how we did you know the adoption and the predestination and the things and uh then we've come we came over and we studied in Romans 8 now about the uh you know three stages of adoption in other words your new birth the receiving Jesus Christ as a new birth and that's dealing with that verse chapter 8 now verse like 14-1 17 were that we become hes and joint hes and that new birth that you received that we must receive the new birth to make us the children of God and then we will understand something this this morning that's going to go in that that will bring into view I hope an understanding of why brother Brandham would would come forth and state and say that you always was eternal Right. All right. I'm hoping that will give this will give us a better understanding of that. But I believe that you must receive the new birth. Right. You must receive eternal life. Amen. And that is stage one of the adoption which is the identification of a child of God. And we preached upon that for quite a while. you know that uh even in comparison that on the river Jordan there the Lord Jesus received the baptism of the Holy Ghost not because he had to as a new birth but to be able to bring forth the fullness of the godhead bodily into the point of where that he would uh the anointing for his ministry etc. All right, we covered the anointing. We've covered the things of trying to to get it. This is for somebody that clicks in on internet and doesn't hear, you know, and they say, "What in the world are they talking about? Back up and listen. If you don't want to back up and listen, forget it." All right. But see, then we went over to covering stage one. And then we went to stage two about verse 18- 21 of Romans 8 to where that we were talking about the authority that the children of God is is expected to come to are the hear ye him that Jesus came to on the mount of transfiguration and that would come out to be here ye him you know and your name on the checkbook etc etc. All right. And then in that we were talking about the I'm in a hurry. So I'm trying to lay a background to say something in a minute. But so you should know it here especially that we covered through that stage that it's a manifestation of the sons of God that the world is waiting on. And the word manifest is to make known. See to make known. you you you go down to a store and and you order something and they'll give you a manifest or a piece of paper that declares on that piece of paper what is you're supposed to be getting. And that's more or less called a manifest, you know. All right. But in a scriptural sense, it's to make known, right? All right. See, then we covered for weeks and weeks about how that we must make him known. Yes, sir. And then he'll make us known. See, we make him known by the preaching of the gospel and then he he'll make us known by signs and wonders, you know. So then everybody gets into that. Oh, we just don't see nothing. Well, I wonder where you would be if you was back before. So that's all right. Just go on. But I'm just trying to get it to a place to where we can understand. See, I all I've tried to do is to and I realize that no man can reveal God. Jesus Christ was the only one that could come and reveal or make him manifest known to word that you could see God. All right? See, then we can't do it as human beings. But the new birth, the new birth that comes within us, see, and the anointing, the teaching, the inside, and then the the teaching outwardly to work that we can make him known. And remember what we were talking about in there in in Luke where that the disciples on the road to Emmas that Jesus opened their understanding of the scriptures and then drops on down that was the two drops on down a little bit in the scriptures and meets with the other disciples and he opens their understanding of the scriptures. All right. But see that didn't give them the new birth as I was praying right? They had to wait till Pentecost. Pentecost quickened what Jesus opened. Right? Amen. Now, so we ought to realize that no man can teach us anything. So what we do is we depend upon the fivefold ministry to bring us the message to break it down to word that we can understand God, you know, through the the gifts that they have and the speaking. And I'll get to it. You notice in the message after a while you'll click on to something that you'll see that those gifts are predestinated eternally eternally. Right. I said the gifts. I didn't say the person. That's right. I didn't say the person. So now you click off to see you go by what I say and you'll be all right. I won't have no trouble with you. But see then the gifts and callings of God are what? Without repentance. Oh, I thought you repented and finally done nothing. No, no, it's without. I think I have it in here. If not, I've got it in the office there where brother and said, "If I quit today, don't never preach another sermon. Go sit down beside the river." Right. That's what he said. That's right. He said, "I'm still saved." Amen. But he said, "I do it because I love God and want to do it." Right? All right. Cuz that's gifts. All right. But now watch that after a while when we tie together the message. Would you understand what we're saying then? All the ministries to do in the last days, the five-fold ministry is to open our understanding. And that doesn't do away with the women teaching the women and the the children and the things. I listen to the children. I listen to you talking, you know, because I believe God can use you to speak to me. All right? And see, just because you're a ministry said, "Well, I ain't listen to nobody." Well, then you're not a five-fold ministry in in God. You're not called of God. Forget it. I mean, you already have enough sense to realize that. But you don't. So, and that won't change nothing. That's all right. See, I'm not trying to win the world. I'm trying to win those that will hear the word and for them to listen and realize this is what it is, you know, and get an understanding. All right, that's stage two. See, that's in the basis of of the stage two, which is the authority. And in that stage we found out that there is where the headstone comes to adopt the individual into the body of Christ is in stage two our manifestation the sons and daughters of God. The headstone would come and unite then with the individual and that is your adoption. I believe that was brother Ram's adoption when the head united with the body and there he was in Arizona and and it united he came back and proved it by showing what God had revealed to him. You say I believe it's over here. Well, don't worry about it. We all believe he was adopted. All right. So you if you have somewhere to put it and you got his words come and show me. All right. But now listen. Then we come to the place of the third stage of adoption which is verse 23 of Romans 8 says to whit to understand the redemption of the body. Right? All right. Now see then in this life we need to be more concerned with the understanding of the redemption you know the plan of redemption than we do in the point of being changed because that will be in a moment a twinkle of an eye that'll take place but if we don't get the message planted into our hearts correctly. Amen. How can God quicken it? You say, "Well, brother Dale, I've read the message for 40 years." Amen. But what has God revealed to you? Right? That's all I'mma ask. As I always told you, I wish I had revealed in my heart what I've got in my head. My head is like a computer. You know, it can remember and do and all like this, but my heart is where God reveals it at. You don't receive the new birth in your brain. Although, we do need a baptizing of the Holy Ghost in the brain. And I wish God would do that because it would cleanse out a lot of problems we have. But that doesn't work. All right. So then to go on with the rest of it. See? All right. And see then to with to understand the redemption of the body. See, in other words, something has got to come forth in the last days. Amen. And give us an understanding. You say, "Well, we have the message." Well, that's right. I agree with you. We have the message. You understand? But has it been revealed? That's right. Now, you remember how we kept going over it and over it that if the message is not preached pure and unadulterated from man's ideas, how can God quicken it? That's right. He would be quickening hybrid word or hybrid doings. That would be denominationalism. And that won't work. Well, brother Dale, you understand everything. I didn't say that. What has been revealed to me, I understand. Yes. That's right. What has been revealed, made known, made alive in me, I understand. And I don't worry about anybody trying to take it away from me because that it's a revelation. And if it's not a revelation, you can get it away from me easily by out arguing me. Right? But I'm not going to argue with you anyway. I'm just going to go on down the road. But if you come to talk to me about it, make sure you got the message to talk about, right? Not what you think. What we think ain't worth two cents. But do you understand now the background that in verse 23 it says that we would come to a place that where there would be an understanding of the redemption of the body would come into view because automatically then brother Brandon when he covered it he covered the seals he said this is the complete plan of redemption. All right. Was for what? Body, spirit, soul, world, right? Amen. Everything was the complete plan of redemption brought in the message of the hour. Now watch this and you in a minute when I say something when your computer clicks, just uncclick it. Your brain, in other words, just uncclick it and remember what I'm saying. We don't do not believe in another messenger to come to straighten out brother Random's message. We don't need that. is perfect. All right. Now, he made his mistakes in like the white horse rider and the things. There's mistakes in speech, dates, times, seasons maybe. But the message of the hour is perfect. All right. I believe that now. But we can get our own thoughts in there and when we do, then we pervert the message. And how can God quicken it? Yeah. How could it have been quickened on the day of Pentecost to those disciples that Jesus had raised? See, if he hadn't raised, see, you understand? See, it it's the word's got to be preached pure and unadulterated. That's the only thing I've ever contended for is to earnestly contend for the faith that was once delivered. See the revelation that was delivered to the saints and delivered to the see we built on the foundation apostles and prophets which would be the whole Bible. Amen. And brother Ram never come to give us another Bible. He come to tell us this Bible was right. And to give us the right understanding of it. He opened our understanding to the scriptures. He couldn't reveal it. He could just open our understanding. Jesus opened their understanding. He couldn't reveal it. He opened their understanding. They went to Pentecost with that understanding. What was quickened? That understanding. That's right. That's why they was only 120. Even though the Bible said he was seen of 500, he calls them brethren, which probably means they later became Christian or or why else would it call them brethren. See, but yet they didn't go to the upper room. Why? They had a doubt. They had a thought. They had something wrong. Amen. But the 120 in the upper room might have had problems sitting there and thought they ought to get up and go do things, but they was with one accord on one thing. He said the Holy Ghost would come. That's right. And we're going to stay and wait. All right. Now, trying to get on with it. See, then we covered in one of the last messages on speaking that the head and body would unite in the last days to bring the message. All right. Now, as I just got through saying, we're not looking for another prophet. We're not looking for another message. Amen. We're looking for this message that we've received to be revealed, which will be the revelation that's contained in the Bible. Right? People will hold up a Bible and they'll say, "This is the Bible." They'll hold up quotes from the prophet. They'll say, "This is the revelation." Amen. Well, now, how can that be when both of them are letters on a page, right? All right. See, why not just hold this one up, the Bible? Yes. And say, "This is the revelation." Cuz it is. It is. But it was sealed away from us. Right. Right. Yes. Not only was it sealed away by seven seals, that would be the end time mysteries, it was sealed away to you and I until we receive the new birth. Right? Because the Bible says no man can call Jesus the Christ except what? By the new birth. All right? Cuz you got to have the inside teacher. Okay? So, now we're getting to the point that I want to just lay something down now and watch it. And and I tried this on my wife yesterday. She had no uh you know, she was having problems with her has with sleeping and things and some of the medication makes her sleepy. And I was thinking about while I was doing it, Brother Ram, you remember he said one day that that he got so tickled to death about something he saw. I believe it was about grace. Now I think it's right. But anyhow, he said that he woke me up and he said he preached to her for about an hour and a half and he said she was graceful enough sit there and listen. Well, my wife came in to study yesterday and I don't have any notes written on some of this message whatsoever. I refuse to write it down. But she came in and and I thought, well, I'll I'll try her out on it and see how it works. Well, she had problems staying awake and she, you know, that was all right. But that's what I thought. I thought, well, this is maybe this is working the same way. But I tried it out on her for about an hour and a half or an hour or something on the message to see what she thought about it and she made the correct answer. So, you know, we we go from that. Uh but and she started off and I'll get to that in a minute. She started off with it when I asked her a question, she answered it exactly to where that I have been stood I have stood for 40ome years and I'm going to go ahead and say it that I believe that's basically where most of you are standing on this point that I want to get to in a minute. All right. Now, and and there's nothing wrong with it cuz it's right. But things are it's time for us to as Aaron was bringing out there Wednesday. I thoroughly enjoyed his message. And he was bringing out that, you know, that the Corinthians couldn't stand the word too good, but the Ephesians could stand strong meat. Well, I think it's about time the Lulians could still word can, you know, stand some strong meat and and and after all of these years, you should realize that I'm not trying to to bring some doctrinal issue or something to pop up and make something out of myself or cuz it's done too late for all of that. We're we're done here in the end. Uh it's in him. All right. So, we're not expecting then something different to come, you know. And it's not some secret code secret coded things. You know, they they say now that they've broken some of the codes of the Bible and they could do this, they can do that, and they can prove this. That's all right. I don't understand it. But I'm not worried about the codes. I'm worried about the revelation. Right? And see in that, you know, we're not looking for another message to come or another messenger. But for this message to unfold, yes, unto us. Yes. That's why to me in let's see, I got it written somewhere in here. 1 Corinthians 15:52 say, "At the life's trump for the trumpet shall sound." I remember trying to preach that about 40 years ago and got in trouble. I probably will again, but it's all right. The at the last trump for the trumpet should sound. Why would the scripture say that? Well, it's just state that's going on. No, to me, it's saying it to give us understanding that out of all that the Bible is written, out of all the things that is brought forth by the prophet of God, I believe that there must be a personal revelation. Amen. Revealed to you and I as individuals about what that Bible has said, what the prophet has said. That's all I've ever tried to do. See, then at the last trump, for the trumpet shall sound. All right. Brother R said the last trumpet, life seal, life's angel's message, all the same and sounds at the same time. So, we're not looking for something else. We're going into the message to make sure that we understand. We have the message. See, uh, let me say it like this. Uh, it'll be this afternoon's message. How many times have you noticed that brother Brown said that you never sought God? He said, you never sought God. You never sought God. Said, cuz the Bible says that no man sought God. Ain't no scripture. He gone. There ain't no scripture says no man sought God. Look it up. It's not there. Time to use that. You got to you got to get the prophet what he's saying. Then you can get into it. Realize what Jesus was saying. You know, but there's no scripture that says no man saw God. If there is, come show me at the surface. I'll give you my computer to look it up with. You know, I'm not making that as sarcastic. I'm making as a point, right? We have a message that that messenger told us what the Bible was saying. Right. And and and in that he would say that the the the ends and the butts is in the right place of the Bible of the King James. Then he'd turn around and he'd say, "Now, this shouldn't have been a lie. It should have been the lie. said what is that other one uh won't hinder he said see it should have said prevent or whatever which was there in the scriptures you know see he's giving us the understanding he's opening our understanding we don't have to have another version of the Bible when maybe some of the other versions would have said that but he's telling us what it's saying so then we don't we can go back to him and say brother Random What does this mean? Hey, and I know people, you know, you going to go home, grab your Bible, and you going to start searching. I know it's in there. Like my wife told me, she said when we were reading the Bible years ago, she said, "The Bible says that that you won't be able to tell the difference in the season except from the shedding of the leaves and the bud of the trees." She said, "The Bible says it." I said, "Bible don't say it, honey." Well, I've been told it said it. I said, "Yeah, don't say it." See, I said, "Because the shedding of the leaves and the butting of the trees is the change of the weather." You know, that is the change is what causes those things. You heard it said that every tub will set on its own bottom. People swear by that. That's not in the Bible. You say, "Well, okay. Hey, come and show me now because I'm just honest. I'm just telling you, you won't find it. You know, better said to put your seed in the belly of the than it is to put it on the ground. Now, show me a Bible. I know the illustration, right? I know where the guy died for the situation. But the Bible don't say that cuz it'd be justifying prostitution. So, you see, we we get all tied up and we think, now that's what I saying a moment ago. If we don't show it down pure and unadulterated, we've got them little thoughts in there, right? Well, it's okay to be a prostitute cuz the Bible says better to sew or to go out and live with a prostitute cuz it says it's better put your seed in the belly of a That's not in the Bible. See, we swear by these. Mama told me, Brother Ray, he and I get into a lot about this cuz he'll come to me and ask me. He say, "So and so said so and so that brother Brown said." I said, "I can't find it." That's right. He said, "Well, I can't either." Well, every who heard it now heard it were their ears, but they didn't, you know, get it exactly right. All right, let's move on. Forget it. See, not a new message. That's right. Not a different message. But this message revealed what was the difference now between what the disciples had when Jesus opened their understanding. Are you listening? He opened their understanding. And I gave you, we went through the scriptures there. Read right down below where in Luke where it says that he opened their understanding. It tells you what he opened. Back up above there, it says he opened their understanding of the two disciples. Read what it says. He opened. He opened their understanding that he was going to die. You know, had to die. That he had to pay the price. That he would have to come back and salvation would be in his name. That's what he he didn't open the entire Bible. He just opened their understanding of that part. See, brother Random came to open our understanding of the entire Bible in the end time. That don't mean I understand it all. Oh, but that means he brought it unto us. All right. See, then we get to that place. See, we're not then we're not looking for another message, but something has got to come out of this message. As I said, what was the difference between what the disciples had their understanding open? Most everybody called that the new birth. Most everybody calls that a revelation. Come on. You're out there on the internet. You know what I'm saying? True. Your preacher is messing. You think that's a that's a revelation. Why did he have to go open it up there in the book of Acts? He opened their understanding in the book of Acts. The Holy Ghost did of who Jesus was. Uh who was it? Uh Paul, what's his name? Apollos. He was preaching about Jesus being raised and died for the people, etc., etc., Peter, one of them came in contact with him. See, then the scriptures would open it up and he could receive the Holy Ghost. Right. See, what we need is a new birth to reveal to us what has been open to us. As I said, or Roberts University has the books to take. They could tell you everything. They have the computer. They could tell you everything right around said on a topic. That's true. But you know for sure that if they did, they'd have to leave that place. Now, follow me. So then with all that behind, see then when I get to it in a minute, then you going your brain will go. So just remember your brain's supposed to be cleaned of all that of you thinking brother Dale's going to try to come up with something different. Amen. All right. So let's go to what brother Brown had to say about it. See, cuz this is what we've already covered over and over, but I want to make sure you understand. See, cuz this is the background. If I just get the background this morning, I don't worry about it. I've quoted this to you, give it to you for many, many services where brother Brown said, "On Christ the mystery of God revealed, page 76, the kingdom of God is within you." And said the Bible, Jesus, the kingdom, we are not a denomination. We belong to a kingdom. And the kingdom is the word of God made spirit and life in your own life. Now, there's the answer. This kingdom is the revealed word. Amen. That's all what all Jesus is preaching of the kingdom. The kingdom. The kingdom. The kingdom. What is it? The revealed work. Praise. Amen. All right. It's not houses and buildings and apartments to live in. All right. See what is it? And the kingdom is a word of God made spirit and life in your own life, in our own life. That's right. Bringing to pass every promise in this day as it did in that day when the word and God was one. and the word and God is one in his church today. Amen. Now this is 63728 which is after the opening of the seals. Right? Okay. Listen to it. And the word and God is one in his church today, making it the headship of the body that is redeemed to bring the message in the last day and be taken up from the dead in the resurrection to go back and to restore against Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. All right. [Music] Now the headship see the revealed word is the headship. Right. Right. True. And it's to what? Headship of the body that is redeemed to bring the message. Now what's he talking about? Well, he's just talking about his message. Well, now he's saying that it's in the church, right? All right. His message is in the church, right? All right, we're going. We're fine. But this is after the seals broke. So he's talking about something to take place that is to bring something in the future. Right. Right. To bring the message in the last days and be taken up from the dead in the resurrection. Right. All right, look at the next one. It's the rise of the sun preached 1965 4:18 way after the seals broke. He's talking about Christ and the sheath wave and all the coming down. So the waving of the sheath. What was the sheath? The first one that come to maturity. The first one that proved it was a wheat that proved it was a sheath. Hallelujah. I'm sure you see what I'm talking about. It was waved over the people. And the first time there will come forth for the bride age. The first time there will come forth for the bright age, for a resurrection out of dark denominationalism will be a message that the fully maturity of the word has turned back again in its full power and been waved over the people by the same signs and wonders that he did back there. Now we know for sure brother is not the sheath wave. We don't cover him as a sheath wave here because that's where everybody wants to bring. They think that's the great revelation that they see brother around as a sheath wave. Right. No. And but he was waved. That's right. He was the first one to come to maturity. Amen. Cuz he brought the message. But Jesus is the sheep wave. Amen. But he brought the message and he could be waved over us. Come on. But he's talking about something here that will bring us out. the message that the full maturity of the word and has turned back again its full power. Right. That he's talking about something to be brought forth. That's right. That's why it's the rising of the sun. Amen. Proving his word 1965426. We've got to have a message sweep back and bring the people out of these denominational conditions back to the original genuine Pentecostal faith. And we're seeing it done. Listen, it's fulfilling of a scripture that has to come to pass. Did you read that one? It's a fulfilling of a scripture. Now once again, all scripture must be fulfilled. So there's a scripture related to this. I believe I gave it to you. Out of the last trump, you know, the last trumpet shall sound. See, not another message. It's revealing of God's word in the bride of Jesus Christ. Okay, look at union, the bride of Christ. pre 1965 11:25 and he's explaining coming down you know to elect lady notice this character when you see women just go on the rampage just doing anything they want to do watch the church is doing the same thing see notice but watch when the spiritual bride when she begins to have a revival now everybody body says revival's over and we agree to the world there will never be another revival. The next revival will be the 144,000 in the tribulation. That's right. There's not another revival to the Gentiles. We agree. But watch it. Watch what he's saying now. Where did he ever do away with a revival for the bride? I've been having revival ever since I come in this message. Amen. In the past few years, I'm really into revival. Amen, Lord. That's right. Amen. Because you don't revive a sinner. That's right. Revival never was to get a was to revive a sinner. You can't revive a sinner. Revival was to get the people lined up, right? And the sinner start living right and acting right and doing right and repenting and they come and they want to repent, too. That's right. But look what he's saying. But watch when the spiritual bride, when she begins to have a revival, when she begins to come back and line herself up with the word of God. Amen. Watch then again. Now, this could not have been back there where the four the seals broke. And you say, "Well, that's what that was." Watch it. You see how that the scriptures at that D at that time there will be a message sweep out to catch that bride catch that woman elect for as the world see Satan's deceiver and all like that who deceive the first by sinning God by misbelieving his word I'm looking for a revival but I'm in the revival you remember the welts man standing there you know with his keys slinging around around of revival. He said, "You're looking at it, right?" But see, we think revival means dead, raised, sick, healed, uh, manifestation, sinner, repentant, etc. Why can't we have a personal revival over the opening of this message, right? Amen. Come on. What's the problem? Then when people do see the fire burning, they will come. Because, let me quote brother Random. I didn't bring it, but let me quote him again. He said, "I don't know how many will be saved in that life moment." That's right. To rapture the church. Is that a quote? Amen. Thank you, Jesus. What are you expecting, brother? I thought one day you said redemption is over when you ain't never heard me say nothing like that. Where'd you get it? Your prophet said he didn't know how many to be saved in that last moment. Right. You said well saved means now you going to go ahead and try to explain every bit of it. See that's where our trouble is. When something is said our minds run our computer and we got quote quote quotes run across the screen in front of our brain and we just and never listening. Did you notice what he said proving his word? He said it's fulfilling of a scripture that has to come to pass here. He just said that the scripture tells you at that time there'll sweep out a message. me. I've always looked for that and long for a group of people to be able to just settle down and listen to the word. You don't want to sign them under 100, brother Dale. I'm not concerned about that because Satan can impersonate every bit of it, but he cannot impersonate that word. Amen. He can't be the Holy Ghost, so I ain't going to worry about it. And he can't bring the word pure and unadulterated. That's right. It can't be done. See? See? Then I wrote it like this. See? See what I'm talking about? Truly, this message is not a new message, but the message that has been brought to us, revealed or fulfilled. Mhm. The fully matured word we read. Seem see when the bride becomes the word I've taught you all the way down how do we get the statue of perfect man it's can only be done by the revealing of God's word right it's not done done because you train yourself into it exactly right it's not done because we study and put it come on but if we don't study and all it's not going to work we're going to get that in a minute so we're going we're going to divide a line here in a minute that I hope you'll follow Amen. See, then what we need in this day is to get our understanding opened as to what to expect. And that's where the five-fold ministry to me is failing, right? They're not programming the people, right? And that's a bad word to use cuz people program them. They spoke to me revelation. Bring you to understand. I can't reveal it. You can't either. You get that off your mind, you'll be better off. Brother Random couldn't reveal it. Jesus said, "My own life, Brother Rand, I'm quoting him, did not reveal that unto thee." Cuz only the Holy Ghost is a revealer. Christ mystery God revealed. Amen. Believe it's 45. Only the Holy Ghost is a revealer. That's right. All Jesus could do was open our understanding. Right. Mhm. All right. But see, we think hearing the message is revelation. All right. Now, I'm going to make something personal right here. So, go ahead and do what you want to do. See, we need our understanding to be opened of the plan of redemption of the whole being, body, spirit, soul, world, etc. Well, wait a minute. I read the seal book. I was listening to brother Richard on the tape last night. He said people say, "Well, I read the seal a book. I know all about redemption. Been the message two weeks. Know all about it." Notice all these young preachers come in. What? Straighten it out. Everybody. Oh my. Oh my. Just give them time and get straightened out or whatever. But listen, here's something I want to speak to you personal for a minute. I think it's time for the latter rain. Now, are you listening? I think it's time for the latter rain to fall to quicken the word that we have in the field. Amen. It must be first planted in the field, pure and unadulterated from any man's ideas. All right. Do you see what I mean? Yes. See, to you and I, we have to get the understanding of redemption, which we must understand it to then the body change can come. Right? Only after our understanding has been opened that it can quicken. That's right. Amen. I believe that the revealed word and not the letter will change this whole being that we are. That's right. Cuz I believe that's what changed our being in the new birth. Right. Was a revealed word. Amen. I believe the new birth is a revelation of God's word. That's right. That changed your soul and made your soul eternal. Amen. All right. So, it would have to continue on. That's what I've been trying to do and will continue to do is preach the message to the place that God can reveal it to us. See, because he uses the five-fold ministry to open our understanding of the message. Remember, he cannot reveal part word and part error because that is hybrid hybrid seed. Amen. All right. With that in mind, now of all I've laid in the background, let me just try to say something to you. So, let's go back to Ephesians. You'll see that I have been wanting to to speak on that. Let's see that if he'll open under our understanding so that it can be made alive. So, in Ephesians 1:3, we've been reading. See, we could stay for an hours on the godhead. Let's be the God and father. Translate that word and into the word even because it can be used as even. All right. God, even father of our Lord Jesus Christ. I'm bringing three people into being. It's a revelation of one true and living God. Now, watch what he's done. who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places. Where? Oh, glory. Heavenly places. We're just Glory. Where's it at? It says in Christ. Right. In Christ. Right. I looked at one or two yesterday. This I thought, well, surely people understand this. Right around said, outside of Christ, we're worth nothing. That's right. So if you don't understand that, you got a problem in your mental capacity, let alone anything else. If you think you're something without Christ. That's right. Amen. Cuz he's the only one worth anything. All right. But look now, who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places. Now, Brother Brown, I gave you the quotes from there, right? What is heavenly places, brother Brown? on page number uh five on your notes, page 29, Christ mystery, God revealed. It's the believer's position in Christ. Amen. It's not shouting glory, hallelujah, and the the we feel it and we're running with it and all that, you know, all of these things. Oh, glory, we're in heavenly places. It's being in Christ. Amen. The end of all that shout and glory hallelujah is there. Wonderful. That's right. That's right. You remember what the prophet said. It's all right. Just get up there and shout glory hallelujah. But make sure you walk straight and you come back down. Now that's as good a definition of Christianity as I could ever hear in my life. That's right. Cuz that's always stuck with me. Just make sure you walk straight, you come back down. That's right. All right. Paul is trying to tell us that we're in heavenly places, that we've been put in heavenly places in Jesus Christ. Not in ourselves or our own ideas, right? But it's the believer's position, the right hand of the father. How much more do we need? Amen. All right. Going to the next one of the message. E uh 12 of Abraham and his seat after him in 6143. How do we get into Christ? 1 Corinthians 12, what? By one spirit, we're baptized into one body, right? Which is in the body of Christ. All right. Now, the only way to get into heavenly places is to be born again, right? The only way to receive a revelation of God's word to change us or anything. You can get a revelation of healings. You can get a revelation of something taking place, etc., etc., because it's in the Bible. But you can't get a re a Holy Ghost born again experience revelation without it being the word revealed to you. I don't believe in it. You say, "Well, brother Dale, I shouted, I cried." Okay. All right. Wonderful. That's what the baby does after it gets here. Give me the birth of the baby. The baby crying and screaming is not its birth. That's right. Get the baby here. Let it do what it wants to do. That's evidences. I want to know what the birth is. Right. It's the birth of the word. Amen. All right. Heavenly places is the believer's position in Christ. Amen. Now, now verse four, according as he hath chosen us in him. You know, they even put in fores in the Scoffield Bibles around the word in. And I'm assuming that they would probably put it there maybe thinking you would use the word by. But we'll get to that in a second. That won't work. According as he had chosen us in him when before the foundation of the world. What? that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. Now, how can a human mortal be holy in love? There's no way. That's right. Our scripture said our righteousness is what? As filthy rags. That's right. That's right. But around said, Hebrews series, I'll find it for you. He said, "I'd hate to think that I was born 5 minutes ago." Now, what could a 5-minute old baby do? kind of odd. That's kind of what the Catholics let these abortion babies about the women that's there, you know, they let them live for just a few minutes and then they kill them. He said, "What would it be for 5 minutes?" You know, what could a 5-minute old baby do? He said, "I hate to have face God that way." You know why? Cuz you're born in sin, checking in iniquity. Now, we know babies going to heaven. We know the whole side of the story. We sit there before your computer go brother don't understand. We believe all that is going to happen. You don't you're not listening to what I'm saying. You're not listening to what run around say. He said I'd hate to face God with that. He said cuz I was born in sin shaping and iniquity. I was lost. Amen. But you see we just run fast forward to what we want to believe. Now, God can't quicken what we want to believe. That's right. Amen. But see, notice now it says what? That we were chosen in him. Now, I said they put a parenthesis around the end if you're looking at the Scoffield Bible. Maybe they want to emphasize the basis of something. I don't know. But maybe they want to try because the word by and in can be translated where it says over in Hebrews 1 that he spoken times in or by the prophets. See, but it's not necessarily everything. Every time that you see the word and cannot be translated even, right? It can only be translated that on occasions that where it fits the the background of what it's talking about. All right. Yes. Now, so we're predestinated. I mean, we're chosen in him and it was done before the foundation of the world. Right? Now, listen, our mind, all right, you're going to have to just listen cuz I'm not a doctor. I'm not I'm just a preacher of the gospel and do the best I can. I tried it on my wife and that's what I wanted to do to see how her her reactions was to my natural wording. It doesn't say that we were chosen by him, but that's what our mind thinks. Our mind thinks we were chosen by him. You said, "No, no, no. I can read." Yeah, but your mind interprets. Why is it that five people can see a car wreck and there's five different interpretations of what they all saw. Right. That's what a guy said one time. I remember reading. He said, you know, if you commit a crime, he said, just hang around. You know, they ask him, he's a gangster, kill people. You know, he said, he said, just hang around. See if you going to run it at all. They figure it's you. He said, just hang around. He said, "People ain't going to know what's going on." He said, "Didn't you see he's off?" Cuz see our mind that was a red car. No, it wasn't. Where's Lisa? Lisa used to tell Ter that was a blue car. And he said, "No, it's not a blue car. It was a red car." And then her foot would go up and down cuz it was it was it might have been a blue one, but you know what a red one. I'm just trying to illustrate. Okay. See our mind, our eyes, a portion of our brain reads one thing. The subconscal parts of our brain interprets to us what is being said or read. You're reading. Now you say, well, what would be the difference in chosen by him or chosen in him? Chosen. If you're chosen by him, you're not a part of him, right? Okay, we're going now. If you're chosen by him, we're going to we're going to get to some things in a minute or we'll get it this afternoon. And I'm just going to talk to you cuz a lot of this I don't have a wrote down period. I wouldn't write it. But if you think you were chosen by him, you don't have no scripture because that would make him choosing you. That's right. Mhm. Perspective. Perspective. The Bible doesn't say that. That's right. It says you were chosen in him. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Okay. Now, see, our mind tells us things that we read. Now we read here that the choosing even itself took place before the foundation of the world. Right now there are some quotes I have them laying back there but I'm going to go with it. Brother R said see the said it was before the world. He said then how could you choose? Are you listening? If it was before the world, how could you choose? What part of you was back there to choose? You got a little drawing that I gave to you with some lines on it. And choosing is on this side for us. It's over in time. Very poor example of what I wanted to bring out, but still it gets the point. And so, Brother Dale, you just don't [Music] understand. Now, this was the question I asked my wife. I said, "Honey, what what do you think about that we were chosen in him?" Hard to get it correct. chose us in him to make sure people don't want to garbage with that. She said, "Well, honey said, I understand that believe predestination, fornowledge, and things, but she said, I I don't fully understand the choosing until the Lord revealed this to me. I didn't either." Uh yeah, I spoke about it. I done the best I could because there is ways and one thing for sure when I get through with this I'm saying it up front. What we've taught about predestination and fornowledge is correct. But it's time to move on a step, right? Brother said to me the other day, he said, "Brother Dale, you're not through finished with predest with uh predestination." And I said, "No, shall not." But now listen. The Bible says plainly now that we were chosen in him. He chose us in him or chosen us in him. See, it's a past tense form. Hath already done. It was done before the world ever begun. Now, I believe our biggest problem is we're on this side of eternity. You know, trying to figure out what took place on the other side of eternity. That's why I gave you the drawing there and I put it in the middle the beginning because you know what brother Random see will cover that cuz he even covers back the beginning as being uh back before uh Genesis 1 and then he covered it as being Genesis 1 and it just keeps coming down. Now we know for a certainty that there was a time that God dwelt alone. Right? All right. All right. He had his attributes within him. I gave it to you number seven. Um when manifested sons of God preach 1960 that his attributes is his nature. His nature. Right? Now, he already had those attributes. He never gained attributes when he came into the world. Now, you're going to have to swallow. So, swallow real hard and take this one. His attributes are eternal. Now, one of these days, I want to preach on something the Lord spoke to me about yesterday. You know, in healing, we're trying to get healed. Brother Brown said, "Your healing is eternal." Now, wait a minute. See, you can be sick today and healed and then sick again and see, you're not listening. If you've ever healed, God done the healing. That's right. Amen. Amen. Saw that. See, I said maybe one of these days we'll get back to that. All right. Now, we know for a certainty that according to who is this? Mechzedc. I didn't give you these cuz surely you already know it. That brother R said we we bypassed our theophony but he come in his theophony. Theophony is a word form body. He said we didn't come that way. We become that here. Are you listening? Yes. Amen. So then here goes our computer. We never was the word. Now you've lost the whole message of who this mech brother says if you was not the word in the beginning you will never be the word. Amen. That's right. Okay. Yes. See, we didn't come in a theophony word body to stand there. We were in him. Amen. Amen. Cuz he was the fullness of the godhead bodily. He was the word. We were in him. Amen. Or we never will be in him. That's not in him. Where does eternal life that you have today come from? And sure enough of the devil cuz he he couldn't do that. See, that's where we're missing the whole plan of redemption by our minds that we've we've so studied until we've got it in there. But yet our computers minds, they just run haywire with us about quotes instead of sitting down and simply thinking things over. You know what I do sometime? And the wife came in yesterday and she said, "You asleep late?" Said, "No." You know what I was doing? laying back in my chair, had the head laid back, had my eyes closed. You know, I like to do that. I love to get out in the woods, sit up there on that deer stand and just four hours and just think about what God has done, right? And how he's done it and what he's used to do it with and just think over the things. Well, brother, when I start doing that, the devil start Yeah. He g me, too. He starts putting in things that ain't no good. And about the time that I really get down to considering a whole lot about what I'm thinking about, a deer shows up and it messes everything up cuz I'm human. All right. But, you know, we do good sometimes to just sit down and think about what been revealed to us. Amen. You don't never do that. Just sit down and think about it. Do you ever thank God for what he's revealed to you? Amen. I thank him every day. Yes. Over and over for what he's revealed. Yes. Yes. But you see, he never gained attributes. So he had those attributes. Yes. He was already a savior. But there was nothing that needed saving. That doesn't change that he was already the savior. He was a healer, but there was nothing that needed to be healed. That doesn't change that. His thoughts are eternal. They are not like the prophet said church age book a man with a blueprint that lays out what he's going to build a house you know and then he proceeds to build it. He said not like that. He said his thoughts are eternal and part of him. See we're only displaying on this side of the line of what we draw out. You'll see some things. We are on the line of displaying the attributes. He was on the side of the attribute. I gave it to you. Page nine of page 149 of church a book that his thoughts are eternal. I gave you that one on number eight of your notes, page 16, Christ the mystery, that those attributes were in God. See, then we read now that we were chosen in him. I hope you're beginning to realize that we could not be chosen. It wasn't the fact that we were chosen by him because if we were chosen by him that would separate us. That's right. Cuz that would mean something being chosen, you know, in a different situation, right? but to be chosen in him. It's not like somebody taking up sides and choosing which would be on what side and what would be. You've heard brother R say that. He said it's not the fact that he sat down and chose arm and Neville and didn't choose this other brother. He said it didn't work. Right? Jacob have I love and Esau have I hated. You know what we do? We've been trained and I trained you. So I got to train you another step upward. Okay. Okay. That is by fornowledge. Amen. Remember predestination. He predestinates by his fornowledge. Fore is before predestination. You agree? If not then you'd have him you transfer the words. So he predestinates by his fornowledge. For knowledge existed before predetermining come into thinking, right? Mhm. So you look on your drawing and you'll see some things that I want you to think about. for knowledge was God in eternity that was capable because of being God. That's right. Infinite finite idea what those words are that he could have a fornowledge of everything that would be in the world. And that's why the thing formed can't say why did you form this way cuz it didn't form us that way. We formed ourselves. We've been through it. Right. That's right. The fornowledge. All right. We put another little word there that's in eternity. Predestination. Right. We put down chosen in him. All this is before the world. You're a part of God before the world or you'll never be part of God. That's right. Amen. Your name was written in the lounge book of life before the world ever begun or it will never be written there. This is the one we're heading down towards. You were glorified in him before the world. Amen. You were justified in him before the world. Now, I didn't brother Joe corrected this to where we would have the correct wording of it. The next I put son of God, plan of redemption. See, but really that should have been sons plural. So, you know, you translate it yourself. He translated on the computer for me because I'd rather it be using the word sons of God because my reference there is to where that the morning stars sang together and the sons of God shouted for joy. And that was before the world. That was in eternity. That's what brother Ram says. See the seed are word. Now we'll get back to that one on the sons of God. Cuz brother Random says and see that's why we got a prophet to say it. He said that's when they seen the plan of redemption come into view. Wait a minute. Now you're getting us too close now. It's the seed or word that comes predestinated eternally and not the person, right? Okay. Christ the mystery of God revealed God had a plan a hidden mystery that he was going to 1617 Christ a mystery he was going to see it happen he had a purpose in doing that to let himself be revealed that's a plan and a purpose Now for knowledge of God to make it to word that he wouldn't predestinate according to his desires cuz he desired everybody to save. So by his fornowledge he could predict determine. That's right. because his fornowledge was a knowledge of your choice. Right? You go with me? Amen. So he could predestinate according to your desire. Right. Okay. So then for knowledge has to do with the fact that something would have to take place here because that's his fornowledge right now. Listen with me. I ain't got the key yet. I'm just we're still standing outside the door trying to get a hold of the key, but we're getting a place for knowledge of God is of what you will do or not do or whatever. You agree? Yes. Yes. So, we're not losing our understanding of fornowledge and predestinations and and you know, we're trying to get an understanding. Yes. For knowledge means God before the world had a knowledge of what would be here in time. You agree? Okay. Predestination sitting back there is would be the destiny of the individual that would come over here because predestination means destiny determined beforehand. Now you're going to catch on a minute. And I hope that you're going to look at the right hand side and you're going to say, "Glory, I'm here." Because this is the only way God could do it without it being wrong. We were chosen in him, the Bible said, before the world. Right. Now, here's where we really got to think. I don't know where to stop that clock. I'll get this one. I can't get no more. No. See, we've we're we're so trained about our mind that we we make it look like that all of our doing was in vain. See, quickly you say something. You say, "Well, I saw God." Well, now brother, let me explain that to you now. Now, let me explain. Said the Bible says, "No man go dark." Then just look back at him and say, "Not going to say that." Go find it. But you see, as quick as we say something, your mind goes, "Come mind, too." It's the same thing talking to you. It just like that. is just going cuz that's your mind. It has to be controlled. That's why when brother Moses I told you when he when he put my heart against the wall and he said, "What do you believe about God?" I said, "God three person." He said, "You're a trinity as anybody else." Personality, personality, individual individuals person. Bless God. My theology don't say that. The the theologians. No. I said you're right. And I don't believe that cuz I didn't let my mind run to what I thought was right. I saw he was right. Right. So if we'd ever get to that basalt God until you get people to the bases they don't seek God. Right. That's right. That's right. You didn't seek God, but you know what you did? How many of you remember? How many of you remember in your life as a Christian when you were coming up to the new birth and things and you were crying and praying and fasting and reading and you were doing everything you could do. You was repenting of this and repenting of that. You were getting rid of everything, trying to get cleaned up enough to get saved, right? And you know, if you hadn't never done that, you know what? You would have never got saved. But I thought it was this way. See, that's where our mind is transmitted it over to the wrong place. Brother Brandon wasn't saying what we thought when we think and say, "Well, well, no, no, we we read the message. We've been programmed to the basis that we never saw God, so why take my kids to church?" You know that the Baptists had a doctrine back hundreds of years ago that they would not. It was kind of in the primitive styles that they wouldn't take their children to church at a revival especially. You know why? Cuz they afraid they might get saved when God didn't know they'd get saved. Now you like that's exactly the doctrine. Well, I don't want to take my kids cuz they might get saved. God might not want him saved. So just leave him at home. How dumb can we be? That's right. Of spiritual understanding, right? [Music] But you see, if you had not prayed and cried and longed after God, you would have never got him. Now I want you if you don't believe that now I know your mind clicked. So let's click it. How come there was 120 got the Holy Ghost in the upper room when 500 brethren as I said a while ago seen him after his resurrection? It says why didn't they go to the upper room something's wrong was it? All right. Now get the answer to the rest of it. Why didn't God give the 500? They didn't go. Cuz they wouldn't in the upper room. Said, "Oh, brother, that was deep." Where's he deep about that? They just didn't go, right? He said, "Carry, wait somewhere." Right? And why not wait the last place they was in, right? He didn't tell them where to go. He didn't tell them what city, what street, what address? How are you in the city of Jerusalem? So I guess and I'm pretty sure it was they went right back to where they were when they last seen. That's where I'd went. Wouldn't you? And they sat down and waited. Had they not been there, they wouldn't have got it. So brother Random and the Bible cannot be saying that that we had nothing to do with it. But that's what's taught to us, right? That's what our mind tries to translate. Where brother tell somebody come to the altar and pray and crying. Get up from there and quit crying. Quit receiving the Holy Ghost. Just go on. It'll come to you. Now you show me where he did. You see, because we're on this side of the line, we're over here in time. In time, things are taking place. Just like we were saying about God, he sits back in eternity and his fornowledge is there, but it's his fornowledge of what you will do when you get here. Mhm. His forn knowledge of Esau and Jacob was what? And Jacob was a better I mean, Esau was a better guy than Jacob. But all that God was looking at was Jacob wanted the birthight. Cuz it would tighten the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Well, go back there. Okay, Jacob, you're a shy anyway. Let's go. con your old daddy into giving it to you. You said, "Well, he did." No, his mama condimented the church. Get the point? Had Jacob not fought for the birthight and done what he'd done, he'd have never got the birthight. sister told me one time here, she said, "I want my family to be saved. I know me and my husband said, "We we've got problems, but I want, you know, a marital situation, but I want my children to be saved." I looked at her and disagreeing and just, "Oh, that's nice, right? You trying to be a sacrifice. You want to be a sacrifice for your family. You know what? That's a good point, right? You know what? What I was grinning about is cuz I knew that God didn't deal with one, right? He going to deal with getting her here, right? But that's it's all right. But listen, where did you receive eternal life? We had to receive it. See, surely we're not going to go with the bases that a lot of people say, "Well, I just born with eternal life. You're an eternal sinner. That'd be a problem, would it?" And in the message, that's what they teach. I just born of eternal life. I don't have to receive eternal life. Now, what's the Bible all about? Get what I'm saying? Then I'll come back to it this evening cuz I got about 10 minutes. You had something to do with being in the right place. They had to be in the upper room. It wasn't they were down on the street corner. They had to be there, right? They had to get there. you seeking God, you crying and praying for God to save you was exactly right. But what we don't really realize is the Bible tells us why. The Bible says the goodness of God leadth us to repentance. That's it. Brother Brandham said, and what did he say? He said God was seeking you, right? He wasn't said we wasn't seeking him. He said cuz he's not in the human mortal to seek. He said like in the garden. He said where was it in the garden? He said there it was was Adam searching for God and all God was running around the garden in the garden hollering Adam where art thou? You said a that's just a story. No it's the truth. Adam was by that time in one dimension. God was in another one. Come on. He's already fallen. But listen, church, you had something to do with this. Now, you say, "Wait a minute. Now, the Bible says salvation is of the Lord." I'll agree with you 100%. Salvation is of the Lord. But you know, after you get saved, you have something to do with your life cuz you got a choice to where you want to study. You got a choice where you want to go to church. You got a choice of what you want to do. Right? No. Bless God, this eternal life won't let me. Why did it take you so long to get here? I'm blunt. I know it. Sorry, but it's true. You sure must not have been listening to the Holy Ghost all the way down through there cuz he's been telling you where to go. Oh, now you No, I'm not building up. Tell it like it is. Brother Devil, don't build up nothing cuz they ain't nothing. You don't give me one dime extra here for these. You You can't argue that point. You know it. You out there on the internet, they can't argue that point because I don't charge nobody for nothing. I give it to them free of charge anywhere in the world they want it. You ain't having to pay for get on anything. That's right. Cuz the gospel can't be sold. Amen. It takes money to operate but it can't be sold. That's right. Amen. But listen, cuz I'm having to stop because if I don't, I'm going to go up another step. And I do, we're going to be here for two hours. All right. I'm not joking. So we on this side now are you following me? You agreed while ago. So let's if you keep following me. You agreed that God's fornowledge was of what would be when we got here. You agreed that he would predestinate according to what we would do when we got here. Now why can't you see that the choosing on our part? We're not in eternity with that word choosing cuz you're you got to drop over now. So leave don't don't get in eternity with the illustration I'm giving cuz it's not there. I'm going to go ahead and say it then you can get it this evening. God didn't look down and see your choice. That's right. Amen. If he did, you had something to do with it. That's right. And it's not grass. Amen. That's what we think. That's where our mind is locked. That we think we had something to do with it. And you say, "Well, brother Dale, you just got to explain we had something to do with it." That's where you're going to have to have a revelation to separate the two. Revelations. If you think that God looked down and saw you, then where is Jesus Christ? That's right. Amen. Well, he saw me like a choice. He knew that before the world cuz he said he knew where this seed would land up at. Now, we back up to right there cuz I can't if I go any further. Come on. If I go any further, I'll have to get into what I'm talking about and I'm not going to do it. You just hold on. Hold on a little longer. Let's sing that. Help is on the way. Come on, brother Richard. You got that song? You know it, Brother Dick? Yeah. What is it? Hold on a little longer. Is it on the way? Let's sing that. In the Bible, huh? Yeah. Yep. What do we got? You know what? What's the number? It's not in the book here. Memory. Y'all just have to sing it by memory of what what we've been doing around here. All right, go ahead. That's the chorus [Music] wind. Just hold on a little longer. our Christian life. We have to search after God. God will not override your premortal agencies. He will not make you be saved. You don't want any longer. You look down and sing your morning. [Applause] Yeah, but that's me and somebody talking [Music] about you by what you do. You know that Lord try my best to preach the gospel. I'll be like all these others and you don't need to seek out for God. Maybe you're one time priest. You don't need to carry for the Holy Ghost. The word you mean you have to carry for him wait for 2 years. That's what they stand in the other room. Somebody say, "No, it ain't coming. Heat. Heat. [Music]
