################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2013-01-04 - 12-0718 - A Study on the Book of Revelations Pt.21 (Our Redeemer) - Samuel Dale - Samuel Dale - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2013-01-04
Title:   12-0718 - A Study on the Book of Revelations Pt.21 (Our Redeemer) - Samuel Dale
Speaker: Samuel Dale
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6tm_w62HRc
========================================

Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Maybe maybe it will change over. Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. Heat. Heat. Heat. I want to see you sh Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You want to see him, just look around. Amen. You can see him standing among you. Amen. Good to see everybody in the house of the Lord. Remember the announcements that were made about Brother Ryan's granddaddy passing away? He had one to pass away just the other day. Now he lost another one and all. Just remember that. Pray for the family is mainly what he was wanting today. Remember that. Remember the fellowship meeting will be this coming Saturday. We'll be leaving at 10:00. Uhhuh. So if you want to go with us or whatever, make sure you let us know. You know, don't come up Saturday morning and say we like to go cuz we get everything arranged. You know, you can let us know ahead of time. Just just remember that. All right. Remember me tomorrow night too. I'll be down at brother Collins. He called him wanted us to come down there and uh preach for him on Thursday night, but he's got a baptismal service and he kind of wants somebody to kind of talk to the ones that have come for the baptismal service. So we just have a you know a little service together maybe and whatever and have a baptismal service and all. So just remember that tomorrow afternoon and uh the Lord would be with us. I believe that's all the announcements. Anything else? Remember to pray one for another continually because we always need each other's prayer. All right. Revelations 1 Peter 1. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this day in your light and love that you've allowed to shine in our path that we may be able to see you. We pray that you would just have your way with each and every one of us. And Lord, most of all, that you'd forgive our sins, cover us by the blood, and Lord, that we may be able to walk in you. And as we try to speak about you tonight, Lord, you come on the scene in each one of our hearts and our lives and manifest yourself in a mighty way to bring forth your word unto us because we know and we've read many times. We can open the book but and we can speak about it but yet we cannot reveal it. So then it'll take you among us to do the work. So come tonight and and just manifest yourself each one of our hearts and lives. Remember these that are the ones that are not here, the sicknesses and things. Little Mark there. Remember him, Father. And just remember Brother Ryan's family there in the loss of the loved one. And just have your way with each and every one of us. Guide us now in Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. Revelations 1 1-3. the revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him, to show unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass. And he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John, who bear record of the word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ, and of all things that he saw. Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein, for the time is at hand. and what the time to understand should be surely at hand. Okay. 1 Peter 1:9. receiving the end of your faith, even the salvation of your souls, of which salvation the prophets have inquired, and search diligently, who prophesied of the grace that should come unto them, searching what or what manner of time the spirit of Christ, which was in them did signify, when it testified beforehand the sufferings of Christ, and the glory that should follow, unto whom it was revealed that unto that not unto themselves, but unto us they did minister these things which are now reported unto you by them that have preached the gospel unto you with the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven which things the angels desire to look in truth. Now what are we to do with all of that? Wherefore g up the loins of your mind be sober and hope to the end for the grace that is be to be brought to you at the revelation of Jesus Christ. You may be seated. The Lord add his blessing to the reading of the word. speaking from the book of Revelations and we've been trying to uh cover some things on it and just moving slowly as we gradually uh walk through the word and we've come through a point now to to be able to understand and and we we've looked at the book and we thank God that there was a prophet to bring the message because without him we would not have understanding of these things, right? But by his speaking the things of God and you know it's brought to our understanding at least a knowledge of the um you know what the symbols are the the things that are written in the book of revelations. So we can you know we can understand that and and follow into that line. All right. Now, you remember when we there and we'll read it in just a few minutes there in Revelations 5 that it starts off by saying that there was a a throne, you know, one sitting on the throne. Now, that's chapter 4 about the throne. And in chapter 5, it comes forth and says, "And the book in the right hand of the one that was sitting on the throne." So we went through these things to try to cover them and without spending a lot of time to be able to um understand but yet to move on Brandon says paragraph 116 of the the seal book the breach that the book in the hand of the one on the throne was the book of redemption. Amen. And when Adam and Eve failed see then the book back went back to the original owner. Amen. which was almighty God himself. All right. And see then it would he would have it thou sitting on the throne in his hand. All right. Then we covered how that it was a sealed book. That was what we didn't understand. That was the one of the things in man's mind of trying to comprehend a sealed book when you can read it, right? You know, you say, "Well, how is it sealed when I can read it?" I I now can tell you especially the the the symbols and things cuz the prophet has brought it unto us. But until it's revealed to you and I, the book is still sealed. That's the point I've been trying to drive. All right? And you'll see in a minute why we spend so much time on that because, you know, we get over to the to the the dealing in the scripture there in Revelations. And we we we you know, we should at least be thinking a little bit about, well, why is all of this going this way when we know Calvary has already done this? You know, we know that Jesus Christ died for our sins at Calvary. He he purchased us and all, but yet still we we're coming to the book of Revelations and we find out it's a sealed book. Well, look like we would, you know, mankind would would really make light of us in our thinking. But it is sealed because if it wasn't sealed, why would the lamb be having to take the book and loose the seals, you know? I mean, what would be the the doings if it wasn't a sealed book? All right. So then we got to keep that in our mind that it was a sealed book. We covered that of how it was brought. And then brother Bradom covering how that the book is sealed. Page 75 of the the breach or paragraph 75. He covers that the book is sealed and you are sealed with the book. Now see then we better be considering what we're speaking about. As I said, we'd look at it and say, "Well, well, Jesus Christ done everything back there." Well, why would the book of Revelations be speaking of something seemingly in the end time? And then when we get over later to the lamb that was to take the book, it was a bloody lamb. Amen. We know where he he was crucified. But why would it be a bloody lamb to come over in the end time and have to do something, right? See, then there must be something about redemption that we don't fully understand. All right? Now, Jesus Christ paid the price. Don't misunderstand me. He paid the price. He redeemed us. All right? He gave us eternal life. All right? But that is only in the soul. That's right. Our body and our spirit is still in a realm of, you know, problems in life. Amen. Mortal problems. mortal. All right. But see, he promised a full plan of redemption. Amen. Right. So then we must know something about this full plan. Amen. That would involve not only the the soul of mankind cuz if we were just going with the soul being redeemed and everything was done back there, it was all finished and on all then we would be having to try to get us a new body. So that's why the world goes that way. See the religious world that they were going to get them a new body cuz they don't believe in this body being redeemed. But we believe in the plan of redemption for the body, spirit, soul, even for this world. Amen. That's right. That we live on. Amen. All right. See, but that was not made known back there. Right. All right. So then what is actually taking place? See, the emphasis is on the end time that we must have this. If not, then John was weeping trying to find a redeemer. Right. Right. That's right. Well, why would he be weeping when he already knew about Jesus Christ? Why would he be crying out for a redeemer? Right. That's right. That's right. when he was it was about 189596 and and John surely we believe that he was one of those in the upper room you know that's right about 1833 somewhere when the Holy Ghost fell so then he had had the baptism of the Holy Ghost for quite a while right and he was chosen to write not only was he chosen to write the book of revelation he was chosen to write his own gospel right before he goes to Patmas. I mean, so he must have been very, you know, very knowledgeable. But why would he be coming over? As I was emphasizing the other day, why would he be coming over in the book of Revelations? See, wanting a redeemer. Amen. You know, why didn't he just jump up and say, "Glory, that was Jesus." Well, see, that's what the world thinks about him, right? That's what religious man thinks of. Yeah. Mhm. He doesn't consider anything about the book of Revelation. See, he can't comprehend it. Because why would you need a redeemer if you're saved, right? You know, and you can say to him, "Well, we needed a a redeemer for for the body and and the spirit. Well, we're going to get us a new one anyway." You know, but you see, church, the point I'm wanting to get to you tonight is one thing. And I've tried to make this point. And I want you to think about it now. There was something to take place in this last days that we need to comprehend. Amen. All right. Now, truly Jesus Christ paid the price. Amen. Amen. But he didn't purchase, you know, he didn't claim the possession. If you read the breach, I've asked you to to read the breach and read it and read it in that you'll find that he didn't claim the possession. He claimed the possession of your soul, right? Right. By the new birth, right? But he didn't claim possession on the body and thing to make it manifest. All right. Right. He claimed it because it was there, but he didn't take possession. These bodies and things are still in the domain of Satan. Right. Right. and and and you know they're they're not redeemed or not totally purchased at the time. Amen. Brought into manifestation, every how you want to say it. And that's what we're dealing with. All right? So then you would only have the part plan of redemption for the soul. You wouldn't have the plan of redemption for the body and the world and the things. You would just be dealing with the redemption of the soul. But see, nobody's ever had to face what you and I are facing the redemption of these bodies. Amen. And that's hard to bring to a place to explain to people, like I said, especially religious people. What do you mean? What I need to be saved for? I saved 40 years ago. My name is written on the book. But you you're dying. Right. Right. Right? Do you understand what I'm saying? I'm trying to to jog your memory about what you used to believe. You used to believe that you were saved in your soul that Jesus Christ done that. Right. Right. But then somebody say something about the body or something. Well, we're going to get a new one. And they wouldn't dare to say anything about this world being redeemed. Right. That's right. So then where would you go? See, that's just part plan of redemption. Right. That's right. You see what you'd be leaving out? Look where you'd be. You'd be a spook floating around up in heaven somewhere. Cuz then you could go through and prove say, "Well, well, Jesus had nail frets in his hand, so we're not going to get a new body, right? Is this his body redeemed?" Well, well, we'll just be floating on the clouds. We'll just be playing harps and and all kind of thing cuz that's what we all thought, right? But then the prophet began to talk about the plan of redemption. That's right. And he began even before the seals broke speaking of a kinsman redeemer. Amen. That would have to come and pay the price. Right. Right. Now, he spoke of a kinsman redeemer to come in the end time. So, that's what's made people, many of them think that he was God. That's right. Because he would be talking about a kinsman to come. But he wasn't talking about that. He was talking about the revelation of Jesus Christ. That's why we've been reading that from Peter there to be brought to you at the revelation of Jesus Christ. That's right. To reveal to you. All right. Now, see then the [Music] kinsman, the Lord Jesus Christ was our kinsman. Amen. Right. God came down in human flesh. All right. So, we know who the kinsman is. But what what is he what is John crying for in the book of Revelation? He crying for a kinsman. That's right. He's saying, "Is somebody worthy? Is there a man that can do this?" And yet we read, we'll and we'll read it a little more later on or maybe in the message. The elders said, "The line of the tribe of Judah has prevailed." Right? Overcome we have finished it. and he can loose the seven seals. All right. But then when John looks to see who's coming, he sees a lamb. One that had been slain. That's right. He knew who that was. That's right. He was there when he was crucified. That's right. All [Music] right. And that's what I've asked you. I've asked you to loosen your mind from your old thinking and see to try to think about what's happening. Well, we've been 40 something years since the leaving of the prophet and all the years that he was here with us preaching and preaching the plan of redemption. Right. Do we understand it now after all of these years? That's why I asked you a simple question. I said, "Is your faith strong enough to produce a lamb for you?" Right? Cuz it's got to be a personal thing. Right. Amen. Right. An individual affair. All right. Well, see, then we can look back at and we can say, "Well, cure Jesus Christ paid the price. But see, he didn't finish the work. See, it was to be finished in the end time. He went to the father's throne, right? Read through that to fulfill what he said in Revelation 3:21. He that overcome will sit with me in my throne as I've overcome and sit with the father in his throne. That's to this age. That's the the message to this age. See then by doing that he paid the price but he didn't take possession of the purchased product. All right. Right. So he's left us with time and time inside is God's worst enemies. Amen. And see in time man lost the understanding of even that Jesus was almighty God and come through with a trinitarian doctrine to believe in God in three persons blessed trinitarian you know co-equals and co-eternal when there's not sensible but see we came forth with that brother Rand preached a message one time said raising God from history. See, historical God won't save you. That's right. You can't be saved by something in the past. Listen. And you can't be saved by something in the future. Right. Right. That's right. You got to be something that's present tense. Amen. Cuz that's why that he said, "I am that I am." That's ever present for eternity. So what he done at Calvary is wonderful, but he didn't claim the possession at Calvary, right? He left that for the end time to where something would have to take place. See the book then remember how we went through it? You don't take a book and put a seal on it and close it up and sell it to the market and it'll be hypewritten. Right. Right. The book has got to be completed. Mhm. Then it could be sealed up. All right. Then you'd have something in the hand of the one sitting on the throne. All right. But see, then we take the other side. Now, let's just The one side of it is is looking at it as a oh, it's all finished back there. Don't know what y'all all talking about because it was finished back there. See, then the other side comes over here and says, "Well, well, look at here. What happened in the end time and they can't get the the the whole thing together. See, the plan of redemption was paid for at Calvary, right? He don't have to be crucified again. The purchase of our bodies was at Calvary. The purchase of the world was at Calvary. Right. Everything was purchased at Calvary. All right. But it wasn't applied. Right. Right. It wasn't applied to us. Had it been applied. See, it would have been done right there. See, we've had 2,000 years. And like I said then in doing that we've even lost the understanding that that the one sitting on the throne was almighty God. We come up with a trinitarian ideas and all kind of ideas. And see none of that would be true. See the plan of redemption. The plan of redemption has got to be completed. That's right. Amen. When the lamb is That's what I ask you. I kept asking the question, do you believe redemption's over? I'm asking you seriously. Are anybody listening? Do you believe redemption's over? If you do, then the lamb can leave the mercy seat. Right? But he can't leave the mercy seat until redemption's over. That's why it couldn't be a line. See, the the elders said it would be a lion because he knew that it would be the line of the tribe of Judah. But when he looked, he was surprised because it was a lamb. Lamb has to do with salvation or redemption. Lion has to do with king or, you know, full inheritor. So then when it took place there, he could only be a lamb. It didn't say a lion come forth that was bloody. The lamb ain't bloody. Am I saying the the lion's not bloody? Let me say it right. All right. The lamb is the bloody one. Which means redemption. All right. But the lion is king. Right. When he leaves the throne of mercy, he is a lamb. Then he can become a lion. That's right. If you think redemption's over, like everybody, you know, half the message people believe redemption was over in ' 63. Well, if it was, ain't nobody got saved since then. So, they'd leave out the biggest portion of us, wouldn't it? Amen. And the biggest portion of your families and things would be left out. That's right. But see, that's what I kept trying to make the emphasis. The book in the hand of the one sitting on the throne. That's the book of redemption. And brother R said there was only names written in that book. All right? It wasn't this kind of a do. This is what is handed to earth called the Bible. Amen. Right. The prophet called it the Bible in the hand of the one on the front. What's he saying? This Bible was written about the names. Right. That was in the book of life. Right. Right. Even to covering Judas and like that his name was in the book of life, but it was not in the eternal section. Right. That's right. Cuz he didn't get eternal life. All right. So then the the book of life has to be an eternal section and then it has to be a natural section. This Bible is a natural thing telling you what's happening on earth. But at the same time it's a revelation of Jesus Christ to reveal eternal life to you and I. All right. Now that being true, then why would it be that the elders I said would be calling for a redeemer? Someone that could take the book and loose the seals. Do not get my point. You'll understand why the prophet would be saying he said John was weeping not because that he wasn't worthy to take the book but said he was weeping that if somebody didn't take the book all would be lost. And so we know for certainty if you have eternal life. Are you listening to what I was trying to bring and bring it down to you? If you have eternal life tonight, then there is definitely a lamb to take the book, right? Are you following me? If you have eternal life, now if you don't have it, there's no lamb for you. Amen. You're just confessing something. Mhm. But you see what it was that when John was weeping, he saw the lamb and he saw the things. He knew Jesus Christ had paid the price, but he also knew that that old body was still giving the trouble. But you see when that lamb come forth, John stopped his weeping. But the elder said a lion would come forth. Are you listening? See, why didn't John said, "Wait just a minute. Wait a minute. I'm up here and I understand a little bit. I know he's the lion of the tribe of Judah. cuz that's where Jesus came for in the natural lineage part from Judah. All right. A lawgiver would come from Judah. All right. Now, we know it didn't come down to him. It come down to Joseph. But still, it was the connection to earthly forms. John knew the line of the tribe of Judah would be worthy. That's right. Come on. cuz he he he had lived his life with him. He knew who that was. Right. But yet when the lamb stepped out, John quit really weeping because he really began to realize, "Hey, wait just a minute. I was down there when John the Baptist stood out there and didn't say the line of the tribe of Judah, right? said, "The lamb of God will take away the sins of the world." That's right. Amen. See, then it all begin to come together with John. He wasn't going, "Wait a minute now. You just go stand over there. I still want a line." No, he knew then redemption wasn't over. Right. Mhm. So he knew as long as he stayed a lamb and stayed connected to that throne that salvation would be here. All right. Amen. And if we don't believe redemption's over tonight, then the lamb's still on the mercy seat. Amen. Right. Yeah. But brother Random when he preached the lamb left the earth. I've asked you to read. I've asked you to read if you will. Why is it people don't read what brother said? They asked him, "Was salvation over?" He said, "I never said nothing like that." Right? They ask him said, "We go out and preach." Cuz see they thought when the lamb left the mercy seat that it left it right there with brother Random and walked down and some even wanted to take from souls in prison where brother Ram was talking about the lamb taking the book and said climbed up on the throne and sat down. He said I'm the one that did it and people wants to take that as being brother Ram is the one that did it. See making him deity. Mhm. But are you listening right? Mhm. The elder had a line. He was looking for a king. Mhm. And he saw a bloody lamb. Amen. And then he realized what was taking place. He realized as long as that lamb stays on that mercy seat, you remember in the Old Testament the prophet would explain it. He said as long as a lamb was on the mercy seat, he said everything was okay. But he said if that lamb ever left that mercy seat, he said it become judgment seat. You say, "Well, I want him here today as a line." You better be careful, right? That means redemption's over if he's here as a line. Right? But you see church, what I've tried to get you to see, I was looking at something today, thinking about it about this lion and lamb. You know, the proclamation went out in the fifth chapter for a lion or the elder said, you know, behold the line of the tribe of Judah has prevailed. You know, that word line is not mentioned again until Revelations 10:3. Go on, read your Bible. Well, I don't know whether that's right or not. Well, go read and come and show me. He's a lamb all the way through there because even when we leave out of here, there is redemption. Right. Right. For Israel. That's right. True. True. Mhm. Right. But see, we want a line. If a lion is here, redemption's over and he's king. And brother Ren said he comes to claim right his possession as king. That's right. See, the lamb is paying the price. Yeah. The lamb pays for the redemption, but the lion is the king. Mhm. But you better remember too, now something I said to you. So you ought to go read your Bible. He's never mentioned as a li a l a line again until Revelations 10. But the lamb stays clean on over into Revelation 21. Right. Amen. read your Bible. That's right. See, because when he becomes king, the little bride is the only one that knows him as king. Sure, he'll be king of the world. King of all, so will we. It's like they say, you know, you know, the only thing out in the in the jungles of Africa that's not afraid of the lion is what? His wife. She loves to hear that sound. Everything else is scared. Elephants run. Big old animals, they just run from him. Why? Cuz he's king. But you know what? She's laying over in the bush and said, "That's my husband. I'm okay. That's right. I got a one that's my king. I can take care of every He'll take care of everything. I don't have to worry. But listen to that and just think about it sometime. Just let these things run through your mind. The call was for a lion, but a lamb comes forth to pay the price. Right. All right. Now, see, then in looking at it, what we're seeing is the plan of redemption being made known to the bride of Jesus Christ. Come on now. When we're reading the book of Revelations, the lamb is revealing the book of Revelations to you and I, but the world's not seeing it, right? Amen. Only the bride is seeing the book being revealed. Why? Cuz she's seal over with the book also, right? And she knows she's being revealed also. So now, are we back where I started at? Then show me in the book of Revelation Jesus Christ ever standing by himself. He's always in bride form or in with the bride. He's never by himself. It's a wonderful book if we just read it correctly. But now listen. The elders said the lion was worthy, but a lamb comes forth. That don't connect with him to see. As long as he's a lamb, he's redeemer. Redemption can't be over until the last name comes in. Right. Right. The nice name is brought to the earth and then redemption will be over. All right. Now if that's true then see then we better find out we're here in the end time. Why is the emphasis placed then upon the end time? Why did not John just write that the lamb of God when it said you know I can understand this part to where he said you know the line has is worthy I can see John as he maybe stagger back but he remembers that Jesus Christ has come from the line of the tribe of Judah he remembers that but he knows while he's upon earth as I said a while ago he was introduced as the lamb of God Right now, he's been the lamb for 2,000 years. He's not the lamb yet. He can't forth can't come forth as the lion until redemption over. Right. Amen. Right. The book has to be completed. Right. Finished. sealed up and you and I are sealed with the book. So then the plan of redemption is being seen from Calvary and it's still going on. Are you following me? It's still going on, right? But yet we couldn't comprehend the full plan of redemption as I was saying. But see now after we've heard the message in order to at least bring it to our remembrance of what's going on. See, then there would have to be then in the end time, not the coming forth of a lion. That can't be done until redemption's over. But the coming forth of a lamb. All right. Amen. And without having to go into detail, but remember the last message we preached, you remember how I was trying to emphasize that we must be the word made flesh. Right. All right. Mary, brother Random says, "See not with a shook." It's also on masterpiece. There's two seeds not with a shook. One in the jail. And he says it on both of them. He said Mary was not the seed. He said she was the carrier. Mary had the seed within her. Right. But she was not that seed. Now that's not decianizing Mary or throwing her away or it's telling the God's honest truth about her. She was not God. Right. That's right. Neither is she the mother of God. He just bared her womb. All right. But see, she's not God, so she's not that seed. But God was in Mary. Mary gave birth to the word, right? God Almighty manifested in human flesh. She gave birth to it. All right. Run around them in those messages said Mary represented a Zusa street Pentecost. He said Luther wasn't the seed. Wesley wasn't the seed. Pentecostal 1906 Zusa Street. I say that where you won't confuse me with the book of Acts cuz that was the word in the book of Acts. Right? You see those ages only had a partial realization of understanding. That's right. So they were not the fully matured seed. Now listen, don't misunderstand and go on. You read what he says. He said, "I don't know where he said." Well, send me word. I'll send you the copies of the I'll send you the book if I need to. Brother Rander said Luther was not that seed. What? He was the seed of God for the age he was in. That's right. Right. Yes, sir. But he wasn't a fully matured seed. That's right. He was a trinitarian baptized in the power of father, son, holy ghost and said the Jews were to be taken out and killed or something like that. Mhm. But you see the seed he had was proven and pure, right? Of the just shall live by faith. All right. So we used the corn of wheat, right? You know, stalk, tassel, etc. Shuck. That's what your prophet used in there. showing us then that the shuck is only the shelter which the shuck was Mary that gave birth to the word. The shuck was a Zusa street Pentecost that gave birth to Jesus Christ. Yes. And you and I by our new birth must come to a place of birth in Christ. But that's a baby form of Christ. Amen. Right. See, what I'm asking you is the same thing I did. Is your faith powerful enough to produce a lamb? Cuz see, the emphasis of the prophet's message in the Bible is pointing down to the end time that there'd be a group of people upon this earth that would not only give birth to the word, but become that word. That's right. Amen. This not for us to be Luther Wesley or anything. off. If I was back there, I'd been happy to be back cuz that would been the word for the age. But they were not the mature seed, right? Like I was saying there Sunday then. You don't go out and look at your corn, got some at the house, you go out, pull it, it's ready to eat. Boy, that's good stuff. You know, I I eat it sometimes just without even cooking it. [Music] Just raw corn. Yeah, kind of give you the belly ache, but still all right. It's good. But you don't dare take it out and plant it, right? Some of us here are old enough to understand, a lot of you young whiffer snappers, you don't know what we're talking about. Now, some of us old enough to understand, you don't plant corn. No, when it's green, you wait until it dries and seasoned out. Then you can plant it. And it's really got to be seasoned real good or it won't come up. You see, the prophet was pointing down to you and I. We must be the word. That's right. All right. See, then the book must be completed. The same thing I explained about the corn wheat coming down. You get a full ear of corn. And that's why Jesus called it, the full ear in the corn, you know. He's speaking of the end time when it would come down and we must become the word. All right. Now, let me ask you a question. You better be careful how you answer it. I don't want it out loud anyway. You can just do it to yourself, but be careful. Do you believe that we are to give birth to the word? Do you believe that we're supposed to have a new birth? Right. A baptism of the Holy Ghost, eternal life in our soul, and give birth to Jesus Christ, the word. All right. Now, if you believe that, I mean, truly believe that, then you can see what I'm talking about with the rest of the message. Cuz you see that lamb to take the book. Now I hope you understand what I'm saying. Jesus Christ paid the price, right? He done the work. The kinsman, he done it back there, but it wasn't applied back there, right? It'll only be applied in the end time, right? All right. So if you believe you gave birth to the word by the new birth and one of the quotes I've got in here somewhere said when when you see in the word you see in Jesus. Amen. Come on. Then there's no place for us to go. Now you'll hear these words if you'll listen to the prophet in that seed not ever the shuck masterpiece. He said there's no other stage for us to go to. That's right. There's no more carriers. He said, he said Mary was the life carrier. Pentecostus street 1906 was the life carrier of the word. He said there's no place for us to go. We ain't got a place. You know what? We got to become the word. Right. miss. We got to become the word, right? We got to become the book. Mhm. The book then is filled and we're filled with the book. Right. So then what's our problem? Now I'm going to ask you the question. Where did that lamb come from? Where did that lamb in Revelations come from? That's right. Now, I'm going back over it again because I I know how the mind wonders. The lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world was introduced and died on Calvary to pay the price. But he's had to do the kinsman redeemer work until redemption is over. Then he can become the lion of the tribe of Judah. Where' that lamb come from? I know I've bypassed the quotes, brothers, back there, brother Anderson, but just if you will jump up to Revelations 5 and let's just read it. I give these brothers notes and things and sometimes I don't use them, sometimes I do. So, I'm sorry, but listen, just read it. And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside sealed with seven seals. See that that scripture right there is the basis of what most people in the message all they want to know about. Is it written in the book or what's on the book? Is anything added to the book or what's on the outside the book? What's what what kind of book is it? What's that? They spend their whole life talking about that. Never talk about the rest of it. Now come on. You tell me if they didn't. Look what he said. And I saw a strong angel proclaimed with a loud voice, who is worthy to open the book and to loose the seal dirt. And no man is not searching for a beast or a lamb or a lion or a dog or a cat or or a horse or anything. It's looking for a man. Right. Right. And no man in heaven nor in earth, neither under the earth was able to open the book, neither to look their own. And I wept much because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look their own. He knew we had to have the revelation. That's right. That's right. Come on, read it. He knew we had to have the revelation. And how was we going to get it if they didn't a man come forth? Well, look, verse five. And one of the elders saith unto me, weak not. Behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seat thereof. And I'll be held in low in the midst of the throne. and of the four beasts. And in the midst of the elders, you remember chapter 4, we went through all of these over and over and over. The throne, what is that? The father's throne, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, right? Who are the who are the the four beasts, the combat beast down through the ages and things, right? And who are the elders? The 24 elders. Who are they? 12 apostles, 12 patriarchs. We went through all of this, right? See, John didn't the lamb just don't appear somewhere else. You've got to connect back to ever every phase out on the way down. And behold, the Lord in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts. In the midst of the elders stood a lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God set forth into all the earth. Now, what kind of a lamb is that? First off, he's bloody, bleeding. If you've read the breach, you heard the prophet say it cuz he was slain at Calvary. Right. Right. But that man that was hanging on Calvary didn't have seven horns and seven eyes. Right. He was the son of man who died for you and I. That's right. Amen. But said he died son of man. and said he raised son of God, right? And he's been son of God down through the seven church ages cuz he's not on his right throne. That's what Jesus was talking about. He that overcome to sit with me in my throne as I've overcome sit my father at his throne. Father's strong spirit is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. The son of God down through the ages. Why you a prophet would keep saying those things like unveiling of God, mighty God unveiled to read them. But look what he's saying. funny looking lion. Now, come on. Do you see what I'm talking about? First off, it says he was slain. All right, that puts it right back over there at Calvary where he paid the price, right? But why didn't he just walk out there and say, "I'm here." Where did the lamb come from? We'll show you why he's got seven horns and seven eyes. That's right. Amen. See, the horns and the eyes show where he come from. Right. Right. Cuz we know he was slain. All right. See, the lamb had been slain, but he had seven horns and seven eyes, which he says is the seven spirits of God. Now, I've been over this with you. I've got them laying here in front of me if you want to read them. There's not seven spirits of God, right? There are not nine no more seven spirits of God and there are nine gifts in the basis of it's the one Holy Spirit with nine manifestations right am I right now nine manifestations of the same Holy Spirit. So it's not seven spirits like God has got seven spirits. It's the spirit of God down through the seven church ages. The horns see is the Holy Spirit anointing a messenger. Horns and eyes. Come on, church. Horns means seven ages. Paragraph 204, Revelation chapter 5. Seven horns was the eight seven ages taken from the breach. Paragraph 231. Pull up number six cuz I love this one. Pull up number six and let's see what kind of a lamb you're looking at. He's tying it back to Jerubable and the eyes, the seven, the eyes of the Lord. Right? All right. Now watch when the seven eyes. Eyes means seeing. Seeing means prophets. Seers. This lamb had seven horns. And on each horn had an eye. Odd looking lamb. Is it horn sticking out? An eye on the end of it. And on each horn had an eye. Seven eyes. What is it? What is it? What are you looking at? Christ and his bride, right? Amen. Seven church ages. Out of there was seven prophets that went forth, seven seers eyes. So the last one must be a seer. All right. Each one of those ages would be a prophet in the basis of a of the age that they're in for the prophet. Right. Right. But around could call them prophets. No problem. But who is that? It's the lamb. The lamb of God. Where did he come from? Look at number seven. Taken from the breach. 1963 317 paragraph 194. John hadn't noticed this lamb before. You know, here he hadn't been mentioned before. Right? Cuz there's a reading coming up. Nowhere had it been mentioned. John didn't see it all over the heavens as he was looking. But here it come forth. Now when the proclamation went forth for the redeemer, why didn't John see it? That's what he's emphasizing. Cuz he looked all over heaven. Brother Ram says, he said, "Heaven was scour and earth was round sack." One of the two. I know he use those words. And he said no man was found worthy. He said the prophets were all standing there. He said Moses was standing there. He said Elijah was standing there. He said all of those pro all of those born again Christians that had died was standing there. But they wouldn't worthy. Why didn't John see the lamb? Where had the lamb been? Look what he tells you where it been. All over heaven as he's looking. But here it come forth. Notice where it came forth. Where did it come from? It come from the father's throne. Where he had been seated since he had been slain and raised again. He raised up and sat on the right hand of God ever living to make intercession. Where does the lamb come from? Where does that lamb come from to take the book to loose the seven seals? We know there's only one lamb. Right. Right. The Lord Jesus Christ. All right. But we just read the quote prior to this one that brother R said it was Christ and his bride. So once we're united together, how can we be separated? And remember chapter 4, the bride goes up in the rapture. Chapter 5 is the bride in glory. You remember that was the question. We'll get to it later. That was the question they asked brother Brandham. He said, "No, that's not the bride." He stood there and he started to go on and he stopped and he said, "There's something wrong." Yeah, brother Ned Ison was one that told him said, "Read your question over again, your scripture." He went back and read it again. He said, "See where I'd have made a mistake." He said, "That is the bride and glory in Revelations 5." See, one of these days we'll understand the statement he made there in that message. He said, "This is actually the opening of those seals." You said, "No, that wasn't until later." And that's where you're missing what I've been trying to say. The bride is sealed up. She is those seals because she's Jesus Christ. The age you say, "No, wait a minute. It's Jesus." But where's he at? This lamb by itself, a bloody lamb would have been good. That would have been Jesus. But when you put the seven horns and the seven eyes on the same lamb, what have you got? That's right. You got him and his church. That's right. Him and his bride as one. That's right. You remember that's what I told you. Those two witnesses going to tell those Jews, you missed it. And the gentile people accepted Jesus Christ as their savior. and said, "Now they've gone in a rapture and you're here in the tribulation. They're going to preach us to them, right? They're going to take this message to Israel." And you know what this message is? You and me. We are the message. Amen. Amen. And brother Ram is part of the message. Amen. Are you listening? Amen. So then what was it? You come from the father's throne. The father strong is a baptism of the holy ghost dwelling in the life of the bride upon earth. Now don't do away what's in heaven. Cuz remember we got to be here. What is there? That's the key. We got to be here. What is there? Got to be on earth exactly what's in heaven. So what's in heaven? Jesus Christ sitting on the throne. How many is on that throne? Did the father get up, walk off, and the son came over, sat down? No. And this lamb when he took the book, what did he do? What did this lamb do? I didn't give these to the brothers. You've heard it. Souls in prison, 1963, 11:10, paragraph 149. And the lamb came forth, walked, took to him that had the book in his right hand, and received the book, climbed upon the throne, and sat down. Amen. Getting crowded on the throne. A lamb with seven horns and seven eyes sitting on one throne. Christ and his bride sitting on one throne. Amen. 1964 12:27. Who do you say this is? Behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah has prevailed. John looking to see a lion. He saw a lamb that had been slain. A bloody lamb come forth and took the book, climbed up on the throne, and sat down. You see, church, if Christ is not in our hearts in the right way, he's not on the throne. Right. See, we've got to see him correctly. We got to see that one true and living God correctly to realize what's in our hearts and our throne. What throne we've made him. Do you realize we make him a throne for him to sit on? We give him our souls to come and live in that provides a a a place for that lamb to live. And he's doing his redemption through you. Mhm. Come on, church. How many times do we need to preach it? Did the prophet say, "If you don't have enough faith for your children, I doubt you having faith for yourself." Do you need that quote? Why is it when we dedicate a baby, we dedicate to have everybody in the building to dedicate one baby? Why? Because you're dedicated to live before that baby, right? The mama and daddy raises the baby. They're dedicated to raising it. But you and I are dedicated to live a Christian life before it where it can see Jesus Christ. Come on. Where does that lamb come from? He comes from the father's throne. Brother Ramon said in another quote, he said he was here backing behind the throne. Said he comes forth. What's he talking about? What is he talking about when the lamb takes a book climbed up on the throne and sits down? Simple terminologies. He's becoming the one on the throne. Right? That's the way our understanding ought to be. We not have if we look up there and send 10 thrones, we look back and say something's wrong, right? Cuz there's only one God, right? There's only one throne, right? We're going to sit with him in that throne. That kingdom, a throne is a domain, a kingdom, right? And we're going to sit with him in that throne, right? Where does the lamb come from? See, the body is there now sitting on the father's throne. Right hand power. All of those. We've been through it. And you know where we are? We are his power and authority here on earth. Right. We're his right hand upon earth. Right. We are the redeemed. And the Bible said, "Let the redeemed say so." Amen. Where does that lamb come from? It has to be reproduced by the only way that it could ever be. Because if you brought another lamb upon the earth in the end time like that lamb, you would have two gods. Mhm. But if you let that God come down and live in a people, Amen. and let those people become the horns and the eyes of the almighty God. That's right. Then you still got one God. Right. You know that brother Random said, I'm looking at him today. He said, "The Godhead is not complete without you." Father, Son, Holy Ghost, that's Godhead. Well, the Holy Ghost is in you, right? So he's not complete without you, right? You don't understand what he's saying, right? If you have eternal life inside of you, then the eternal life inside of you is a part of eternal life of God. So he's not complete without you. Right? Where does that lamb come from now? Can you tie back to what I say in Sunday afternoon? Can you tie back to what I went over just a moment ago? Mary was not the same. She gave birth to the sea. She was a carrier. But there's no more types and shadows. We have to be him. That's right. Make manifest. Amen. In bride form. So he's standing there in bride form in Revelations 5. Is that hard to understand? You see him, you see her. Right. That's right. Come on. You see a man, you see his wife. We got along. We started looking alike. Sorry, young. that everybody except Joyce and Danny cuz they're having problems in it. I don't know which one of them two have to change. But now listen, the lamb here in the acts of the play that we've been talking about cuz remember the prophet said Revelations 5 is not a verse byvere description. He said it's the scene where there's a preparing he said for the opening of the seals. A scene. One of these days we get down to Revelations 8:1 and brother around said that's a scene. Right. Amen. A scene means something is happening. There's not a picture. picture of something has h that has happened a scene is something going on you see why I kept driving at it that lamb it couldn't be a line that lamb come forth and was crucified at Calvary that lamb that's come down through seven church ages that's right that lamb is still on the mercy seat right sir for you and Yeah. The axe of a play. The acts of a play around says that this chapter 5 is the most sublime scripture there is in the Bible. Amen. Yes, sir. I gave that to you the other day. 238 to the breach. You get the first one. Paragraph 92, Revelation chapter 5. He said, "This is the greatest chapter of all the book of Revelations." Amen. Chapter 5 is the greatest chapter. The most sublime thoughts that could ever be in the scriptures is to see what God taught of a people. Right. Right. Let me just cut the rest of it. Pull it up, brother Joe. what we talked about Revelations 5. All right. Now, remember the next one. Don't put it up yet. I'm going to use this one. I'm not going to get into what tonight. It'll be more Sunday. But look what he says in Revelations 5 6 and 7. And behold, and lo, in the midst of the throne, and of the four beasts, in the midst of the elders, stood a lamb as it had been slain. Amen. Having seven horns and seven eyes, which is the spirit of God in seven church ages. Right. Right. And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne. Acts of a play. And what did he do? He climbed up on the throne and sat down. Amen. That's right. See, we think he come and took the book out of the hand on the throne and just No. No. He climbed up on the throne and sat down. That's right. That's right. That's right. Because he's got to stay on the throne till redemption's over. Right. What about a beautiful scene to see the bride of Christ that we read there a while ago that's seven horns and seven eyes is dealing with Christ and his bride. She's the one that gives birth to the word. The word your prophet brought has to be birthed. She is to be delivered. I'm quoting from Sunday of a new birth from according to Malachi 4. Well, Malachi 4's brother random he said the bride is to to give birth a birth of the word. What a beautiful scene to see what God thinks of you and I. Amen. that he puts us right on the throne with him. When he climbs up on that throne and sits down, he's on the throne of your heart. As he climbed up there and sat down yet, cuz we know in Revelation that's what he's, you know, we know up in heaven, that's what he'd already done, right? And he's waiting in heaven for us to manifest on earth. What he was what he's doing there to become the word made flesh. The fully matured word is not going to go to the ground this time. It's going up. Amen. All right. Let's take one more look at him. Let's take one more look at him and her. Go ahead, brother Joe. Revelations 1. Now look what he says. And I turned to see the voice that spake with me. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks, horns, and eyes. And in the midst of the candlesticks, seven candlesticks, one light unto the son of man, glow with a garment down to the foot, and g about the pouch with a golden girdle. How many times have I preached on that? Perhaps it's feminish. That's not a masculine form. That's a feminist form. Amen. Huh? Go to number 11. We'll take this and quit. Why we are not a denomination. 58 9:27 paragraph 180. Now, if you notice in Revelation 1, we find Jesus standing in the seven church ages, the seven golden candlesticks. When he turned and saw one like the son of man standing clothed with a how was it? It was a bride standing in the candlesticks drawn out. Amen. Same picture from Revelations 1. Yep. to Revelations 5. And I wasn't the one that wrote the book, but I'll sure give you the quote later. He said, Revelations 10:1, standing with one foot on land and one on sea. He said that was the same as Revelations 1. I can find you that in a hurry, probably. They'll probably find it time we get through and put it up there. Shows the same. Revelations one shows Jesus Christ in his bride full manifestation. Revelations 5 shows Jesus Christ in his bride in a full manifestation of a lamb of God. Revelations 10:7 shows the line or 101 shows the line and his bride. Right. Can you find it, brother Joe? Let's see if I can get Revelation 10. I can tell you where it's at. Somebody might remember it right off. I've used it enough. Revelations 10. All right. Be paid 7274 the seal book which that's probably the old seal [Applause] book. We'll have to translate that over. But that's enough. You know it. If you don't, I'll be glad to give it to you. He said Revelations 1. Revelations 10:1 is the same as Revelations 13. But see, we want to make it some kind of a great something around them in the things. All right, you got it. I was thinking it was in the steel book, but it's not. It's in Revelation 4 part 1 60 1912 31. The voice was the same voice that walked in the seven golden candlestick. Same voice. The voice didn't change, but the voice work was it when he heard it the first time. How many remembers in the first church age behind him? I was in the spirit on the Lord's day. Revelations 1 the 10 in the spirit. If you want to put that down, Revelations 1:10. I was in the spirit on the Lord's. That's still not the one cuz he was standing in the midst cuz he said it's the same as Revelations. I'll give it to you later. Don't worry about it. It's on page 72 and 74 of the old seal book. But just think about it. You and I have got to give birth to the word. That's good. That's a wonderful situation to give birth to the word. But see, that's not all the story. We must become the word made flesh. Right? That's what God is waiting on. He's waiting on us to bring forth a lamb. In other words, he's waiting on time to where the bride can become the word, the word made flesh, and she can stand up on the earth and not be caught up with all these doctrines and ideas and things running about the people of the message. you know, two soul, seven thunder virtue, perusia, river Jordan, all kind of things. It ain't going to be a denominational bride. Amen. Going to be a word born bride. Amen. Only the word born bride can give birth to the word. Right. Only the word born bride can be the word. That's why in 1969 in Athens, Georgia, I preached the message that in the end time, the bride of Jesus Christ would be decent of man. Amen. I still believe it more today than I ever have. Got a whole lot more mechanics to go with it. Right. But I've already showed you that was the first sermon I preached right here with all the quotes from brother Brown. The bride of Jesus Christ must be the word made flesh. The word made flesh is the son of man. You see, we only want to stop with brother Brown being. He's not the son of man. He was a son of man. The son of man is the Lord Jesus Christ. Right. But when you begin to see it like that and see it up in glory, the seven horns and the seven eyes home to the lamb. It's not you trying to type something. You are that. Partial realization must become perfect realization. Amen. You say, "Yeah, but that's just making too much." Cuz I I'm trying to get the idea that maybe you're saying that we are the lamb. No. And he's the lamb. That's right. We're the seven horns and seven eyes. But they're sitting on the lamb's head. And the lamb without the horns couldn't take the book. Come on. Amen. But the lamb with the seven horns and seven eyes can take the book. Right. Why? Because the book's finished. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Come on, brother. Think on these things. Hebrews 11:40, they without us cannot be made complete. Right? Word perfect is complete. You know, even those that are in glory today are groaning. I had a bunch more to bring, but I cuz they're wanting to be back here in their earthly bodies. Romans 8:23, 24 right through 22, 23. What is it? The world is waiting for the manifestation of the sons and daughters of God. And you know, then we're groaning, waiting to to wit to understand the plan of redemption. We're groaning for that. Amen. Every prayer I pray, I said, "God, reveal your word." Amen. Open your word that we can see Let me have the ability to preach it so the people can see it. The prophet of God said when the bride realizes who she is and what she's doing here, she'll be gone. I believe that I'm the bride of Christ, but I really don't know whether I'm going to make her change or not. Why? What's your problem? Well, I'm getting older. What's your problem? Read the other day where somebody was 114 years old. That means I got something like what 30, 40, two more years to go. What about it? You know, one statement I know of brother Brandham that I love, he said the biggest portion of the Old Testament scriptures of prophecy was fulfilled. Do you remember where? That's right. On the last hours that he was hanging on a tree. Right. The biggest portion of the scriptures was fulfilled the last hours he was hanging on a tree. Amen. What about it? Can you see yourself? Seven horns and seven eyes. The spirit of God down through seven church ages. And you see, he couldn't come forth and make it manifest with six horns. You know, got to be seven horns, seven eyes. Got to be the bride of Jesus Christ standing in the midst of the seven golden candlestick like unto the son of man. It does say the son of man stand says like unto the son of man. G about the ps in his form the wonderful bride of Jesus Christ. Will your revelation produce a lamb? Now you understand what I'm saying. So I could spend the rest of the night talking on that one talk. We illustrations say that they would take the Bible and they would would take it apart and give it out. I would and give the pages out of the Bible to each one. I said now what you got to do is you got to memorize that, you know, and then destroy it. But one of these days, we're going to come back together. And if you're not able to bring your portion of the scripture back, then we will not be able to unlock the key. Thank you. That's right. Right. Right. We're all dependent upon the fact that every one of us has got to be able to remember. Now, I'm just giving that as an illustration, right? But I'm the worst one with a memory in the building. So, you know, I'm have it illustrated. But you see, without our part, the book is not complete. You say, "But I don't have anything to do other than sit in a pew." That's what we're here for. Got to be somebody for me to preach to. That's right. Give it all I can do. Sell cars. Well, it makes a living for a lot of people. That's right. Yes, sir. What about it? And you see your part. Right. Now, if he's not complete without us, then we got to have our part complete. True. So if it's just a housewife, what it's supposed to be a housewife? That's where we're trying to figure out somebody else's position. Is that what the prophet said on adoption? He said it's not for us to figure out those things. He said it's to be what we're supposed to be. Ain't no way to figure this thing out. It's got to be revealed. Right. And you're part of the book. That's right. And you're being revealed. Do you know yourself? If most of you that have been here any amount of time, that's the thing that I've always tried to do is to get you to see who you are. Not to see who I am, right? And gifts and signs and wonders. Well, we believe Brother Dale because of this, that, and the other. Well, then don't do that. You're not doing no good. That's right. It's when he reveals himself to you, then you are becoming what I'm preaching. We listen to a man Sunday and I believe him. Talked about tattoos disappearing off of people's arm. Right. Yeah. I don't really know about that. Now, the reason you don't know about it because you don't have an experience. This is my experience, church. A long time ago, a man, and I'm not throwing off on him. I'm just making a point. A long time ago, a man preached for quite a while that he was going to kill a world record deer. One day he spoke and he said there's a possibility there may be another one. These are direct quotes coming from word of you know what I told him? I said if you can believe what I'm trying to preach I'll give you the second one. So, you're supposed to put her faith out. Why can't we speak our faith? Well, brother, you going to get See, that's what you're trying to figure out. I was just telling it how it was. If you believe God, he'll give you the desire of your heart. That's Bible. You better be careful cuz you might not want what you get. But he'll give you the desire of your heart. That's right. Amen. If you believe it. That's right. That's where the trouble will most people. They can't believe for their families. They believe for their family if it walks down the altar and standing cry. Oh yes. Oh yes. But what about believing for them when they're going worse and worse and worse and worse in the world? That's right. That's right. Why not stand up and say it? Amen. I told you way would be here. And I kept saying it. And I said then just like I'm saying now, I don't care whether you believe it or not cuz he didn't speak to you. I don't expect you to believe. He spoke to me. Well, you know, one day it came and I told you again. I said I was wouldn't even let my wife tell him because I didn't want to have anything to do with his calling. And I told my wife, I said, "Not only has he told me Wade's coming back, this is before Wade came back." I said, "Wade going to be preaching in the pool pit. You'll be preaching Sunday afternoon cuz we're going over to meet and back. Why don't you speak what you believe? You know the Lord might be waiting on you. That's right. Any problem with that? Joyce was pray for Daniel. I said, "Don't worry about it. Just quit worrying about it. That's right. He'll be here. Won't you say it? What if it don't come to pass? I got enough sense knowing God didn't say it. But if it comes to I got enough sense to know I didn't say it. Right. I got enough sense to know I didn't say it. But, Brother Dale, you're a preacher. What's that difference? That's right. That's right. You are the book I'm talking about. You're the book in the hand of the one sitting on the throne. Cuz you and God have become one. Let's stand together. We got Let's try 223 in the red book. 223 in the red book. Anybody have a need? Sing again. Wonderful. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. son. Wonder Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Wonderful. Wonderful. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. for anybody else wondered about it. Everything was wonderful. All one experience I said one day out you don't have my hands you break out still great she said Sam said your hands are really good they're not broken at all he le three days you justifying what you do. You get mad. He said, "I'm going to make you. I'm going to show you your life. I'm going to make it work." You know what God said? Make it work. You'll see her testimony right on his right. Heat. Heat. Heat. Wonder just got an email from Gary CR. He's been sick for two days and Sister Julie said he wasn't able to come to go to work today and for us to keep him in our prayers. His stomach's acting up and he has had a violent fever, raging fever and violent chills for the past two days. Been better, but we still need to pray for him. Anybody hear that? Brother Gary France is real sick and needs us to pray for him that the Lord would touch him and deliver him from these things that's bothering him, a high fever and shields and everything else. So, let's just believe it and pray, right? And just ask the Lord to make his work and be right. Father, your our brother sent a word, Lord, for us to pray for him. We just ask you to come on the scene now. Go there and take away that pain and the agony. Take away the fever. Take away all of what's causing it. Because we know what Satan's doing. He's hindered in every form. for our brother not to be able to go to work, he must be really sick. And we've known him a long time and know that he works when he's feeling bad. But we just ask you, Lord, to honor his faith, to send a word for us, and to honor our faith to believe that you are the healer. You're the savior. You're the redeemer. You're the all and all in Jesus, Lord, is your name. Thank you for healing. We'll get a report back. It all is well, Lord. We love you. right here. Anybody else have a need before we go? Remember now, if you're going to try to all go together, whatever to the fellowship meeting, uh, make sure you let us know where we can make arrangements for vehicles and things. We'll be leaving at Wade's house at about 10:00 and that way then we have to have time going up there because it's a long ways up and everything to to get there. So, we don't want to push time and all like that. We try to to do as best we can. All right. Anything else before we go, brother Boyd? On my way to church this evening, there's a head-on collision right there by our house and I heard that there were minor injuries, but you know, I pray for those families, maybe someone we know, maybe family. Yeah, there's a tractor trailer in a car. Just remember that. Anybody else need? Father, we thank you for tonight and we pray that what we said is worthy. The Lord, this would be the least to say we've tried the best we could. That would be very much. But yet, we know a God that can take words, change them, fit them together, and make them to be what they're supposed to be, and reveal yourself unto us. We love you and we thank you. We ask you as we go on our way home that you'd help us to remember these things. And Father, just take care of everybody. Give us safe journey. May your love be made manifest in our hearts and lives. We love you and we thank you in Jesus name. You dismiss. This is the time. It's better than you think. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Darkness. This world is not understanding God. He would be following the word. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
