################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2013-01-04 - 10-1212am - The Manifestations of the Sons of God - Jewel Forney - Jewel Forney.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2013-01-04
Title:   10-1212am - The Manifestations of the Sons of God - Jewel Forney
Speaker: Jewel Forney
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xb6IBKlE7Kg
========================================

[Music] Sure is good to be in church. I know that. Turn page 426. We're together again. Just praise the Lord. [Music] We're together again. [Music] Praise the Lord. We're together again. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, something good. [Music] Amen. Let's uh sing only believe. [Music] Only [Music] [Applause] all things are possible. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] All things are possible. [Music] Amen. Good morning. Glad to see one with us that's here. Looks like the snow has drove a lot of people away. It's going to get deep here in a little while. Thanking that. Amen. Amen. We're glad to be back in the house of the Lord. Remember the ones that are traveling. Remember dad and them got back so they're through traveling. Just remember him. Looks like he needs his cat died on this while he was gone. Little extra there. Need to get it taken care of this afternoon. Remember mom? She ain't been sleeping too good. Remember her this this this morning too. She's she's in the bed sleeping right now. I hope. Also, we remember brother Gary. He's sick also this morning. Remember him. We have a request from brother Joe Solless is for Sister Sweding. She's back in ICU. Uh back in the heart center not doing well. Remember Sister Sweding and Brother Sweding is having a hard time. So remember that. Also remember our young little fella back here. Make sure that he gets to the right place and what needs to be done there. And I know he's going through a hard time. It looks like Amy's doing a great job. But just uh remember him. I I know it's a different situation for him coming out from one place and going to another. But I'm sure they're giving him all the love that he can get. So just remember that also as we pray. Also remember the list that we have. We'll go over that at second service, but just be with him and bless him. We've added a few and taken a few away. So just remember those as we pray. Amen. Remember brother Forn's with us today. Just be with him. bless him and give him strength. Let's all all have unspoken requests this this morning. Let's all go Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for letting us come out this morning. Lord, be with the ones that are traveling on the highways and bless them. Keep them safe wherever they're at today. Lord, you be with the ones that are here, Lord, that we've come together and just be with the ones that are sick on the list that we have. Remember ones we've added and ones taken away. member of Jane and the family there, Lou Allen, Mildred, the ones there, Lord, loss of Jane. Just come down and help them. Lord, there's many other people that are traveling. Come down and bless them wherever they're at today. Remember brother Forny there, Lord. Come down and bless him. Let us all be attentive. Listen to what's being said. Be with sister Sweding there, Lord. Come down and give her strength that brother Sweding and our young little fella back here, Lord. Everything will be well with him. Brother Gary, be with him. Bless him. be with mom also. Let her get some rest where she'll be ready to come for the afternoon service. Be with the Sunday school classes. Bless him. Bless the unspoken request. We love you for you many blessings. Most of all, you forgive us of all our sins. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Hallelujah. You can be seated. Turn in spiral book to number seven. When the redeemer gathering [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's turn over to 42. That's 42 in the spiral book. I feel like traveling on. Yes. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. My home is right there. I feel like traveling home. Amen. Amen. This time I'm going to ask brother Al if he'd come save the offering tithe. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Father. Father, we thank you for giving me some mercy to us. Thank you Lord that our brothers are back with us this morning. Thank you for all your mercy and mercy. Bless this we your service in Jesus name. Let's turn over to number 87. When the roll is called up you I'll be there. [Applause] When the trumpet of the Lord should sound and the embrace eternal right Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. When the world is all I res. [Music] [Music] is all together when the issue. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. When the world is falling [Music] for the master [Music] and the road is gone. Heat. Heat. [Applause] is going with the is when the road is called y. [Music] Let's turn over to number 169. 69 inspir Oh my heart sings today sings of joy and gladness. Jesus says satisfies my sadness. Guilt is gone. Peace is mine. He's like Jesus is so wonderful mighty to wonder Jesus is to me praise his Hey was a slave now free from condemnation. Jesus and salvation of heaven wonderful wonderful Jesus is to me he's is my God. He save me my redeemer. Praise his name. All change in my holy creation is my soul for every salvation. Wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to me. He's pride. He's saving me. Wonderful. [Applause] Wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is me. He's prince of peace my me. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. [Applause] Isn't he wonderful this morning? This time we'll all stand. Couldn't brother Collie come in responsibility. Good morning. Good morning. Thank you. Morning again. Right. Good morning again. Good morning. All right. I I was thinking this morning, people you talk to, as soon as you mention that the word come from the Bible or come from God or somebody, they don't want to hear nothing else about what you got to say. That's right. You can get it from everywhere else you want to. That's right. But tell them the truth. Yeah. That's right. The ears become dull to them. That's good. Let's turn to Psalms uh 145. Amen. Psalm 145. I will extol thee, oh my God, O king, and I will bless thy name forever and ever. Every day will praise thy name forever and ever. Great is the Lord and greatly to be praised and his greatness is unsuchable. One generation shall praise thy works to another declar. I will speak of the glorious honor of thy majesty and of thy wondrous works. And the men shall speak and thy great they shall abundantly utter the memory of thy great goodness and shall sing of thy righteousness. The Lord is gracious to anger and the Lord is good to all and his tender mercies are over all his works. All thy work shall praise thee, oh Lord, and thy saints shall bless thee. They shall speak of the glory of thy kingdom and talk of thy power. Make known to the sons of men and the glorious majesty of his kingdom. The kingdom is an everlasting kingdom and the do dominion and endure through our all generations. Theord [Music] the eyes of all wait upon thee and thou givest them thy meat in due season. [Music] and victory. The Lord is righteous in all his ways and holy in all his works. The Lord is unim. [Music] He will fulfill their desire. He will fulfill the desire of them that fear him. and he also will hear their cry and will save them. The Lord preserveth all that love him. My mouth shall speak the praise of the Lord and let all flesh bless his holy name forever and ever. Amen. Hallelujah. God bless you. Be seated. Amen. Let's turn over 214 and spiral book. The windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. Let there joy joy joy in my heart for Jesus makes everything right. I gave you my old garden. Heat. Heat. the sing for Jesus. I Yeah. Heat. [Music] My heart [Music] and that's why I'm happy tonight. Amen. I'm happy today, aren't you? Let's turn to 127 spiral book. Are you washed in the blood? [Music] Have you entered Jesus? [Applause] Are you in the blood of the lamb? Are you Christ? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] So are you watching? [Music] [Applause] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Are your garments are you? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Amen. Amen. Let's turn over to 113. Leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave them there. Don't let Don't take them there. He didn't bring them back. [Music] the world from you with all I and you have to get along with me. Just remember how he Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] He will surely bring you out in your Lord everybody [Music] and your will be every day and your soul is singing in despair. Jesus knows the way you feel. He say he to the Lord. [Music] Heat. Heat. When your enemy begin [Applause] your burden to the Lord. Heat. Heat. [Music] If you trust, he will surely bring you out to the Lord. [Music] Amen. Let's everyone stand. I'll turn it over. Brother Sam, we'll do that last verse on here. When your hum [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. He will surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord. [Music] Amen. Amen. Take your burden of the Lord and leave it there. Good morning to everybody. Good to be back, Williams. I'm glad glad to be here. We done a lot of uh driving that, you know, to make it, but that's all right. Those old bodies, they don't worry about them. And we're not going to get a new body. We're going to get this body made new. A lot of people say we're going to get us a new one. I got this made new. I'm enjoying being in this one ourselves. But anyhow, we got in this morning 5:00. So if Wade and Donnie and myself we go to sleep on you, don't worry about it. We we'll wake up sooner or later. But uh just we appreciate your prayers and everything. We had a wonderful time of hunting and you know fellowshipping together and all and each one of us got a game of peace. So we we really appreciate that. It was really a good time. Good time fellowshipping and riding and talking and just going away and the Lord made it a good safe trip. So we appreciate appreciate brother for appreciate brother Collins being here this past Wednesday. We were going to try to hook up and all but you getting insulate from hunting until we weren't able to hook up and do but uh we we appreciate brother you know Collins coming this Wednesday and I heard he done a good report you know got a good report. So appreciate it and we're looking forward now to brother Forny coming to speak unto us and just bless our hearts, our souls, our whole being. Right. Amen. So let's just sing. Open the eyes of my heart. Everybody here knows brother Forny. We don't have to introduce him. Everybody knows him. So just open up and listen and receive from the Lord. Okay. Remember our wife, she couldn't sleep last night. So she's been having trouble at sleeping at night. Keep her in your prayers because she just can't sleep. if she can uh sometimes she'll be up all night, you know, and awake and so just just keep her in your prayers. Okay, let's just sing. Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see. I want to see. Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. [Music] Heat. Heat. I love everything. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, I want to see. Hallelujah. Brother Sam said, the only way you going to see God, you going to have to see him manifested through you. Hallelujah. And that's what the word say. little while in the world see me no more. But you shall see me. For I shall be with you even in you to the end of the world. Amen. So if you going to see God, you got to see somebody full of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. And we thank God this morning for being in service with you. Appreciate Brother Sam giving us opportunity to come down and share the word of God. Right. Amen. Uh and I've been here so long I I began to You know, you've been here so long you start feeling like family. That's right. Amen. It is. Hey, thank God. So, I really appreciate everyone here this morning. I'm not going to keep you too long today. I know everybody tired. I traveled a couple weeks ago, 19 hours. I know the field. They got in and you just your body just can only take so much. But we thank God that they That's right. made it in. So, we trust God to give us the strength to say something to to quicken their bodies. Amen. That's right. Hey, as you got your Bibles this morning, let's go to Romans 8. A familiar scripture without it been read over and over and over, but let's just look at it again. Amen. Romans 8, Romans the 8th chapter. And I'm going to begin reading at the 19th verse. And it says, "For the earnest expectation of the creature waited for the manifestations of the sons of God." That's right. For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by the reason of him who had subject the same in hope. Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the childrens of God. That's right. For we know that the whole creation groanth and prevailed in pain together until now. Not only they but ourself also which have the first fruit of the spirit even we ourself grown within ourselves waiting for the adoption to w the redemption of our bodies. Glory let's pray. Lord, I just trust you one more time to help me to yield my body, my mind to you, God. Help me, Lord Jesus, just to step aside. God, use it for your glory this morning. Take full control of the service, know brother Sam, brother Wade, and the other brother that went, Lord, on these trips, God, strengthen all their bodies. Strengthen everyone that made an effort to be here this morning. We ask it in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may be seated in one moment. Thank the Lord for the reading of the word of God this morning. That's right. And we uh took from the scripture. It says, "For the earnest expectation of the creature waited for the manifestations of the sons of God." Glory. And I want to talk on the manifestation of the sons of God this morning. Amen. And we begin to look here, we find here that when we begin to think on manifestation, we begin to think on what in other word the whole creation, the world is falling apart. Your tribulation is hitting the world. I politics is falling apart and everything is waiting for you to find your place so rapture can take place. So I begin to think, I begin to think on a manifestation. And when we think of manifestation and the the majority of time we we think about the manifestation of power. Yeah. And that is what positionally place us as at as the idea of of of the thought today. If I see power then I'm positionally positionally placed. But when Jesus talked on a manifestation in St. Matthew 10, he gave them power. Right. Right. And they cast out devils and they healed the sick. They're not done signs and wonders. And then Jesus turned around and said, "Don't you rejoice over this." Right? He told him about the day and he gave him a manifestation of power. He told him not to rejoice over this, but rejoice because your name is written in heaven. So now he took this manifestation a lot higher than just catching our devils. Exactly. That's right. A manifestation of power. St. Matthew 10. So we find in St. John 1 and verse 12, he said it again. As many have received him to them he gave power to become the son of God. Now ask yourself a question. Which is the most powerful manifestation? Right. Casting out devils or becoming the son of God? Amen. Hallelujah. Boom was a what? Boom was a release of power. Boom was a release of of a manifestation of power. But one casting that devil and the other one become a son of God. So we find here that the manifestation to become a son of God is greater than the manifestation to casting that devil. So we begin to look here and I begin to go here. But Jesus broke it down in his own way of putting this manifestation. How do he speak on it? Yeah. If I turn to St. John 14, man, look at that one real quick. St. John the 14th chapter. St. John the 14th chapter. They just see how Jesus himself talked on this this manifestation of the son of God. Right? St. John 14. Let me begin reading at verse 15. You can follow along here. And he said, "If you love me, do what? Keep my commandments." Right? And I will pray the father and he shall give you another comforter that he may abide with you. Now, when you go to your wherever you're going in the valley, you feel like you're all alone. How do God don't leave you there in when you when when you lost a loved one or something go wrong in life, God don't leave you in? He shall abide with you forever. Exactly. In other words, I will not leave you without a father. I will not leave you without a mother. I will not leave you without a best friend. I will not leave you without a doctor. I will not leave you without a savior. I will not leave you without a healer. I will be with you forever. Amen. Thank you. Right, brother. He said, even the spirit of truth whom the world cannot receive. That's right. Because it seeth him not, neither know of him, but yay know him. Amen. For he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you. Amen. I will not leave you comfort, right? And a child without a father. I will come to to you right a little while and the world see me no more right but you ain't see me because I live you live also right and he he breaks it down right here and where he makes it clear what his mental station what he's looking for right right he says at that day yeah shall No, I am in my blood. Right. Hallelujah. We're going to say first poor. Right. And then he said and yay in me. Second Paul and I in you. Third. Hallelujah. I ain't got to worry. It's all right to know that the father was in that Jesus Christ had the father in him with the revelation. But what about you? That's right. Hallelujah. So he read the word. He did not leave you with a second hand revelation. Amen. Hallelujah. He want to make sure that you understood that God is manifested in you. So Paul, he goes and picks it up in the New Testament. And Paul t like this. He t he took the same concept that Jesus said in St. John 14. Hallelujah. Paul took it in Colossians 1:27. That's right. Amen. Same concept. He said, "To whom is it?" Colossians 1:27. To whom God make known what is the riches of this of the riches of this of the glorious of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you. Amen. The hope of glory. Amen. That was no different than what Jesus was saying in St. John in St. John 14 and verse 20. I am in you. That's right. Paul put it together and pull it in and make it clear. But it was the same revelation. Come on. So we begin. We begin to talk about manifestation. Halleluj. Now I want to begin to hear what kind of manifestation is God looking for for the day or the day that we are in. People got all kind of manifestation. I mean, I said what we done, the majority of people in this message have took the message and preached the Bible right out of it. That's right, brother. Amen. Hold your horses for a minute. You'll see where we going. Hallelujah. Because And what made me take this? I was dealing with a brother and he was in a in a rehab. And brother, he was saying as he was in the rehab, he all he knew was Qu. He did not know the Bible. That's it. I say no. I said it's bad. This boy been reading the message all his life. He don't know that the Bible should have became a new birth. Come on, brother. But he said he didn't even understand the Bible. Oh my. I said, "You can't prove your revelation." That's right. I began to look here. I said, "The reason we got so many courts around the message because they took one quote and build a denomination. If they would have took the quote back to the word of God, they would have showed them what he got already. That's right. But s people don't search the scripture. Come on. They just any any feeling, any sensation. Hallelujah. I got to quote brother say but himself. He always checked his revelation with the scripture. So now we begin to realize here. So we come to the conclusion that what do I believe? I'm prophet or the Bible. Yeah. Right. Now that's the question I'm trying to understand. How can you separate the Bible and the message? That's right. How can you separate the woman from Adam? Come on. Even the very mystery of Adam revealed. Hallelujah. How can you separate the word? The Bible is the word of God. Hallelujah. But the message is what you was in it. Amen. Right. So we begin to look. I said, "Now, how can you separate the prophet and the message?" Oh, right. Right. Let me look it up. I mean, I I took a look up the word in the Greek manifestation of prayer and coming to light me to reveal revelation. Right. Hallelujah. So, begin to look up. So, I had to come up with something that I'm going to try to make it as simple as possible, as simple as I can because I'm going to begin to look at what is your Bible. Your Bible is your road map. Amen. Hallelujah. Your Bible is your road map. Hallelu. When I'm going somewhere, I always search my road map so I can find where I'm going. Honey, if you search the Bible, hallelujah, you'll find out where you at. You'll find out that you come from God. If you're a seed of God, you got to go back the same way. Hallelujah. So, your Bible is your road map. That's right. Everybody clear on that. So you got to you got to have a road map to find your way from point A to point B. He said then what make what do that make your brother? It make your pro your GPS. Hallelujah. It make your brother your GPS. Hallel what the GPS and the ruin mail must say the same thing. Halle your prophet and the Bible. Hal the GPS is the mystery of the road map reveal. That's right. Hallelujah. So in the mystery of the Bible reveal when I want to go somewhere, I come down here this morning. I put in my GPS. Honey, my GPS start. I called brother way. He gave me the address. I punched it in my GPS. And my GPS car me. I normally come another way. I went, but he car me the shortest round. Hallelujah. And he told me, "You turn here. You turn here. And you turn here." And what did he do? And when I be looking at the Bible, I love it. be laid at the wrong mouth. It reveals the place I told you. I knew in other words, if you stay with the prophet, I knew he would take you straight to the word of God. What do GPS mean? GPS mean God provided service. Hallelujah. In other words, God provided way to take you from point A to point B. That's right. Amen. That's right. Hallelujah. Don't let this game use it. He used a brother here and he didn't work. You say, "Well, sometime my GPS car me down a certain road." But you remember sometime your GPS car you off a certain road. When it do you get nervous, you get upset if you if you would let if you would keep driving and you would keep you will keep kind of renewing yourself around. If you notice your if your GPS tell you off the same road, if you keep driving and keep renewing your car around, it will pick back up. How God let you go through a trial that you and you say, "God, you don't let me stay with the GPS." It'll put you right back on the road. Hallelujah. So we begin to look at him. But I said that to say this. So we begin to look at. Why are peoples not understanding the manifestations of the sons of God? Right? Cuz what Jesus said in his own words in St. Matthew 22:29, he says, "And Jesus has said unto him, yeah, you not knowing the scripture, right? Notice the power of God." So he put the arrow there, not because they went to church, not because they were holy, because they didn't know the scripture. And when you don't know the scripture, you don't know where you're going. Amen. If you notice here, Jesus told him this way. Say John 5 and verse 39. Jesus says, "Search the scripture." He went, "Search the scripture." Right? He said, "Search the scripture for in them you think you have eternal life and they or they would testify of me." In other words, he was trying to they trying to find me without certain description. Hallelujah. We find her. So, we got to have some we got to have some evidence. We got to have some physical or some revelated evidence that we are children of God because Jesus said like this. Jesus said like this. He said your name he rejoice because your name is written in heaven. That's right. How can we even comprehend who my name is? That's right. There got to be some evidence in the scripture to let me know I'm the son of God. That's right. There got to be some evidence in the scripture to let me know where I come from and let me know where I'm going. How should we find here till we find in St. John 10 Jesus had to bring out evidence and we got to know who we are. And Jesus say John 10:4 he and verse four and when he put forth his own sheep y he go before them and the sheep follow him for they know his voice so now we realize here if you are son of God you have got the ability to hear the voice of God that tells you who you are and he says he said well no don't matter if you You're not. Oh yes, it does. That's why you find in St. Matthew 13:15-6, he said, "For the peoples, the people's heart is vex gloss and the earth are hearing." So now he bring he put it on he bringing the two seeds and he put them together and he said one of her hear if they cannot hear they are not sons of God. So he putting it here. He's trying to bring evidence that the bride of Christ will have the ability to hear his voice. Amen. That's right. And he said the people, he said their ears are dull hair and their eyes and their eyes they have glow. Lest at any time they should see with their eyes and hear with the earth and and understand with their heart. Amen. Understand with their hearts, right? And he understand with their heart and shall be converted and I shall heal them. In other words, so he put it right here. He except they understand with their heart how they bleed and hear with the earth. But he didn't say why what he did. They not got the ability to hear the voice for that day. Honey, but he said blessed on your eyes. I am blessed. Blessed on your earth and your ear for they can't hear. Hallelujah. My sheep hear my voice. Hallelu. So when we got here, we said, "Well, people say, I want to hear the voice of God." That's the question. Yeah. Come on. The question is the voice. Yeah. The question is, The question is, in other words, so we've been trying to make this thing come out, right? Because everybody trying to hear the voice. How? So we and everybody want to say, "Well, Rachel, I can hear the voice. How I was listening to radio and I hear the voice speak." We hear how the perfect people make uncertain sounds. There many voices. Oh, yeah. How will you detect which one is God and which one ain't God? How you and the only way you will know which one is God? The voice will always line back up with the wrong right. He said it like this in one place just wrote it down here. He said, "Sir, he said God got a voice that he going to use. Surely God would do nothing except he reveals his secret to the servant, the prophet. And the word that word look at the word surely. It means assurance. It means confidence. It means guarantee. Honey, I guarantee that God would not use no other way to add the He would not use no other program. I stand on his spiritual GPS. But God will not use no other way to breathe to make the vital meal without coming through that channel. I don't care how you cut the cake. He always got to go through the GPS. Hallelujah. That's his mystery to reveal. Hallelujah. Go. Bless you. So now we begin to look here. So say the prophet is the GPS. So if the prophet is the GPS, every revelation he got must come from the Bible. Amen. People preach this Bible and he talk about this book and don't brother Brandon preach another Bible. If he preach another Bible, he is a false prophet because Paul preach he I preach the life and I preach what Paul preach. Amen. So we don't want to find make a prophet add to the word of God. Come on. So in so he in the word he say it was he said in word John didn't write it but it was still in the book. Right. He didn't write it but it was still in the book. Come on. What did he write? What did John didn't write? What John didn't write? Sill up. He said seal it up John. Don't write with the seventh under. What did he write? He didn't write the vessel. He didn't reveal who the vessel was. Did he reveal who John was? John had to declare himself by the road man. That's right. I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness. That's right. How he had to declare, I am the vessel. That Jesus said, what did you go out to see? Hallelu. They were looking for the wrong revelation. They were looking for a certain way God found to recognize that God was hid. Hallelujah. He said the message future home page did the prophet revelation had to come from the scripture. Come on. Amen. I don't care what vision he had. I don't care how many dreams he had. It must come back to the road map. If we're going to follow the GPS, it must stay with the road map. Right. future on pay attention. He said, "I always find my message is by prayer." That's right. I be still said I be setting in prayer and something revealed to me. In other words, I don't just jump up when I first hear the first revelation. Hallelujah. I feel that. I know that come from God. I feel it. Oh man. Revelation ain't got nothing to do with filth. Revelation come to do with substance. it to do with God gave it to you and that mean that the devil can't change my mind. Hallelujah. How you know that God gave it to you? You must go back to the road map. That's right. And he said he said something revealed to me and I wait on on it a few minutes and see. And if it's right, then I feel it's closer and closer and then something I keep waiting until it breaks into a vision. Come on. How many more people see the vision, they say that's it? That's all you need. Well, if the only thing if the vision don't line up with the word, then it's antichrist. How many oppose if any angel or any other man from hell preach any other gospel? If it don't line up with the word, it is a false curse. That's right. You said, "Brother Junior, you going to see my man in a minute?" Hallelujah. So, he said, then what he said? He didn't bring it through and when he begin to come and I am satisfied it come from God then I go to the scripture. Hey what do he had to take it back to the right man. Hey when we get something we go to a quote we need to go to the scripture. How the church is all out of bounds now preach right brother. Exactly. He did I go to the scriptures see that see that is the see to be the com the confirmation of the of every spiritual thing that is done because the Bible is the complete revelation of Jesus Christ. See it is his body. So now he say I search it back to the scripture. How do I go back to the scripture? My vision and everything must line up with the Bible. That's right. There you go. If you got a revelation that don't, you need to check it out. That's right. Hallelujah. Because it got to come back to the scripture. Amen. So now we begin to look here because now we we we you know we know that brother Brad we know that brother Brady here. We know that brother Brad been here and he and his job was his job was not to come and bring another Bible. That's right. His job was not to preach another Jesus. His job was to make this Bible That's right. become a new book. Amen. A new Bible. And you said this old book, does anybody know that this book is just a old Bible? That grandmother had it, your granddaddy had it, the grandmother for that brother had it, your grandfather read it. So, you know, it's nothing new by just looking at a Bible. Right. Right. So, but the prophecy must become a new Bible. He doesn't feed the truth on payday. He said he said the Bible became a new Bible. Right. He said it's it's opened up and revealed all the things that the reform of things had left out. It is the complete revelation of Jesus Christ all together to us but perfectly exactly not with some sensation exactly with the scripture. The the the word that has been the word the word no that was the word which had already always been. So now he takes the Bible. He say the Bible is a brand new life. How you what make it a brand new Bible? How you doing? What make it new? What make the Bible new? And when it begin [Music] if it ain't turn on flesh, you still read what you say. You look good. You say now you how they going to become a new Bible. That's a good question. So we find I want to read another quote here then I'm going use the prophet saying feast that the trumpet paid levy he said but god has lied to his people of every age is scripture right y so you know what it is the people trying to get some other sensation right trying to produce something that's not scriptural revelation so what they doing they trying to produce a sensation of producing a court trying to make something out of it how they are not taking it back to the scripture honey So he's a he that the god like the ever age and ever age in scripture and before the egg can come into existence at the time the church had got it so mixed up right but trying to interpret the word of God without the scripture. That's right. Amen. You cannot take a quote and make it and and build a foundation on took the Bible and made the foundation. How many and it never changed. That's right. We the one that changed the prophet change from there. Hallelujah. So you said, "Brother Julian, I know he said and they got so that they do not even know where they failed to recognize Jesus." Come on. Just being they fa recognize Jesus being the son of God. Their traditions had blinded their eyes. Amen. But he was exactly with the scripture. So now everything has been done and everything have been done. It all goes back to one foundation, scripture. Hallelujah. So we begin to hear. So we realize here. So now we want to I'm talking on the manifestations of the sons of God. So now we looking at the manifestation of the son of God. So that impossible for anybody to get have understand the scripture without a manifestation of the son of God. Come on. Back by the rules of them boys could not have a revival. No. And then when them boys left from the road from Emma, how do they read it? A whole book. They were reading the old scroll. But the scroll needed to put skin on. So what did Jesus do? How do Jesus tell? He come up and he stepped out in a in a in a glorified body. A body that the eyes could not recognize because Jesus didn't say faith come see me. He said faith come. I see here my Lord. I see my face. So he had to reveal himself by a voice, by a voice, a scripture voice. So when he stepped out, what did he do? He went right back to the scripture. He went right back to the manifestation of the son of God. He went to Moses. Amen. Why? Because Moses a manifestation of God. Amen. And he took Moses and he took the scripture and he be to show himself. Come on, brother. He begin to show himself in the scripture, right? And at ending time, at evening time, they begin to realize something is different. Honey, we need to have a revival. Come on. I don't know where this stranger come from, but this man, the way he used it, broke the scripture. I never heard it like this before. So, we need to do they said come on in and restrain him in the evening time. Why? Because it will be a scripture revival. Come on. Hallelujah. Open worm and power. So what he do? He said, "I want to hear. We going to give you the honor to break the break." That's it. And Jesus says, "All right." Amen. He knew when he broke the bread, they going to tear the seals over himself. Hallelujah. He knew when he broke the bread, he going to have to open the seals to him. Hallelujah. Because he was a seal mystery to him at that time. And the resurrection was still sealed to him. So once he break the bread, he was going to break the seals over him. Hallelujah. He broke the bread and he get to hand the bread up and begin the hand the piece up and he hand the be and the bread was not consumed. They remember that a one man that can break bread like that and not the Messiah come on when the eyes come on it they knew him. But Jesus didn't leave right there just to know him. That's right. Because just to know Jesus alone won't move the devil. That's right. You got to know that he's in you to move the devil. Right. How you know this? Because you say I quote the message don't mean nothing to the devil. How they show the way you how you know because we had we had the sons of it that was under Paul teaching. That's right. So now when they met the demon they quoted Paul we enjoy in the name of Jesus what Paul preach the devil said you better get out of my face. You won't even got a revelation for yourself. You hang a scripture and Jesus did not leave us hanging up with the eyes open. Come on. Open the eyes of my heart. He want the hearts to open to. What did he open it to? To understand the scripture. That's right. If you go back to the 45th verse, he said he open their understanding that they may understand the scripture. Hallelujah. He knew if they cannot understand the scripture, just know him. Hallelujah. When he leave, they going to still be in confusion. Come on. But if they understand the scripture, they would not be disappointed. That's right. Now we begin to look here. Now let's say this we don't we don't we done talked on Jesus but what do we fit a with the scripture with the metal station with revelation. Where do we come in a good now we always we always talk about faith. Everything that you got to have is faith. You know you you talk to somebody today and and the first thing you know they'll say brother you got to have faith. How do you in other words? Uh, and let me just see here in in Hebrews 6, Hebrews 11, excuse me. I want to read faith. And look at faith. And God said, "What does that say? Faith." Okay. Hebrews 11 verse 6. And we let just all of us read this one together because we talking about faith. Yeah. Okay. So we won't be we got to have this. It says Hebrews 6 Hebrews 11:6 but without faith it is what? Impossible. I don't care how holy you are. I don't care how righteous you are. I don't care how long you wear your dressing. I don't how you but all your shirt. I don't care how good you done been to your neighbor without faith. Amen. You just going through emotion. Amen. That's right. Hallelujah. And so he says here without faith it is impossible to please him. That's right. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is and that he is a rewarder of them that gently seek him. Seek him. So now we got to we come up with a question. We come up with a question because the point of it is all right. I'm going to ask you to have faith. Right? Have faith. Right. Somebody have faith. Right. Faith is not like a coat you put on and take off. Faith is something that you once is revealed to you, nobody can change your mind about it. That's right. So if you got faith, how do you then I ask you to have faith? Have faith. You all right? I got faith. And I know I needed faith. All right. You can have enough faith to move mountain, cast that doubt, and still not have it. It's all mine. That's right. So now you just got faith but have the faith. So now it was a different between having a faith and def faith. Paul said say uh in 1 Corinthians 13 though I have faith I can move mountain and have faith to do all these things but have not charity I am nothing. That's it. So is no is no substance that ain't got a faith. Come on. But Paul talk about another faith. What that faith was not the faith that cast but the faith that I become a son of God honey it is the is the faith a defaith of the son of god so now he brought it to another now we need a manifestation in the word so we got to have it got to be a channel so we can get faith right amen cuz you can't dream favor come on you can't shout favor Come on. You can't holler faith. That's right. That God only way when you have faith, it must take a manifestation. Come on. Show me in the scripture. God did it any other way. Come on. So let us go to the book of Romans. Romans 10. Can we talking about he said for the earnest expectation of the creature waiting for the manifestation of a son of God. Hallelujah. So now we need to find here order to have faith. They going to have to take a manifestation. How they going to have to take it they going to take a manifestation. So now let us go to Romans 10 and I want to begin reading something I want you to read with me. Honey I'm going to begin reading at verse 13. It say whosoever shall call up under the name of the Lord shall be what? Everybody hear that? Amen. So now everybody that call upon the name of Jesus be saved. Hallelujah. The brother God said in the revelation of the church, he said he a called Jesus Jesus Jesus. He said they don't get nothing because his name is revealed in abundance. Hallelujah. When holl Jesus all day long me ain't got a revelation. All right. Jesus is a revelation of the whole mystery of God. It ain't just it ain't just knowing. And when we think about Jesus, we think about the revelation of God. It go it open up the whole entire mind of God. Right. Amen. So he says here, he said, "Whoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved." Right. Right. But the point of it is, how can you call on somebody? That's right. You don't know who he is. That's right. How can you in other way if we didn't know who God was? We wouldn't be no more than just the rest of he in the world. Come on. How do you prove your God? We need a manifestation. Yeah. Something to make God real to us. Come on. That's it. So God only way you will have a manifestation of God, he got to have skin. That's right. Show me in the scripture what God ever made himself known to man without skin. Hallelujah. Once he made his revelation known and once he revealed it, once Abraham received the revelation of the body chain, God had skin on. Hallelujah. He stood in skin to make the mystery live for his age. How should we find here? Let us finish reading the 14th verse. It says, "How then shall they call on him and whom they have not what?" Believe. Hallelujah. So now we got a question. They calling on him, but how you going to call on him when they have not believed? That's right. Then he going to answer the question. And how shall they believe in him whom they have not what? Amen. Heard. In other words, because Jesus said, "My sheep hear my voice." That's right. So if they hear him, how can they call them? Come on. Come on. Now you say, "Well, I heard the wind blow. He spoke the men." Oh my. Well, I'm going to tell you what you better check it up with the scripture. Hallelujah. And he said, "So God got a way to break it down." He said, And he said, "How shall they hear?" And how shall they hear how and go, "And how shall they hear without a preacher?" I don't say tape recorder. It don't say internet. It don't say somebody sitting with a gift in their life trying to interpret a var. He is a manifestation of the son of God. Thank you. That's right, brother. Come on. He's under the same anointing. There's a problem with that. And as you heard to be made known to make you see the word that help your faith to be lifted up to another level. I just show you and whether you when you didn't think God was going to use you preacher. Why would God go through the why would Paul go through the river more of putting a putting Roman E1 in where he put some apostle some prophet that is not why he want you to understand it must be God skin on what you looking at this morning you don't come to church to look at this veil you come to look at the mighty God [Applause] that's right blessing he says this and he said how He said then in the 15th verse, "And how shall they preach except they be what?" It's a lot different between the word sent and went. It's a totally different. Hallelujah. We got a lot of preachers that don't went and all they can say is, "Brother Brady said it." But can you say, "Can you take him out to the scripture and produce the revelation?" Come on now. Honey, because brother Brandon would say it, but he can produce it in the scripture. That's why he can challenge them people. He didn't say, "I approve it by quote." He said, "I tell you to bring your Bible." That's right. Stand beside me and prove it to me. Amen. Amen. That's it, brother. That's right. We got to learn brother said, "But they can't take it to the scripture." That's right. And if you can't take it to the scripture, you ain't got no foundation nowhere. And so he says here and he said, "How shall they preach they be sent as it is written? How beautiful are the feasts of them that preach the gospel of peace and bring glad tidings of good land. Now first on he when he done this here why would Paul go through the the trouble that let you understand feast right? Yeah, he could have the feet. He wouldn't have put eliminated put feet there specific. Then we could have said, "Well, it don't matter how you hear it going to be tape recorder. It could be the internet." But remember, the instrument that God uses must have feet. That's right. Amen. That's right. What he done to get this going to be God standing. So when he told when he when he come down to step your kid, he wanted feet. That way he told him to take off your shoes. How many look at your pretty feet? What it was? It was it was a symbolic type that God would be standing behind. How God would take his possession behind his skin. That's right. That's right. Then he go to says, "For they have not all obeyed the gospel." Uhoh. For Isaiah said, "The Lord who have believed our report." Right? In other words, so then faith cometh by what? How do you and by hearing what? Word of God. How do how can you hear without what? So it would take a manifestation of a God with skin on it. How do you If he ain't got skin on it, how do you don't know who he is, but when he come down and make the word live. That's right. He will be able to break the bread and the bread won't run out. Hallelujah. begin to look at him. Hallelujah. Don't think I'm too crazy. But every time God made the word known to anybody, he always had to use skin. Once he begin to break the mystery part of it, he come behind skin. When Abraham met me, he had to have skin on it. Hallelujah. The word of God, he made the revelation live. He made the word live. He made it live behind skin. He put a skin on him to make the word live. When St. Luke 17 and 30, what the prophecy of St. Matthew 17 and 30. What opening the scripture? What make that scripture come to pass? Not because you read it. What made the scripture come to pass when God had a body available that he can step in? That's right. St. Luke 17 can St. Luke 17:30 couldn't open until God had the vessel. Neither could God come to the earth until the first vessel was there. Her first had to be in a certain spot. She had to be a chosen one. Right. And once she was chosen, the first she was blessed of God. It was an accident. God know he knew her. So all that history all that time and see passed down from grandfather to grandmother to grandma all the way down. And one day the right woman showed up. And once the right woman showed up, it was time to open the scripture. Hallelu. God had skin on it. Hallelujah. And when he opened the scripture with skin on it, he brought Christ to earth. When Christ come to earth, he had skin on. Honey, when Christ leaves earth, he'll have skin on it. Hallelujah. He didn't just take a theophony body. He took a glorified body. Hallelujah. Worship. Hallelujah. Man, I get where this thing come alive. Amen. So then we find here that he said God have skin. He had to have a vessel that he could step into to open the word. Come on. If you notice here, when he when John was in Revelation 10 and angel begin to cut the sin down, Revelation 10 1-4 and he told him to fill it up. What was he waiting on? The vessel. Amen. History was waiting on the vessel. Amen. And once the vessel came on the scene, God stepped behind. All right. How did he made the scripture it was time to break the seal once God's come behind his skin because he said the seventh seal brought him back to the earth. What earth? Right. Come on. Amen. So we be looking at a god with skin on it. So now here it is. St. Luke 17:30. Here go Abraham come and see three men's coming. Y not not just angelic beings that you looking through. He seen three men. Amen. That stepped in scheme. That's right. Hallelujah. God come down and blow him a body of dust. 16 elements and God stepped in. That's right. How did Abraham seen them coming? Abraham seen three gods. Been glad we're in the trinitarian today. Hallelujah. [Music] Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. But if he would have had that revelation, we wouldn't have had a body change. He had to have the right revelation to change his body. So that same voice that been speaking to him reveal who the person was. So when he saw the person without he might have heard voices speaking he might have seen vision but when he seen the person he knew where he was personal Abraham seen him coming Abraham bound himself Abraham said my Lord that's right single enough he say that word I know who this is and know where these other two angels they might be there but I want to hear Jesus only hear Jesus Lord, honey, my Lord. I knew when Lord saw Lord. Of course, he didn't get a body change. That's right. His wife got a body change, but it was kind of he if you want to call that, but here it is. But anyway, we we might hear that when he singing and why did God do this thing? People when they read the scripture here, they read it and they be still stay mysterious because they say well as it was did he go to L and Son of but that was not what God was trying to show you. What God was trying to show us that in the last day before Sonar be burned God would be standing on earth with skin on it. Why do you think Abraham did this? He had to do something that an angel cannot do. That's right. He had to break something. He had unravel the mystery. He had to open something that a angel couldn't do. You know what that was? He couldn't angel can't eat. Angel can't sleep. So this man stood back there and had a sandwich and drunk the veget. What he done there for one purpose? To show you the last day revelation. It won't be an angel. It'll be God himself. I mean the Lord himself from heaven with a shout and watching all and the trouble of God once the best is on earth. Amen. Keep talking. That's good. That's it. Amen. Skin on it. So we begin to look at her. I ain't going to keep you all day. Don't get nervous. Okay. Don't get I'm just kind of preaching you. But look here. This unit. This unit had the word, but it was a dead book. Why? I need a manifestation to wake them up. It need some God to come down there and show them what what was in the word. You got the unity didn't know what he was reading. He was just reading word and other word you have to read that show you got the will to read. But when you see the manifestation of it when your pastor stand behind them and begin to break those things down and you begin to see God that's the manifestation. What an angel pastor is a god behind. So the union would read and he probably was a smart man. He was raised he was uni. He was in this guy was guy probably been to college everything. But see, when he got down to it, education don't open this mystery. So baby, even though he had the ability to read, he didn't have the ability to understand because he had seen the manifestation yet. But once he saw the manifestation of the son of God, it opened his understanding. How do you still read? He going to fill up that air and ask him a question. Do you understand what you read? Man, this man, okay, he said, why didn't he have faith? He had some type of faith. He believed the scripture some type of way, but he didn't open it up to him. And what did he say? How can I understand? That's right. Except some man teach me except I see or not of the son of God. And Phil took the scripture and open them up. God had skin on him when he did that. Amen. In other words, you go back and you follow Acts 19 followed and they were baptizing in John. Yep. But they didn't see the Holy Ghost. Right. Exactly. Cuz they would look if they were looking at they said, "We don't even know where there be a Holy Ghost." Why they couldn't find the Holy Ghost? No other place. The only place they could find the Holy Ghost was in the the body of Christ because that's where he was. So they going to take the Holy Ghost behind his skin to make him see that. [Music] Glory. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. He says here, he begin to go here. He talking about this. I'm talking about a god with skin on. Hallelujah. He goes right here in the sale book, page two, 2:24. He said, he said, but he said it was in the end time period that the seven thunders Jesus came Jesus came forth. Revelation 10 1-4 and cried with a loud voice as a lion roar and when he had cried seven thunders uttered their voices and when the seven thunders had uttered their voices and utter their voices when the seven had uttered their voices I was about to write write what write what he did not reveal the if he would have revealed the vessel the devil would have killed Luther a long time ago Right. Yeah. If the devil would have knew that Luther was going to be the one that raised up and only part of that revelation, the devil would have got him behind and got him off the scene. Right. Why you think the devil with Jesus Jesus coming to Mary was a mysterious birth. The devil couldn't tap in on the third pool. But he knew that Elizabeth had been captivated by she had a supernatural. So if you notice here, why do you think the devil go down there immediately tax? Come on. The baby didn't move. He was intend to kill John. Why did he? Because he knew that God couldn't come to the earth except to probably come first. Oh my. Hallelujah. He knew if God that be true and Mary testimony is true, then John got to be stopped. Right. Right. Blessing. God will surely do nothing. That's right. He knew that. Right. Come on. So he said if I could stop J birth then that is true that Mary testifying because he know that Mary didn't have no sensation. He didn't understand the mystery of the Holy Ghost without sensation. So he didn't understand that right. So we begin to look at him. So we realize here it had to be a god with skin on it before I read the equation system. So that way, that way when John was in Revelation 11:17, you find that John once he saw this mighty revelation unfold, this mighty revelation unfold, what did John say? Let me read that one. Yeah. Revelation one. I'm not ready to parachute. Don't get noticed. Bless you. Cuz y'all got a teacher here. He can take me break this stuff down. I won't have to worry about this. So I got it scattered but he'll know how to go and hound this back. He said how you know I prayed with him before. That's right. I seen the go with skin on we was in Jamaica. was a man we got through I can hardly man so so John revelation the watches in revelation one this great mighty revelation unfolding to John get beside himself emotion over took him any time revelation come they got a little emotion today once revelation start bringing you can't help get stal it ain't so much you know today we look at the emotion and we got the music jump in everybody holling and shout They would have told her I'm going to bride emotion. Hallelujah. When you know the word living on the inside of you, I do something bound to take place. Amen. Amen. So when John seen this, Revelation 11:17 and when I saw And now watch how he read this. John Revelation 11:17. And when I had when I saw who him a personal pronoun, not them. How did it show him? In other words, John revelation had to be the same revelation that Abraham did. Once he saw it, he had to see one God, too. Hallelujah. We don't make too many gods out of this message. Hallelujah. In other words, we don't make too many. He said, "When I saw him, I fell at his feet. I fell at his feet as dead." Right? Why he had feet? Because he was, in other words, he was he was in a angelic presence. He was in that angelic presence. He seen that being that supernatural revelation. Hallelujah. In other words, something was unfolding here. Hallelujah. But John, I got up beside myself. I fell in his feet this day. Amen. And watch what this and this this had be unfold. And he laid his right hand upon me and said unto me, fear not. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Fear not. For I am the first and the last. It can't nobody be the first and the last but God. And I am he that liveth and was what? and and behold, I'm alive forever more. Amen. And hell, the keys of hell and a death. He was said, "I'm a dead way." What would he say? What you say in John is already been covered. Amen. And it was so when John find Revelation, he goes to Revelation 5. Yep. Yep. He seen this revelation open him but he you know he no doubt he could not comprehend everything was going on. So, Revelation B, he got John knew the only way the seals could ever be broke, God had to be have skin on him, right? So now John himself, he getting all and then went to Revelation 5 without he told John to find me a man. Right. First off, John didn't buy a man, but everybody was born by sex. So John knew there was no manifestation. That's right. If it was no manifestation, there ain't going to be no revival. Right. Right. And John knew if they're going to take a manifestation with a godly skin on it or else the whole thing over with. Why you think the man would cry? He had looked in heaven. He had looked on earth. John the Baptist had they had an interview with him. Why the man I'm not worthy. Why? Because the scripture said he would. So now he was crying and then he say I hear the voice say, "Behold your weep not behold the line of the tribe of Judah." Amen. The root and offspring of David has prevailed to take the book John turn to look what he see. Why did he see lamb? Because that's incarnated God. I mean when you talk to God when John the Baptist saw it and John the Baptist when he walk in the water he saw incarnated water. Behold the lamb of God. When he saw the spirit it was in the form of the door. Right? So when you see the word lamb is incarnated. So God was incarnated. When John see the incarnated word, he knew the seals was open. He knew that God would break the word. I mean, so he start howling and shouting and praising God. While he go, he knew right there. It was already paid for and his name was on the book. Then he goes on. So that revelation, that revelation kind of and it moves on and it moves on and then we need another manifestation. So John has another manifestation with Revelation 11:17. He turned around had the same manifestation with Revelation 19 and 10. Because when he saw this angel, he done the same thing. He he fell and he started to worship. How the other he felt dead, but now he deceived in Revelation 5 was open. So he saw this angel. This time he worshiped him. But this angel in Revelation 19:10, he would not receive worship. That's right. Why? Even though he was when he went to worship this angel, this angel immediately let him know it ain't me. Come on. In the mighty God, he had his skin. Amen. Worship God. John, don't worship me. He pointed him back to the word. Amen. Hallelujah. Had to do it. Right. So he says here, he says, he said in the last period in the last in the last time period that the seven thunders of Jesus will come forth. Revelation 10:1-3 and cried with a loud voice and when a lion ro and when he had cried seven thunders uttered their voices and and when the seven thunders had uttered their voices and when the seven thunder had uttered their voices I was about to write and I heard a voice from heaven and he seven thunders uttering but one voice speaking seven but one voice speak I would not luke the message it would not lit It was the voice of God for it was God manifesting himself behind skin that but we always get the vessel mixed up we always trying to worship give glory to flesh we need to give glory to God he's not here we don't need a return we don't need once the seal the voice is here now you know here because the ministry still lives on we really when the bride have a revival he was going all night. What do you see consisting and better than the pastor? That's right. What it is is God behind skin. Amen. And I hear the voice of him saying unto me, send up those things which the seven thunders uttered and write them not. And I what was in those seven thunders? No one know. But we need to know and it will and it will take a prophet. Now it goes right. Why did he go to a prophet? because he knew that was God's GPS. Hallelujah. He knew if God going to make it known, he got to be a prophet on earth to reveal the map. Hallelujah. So he knew that it going to be it was not he knew that the seven thunder would not open until the man was on the scene. So you realize here do you let me I'm getting ready. I want you to notice right here. Do you realize why do you think that the prophet when he got to Cal Egypt God say stop right? Why you think he stopped him from going into Israel? Brother never went to Israel, by the way. He wanted his desire to go to Israel. Why you think that the prophet had to stop before he go Israel? Because of that body would have put his feet on that ground. It would have opened the scripture. That's right. Because the feet of the trumpet revelation 11 where he open that seal is on two trumpets of the two brothers. That's right. And brother would have been ahead of the time and the scripture can't be broken. Right. Amen. That was to show you that was Elijah behind skin or God behind skin. Hallelujah. So, so God said, "No, I cannot let you take this body and step on Israel's soul. If you do it, you'll break every scripture because when Elijah shows up, right, Israel heart immediately will turn back. Glory. Exactly. Blessed. That's right. It would take a prophet to reveal. It would take a prophet to get the revelation. that God had no other way to bring it out, right? Bring it out of his scripture, right? So, it was in the scripture all the time, but there was no other way to bring it out. So, we had to wait till the vessel come in order to understand the scripture. That's why we probe that do seven churches because the woman can't give a light, right? The woman has not carried to carry a light. So, it going to take the body. It going to take the man to be on earth to make the scripture live. Amen. So if you notice after he get this revel agent right here immediately he seals the wound of the bride why it's time to put skin on the word once you get your wound seal time to put it in flesh so he says he didn't reveal exactly what he reveals exactly by a prophet the word always come by a prophet and always will get ready I want you to notice here we can just go on and on It ain't no use for I want to read one on the on the body now because it's you. It ain't just it ain't just what brother was saying. Once the revelation come and you receive this revelation and recognize this revelation being eagleful, you are changed into the image of the living God. You have heard from your theology. You know where you come from and you know where you're going. How does your in the book of doct page 56 what is the body of Christ? Amen. The question was that what is the body of Christ? He says some are apostles, some are prophets, some are teachers, some are evangelist and some are pastors. Is that right? We call others and then you start dealing with gifts. Yeah. People come to this message and we say, "Well, we ain't got no more gifts." No, he didn't put it in order. A true gift always works. You can't stop, you can't shed down a water. You can't hold up a whale and pump it on his own. Right. If you got a true gift in his life, how if we get out of order, we just put it back in the right place. We didn't need to be tied. Hallelujah. That's right. We put the people tied out in the church. We don't need that. We revelation. Show me what God took it out. Amen. Exactly. That's right. It just ain't emphasis. We don't put emphasis on. But if God want to get up here and speak in tong, give me interpretation. And when we talk about tongues, we ain't talking about the Lord saying you blessed. But I didn't read the word know that. Right. That's right. But when you talk about tongues and interpretation, it reveal something that's here. Right. Do you realize in brother Godwin church, anybody from Kamasi, West Africa? But anyway, in brother Godwin church in West Africa, his church is so gifted. Even when I went, man, I had a prayer buddy. Hey, brother. They told me said, "Man, you better pray, man. I put everything I had in the blood. Man, every nerd up. Brother God church is so gifted. A brother had committed adultery. Never mentioned hidden in another city. Was an elder in the church. Hallelujah. Sister with the Holy Ghost stood up. Amen. In order not against what the preacher was preaching. Hallelujah. It was a open rebuke because it was a open singing. Hallelujah. So what did she do? She stands up and she starts speaking in tongue. A man in the back turning the Lord say how he went going around. The Lord said somebody here come and do a sh. No. He said let this out. They going to use a fix your name and he had the Lord say brother Jeff. He was up doing a job a couple weeks ago and he went out and laid and had a little lady. She had a black hair set up and the man jumped up. He ain't nothing the truth and repenting. That's a true gift of God. And you can't take that out of the church because he ain't put it in the church to keep it clean. Right. Amen. That's right. We had that back in the church. There be a lot of this internet junk people call. How a lot of filth people got called up into how they hiding the sin. How they committing adultery. How you say, "Well, brother Joe, I ain't never tell." How you sit there and flirt all day long with some man on the internet that you don't even know. Now let the same thing you can you guilty of a devil if you take it or not know if it not by the way right. Let me leave it alone. He says here we get right here. He said and other gifts and tongues interpretation of the tongue wisdom, knowledge, miracles, working of miracles. That's right. All those different divine gifts. God is still doing the same thing that he did with brother Brandon here. But he just ain't doing it to get men or it going to be one man show. It going to be a minister. It going to be in the body of Christ. I might have a gift to do this people. You know I I tell people listen what you preach. I preach deliverance. I mean you know I preach deliverance. How do God be a man one way? I don't try to pull in on another man territory. I preach deliverance. I been in Jesus Christ as the same as he was yesterday, today. He standing right behind his word. If he don't stand behind the world, we got a right to throw the Bible away. Throw his mess away. Man, I don't need a dead god a dead history. If he's real, then he need to step behind it. And I know he will. He got time after time after time. Just left Ohio. Just left Ohio. Why was in Ohio? Got a call from a sister from down inside. She said, "I got a her say he's an older man. He got cancer and during his chemo, he got he done got himself out of bounds, you know. He fell and he broke his broke his arm and then he it started to heal and he out again. He fell and done popped it again. So she knew this thing. She would call him. She said, "Bru, I didn't know the man." I put it in my GPS. She gave me I said, "I'll go pray for him." I said, "Do what you want." Hallelujah. So we went down there. We drove an hour and a half down there where he was. He was expecting. So we come in. We talked to him a little bit about God. I said, "Now that prayer for you now." I said, "I ain't got to just say the Lord that God gonna do something for this man, but I ain't got to just say the Lord he ain't." Hallelujah. So all I need to do is pray the prayer of faith and lead the rest up to God. Hallelujah. So we did what the scriptures say we pray for. But I did say that I said God that they this family know that you are real that we are not presenting the day of God. Let them see a miracle. Amen. You said what happened? What you think happened? They saw a miracle. The doctor the doctor raise that arm and the doctor come out even come out said this got to be a miracle say it got to be a miracle your shoulder look as good as a 17y old boy let you know Jesus Christ is still doing the same thing and by God to throw the boulders in why you went there for the army here he said I don't even understand your blood c was falling now your sales are building back up and fighting the c on the Jesus Christ yesterday we done here. Hallelujah. But we got to know how we got to let go. We got to know who living on this Thank you, Lord. Come in as the musicians get ready to come. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Musician, take it back. I'm going to You know when I was in the world, God bless you. God bless you, sir. When I was in the world, I went into football. I went into basketball. I ain't and I'm not got nothing against him. I I need to get out and do a little bit of basketball doing something. I'm not against himself. I'm just saying I didn't do it. I was into boxing. I love boxing. Kickboxing. I kickboxed for three years and more and I had one more belt for being a black belt. I really was into that kickboxing stuff. But my favorite champion was, and you know how to say his name, Muhammad Ali. And the reason I like Muhammad Ali so good because he declared himself to be the best. He said, "We told him I said he told himself." I mean, he declared himself to be the champion of the world. Nobody didn't tell him and nobody couldn't talk it out of him. He was the champion. If you like it or not, how you know who told him that? He told himself. That's right. Amen. And I say, you know, Muhammad Ali said, "I'm the champion." That's right. And he begin to confess and he begin to believe it. And he begin to talk it. His body begin to perform. He didn't even know God that you know he was a Muslim that believed in the So he believed in his faith. Faith no matter what level you walking on, he'll work for you. of Muhammad Ali said. But the point what made Muhammad Ali the best was not because he never been beat. It's because he never acknowledged it. How can he beat a man if he don't acknowledge? Why do you think we over there fighting over there overseas fighting a bunch of people we'll never beat because they can't understand. That's right. We just wasting time. Right. So you need money. Yeah. When you chose Muhammad Ali, it was the problem with Joe Fraser fighting Muhammad Ali. If anybody else saw that fight, Joe Fraser beat the man. Amen. I literally beat the man. It was no, it was no great camera to that. He was smoking Joe beat the man. But the problem was Muhammad Ali didn't know it. He didn't know he would beat I'm the champion. I said, you know, if we come to that revelation, we'll show confusion the devil. If the devil knock you down, you get back and say, "The greatest he is in me." The devil said, "I don't know what to do with these people." Hey, I don't know what to do with these people. Every time I die, they get back and praise God. But he says here, "And at the end of the day, I'm closing with this. They go to get all the former champions. Joe Fraser, George Foreman, Ken Norton, Space, Holmes. They have a whole line of them sitting at a table. At this time, Muhammad Ali speech is real blur and his mind is kind of in and out. And he was sitting around the table and everybody was talking about the glorious days of being champion. And Muhammad Ali did like this. He says, "I'm the best." And every one of them says, "Amen." He told his enemies so low, he told his opponent so low he was the best. They start believing it. He told him so long and they start testifying. He was the best. Oh, hallelujah. We got We got scripture to put the devil on the run. Right. Amen. But what mattered me about him more than anything, he believed his Bible. Muhammad Ali believed in the Quran. He believed his Bible so much that he was not satisfied the name classic clay. Right. He feel like he was not giving his Bible enough praise. Muhammad Ali said, "I can't take this thing right here being just being classic clay." Hallelujah. Class of CL. Hallelujah. He said, "No, I want to be more identified with my Bible." So he changes his name to his Bible. Why? Because he wanted to be the mystery of the Quran revealed. Hallelujah. So he said, "I am called Muhammad Ali." He was identifying himself with his Bible. I said, "You know that is it." I said, "Now you know, we done come here." That was getting to move the bride up to one place. How you mean? If you notice here, he be moving us up. He said, "I don't no longer call you church. I call you brother." So he brought us from one level and but you remember we got to go in and they coming out and the church is coming out bright. We have halfway there but we're not all the way down. Why you not all the way? Because God would never pregnant you and bride. He will pregnant his wife. Amen. So you can have a bride and she still not be pregnant. When you sitting at the marriage supper and you and your wife sitting there, you're eating. She's not your wife. Hallelujah. She's not your wife and you take her to the honeymoon. Hallelujah. Once you take the honey that we see follow you. Hallelujah. So we we just good enough. Hallelujah. I got my bride. No. Come on. Right. I'm not a bride. Come on. I didn't win a lot more than bride. Right. Cuz my scripture don't call me bride. My scripture said the wife. Honey. If I'm a wife, that mean I'm already pregnant. Honey, the wound of life is already fil. And I cannot commit adultery. Honey, I'm already caught up. The word is already in blood and I wound it as white now. He would never pregnant you till you become wife. Do you know him as wife? I no longer call me bride. Call me wife. Come on. Hallelujah. Amen. Would you give me say that? Praise God. Number 17. Hallelujah. God bless you. I see my [Music] Hallelujah. Oh my god. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] But wait, now he got back pain. He did something to his back and his back is pain. Now I ain't got no power to move it. That's right. But I got authority what Jesus said. But there two or three gathered in his name. And if we could touch it and agree to anyone from it, say it will bring it to pass. That's right. Hallelujah. I don't care how many time the devil bring a rattlesnake to you. Remember it's not yours that you let it in your house. Hallelujah. So we going to rebuke this demon and his pain leave his back in the name of Jesus. Glory. So here I am to worship you. So here I am to worship. They just did y'all just saying that. Anybody know that one? Which one? Here I am to worship. Here I am to say that you're my God. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say you're my God. [Music] Father God we come Lord. He come to touch you right now. Father God, not by my body, not by the body, but by the manifestation of God behind me bodies. Father God, we ask this demon to leave through the authority of your word, God. Let the pain lead. Let him recognize that God touch him in the name of Jesus we pray. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I love you, Lord. You know that one. I love You know that one. God bless you. As I turn back to the pastor, anyone that need prayer tonight, this morning, Hallelujah. I praise you, Lord. [Music] All I have is God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] You are [Applause] [Applause] happy. I love you. Lord, what is your word? The anointing of the living God. My God, let it one more time. God in the name of Jesus mighty Heat. Heat. [Music] I love you. in your music. [Music] Hallelujah. Now, let me ask you a question. You believe that God can do this, don't you? and you know that you're real. If you didn't believe it, you would have never asked for it. But now because you believe and because you got the kind of faith I'm standing there for my husband and this demon knows that and this demon got mad already. Halle you take your baby. You lay your hand on him now. Lay your hand on him and tell him that baby and tell that demon to leave his body in the name of Jesus Christ. My God, we ask you to endure that Lord and lay hands and leave in the name of Jesus. anybody else in your blessing. I love you and I am coming. Let's see. Let's see if God is real to worship. Oh my soul rejoice [Music] in you. May it be a sweet sweet. Let me ask you something before you [Music] if I was a new penis man. If I brought you a box of snakes, would you accept them? If I brought you a box of snakes, would you accept these snakes? You know those snakes? Snakes. Would you take your hand and raise that kind of faith and be you in the name of Jesus? And same thing. And when you accept those snakes in the same accept of depression, this demon in the name of Jesus, mighty God, give her peace. Hallelujah. Let the evil spirit trying to fight her. Leave them. God, you go ahead. You play the soft music at night and watch God heal you. Glory. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Anybody else? Amen. Thank you, Lord. [Music] All is well. All is well. Heat. Heat. Don't let me get you down. Stand by. You see my God. We ask you God. Oh my [Music] god. [Music] Remember the message the other night the word made flesh in your flesh in the name of Jesus. She not give you her sister. She not give you her mind. She's not going to let you take her life. She's standing in the way in the name of Jesus Christ. Let the power of blood in the praise of God. My god. [Music] So, [Music] all is well. Can you believe it? Whatever you hallelujah. [Music] We the voice of God [Music] Yes. All is one more time before we go. All is well. Is that your commitment? Is that what you're saying? All is well. Lord had a dead baby when she said that. She said all is well. Heat. Heat. Heat. behind the Amen. Amen. All his will. Amen. You enjoy the message of the Lord. I believe in it. God will just bless and take care of you. Right. All right. So, just look forward to that. While you're eating, while you're doing, just think about it. That's right. God living in two feet. Your feet, right? Walking on earth. That's right. As the word made flesh. Like the brother said, which is the greater? In other words, great signs and wonders taking place or a child of God born again, which is a greater for you. That's right. Because if you you get the child born again, it's going to be greater things. Heard the prophet one day say, he said, "I'd rather see perfect love than to see either five or 10,000 people healed or something like that." And I thought, "Oh, Lord." You know, he said, "I'd rather see that perfect love there." And then the minute he come around he said because if that perfect love is there and that faith he said there'll be 50,000 that are healed tonight. Just believe in God. Tell the brother how much you appreciate the God. Father we thank you for the day and we pray that you would just bless each one that our hearts would be open unto you to be able to receive. We pray that you would just bless each one Lord. And we believe each one of these that was prayed for receive what they were asking for. Amen. We believe and we thank you. Thank you for the message and we pray you give our brother strength and comfort then for this afternoon Lord and just bless all of us. Guide us now as we dismiss in Jesus name. Amen. If we never meet again [Applause] to Oh, heat, heat. [Applause] The rapture sweet. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] to my love. We say that there will come again. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I see you. I'll see you in the air. [Music] rain forever and I'll see you in the rapture sweet day. [Music]
