################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2013-01-04 - 10-0908 - This is the Sum Pt.5 (Be Ye Therefore Perfect) - Samuel Dale - Samuel Dale.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2013-01-04
Title:   10-0908 - This is the Sum Pt.5 (Be Ye Therefore Perfect) - Samuel Dale
Speaker: Samuel Dale
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yB49wGsd8jg
========================================

[Music] Let me [Music] [Applause] [Music] precious Jesus. [Music] Take it for me in my dream. [Music] Precious Jesus, [Applause] how I love [Music] you, my guiding hand. [Music] Precious Jesus [Music] came for me in thy strength. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Precious Jesus. [Applause] [Music] How I praise thee. You are all [Music] my heart can see. Precious Jesus, [Music] my eternal. You are all the world to me. Oh Jesus is precious. He so precious. Jesus is precious to me. Let's all stand. He is my savior born my master. Jesus is precious to me. [Music] Jesus is precious. He is so precious. Jesus is precious to me. He is my savior. Glory master. Jesus is precious to me. [Music] He is Lord. He is Lord. [Music] He has risen from the dead and he is [Music] every [Music] time [Music] that Jesus Christ [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] is every [Music] time confess that Jesus Christ Yes. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Good evening. Thank you with us this evening. We'll make an announcement that we have here. We just got in from it's November the 5th through the 7th. Brother Eddie Biscll will be at the second annual missionaries convention. It's going to be the fall convention held in Murphy'sboro, uh, Tennessee. Brother Joseph's going to be at a high school there, Seagull High School auditorium. So, if you need any information on what they'll be doing, what days, it's on this list. Would take too long to read. So, we'll just leave it there. And if you're interested, you know, what day you want to go and they've got pretty much the the whole uh whatever you need to know about and what time it's going to happen. Also, Mary Gabriel gave me one. It says, "Please remember my friend Ashley and her mom, Candy." So, remember that. Lord knows what the need is. Sister Gibby, give me one for Tammy Greer. She's going through some extreme emotional and financial problems. Remember her. Ryan uh gave me one said, "Gabby's been sick for the last few days. We all know she's pregnant and gonna have a baby and just remember her time is coming up." Also, we have uh Brother Narcissus is still sick. He has bronchitis. Still remember him. Also, brother Ernie sent one is uh wanting us to remember the uh New Zealand earthquakes that have been happening over there and it's affecting some of the uh people over there that that uh are part of the ride it says here. So, just remember that. Also, we'll go over the list we have for cancer. We have Sister Nelly Calhoun, Bucky Porter, Wayne ABS, Needro Merchant, Jody Smith, Harley Ray, Johnny Eubanks, Dennis Loggins, Jan Jones, Wanda Freyer, Jane Lou Allen, Tracy Reeves, Joyce Stevens, Slim Duncan, Drake Mo, Angie McCoy, Merl Sims, Howard Pollock and his granddaughter, Holly Hulquist, Jim England, Freddy Reese, Russell Griffith, Seth Sims, Neil Gains, Linda Taylor, Jamie Britt, Lenor Pilgrim, Emily Coughlin, Gail Forester remember those the ones we have on the sick list. We have Michaela Sllayton, Brother Sweding, Sister Perash, Jonathan Cochran, Keith Wilson, Jason De Santos, Pound and Scott Herring, David Matthysse, Brother Dardies List, Justin Sutton, Brother George Canada, Asa Grayson, Jason, Brother Boat, Anna Quinn, Tom Welch, Brian Lou Allen, Allan Klene, Frank Soros, Dave Debbie Donahghue, Brother Don, Terry McMillan, Sister Lorie Pendleton, Brother Jess, Kyle Allison, Leon Daniel, Keith and Jeff Lance, John and Mike Borivan, and Hbert Arnold. Just remember those. Whatever sister Anna did to brother Al, remember that, too, with his eye there. Whatever the situation is, brother Al. He got a vision to that hook, brother. Just remember, Brother Al's all bandaged up tonight, too. So, just remember that. Sean's first football game's tomorrow night. Just remember him. Not that big around. Amen. remember all the little fellas that'll be starting to play. Keep them all safe. I know we all have unspoken requests. Let's all go Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for letting us come out this evening. Lord, be with the ones that may still be traveling on the highways. Wherever they're at today, you come down and bless them. Lord, bless the ones that will be traveling this weekend. Wherever they're at, come down and bless them and be with them. Lord, there's sick that we need to be praying for. Lord, you come down and heal the sick and you save the ones that are lost also. Lord, remember the ones in New Zealand there, Lord, with earthquakes, for the narcissist there, Lord, remember him. Remember the ones that we had request from Sister Kibby there, Lord, the lady with financial and emotional needs. We come down and meet those needs tonight. Lord, also remember sister Kathy, sister uh Mary there, Lord with her request for the young lady there and her mom. Come down and bless her. Whatever the need is, would you come down and bless them? Just come down and bless us all today. We love you for you many blessings. Remember dad as he's studying and we all be attentive and listen to what's being said. Most of all, Lord, you forgive us of all our sins and fullment of their service. Lord, you continue to bless. We love you. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. You be seated. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Turn in the red book to number 369. All in him. Amen. [Music] A mighty God is Jesus, the prince of peace is he. The everlasting father, the king eternally, the wonderful and wisdom by whom all things remain. The fullness of God in Jesus is display. It's all in him. It's all in you. The son of God is all in you. It's all in him. It's all in him. The mighty God is Jesus and it's all in him. Emmanuel God with us. Jehovah, Lord of hosts. The omnipresent spirit who deals the universe. The advocate the high priest for sinners slain the author of redemption. Glory to his name. It's all in him. It's all in him. The voice of God. It's all in him. It's all in him. It's all in him. The mighty God is Jesus. And it's all in the end of the beginning and the end. The living word incarnate the helpless and friend wisdom and perfection for righteousness and power. We all need Jesus behind this very hour. It's all in him. It's all in you. for yourself. It's all in him. It's all in him. It's all in him. The mighty God is Jesus. And it's all in him. Our God who we waited will be the glad refraced. When Jesus comes again, oh, he will come and save us. our king and priest to be for him and Lord of all is he. It's all in him. It's all in him. The mighty God is all in him. It's all in him. It's all in him. is Jesus and it's all in him. Amen. Turn over to number 38. Leaning on everlasting arms this evening. Amen. Amen. What a fellowship. What a joy baby on the everlasting arms. Blessed is one piece of life on the everlasting heart. [Music] Leading, [Music] leading on the everlasting arms. Oh, how sweet to walk in this filter way. Leading on the everlasting arm. Oh, how bright the path grows from day to day. Leading on the everlasting arms. Leading leading safe and secure from leading. [Music] Leading on the everlasting. [Music] What have I to dread? What have I to do? Leading on the everlasting arms. I have blessed thee with my Lord on the everlasting. [Music] Let's all stand sing of course one time [Music] save and secure [Music] leading on the everlasting Amen. Brother Collie, could you help me to see the offering? Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother got baptized on Sunday that came with me. Uh was looking for a job. Has until Friday to find one with some things he had to do. Just pray for him and uh pray that he comes back and he sets under the word. That's where he needs to be. Amen. Let us pray. Heavenly Father, we are grateful and we're thankful this afternoon for this privilege and opportunity you have given us to come and get us to worship. Lord, we ask you just bless every heart, Father, and open it up, Lord, to receive the blessings of your holy word, Lord, with this tithe and offering that we give back unto you, Lord. We give with thanksgiving and love in our hearts, Father, with everyone that desire, God, just bless them also. In Jesus name we pray. remain standing a minute as we sing number two in the red book. I want to see him. Don't you? Amen. Amen. As I journey through the land, as I journey through the land, singing as I go. For ye souls at Calvary and many arrows pierce my soul from without. But my Lord leads me on through him. I must win. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Let there sing forever of his praise on the streams of glory. Let my voice cares forever to rejoice with service for the Lord. Dark the night. But I'll bring more close to him. He will give me life. Saints may fix my soul turn my thoughts aside. But my Lord goes ahead. All I want to see is look upon forevering gra and behold the savior there in the With a tender hand for guiding me, I can see as I go. Oh, I want to see him look upon his face. There sing forever of the saving grace on the streets of glory letting my voice only ever to rejoice when before me bellows rise from the mighty deep and the Lord directs my heart. He does the king and he leads me gently on through the world below. He's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Let's sing forever of his grace on the streets of glory. Lift our voice. Here's our hands. [Music] Here's my cup of Lord. I lift it up. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, [Music] here's my God. Fill it up. [Music] Oh, let's worship him and see the dream. Here's my cup. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] thirsty [Music] till I [Music] feel [Music] heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. [Music] I love you. I adore you. I bow before you, heavenly father. I appreciate the Holy Spirit. Amen. Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. [Music] Holy Spirit, you're [Music] [Applause] Holy Spirit. Heavenly Father. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. [Music] I love you. I adore you. I bow down before you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Amen. You may be seated. Turn to 158. I'm going to hold on to God's unchanging hands here. Think about this. Time is filled with swift transition. None of Earth can stand. Feel your hopes of things eternal. [Music] Oh to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Oh to God's unchanging hand to his hand. Oh to God's unchanging hands eternal to God's unchanging name. [Music] who will leave you. Whatsoever you may bring in my earthly friends for still more closely to him. Oh God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand [Music] became the heavenly They never pass away. Oh, to God's unchanging hand to his hand. Oh, to God's unchanging hand. your hopes of things eternal [Music] to God's unchanging end when your journey is completed to God you have been true and in glory. You're in righteous so [Music] to God's unchanging hand. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes of things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand. My heavenly home is bright. Number 24. I feel like traveling home. or pain or death can be there. I feel like traveling 24. Yes, I feel like traveling. I feel like traveling on my heavenly home is right there. I feel like traveling home. It's glittering clouds of sunshine. I feel like traveling home. [Music] I feel like traveling home. Yes, I feel like traveling home. Oh, I feel like traveling home. My only feeling go. I feel like traveling home with flames de I feel like traveling. Yes, I feel like traveling. Yeah, I feel like traveling. I he the Lord has been so good to me. I feel like traveling home until I see I feel like traveling. Yes, I feel like traveling home. I feel like traveling. My heavenly home is right in there. I feel like traveling home. [Music] Amazing brace. How sweet the sound that save by me. Heat. Heat. But now I see [Music] when we thine [Music] the We know this day to sing God's praise. Then when we first be reach praise him. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. [Music] Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. [Music] Open the eyes of my heart. I want the Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see. [Music] I want to see. How you want to see? See you there. Shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power. In the light of your glory. Pour out your power in love. We sing. Holy, holy, holy. Is he holy? Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Amen and amen and amen. Amen. And to see him is to see his word, right? Good to see everybody in the house of the Lord. If you'd like turning your scriptures, turn back where we've been reading in Hebrews 8. and Ecclesiastes 12. And remember that way tonight, the Lord willing, be leaving early Saturday morning to go to brother Bill Yiance for the uh ministers meeting. And also remember that going to be with us. And then remember also the next weekend, the 18th will be the fellowship meeting. We'll be at brother Homer Lori. So if any of you want to go, make sure you let us know. I know you already have, but remember to pray for brother Narcissus. Said he had bronchitis and I think they was wanting to keep him in the hospital, but yet they uh you know, he said he couldn't afford it or something. Anyhow, so just pray that the Lord would would bless him and take care of it. All right. I reckon that's all the announcements coming. Yeah, we'll probably be bringing a brother back with us from the ministers meeting for the weekend. I've never met him, but uh we'll we'll see and have him to come back with us. All right. So, if you'd like to turn in your scriptures, Hebrews 8 and Ecclesiastes 12. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your love and your grace unto us. We thank you for peace and joy and thank you for love and Lord for all things. We ask you to just bless now as we read your word that you would come and speak to our hearts. Lord, forgive our sins because we want to stand complete in you. We ask you to be with the sick ones among us, Lord, and just reach down and touch us. You said you sent your word and healed us. So, we believe it. And Father, we commit it to you. Now, be with Brother Narcissist, our Lord, that you'd touch him with that bronchitis that all would be well. And Lord, we believe your word. So now come among us to not be a recorder but to be a preeminent one in our hearts and lives. We love you and we thank you in Jesus name. Amen. Hebrews 8:1. Now the things which we have spoken this is the sum you know all from chapter 1 through chapter 7 all the great things that he spoke of he's summing it up to do so to say what we have such an high priest that is sit on the right hand of the throne of the majesty in the heavens. Now go back go over to where we've been reading in Ecclesiastes and after he's finishing up all that he has said about the Lord and the the ways and things verse 13 said let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter. Fear God and keep his commandments for this is the whole duty of man. You may be seated. The Lord had his blessing to the reading of the word. Now you know what we've been doing and wait somebody fell down. We've been talking about the things and uh going from you know partial to perfect you know partial realization about something taking a topic and studying that topic to try to bring it out to a conclusion uh in the day that you and I are living. And uh you remember I told you to not think that we were backing up because I believe that we're here now where that the head and body can unite and bring its own message, you know, and I believe that. So, you know, that's just what I'm depending on and keeping it in the line to try to bring everything out to a perfection to see, you know, uh, what is revealed, not to just stay on partial realization. That's fine. It's great to partial realization, partial understanding. But why would we want to stay on that when the Bible is coming to a conclusion? And I believe that. I believe we're in the end of the world. Don't you now? Nobody's saying what day, what hour, what we're talking about. That that see that's where people, oh, you think the end of the world. No, I believe we're in the end of the world. Cuz you look around you and you'll think too that we're in the end of the world. But yet, uh, still see, I believe there's a lot of things that God is going to do among us and all. And I'm looking forward to that, you know, because there is a rapture to come and things like that. But I believe we're in the end of the world. Well, if we're in the end of the world, then we're in the point to where that uh you know, the word is coming to uh full maturity to where we can can understand, you know, and not still think about, well, I wonder why this or wonder why that, you know, we can see it as a uh truth and a reality in in, you know, in doing now. We talked about this along the way and we've mentioned it. So, what I wanted to do is for us to just think on the subject tonight of be ye therefore perfect. All right. Be ye therefore perfect. So, let's go over there while we're at it to Matthew 5 48. Yeah. Everybody knows that scripture. It's, you know, it's been argued among mankind is up and down and backwards and forth. You know, well, what was meant and what was that? Well, if it's in the Bible, some way somehow, there must be a time come that uh things can come to a position to understand how that that is fulfilled. Right? All right. Now, I believe that about the whole word. So, what does it say now? Matthew 5:48, "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your father which is in heaven is perfect." Amen. All right. Now, you remember what we were talking about uh our Sunday and we were talking about the new birth and how that you know that new birth Jesus said you must be born again. The original translation says you must be born from above. All right? And being born from above. See, you would have to be born where God come from. Cuz there would be no need of us being born again as Nicodemus said from a natural extent to go back to the mother's wound and come out again in some way try to to make us better. No, that wouldn't work. But to be born from above, from wherever God came from is where you and I have got to have our birth to come from. So then it's not a natural thing that you're talking about. But now, so now let's just take something and you know, look at it. Look at uh now just remember that scripture. Now I believe that scripture. Be it therefore perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect. Amen. Now I believe that scripture. I believe that's the Bible. Amen. All right. And I believe it has to be fulfilled. All right. Now, but now let's go and and pick up a couple of more scriptures. So, drop over in Psalms 53. And uh look at verse 2 and three says, "God looked down from heaven upon the children of men to see if there were any that did understand that did seek God." Right? Now, every one of them is gone back. They are allto together become filthy. There is none that doeth good. No, not one. You'll find almost the same phrase over in Psalms 14 and verse three, 2 and three, right in there. But see, one says, "Be you therefore perfect." All right. him. We'll get to it in a minute. If you're not perfect, you're not going to heaven. Some way has to be made for us to be able to reach that. But here we find that there's none good. No, not one. All right, let's look over while we're at it into You'd say, "Well, that brother Dale is an Old Testament." Okay, we'll go over into the New Testament and we'll see what Jesus had to say from Matthew 19 and verse 17 and see what he had to say. Matthew 19:17 And he said unto them, why callst thou me good? There is none good but one, that is God. But if that thou will enter into life, keep the commandments. Now Jesus said there's none good. Know not one. You know, now that's Bible just as much as be therefore perfect is Bible. Amen. All right. So now while we at it, let's go over to see what Paul had to say in conclusion of picking up from uh go to Romans 3. From picking up from what was said in the Psalms about there was none good, know not one. Romans 3 and10 says it as it is written there is none righteous know not one now that's Bible okay you say well I don't like that I'd like to take this you know I I want this scripture well now what are you going to do with this scripture Yeah. See, now they both got to be right. Right. Right. Or it wouldn't be in the Bible. Right. See, but you say, "Well, now ah what it was uh Jesus just said it that way and and it's just wrote by Paul just to, you know, just to to be something to be said." You know, that's what Eve said. Right. Right. She said, "God didn't mean what he said." That's right. Right. Amen. Right. Was that what she said? God didn't mean what he said. Right. She didn't deny that he said it. Right. She just said, "Well, he didn't really mean it." You know? All right. Now, what do you think about it? You say, "Well, I know how we come to this. I know it." But just follow with me a little bit tonight. And let's see what we can come up with. Now there in Matthew that we were reading where it says for us to be therefore perfect even as your father which is in heaven is perfect. Now how can a human mortal being? Right. Now we should all easily admit that there's none good know not one. Right. You know, I mean, like brother Brown said it one time in the Hebrew series, he said that I'd hate to think that I was born 5 minutes ago and had to go to heaven upon my merits. He said, "Because I was born in sin, shape iniquity." Right? Now, what is a five minute old baby done? Nothing. But it's none good. Right? It's not because it was born from special mama, special daddy gets a special trip to heaven. No. Now listen. We all know the truth. All babies go to heaven. Don't worry about it. Under the age of accountability, all babies go to heaven because Jesus paid the price. Yes, sir. So, he's not an unjust God. But I'm just trying to get you to look at a point. What good thing do you think you could do? Is it says there in the scripture that you might inherit eternal life? Well, I I if I don't break the law, I'm in good shape. Well, that's the way the Pharisees, we'll get to it in a minute. That's what they rested in, right? Amen. And Paul even said concerning the law, blameless. Other words, he wasn't guilty of any breaking of the law. But yet, he found that to be death instead of life. That's right. You know, he found it to be the wrong thing. But look back while you're there in Matthew at 5:20 and let's read that scripture and see how much it's got to come to. For I say unto you that except your righteousness shall exceed in other words go over be greater the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees you shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven. Now, where would there be any of us than anything that we could think about, as I said, that would make us worthy? When the psalmist, he summed it up by saying that none good. Paul sums it up in Romans 3:10 by saying that there's not any of us righteous. And Jesus said, "Unless our righteousness exceed the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees, we can't enter the kingdom of heaven." See now first that's meaning the kingdom of heaven which is the baptism of the Holy Ghost right then we'll read some scripture in a minute if we don't we'll tell it to you like it is that it goes on to the basis that you won't enter heaven with sin that's why I tried my best to preach there you know to show us that we Christians are the only ones that have sins and we better repent of them Cuz if we don't, we're going to have to give an account. That's right. Amen. Now, it's like I told my wife the other day, we were talking. See, I know the Bible this way. If I do something to brother Collie, you remember brother Brandham said about the lady when she said uh he told her said, "You committed adultery on your husband." She said, "But I confessed that to the Lord." Right? He said, "But you didn't do that to the Lord." Right? You done it to your husband. Right? See, if I do something to brother Collie and I won't go make that right, I'm going to have to make that right one day. So, if I was all of us, we need to be real careful in our walk and our doings and all things. You're talking about me, Brother Dale. I wouldn't be talking about you if you weren't guilty, right? So that solves that problem. But now think about it. What is righteousness? And righteousness is it means like integrity, you know, great position. It means virtue. It means purity of life. It means rightness you know rightness. It means correction of thinking or feeling and acting. Now Webster says righteousness is really the state or act of being right. See? All right. Now then you can see that the Pharisees under the law there was a righteousness which was in the law and that righteousness which was in the law was the fact that if you didn't break the law it wasn't a righteousness in the law it was a righteousness in the fact that if you didn't break that law you were not guilty. Right. It doesn't bother me whatsoever for, you know, we could have 50 brothers coming through preaching whatever night for 50 nights and they all preached on It's wrong to steal. You know, that wouldn't bother me whatsoever. Would it you? Right. No, cuz I'm not guilty of stealing. I would I wouldn't have no problem. me. Well, you know what I'd be? I'd be as far as concerning the what the man was talking about, I'd be righteous because I'd be right. So, now get the definition and then we'll get on into the rest of the point. The fact or state of being right. And you know that we we will if we have time, but you know that justification chops off your ped sins, right? Right. Mhm. And you know that you'll never have to give an account for that. That's right. Amen. So now as far as that is, you're right. Right. Why? Because you done confessed it. And it's like I told you there Sunday, what I love to hear that day was when the prophet of God said, "If somebody commits a sin and repents," he said, "No matter what it is, when they come through the prayer line," he said, "I can't bring that up." He said, "Because God won't let me see it." He said, "Because they've repented." Amen. Now, that's a wonderful state. So get what I'm talking about. If you want to talk about justification, talk about the state or fact of being right. Right. Amen. You've repented. You've confessed your fault. So, you're right. You're righteous because you're you're not blamed. Paul said in Philippians 2 and 6 that touching the righteousness which is in the law that he was blameless. That's right. Now those Pharisees, you've heard the prophet tell especially the high priest that if anything could be brought up against that high priest, he was taken out and killed. Right. Amen. I mean it was just instant death. There was no court of appeal, right? It was death. Amen. Why? Because he had a mark against him and the high priest couldn't have one. All right. So then we need to think about it. How could a human mortal ever think of being perfect? And you know those Pharisees, now I keep laying that down because I want you to think about it. As far as concerning the law, they were blameless. They were righteous. Why? Because they were right. They hadn't done wrong. But Jesus said one day, he said, "Now if I hadn't spoken to you, you deny no sin." Now scripture, now read your Bible. Right? But he said, "Now that I spoken unto you, said your sin remainth." In other words, they became sinners after facing the living word. Right? All right. Now look at a situation. How could Jesus tell a man, how can you today? How can you tell somebody, right, that you sin every day? Danny said he had a buddy said he didn't sin every day. He said, in other words, you say you're selectively sinning. You know, you know, you just sin when you want to or whatever you want to do selectively. But you see, we do sin every day. Amen. That's why we must repent. Well, that's what I can't understand about you, brother Dale, is you'll say we're perfect, then you'll say we're sinners. Both of them got to be right. Cuz it's what God said. That's right. God said there's none of us, no man perfect except God. Huh? Said, "Now, if you're going to get where God is, you got to be that perfect, right?" He said, "Well, I I tell you what, I don't know." Well, let's read what your prophet had to say about it while we're on this line because I like to lay it down. I got mine sticking in here somewhere. I thought I did. Somebody may have to give me a copy of what you got out there cuz I I got Sundays. Oh, okay. All right. Thank you. I know I got Sundays already in here, but maybe we won't have to use them. But, uh, let's just read. Now remember this is the man that is to explain to us these things and from the message the lamb's book of life 1956 603 he's coming down talking about perfection and things and he says uh people say there's none perfect. That's right. You can't be perfect in the sight of your fellow man, but you've got to be perfect or you'll never go to heaven. That's right. He said the Bible said Jesus speaking in the biatitudes said, "Be you therefore perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect." Then you got to be just as perfect as God is or you're lost. Now, how are you going to do it? See, now one little mistake and you're lost. One little flip of the eye and you're gone. Cuz nothing can enter in to those places but perfect. Amen. You believe that? Amen. Okay. Going down law having a shadow 1954 1203. The law having a shadow of things to come could not make the comer there comer perfect. What's the subject Paul speaking of here? Perfection. God requires perfection. No one could ever come to heaven outside of being perfect. Perfect. You must be perfect. And yet the scripture says none is perfect. So if you must be perfect to come to heaven then, and the scripture says none is perfect, and we've all sinned and come short of the glory of God, how are we ever going to enter God's living place and dwelling place when he requires perfection? Jesus said, I believe in the in the sermon on the mount, he said, "Be ye therefore perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect." Think of the perfection that God requires of the person of perfection. Now, God requires perfection. Yeah. Now, how are we going to get there? You see why I'm so much against the people of the message of the hour and the way they come down at always was eternal, right? Don't need to be saved cuz I'd always saved. All of this would be in vain, right? To think about. So you would be saying that one scripture is all right, but the rest of it we don't know about. So we'll take over there in the little John's where it said he that's born to God does not commit sin. The seed remainth in him. We take that. But what do you think about what do you think about the fact that we've got to be perfect to go to heaven? I'm going slow. I don't want you to think. Then we say, "Well, now wait a minute. I know what this I know what that is. I'm you. I'd probably just slow down a little bit and listen. Ain't going to hurt you. You're not going anywhere. I don't think of course it's like way told about one time he went to a place and they had a before this between the something service and the other one they had a 15minute smoke break. Well, we was in a church one time where that uh never seen that one, but you know, they just all at once we sing and I thought, well, you know, all at once they said, "Okay, fellowship time." They just stopped and everybody just started going around among the church just shaking hands. Heidi, how you doing? Everything doing all right? Sie, is this this week been a good week? You know, everybody just And then it went on into the church service. Well, I told my wife, I said, "What I'm going to do is I'm going to come out one day and read my scriptures, and then we're going to have a pea break and give you 15 minutes to go to the bathroom." [Music] Hallelujah. Sounds funny, but I think we need to check on there. And it's not just the children. That's right. But now it's kind of like his brother told me one time. He said, he said, "I just can't stand it sitting in church for an hour." Okay. He said, "But I can sit and whale for 5 hours in one place." He said, "Just sit there." I said, "Well, that don't match too good for me, right?" You know, but uh everybody check on it. You know, the bathrooms are back there. When you come upstairs, take the kids to the bathroom and make sure that they're through and then when they come in, you know, they don't have to worry about it. And uh you know, um it won't interrupt the services, right? You said, "Well, my kidneys, Brother Dale, well, that's all right. We pray for the sick. None of you have come told me you had kidney problems. We pray for the sick, you know. So, you need to work on that. Okay. Not only the kids, but see in just a minute they look the doors open and then you'll go some adults and they'll get up and go back and forth. You know, the bathrooms are back there. You want us to move a porta potty beside your seat? You shouldn't talk like that, brother. I agree. We But truth is truth, right? Amen. That's right. That's right. You said, "Well, I just feel this urge." Well, I've been going to church for coming in this message over 40 years, you know, and I'm one of those that has them bladder problems, but you know, I never get up and go to the bathroom. I think some of you just want to be seen. Well, we'll start do that. So, instead of having a pee break, we'll have a stand up break. Wait, stand up. When brother call, we just go one. Everybody sees you. Okay. All right. Get you upset and then you won't hear a thing I say. Right. But now, is it the truth? Amen. Yes, sir. You see, if you was up here in my place, That's right. things would be a whole lot different, you would have already been screaming and hollering and doing it. I try my best to, you know, let it go. And but just check on it, you know. I mean, we don't want nobody wetting their pants. Look. Well, you're going to do what you're going to do anyway. So, it doesn't matter. It ain't going to change it cuz I save it. Okay, let's get back to our message. How can we have any thoughts of being righteous? Now, we can have thoughts of being good, right? Right. You know, we can have thoughts of being good. We should do that. You know, I mean, we're Christians. We're supposed to be happy. We're supposed to be, you know, people around us are supposed to know that we're Christians. You know, like I told you at work one time, and this was I was a Baptist then. And the lady, she said something about having a bad day. I said, "Oh, we all have them." She said, "SI, I'm going to work with you for about 4 years. I ain't never seen you have one yet." I said, "Well, thank you." Because why should we be? Now we can think about we ought to be good. But still none of that will save us, right? Amen. None of those things will save us. But they can be an outward manifestation of an inward work. Right. to be good, to do good, and act right is supposed to be a outward manifestation. But there's no way that you and I could ever think about being perfect, of being righteous, of being right. Right? So then what are we going to do? It's required of us. Well, like I said, he just he he didn't really mean that. He he just just saying that try to make you scared a little bit. Now, we don't try to scare nobody into heaven because it won't do no good anyway. That's right. It ain't going to scare nobody into heaven. You can preach hellfireing it hot every service, whatever. You're not going to scare anybody out of hell. cuz you're going to hell by your own choice. Right? But now your prophet said that we've got to be perfect to go to heaven. Now there was a doctrine years ago started I'll just bring this out while I'm at it. But there was a doctrine years ago started out that was called no Holy Ghost doctrine. And they said that you you had to have all of these virtues in you and that the headstone would finally be your new birth. And uh their point was that nobody could go. And brother Brandham went beyond the curtain of time. He said there's nothing there but perfection. And the brother kept making the statement that you know you got to be perfect to go there. So I agree with you. I agree with you. He said, "Well, there's nobody in this day outside of brother Brandon." Well, now that when he made that, he made a mistake because my brain computer began to calculate that brother Random saw millions there, right? But he didn't call no names. what the brother said. See, try to be smart. I was trying to be smart. We just being honest. So, I just pulled out a book and showed him where brother Brandham's first little girlfriend, he saw her over there. She was there. He said, "What about this lady here?" Said, "She was 90 years old when she was converted under your ministry." Said, "Look at her now." But you see, it doesn't make no difference whether it be the end of the world or what it be in the days of Martin Luther for you to be able to go to heaven required that you be perfect. Right? The days of John Wesley, I'm just using those because people use those times as, you know, saying they didn't have nothing. Let's see. The book of Acts, they had to be perfect, right? to go to heaven. Amen. If anybody ever goes to heaven, you're going to be perfect. Amen. Now, a white throne is not in heaven. So, don't go thinking wrong. White throne, people will be made perfect to be able to enter there in enter you into the joys of the Lord. But now, remember, we're not supposed to be talking about going to the white throne judgment, right? And get our perfection. We're supposed to be talking about that our perfection has got to be revealed to us now. Because I believe it this way, you got to be as perfect here as there is perfection in heaven. Cuz that's the matching pieces I preached about 10 years ago on when it matches up, brother Dick. What we are here with what we are there, we going there. Amen. True. Y that's a simple point. So it's based upon you and I, right? But then God required that we be perfect. That's right. Now, how can we start the fact of even thinking about it? Don't worry about it. You get one thing straightened out real good. It's what I've always tried to tell everybody. You work on one thing at a time cuz once you get that straightened out, you do pretty good. But as quick as you get that straightened out, devil's going to have another one. You know, you may quit this or quit that, quit lying, quit stealing, what you may quit all that, but then he's going to have something he going to throw in front of you. If it's nothing but an oldfashioned preacher talking about going to the bathroom, he's going to figure out something to put in front of you. But now listen, as I said, we asked, we believe that God sent us a prophet. Amen. And believing it that way, then we don't have no problem. We just ask him, right? You remember what we done the other day, brother Brandham? What is the new birth? So, we read what he said. We done that in the ministers meeting one time cuz that was what it was on. And I just took about four quotes, ones we use here, and I just laid it out there and I just read it. I said, "Okay, now that's my five minutes." You know, right? I just read it. I said, ' Now you can argue about what this is and what that is, but the prophet just told you what the new birth is, right? So now, Brother Random, how can we have any thoughts about going to heaven and being perfect? All right, look at number three on your notes. Everybody knows these quotes, but a lot of them out there don't know them, maybe, but you should know them. How can a man say that the bride of Christ goes into the tribulation? I can't understand it. See, she took away from the tribulation. Amen. If the church has been judged and they have judged themselves and have accepted the blood, how can God judge a man that's perfectly totally sinless? You supposed to say there's no such person. ever born again believer. That's right. True believer is perfectly absolutely sinless before God. Amen. He's not trusting in his works in the blood of Jesus. That's his confessions dropped in two. The Bible said so. See, he that that is born of God does not commit sin for he cannot sin. Amen. How can you make a man a sinner when the bleach of the blood of Jesus Christ is between him and God? That would scatter sin till there be nothing left of it. See, how can that pure blood of Christ ever let a sin pass there? You cannot. Jesus said, "Be therefore perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect." And how could we ever start the thought of being perfect? But Jesus required it. And if Jesus required it, he's got to make a way for it. He has his own blood. Right. Amen. Now, how are you perfect within yourself? No. No. cuz the best we could do wouldn't be no good. But through the blood of Jesus Christ, that's the only way you can think about being perfect is through the perfect blood. So if you have accepted the blood of Jesus Christ, if you have accepted Jesus Christ as your savior and he's given you the new birth now, Then it's impossible for you to be a sinner and a saint. That's right. It's impossible. Right. It's all right. He's made a way. He said, "I know that it's through his blood." But just remember now that through that blood also at this present time there is no one a sinner. Right. Right. Did you know that? That's right. Amen. There's no one a sinner because the bumper blood covers the whole world. Amen. Right. If he seen our sin, he would kill us. Right. Amen. Right. So would it be with anybody now? So there's no sin there because he's looking through the blood at you and I look through red at red and you see white. Amen. Look through the crimson and blood of the Lord Jesus. When he dropped that blood down, he made a bumper blood for the whole world. No, but who wants to depend upon it as just a covering? Because see, one day that covering will be removed, right? That's why tribulation sets in. See, tribulation, why the bride doesn't go to the tribulation is because tribulation is a wrath of God poured out upon the world for rejecting Jesus Christ. That's right. Amen. That's why there'll be a tribulation. Amen. But see, when the bride leaves out of here, the blood of Jesus Christ is gone. And the only ones that can depend upon any form of the blood is the 144,000. Cuz he goes to dealing with them. Amen. All right. But you see what I'm saying now? The prophet said he's made a way through his own blood. Now, if we don't accept that, remember a pardon is not a pardon unless received as one. Amen. But now, if we don't accept Jesus Christ as our savior, then where are we? We're still lost. We're just like the rest of the people being protected by the blood. Well, brother Dale, I just really don't know whether I'm saved or not. Well, the prophet said that was the most important thing in the world. Right. Right. So, I would spend the rest of my life praying, for God to reveal to me that I'm saved. Right. Well, I just take it by faith. That's all right. But be careful because that's what they wanted to do in the book of Acts before the Holy Ghost fell. They wanted to just take it by faith and walk out. Somebody had enough Bryce to say, "Hold it." It's not been fulfilled what Jesus said. Well, you know yourself, we're still a bunch of scared chickens, right? And he said they'd be power from heaven and it's not come yet. What good would it have done them to walk out by faith? But you understand what I'm getting at now? God made a way. But if we don't accept that way, right? Then where are we? See, but we can say like I said the other day, we can talk about we can say, but look what all I've done. I've shouted. I've spoke in tongue. I've believed the message. I've done that. I've done this. I've done that. I've seen this. Seen that. Paul said you can do every bit of that not be born again. That's right. What can we depend upon then? Like I was saying the other day, all we can depend upon is whether or not we've got the new birth. Amen. Cuz we're not born again. He's not responsible. That's right. Yeah. Mhm. Because we turn it down. We see he made a way, but we must accept that way. Right. Now listen, as I said a moment ago about what Eve said in the garden. She thought she was getting by. And brother Brandham said, "Even after," now you think about it, "Even after what had happened in the garden, the thing that had took place, she still thought she was right." That's right. She still thought she was right. She thought she was helping God do what he wanted done. Yeah. Could we be that way? Could we believe be to the places that we believe that we're so righteous or so something? I'm going to get down to something in a minute. All right. Just hold on to it. Look at the next one. Number four in your notes. Israel at the Red Sea. Number one, 53 326. Jesus said, "Be ye therefore perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect." How could you ever be perfect? Listen. But in the sight of Christ tonight, every bornag again Christian is perfect. I'm just as perfect in God as Christ was. You are too. every other believer. Now, that don't mean ever other believer. All right? You know, like you got one and two and ever. All right. Sorry for being carnal, but I just read that away. For it's not my holiness, it's his holiness. God can't accept mine. I have none. But I come in Christ by faith and by Christ by Christ I'm in him and perfect in the sight of God. He said, "Well, Brother Dale, I believe that." Do we do we really believe that by being born again that you're just as perfect as God is? Amen. See, now it flops on the other side of the coin, doesn't it? Right? Because now you'll start condemning yourself. Whereas a moment ago, you was upgrading yourself and saying, "Come on. Come on. We're perfect because we're in Jesus Christ. Now we come over the hump." And what's the devil doing? Trying to put you back on the other side, right? Cuz you know what he's saying? Well, in a way, you're perfect. Now you're making God a liar and you're making the prophet a liar. Amen. Come on. If you say you're not as perfect as Jesus Christ is by the new birth, we went through that. That's not dealing with anything of your righteousness. It's dealing of what God says. Okay, let's keep reading. Law 1955 115 number five on your notes. Now the blood could not be perfect by an animal, but the blood in Christ was perfect. Amen. Now, I will never be perfect. And you will never be perfect. I will never be perfect in your sight. You will never be perfect in my sight. You agree with that? I do. Look, but let's lay that aside. Now, I emphasize that by making little knots around, you know, little things around it. What about in God's sight? I look at you as a human. I look at you as a brother. But God looks at you through the blood of his son as a redeemed one. Jesus said, "Be therefore perfect, even as your father in heaven is perfect." And now what you've now not not what you've done you have nothing to merit it but it's what Christ did for you. That's right. My brother has so many problem. Okay. Let's read the next one then. Water of separation 55121. God looking through the blood. He doesn't see you no more as a sinner. He sees you redeemed. Amen. You're redeemed because he's all always sees you through Christ. Amen. That's the reason we can be perfect. Now, what'd he say? Not perfect in the sense of sinless. Now, we don't went through that. Why? Because Christians sin and we must repent, right? We're perfect in the eyes of God when we're in Christ. That's the reason he said, "Be therefore perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect." Goes on telling about Paul speaking of perfection comes by Jesus. Now I'm not perfect in your sight. You may not be perfect in my sight, but what about in God's sight? There's where it lays. And if you're born again into the body of Christ, then God looks upon you as a per as perfect as Christ was himself. Amen. goes on to say, "You got to accept it. You got to accept it." Lounge Book of Life 56 603 number 7. Now, you got to be perfect. Jesus said, "Be therefore perfect, even as your father in heaven is perfect." Now, how are you going to be when you're continually sinning when you're continually doing what's wrong? Now, this will kind of put a little kink in the legalist. See, legalists believe that if you you sin, you're going to hell. In other words, that's legalistic. Calvinist goes on the other side and said, "It don't make no difference what I do. I'm going to heaven anyway." Both of them wrong cuz neither one of them line up. This will kind of put a little kink in the legalist, but notice it isn't what you do, it's what God has done. It's not what you do, it's what he It's what he done. See, you can't be perfect. You can't be in yourself, but in Christ, you're perfected. You're not trusting in your own good works or your own church you belong to, but you're trusting in the shed blood of the Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus, there you are. That's what makes you perfect. That's what anchors you in faith. So, he's made us perfect if we accept it. But can we really believe that? Can we really believe God has made us perfect? Heaven, help us to try to think about anything we could do or not do. And heaven, help us to not think about that it has something to do with what you do or not do. Because if we have problems, we must confess them. Cuz there's no sacrifice for a sin that you sin after you're a Christian. You must repent. I've done been through that. But that doesn't mean you're going to be lost. No, you can't be saved and lost at the same time. But do we believe what God says? Five identification 196911 evening service. You talking about not by one handshake or anything like that. Not by one church letter but by one spirit Holy Spirit. Jew, Gentile, yellow, black, white. Have all you been baptized by one? Have all been baptized by one spirit into that one body through the blood of his own covenant? And when I see the blood, I pass over you and you are free from death, free from pain, free from sin. He that's born of God does not commit sin because the seed of God remains in him and he cannot sin. No sir, be therefore perfect even as your father, heavenly father is perfect. Jesus said, how can you be perfect? Then Jesus said he said, how can you be perfect? You can't do it. You was born in sin, seed in iniquity, come to the world speaking lies. But when you accepted Christ as your sin barrier, when you accept him by faith and and you believe that he saved you and he died in your place and took your sins, then God accepts you and baptizes you into the body and cannot see no more sin. How can I be a sinner when there's an atonement on the altar for me? How can I be How can I do it when I'm depending on what he said? Look at number nine on your notes. Things that are to be 1965 120 5. He's gone to prepare a place, a perfect place where no evil exists, no sickness exists, no old age exists, no death exists. It's a perfect place calling you to that perfection and you have to be perfect to get there. The Bible said so. Jesus said, "Be therefore perfect even as your father in heaven is perfect." It's a perfect kingdom. So, it must be a perfect people come because you have to stand and be married to a perfect son of God. And you you must be a perfect bride. How can you do it through anything? Through anything else but the perfect word of God, which is the waters of separation that washes us from our sins. Amen. That's right. The blood of Jesus Christ. Think of it. The dripping bloody dripping bloody word. Amen. The blood the the word of God. Bleeding blood to wash the bride in. Amen. Yes, sir. She stands perfect, virgin, unadulterated. She never sinned in the first place. Amen. She was trapped into it. See, there's the father's house that he's gone to prepare. Now, in these last couple of quotes, did you notice I slowed down just a hair because of what I was reading? He's talking about the new birth, right? Amen. That's right. And then he's talking about healing, sickness. Now, do you believe that Jesus Christ died for your sins? Amen. Yeah. Amen. Do you believe that he's a healer? I won't get through this tonight. Hit a little of it. If you accept the fact that Jesus Christ died for you, you have no choice. I emphasize no choice than to believe that you're healed. Amen. Right. Because there are seven compound names of Jehovah. You remember it's in your quotes down below there when brother Bosus was discussing divine healing with that Dr. Bess. Oh, Dr. Bess was a good Baptist guy that was going to put him down and show that there was no healing or anything. and run around told Dr. Bosworth said, "Now you can go." Yeah. But don't argue with him. He said, "I'm not going to argue with him." So he was going to show the world that this old man was wrong about divine healing. What was the question brother Bodsworth asked the man? He said, "Sir, I want to just ask you one question." He said, "Does the seven compound names of Jehovah apply to Jesus Christ? Yes or no?" The man would not answer him. He was educated and he knew that he was trapped and he would not answer him. Because you see, even Dr. best believed that he was a savior. So, brother Bosworth had him over a barrel. If he's a savior, Yep. then if the seven compound names of Jehovah apply to Jesus Christ, then he's got to be a healer. So, he had him trapped. He didn't have to ask him no more questions. The meeting was over as far as concerned. Sure. You remember Dr. Best jumped up and oh he run around preaching about this that and the other and all and shaking his fist. You remember there was no picture taken. That's right. He ordered a photographer to take all the pictures. But when brother Brandham came down out of the up in the top and came down, he run up there one more time wanted to shake his fist and wouldn't that was a picture of angel the Lord. The old light Christ came. Amen. That's right. to prove what was right. But I'm just asking you a simple question. If you believe he's a healer, you must believe that he's a savior. I'm not going to go through those. I'll get back to it. But first John 2 and1 says that we have an advocate. Amen. If we sin, we have an advocate which is Jesus Christ the righteous. Now, one of those names of Jehovah is Jehovah Tiskanu. Now, there's two different ways of spelling that word and it is used in Strongs two different ways. But it has the same meaning. One of them ends up with a W, the other one ends up with a U. But you say, "Well, Brother Dale, what does that got to do with this?" If he's our healer, then he must also be our savior. If he's our savior, he must be our righteousness. Amen. Now, what was our point? The prophet was saying we must be just as righteous as God is to go to heaven. Now, how are we going to ever do that? So, we must accept his righteousness, right? You remember what the Bible says about ours, don't you? Yeah, they're filthy rags. Our righteousness. So even if we're right, we're still wrong cuz it wouldn't do us any good. But we accept what he done. You'll say, "But brother Dale, I've accepted what he done for me." All right, let's read one more. Look at number 9A on your notes there. Page 31 of the church age book. No man knows the things of God say the spirit of God and to who he to whom the spirit of God reveals. We need to call on God for revelation more than anything else in the world. We have accepted the Bible. We have accepted the great truths of it. But it is still but it still is not real to most people because the revelation by the spirit is not there. The word has not been quickened. The Bible says in 2 Corinthians 5:21 that we have become the righteousness of God by our union with Jesus Christ. Right? Did you get it? It says that we are the righteousness of God himself by being in Christ. It says that he Jesus became sin for us. It does not say he became sinful but became sin for us that by our union with him we might become the righteousness of God. If we accept the fact and we must listen that he literally became sin for us by his substitution for us. Now do you believe that? Amen. Do you believe that God Almighty come down in human flesh upon this earth and gave his life to pay the price for sin? Do you believe that? Amen. Amen. Now listen to it. If we accept the fact and we must that he literally becomes sin for us by his substitution for us, then we must also accept the fact that we by our union with him have become the very righteousness of God. Now you believe he come paid the price, right? Even the Baptist preached that. See, you understand why he's using that? Dr. Bess believed in Jehovah Gyra, the Lord's provided sacrifice, but he didn't believe in Jehovah Rafi that I am the Lord that heal all of thy diseases. So now are we in that situation that we believe that he died for sin? Do we believe he ever existed? Do we believe that this man Jesus was ever even in the world? Then why did he come into the world? And do we believe that he died? Amen. Do we believe he died for us? To ever be a Christian, you got to accept it that way. Amen. Get away from how good you think you was that he saved you cuz you didn't do something. That's right. Amen. Get on to the basis of just saying, "Thank you, Lord." For saving my soul. Amen. Now, do you believe it? Let's read it again. If we accept the fact, and we must, that he literally became sin for us by his substitution for us, then we must also accept the fact that we by our union with him have become the very righteousness of God. Amen. Now you believe you're just as righteous as God is by the new birth. Listen, to reject one is to reject the other. To accept the one is to accept the other. If we reject that he come into the world and died for our sins, then we automatically reject that he's our righteousness. But if we think that there's some way that can we can become righteous outside of the blood of Jesus Christ, then we're totally rejecting his righteousness. We certainly don't have any of our own. Right. You see, I'm coming back to the seven compound names. But see, Dr. Best refused to answer because he knew that if he said he was Jehovah Gyra, then he would have to admit that he was Jehovah Rafa. That's right. Now, I'm saying to you and I tonight, if we believe that he was Jehovah Gyra that come into the world to die for our sins, we must believe that he is Jehovah Rafi, the Lord who health all of our our diseases. Not a hard thing to accept that. Then we must believe that he is Jehovah Tishkan, which means our righteousness. You see, to accept one is to accept the other. To reject one is to reject the other. Now, we know the Bible says that it can't be denied. But the revelation of it is missing. It is not real to the majority of God's children. It's just a good verse in the Bible. But we need to have it made alive to us. That will take revelation. That will take revelation. I'm not going into the the others. You keep those notes, but I'll bring them back next time I minister on be on the seven compound names of Jehovah. But just get my point. If he's Jehovah Gyra, if we believe he come into the world to die for sin, then we must believe that if we accept him as our savior that we're just as righteous as he is. Amen. Cuz if we reject the fact that we're not as righteous as he is, then you automatically reject the fact that he died for you. Simple. That should not need a great banging over the head for a great revelation. Should just be simple. Amen. If you believe that he died for your sins, why would you not believe? about him wiping away those sins that you're right. Why wouldn't you believe that you're right and the fact that you didn't do it? That's right. I gave you the quote where brother said we was trapped into it. Where? In the garden by mom and daddy. We was trapped in this situation we're in. But we'll never get out of here thinking that there's something we've got to do other than accepting what he's already done. Brother Dell, you mean that we don't have to live right? No, we don't have to live right. That's right. I'll plainly tell you that way. But I'll tell you, every born again Christian wants to live right. Now, you put yourself in which category. That's right. I don't have to preach to go to heaven. That's right. Cuz it's not based upon my preaching. But rewards come by what I'm doing. See, salvation is what God does. Works is what I do in thanks that he's given unto me. What else could we say it? But I hope you understand the connection. The brother Bass could not say a word because he was trapped. Even brother Brandham said, you remember what he said about it? He said, "I never even thought of that myself." Mhm. He had the man trapped because if he admitted that he was Jehovah Gyra, he would have to admit that he was Jehovah Rafa. If we admit that he's Jehovah Gyra, we must admit that he's Jehovah. Now, if I pronounce that wrong, you get it all straight. But you see it means our righteousness. We don't have any righteousness. It's his righteousness imparted to you and I. Right. Amen. Why? Because we accepted him as Jehovah Gyra. Yes. We accepted the fact that he died in our place. Hallelujah. And we accept that he died in our place. Then I accept the fact that I'm just as righteous as he is. Well, brother Dale, I seen you. I read you the quotes. Your prophet said he's not talking about sinlessness. Sinlessness. He said, "In my eyes, you're not right. In your eyes, I'm not right." We don't read one-sided view. That's why people don't like the way I preach. They want to hear one side. Oh, look how righteous we are. Look how righteous we are. Amen. and I believe it. But then when you turn around and say, "They don't matter what I do, I'm righteous." Now then you got a problem with the word and you're denying what he says. He says our righteousness comes through accepting Jesus Christ. Amen. Right. Not what we do or don't do. Amen. What we do or don't do, I told you, is the limitations. It's not before you because salvation is of the Lord. Jonah 2 and9. But we must accept it. Right. Amen. He will not make us take it. Right. He won't force it on you. You got to accept it. But when you accept that he died for you. Now what is it? What was it done in the Old Testament? I'll end it. Man didn't just walk up to the high priest and say, "I sinned. Go back there and get me forgiveness." No. He brought something in his place. Right. He brought a lamb. He brought an animal in his place. Right. And when they slid his throat, your prophet said his hands was laying on that animal. Said blood splattering everywhere. Of course, back there that couldn't enter into the man to take anything away because it was not a soul of a human being. But Jesus was the very heart soul of God cuz he was almighty God. Right. See, that's what I'd say to people that believe that he didn't become God till the River Jordan. Well, then my Bible said he was Emanuel. So, that'd make him God. And that would be at least one of the seven compound. So, he'd have to be the rest of them. Amen. Amen. Cuz it can't just be one. If he's one, he's all of them. He's our banner. He's our all and all. He's our peace. All of those are throughout the Bible. But he's our savior. Amen. Go ahead, brother. Take on these things. Being ye therefore perfect, it's required. All right. Now, is the last illustration is what? If we were in a court of law today and they were trying us for murder and there before the judge that stands in the prosecuting attorneys proved you guilty. He's proved this that or the other. But you know if somebody walked in the door and said he's not guilty. That's right. Because I done it. You'd be tickled to death, wouldn't you? Right. Now, God didn't do the sinning, but he took our place. That's right. Wipe the slate clean. He's not guilty. You'd sure be tickled to death about slate being clean. Amen. But look what he's done for us. And I like that scripture there in in the communion. Even if I've done wrong, he'll condemn me and I'll straighten it up. Understand? Because where is my perfection? Comes by being in Jesus Christ. Amen. And I'm just as perfect as he is. When are we going to start saying that? Amen. And quit talking about our problems. God said, "What is the song?" I love that one. You know, what sin are you talking about? Somebody had a good point, didn't it? 138 spiral book 138. Anybody have a need just come and let's believe and see. My hope is nothing. [Music] Can you believe your judge is righteous? You see, I'm not dependent upon [Music] what I've done. My own dependence is upon what he done. [Music] But I know that all I can do if I crawl all the way across the whole United States on my knees and all the way there. I was trying to do something to save me no good. But if I just simply believe what are you doing? Well, brother Dale, that makes it so loose. The prophet said one day, he said, I always do what I want to do. Why can't we believe it? Why can't we just say, "Lord, forgive me." Don't let me do that again, Lord. [Music] When all the time believe he paid the price, he shall come with trumpet. Anybody need [Music] his rightous [Music] before the throne on Christ [Music] other fires we send them bleeding. So that whatever it takes, whatever it is, he's asking that it be made manifest because we believe you. We're depending upon you. We're releasing you. Do whatever it takes. Take care of new things. Take care of whatever it is in Jesus name. Anybody else around singing [Music] to highest fire [Applause] changing very high sto [Music] that problem where they think everybody's engaged in let it turn Sing our name for the Jesus. Anybody ever rocking all around. [Music] He shall come with himself all the way [Music] in his rightous. [Applause] [Music] Father, our brother's asking these for somebody else. Come now, Lord, we ask you that you go there and help them to get close to you to find you, Lord. And then it'll make everything right. You be a little kid. Just touches. [Applause] Anybody else? All other ground. Anybody else can have a need? Think about it. Just as righteous as God is. Cuz he said I am. Jesus the light of the world. I'm defeated. God said mercy. He said, "I'm righteous and let me act like it." Jesus. You remember the story about the the son of the king that was over here from Africa. And over there in Africa, he's the son of a king. Now here, he's acting like one. That's what we're supposed to do. Act like what we're supposed to be. Shine all around us Friday and Jesus light the world [Music] Jesus the light of the [Music] Send the for Jesus the light of the world. We are [Music] you [Music] shine all around [Music] [Applause] Jesus the world. Amen. Just remember wait and I'll be running up to brother Bill Yster for the ministers meeting Saturday and driving back down. So remember that and the brother to be coming with us maybe and just pray that the Lord would bless and and help us. I I did ask the brother I said he he sure ain't tired with something. We got we got some books this week and Terrence got one cuz they couldn't find none of us. and a big old book about this thick and it looked like probably cost $100 to make the sucker and that much to get it over here from India and the man believed that brother Brandham was was the Messiah and oh he was bringing it down real good and doing then after a while he started saying that brother Brandham died and went off so Elijah's got to be alive and he's alive over here in India you know and they call it Christ brandom you know and so I got another one today. I guess it was this morning or yesterday one. Anyhow, I didn't open it. So, I just took it back. Took two of this. Just send that on back. Well, come find out there's already another one been sent somewhere here in Lula that was supposed to come to us and they sent it back. So, you know, I don't care nothing about getting involved or something like that. You know, it's called a super church if we'll believe all about it, you know, but that's up to them. They can believe what they want to. I just keep believing that there's this one true and living God and the prophet was here to bring us the message. Now we must become that message and we don't need an eighth church age messenger. Now there's only seven church age messages. But there's eight manifestations of God. See how they can take a truth and twist it and then put their self up there. That's right. But see, I ain't concerned about that. I'm just concerned about getting out of here, aren't you? You know, we're all getting older and wore out, you know. So, we better be worried about getting out of here, you know, cuz we don't want to get much older. Father, we thank you, Lord, for tonight. We pray that what we said has been worthy. We ask you to forgive us when it's not, Lord, and just help us cuz we're just human mortals trying to express you. And Lord, sometimes we get ourselves in the way and problems and all, but yet what we try to do is right, Lord. So just look over our faults and failures and bless us. But reveal your word unto us. Show us a revelation that we're born again. And by that revelation that we're born again, Lord, that we're just as righteous as you are. And oh Lord, the devil don't like to hear those words, but yet it's true and we believe you. and we commit it now into your hands, Father, and just bless us on the way home. Take care of everybody. Give everybody a safe journey. And we love you, Father, in Jesus name. Amen. You dismissed. There's a blessed time that's coming.
