################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2013-01-04 - 11-0109 - Son of God - Son of Man Pt.13 - Wade Dale - Wade Dale.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2013-01-04
Title:   11-0109 - Son of God - Son of Man Pt.13 - Wade Dale
Speaker: Wade Dale
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pq0F5i1-XPU
========================================

Hebrews chapter 2. Morning everyone. Hebrews chapter 2. The sound's not off this morning. Just my voice. But it'll be okay. Mr. G me some coding so I can sleep through service. some kind of co. Well, I couldn't sleep this morning, so I'll probably now that I'm in charge. The way it works. Yeah. All right. Hebrews chapter 2. And what we're going to finish up today with is we're going to look at uh there's only one mention of the son of man in this aspect by Paul. Paul being the prophet of the age would have had a better understanding. I would assume that uh Who's our visitor? Who's our visitor? Oh, that's my sister, Gloria. Hello, my sister. Hi, Gloria. I say it's your younger sister, that's for sure. You're so sweet. Okay. But she's taller, so she's older, right, Kevin? You always thought was older than me. She thought was older than me cuz we're taller. But we come to the time of Paul. God has already come on earth in human flesh as the son of man. He's already um died. The son of man died. The son of God cannot die. So the son of man died. Jesus asked Peter said, "Peter, who do you say I did I the son of man am?" And Peter said, "Thou art the Christ, son of the living God." In other words, the creator god. That's not the son of man. Son of man is not the creator God. The son of God is the creator God. So Jesus, he didn't, you know, he didn't answer the question, right? But Jesus says, "Okay, in other words, I'll build my church on that, on your revelation that I am the creator God, the son of God." But you're not going to really understand this man that's standing here, the son of man, until the end time. Because in Matthew 17, we read it a while back where Jesus coming off the mountain and television to no man till the son of man be risen again. Now see, the son of man rose the first time here in the Bible. Son of man's going to raise the second time in his people in an end time bride. All right? So he rose the first time and now he's risen again from the dead. In other words, brother Rom said dead works. And that's exactly what it is. So the the son of God, most people, it's like we were talking somebody the other day that most people will see that Jesus was almighty God, but they'll make him a second person. Okay? All your denominations, they cannot figure out that that was Almighty God himself. Like Aaron was saying Wednesday night, the very essence of God. They only see that Jesus died for their sins. There's a man came on earth that God indwelled and that man died so that he can save the world from the sins. for John 3:16, for God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have eternal life or everlasting life. And they hold on to that, but it's a requirement in this day and that's enough to get you in the body of Christ and enough to get people into these into the church ages and get them born again under the ministry of the age. But there's no other age past this age we're in right now. So there's a requirement. Not that we still believe in the son of God and and then that becomes eroded and then there's another messenger going to pick that up and raise it up again. That's not what's going to happen because what happened in the church ages, Paul's message came. He came at the end of the Pentecostal age and he brought his message to Ephesus. At the end of Ephesus, they started getting away from Paul's teaching. So God sent Irenus. God sent Irene. And then when I come to the Samaran age, Irenus died, went off the scene, his people picked the message up and then they started eroding the message and then God send sent Martin to raise it back up again. So you see how it goes up and down. But now in the end time after this Pentecostal age come the word got eat down so fast and so hard till brother Ram come on the scene to restore the church back to the book of Ephesus or the Ephesian church age. But that wasn't all because he wasn't depending on another messenger a human messenger because there's only seven and he was seven. So there's only seven to bring about the revelation of the son of god. So brother random like brother Dale said the other day had to do two things. He had to restore the faith of the fathers which is what Paul had restore her back to that. Then he preached his message from 63 to 65. He preached a message that God gave him to preach to take the church on to the revelation of the son of man that God would be back in human flesh again. God showing that he would use a flesh like William Brandom. use that flesh to come on the scene and to tell the people the thoughts and intents of their heart to um tell them about their sin and then to open up the word of God like it had never been opened before cuz Jesus said he said tell the vision to no one till the son of man be risen again. I know we've read it and y'all all know where it's at, but let's just read it for some of you that maybe maybe are new. Let's uh let's read that. Matthew 17 cuz this is the way you have to read the Bible. Can't read the Bible like a newspaper. Roll the hidden nuggets in there like we were talking about last night when Ryan was talking about the trees in the garden. Jesus uh God said you can eat of all the trees of the fruit of the garden. The tree in the midst of the garden of good and evil you're not supposed to eat from. That's in the same verse. Well, that tree of knowledge of good and evil was not a little tree that grew up out of the ground. It was Satan, right? So, he wasn't talking about natural trees cuz you go on a little bit further in the chapter and he says of all the trees you can eat and like daddy said, he did say you couldn't eat from the tree of life. He said you couldn't eat from the tree of knowledge of good and evil, which was the person, right? Because in the book of Psalms in a metaphor, it talks about people being as trees. All right. Now, chapter 17, Jesus goes up on the mountain. He's transfigured. He He comes to his adoption. He's glorified. Moses and Elijah comes and talks to him. And then God speaks out of the cloud, "Hear ye him." Now, verse eight, when they lifted up their eyes, they saw no man save Jesus only. And they came down from the mountain. Jesus charged him, saying, "Tell the vision to no man until the son of man," not the son of God, "till the son of man be risen again." What is the son of man? The word made flesh. The son of God is the creator God, the spirit God, the Holy Ghost, the Christ, all those things you want to say. That's what the son of God is. But the son of man is that same son of God in human flesh. And his disciple was on television to no man until the son of man be risen again from the dead. And on the rising of the sun, brother Ram says that happens at the end time. Right? And his disciples asked him saying, why then say the scribes did Elias or Elijah? They knew it. They even know now the Jews are looking for Elijah to come back. They know Elijah has to come before Jesus Christ or before, sorry, know Jesus before the Messiah comes, their Messiah, right? They have no clue until Elijah comes. Even when they do all the things, remember we went through the feast days. They set a cup for Elijah and they set a door open for Elijah. They actually go out the door and look for Elijah to come in. So, they know when he comes in and sets down that the Messiah is coming. Well, see, they're going to miss. They missed that first part. Elijah is going to come. M the Elijah and the two prophets is going to come over there. That's how it's going to be so easy for three and a half years for them to accept that cuz man, there's their two pro biggest prophets. When we were in Israel, you know, I never nobody ever told me that Elijah had to come because I never read it or whatever. But our guide, he said he believed brother Brandham was that Elijah that had to come to the Jews. Now, he didn't believe what he said or anything, right? But he believed because he said that Elijah for must come first. He said that could possibly be brother Brown, right? He just missed that part because he didn't believe in a Messiah that brother Brandon was preaching. That's why he didn't couldn't believe what he said. If he believed what he said, he have to be Jesus Messiah and they missed him. They wouldn't be, right? And Jesus answered and said unto them, verse 11, "Elots truly shall first come and restore all things." Period. Now, let's back up. And his disciples asked him, saying, "Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come?" And Jesus answered unto them, "A Elias truly shall." What is shall a future event? Okay. The snow shall come tomorrow. Future event. I gota try to get word. Elijah truly shall first come and restore all things. And that's what did did John the Baptist do that? No. John the Baptist did not restore anything except the faith of the Old Testament fathers to the New Testament children. So that's what Malachi 4 is. But then Paul John says, "I'm the voice of one crying in the wilderness." So they if they were to read the scripture in the Old Testament, they'd assume that John had come before Jesus first coming. So when Elijah has to come before Jesus the second coming, they just missed the first coming. So they're going to get the second coming, which will be the first coming to them. Kind of confusing, but the Jews missed him the first time. They're going to actually get him the second time. All right? because that's over in Ezekiel and places like that in Jeremiah because they say, "Where did you get those scars?" They're going to see Jesus Christ through Elijah and Moses through two prophets in Israel, they're going to see Jesus so plain then till till they're going to know they missed him. Cuz just like Reuben, if that Elijah shows up on the scene and they start doing signs and wonders and miracles, they know one thing's for sure, the Messiah's coming. But when they turn and tell them, say, "Look, you missed that Messiah and start opening the word up to them," then they're going to, that's why they're going to go in their homes and weep and whail cuz they'll know that they're in trouble, right? But he's going to say, "No, I'm sorry. I mean, I, you know, don't be sorrow. Don't be sorrowful. I've come back to get you." In other words, cuz I'll never forget Israel. He said, he said, "I'll never forget them. Doesn't matter what they do. I'm going to save 144,000 regardless of whether they want me or not, but I'm gonna send two prophets and they're going to accept me. But they're going to show them. That's why the other Jews are going to be so mad at that 144,000. Mhm. Cuz maybe they'll see Elijah standing there and they said, "Well, we got the Messiah coming and they're going to start turn and look at them and say, "You missed it. He's already come and you didn't know what you know, you didn't know what he what he was doing when he got there. I love that verse because if anybody has a tiny desire to learn about the truth in the scripture, this points to brother Brown's message. Sure. Oh, absolutely. You know, right? And it said, "Restore all things." See, brother Ram's message restored all things. get restored back to that son of man. Cuz Jesus knew after he saw from Moses and Elijah about his his coming, his, you know, his death, burial, resurrection, and his second coming. He knew then that that Elijah that was standing there in John the Baptist was not going to be the next, you know, he was just going, the son of man was going to die, but he wasn't going to die again right there and and John the Baptist be there both because John the Baptist was already dead. So he knew there had to be another. Elias truly shall first come and restore all things. So he was pointing to a future event. But now if you read this just with a newspaper knowledge, let's just read it with a newspaper knowledge. And Jesus answer said to me, Elijah truly shall first come restore all things. But I say to you that Elijah has come already. If I'm standing there listening to him and didn't have just to read back over again or the Holy Ghost to reveal that, I'd say, well, he's talking about John. But he said that Elias is come already. Capital letter that Elias, right? What in John the Baptist had come already, and they knew him not, but have done unto him whatsoever they listed. Likewise shall also the son of man suffer of them. Now the the son of man was not physically killed the second time. He was spiritually killed the second time cuz you didn't you know Jesus when he went and ascended and sent the Holy Ghost back. He didn't come back in human flesh. He won't be back in human flesh until the millennium. But what happened down through the church ages? He was spiritually. It was spiritual death that came over the people. That's why the son of man rose one time physically. He's rising the second time physically in me and you. But it's a spiritual application because Jesus told him, he said, "You won't see me no more. But I'll be with you even in you till the end of the world." So, so the world's going to see Jesus Christ, but they're going to see him through us. Then the disciples understood that he spake unto them of John the Baptist. Now, if you read that just like a story, just like a newspaper, you think, "Well, man, that whole scripture is about John the Baptist." But it's not. Truly Elias shall come and restore all things. Period. That thought's done. Right? Talking about a future event. Then he backs up. But I say unto you that Elias has come already. What? The spirit and power of Elijah. The five times he's coming. Elijah, Elisha, John the Baptist, brother Brandham, and the one going to the Jews. That's the five times. And he knew that John the Baptist was already gone. So the son of man risen again in the end time. Mhm. Right. Not doing away with the son of God, but the son of God is going to have to do a work just like he did it with that son of man. Cuz I go back to the scripture, all power in heaven and earth been given unto me. What was it? It was a man standing in human flesh that had all the power of the universe in his body. Right? In that body of flesh. Because that was after the resurrection when he said that. Then he was seen of of 500 brethren. He was seen for 30, 40 days. He walked through wall, but yet he could eat fish and it wouldn't, you know, it wasn't like Casper the friendly ghost. You know, he had material you could you could touch him cuz remember Thomas Thomas touched him touched my So he touch when he touched when Thomas touched him his hand didn't go through him. He was showing them one thing that he had come back in his full power, right? Because remember, they saw him as the son of man walking on the earth with a lot of problems. A lot of heartaches and trials. Couldn't even heal people in his own city. That's what the scripture says. Said he had to go outside the city to heal the people cuz people inside thought he was just Jesus, that old carpenter boy, Joseph's illegitimate son. and and sure he might have a little bit of an anointing on him because remember what Galia said? He said, "Don't you remember that guy that walked through here and got 400 people and took him out in the desert?" He said, "We never heard no more from him." He said, he said it was the Messiah. He said, "Well, if if he be the same man," he said, "It's not going to hurt us." He said, "But if that man be of God," that's why brother Brown said, "Go be given eternal life." It's because Gia said, "If that be God, we shouldn't fight against him." Right? So he said if that be the man that walks out there in the desert, let him go. He didn't bother us to start with. But if that man's the son of God, we're in trouble. In other words, if we if we go against that man. So that's what Kai I mean not Kyus, but Gia did to uh stand up for the Lord. But now let's go to uh where Hebrews 2 cuz nobody really got the revelation of the son of man. And listen, it's a fine line, folks, because it was God in human flesh all down through the church age. God, the son of God, was born again into a a man named Martin. And he did great signs and wonders. That was the son of man doing a work through a person named Martin. But the full word wasn't restored. Remember Jesus said all things had to be restored by this Elijah. So there was no way through these church ages until this Elijah come. There was no way just for what because of what Jesus said. There was no way that all things could be restored because see when Elijah restores all things in the end time there's no more church age. What did Martin and Luther and Columba and all those people what they do? They restored the people to a degree from the Catholicism of the Catholic Church. Luther raised them up to the just shall live by faith and still smoke the pipe and drank beer. Wesley comes along and says there's got to be more to it than that. Let's do away with the beer and the cigarettes. In other words, modern time. And let's raise it up to a sanctified condition where God's going to clean. Well, that was the Holy Ghost for their time. But it didn't do it didn't still didn't do a lot for this body. Then the Holy Ghost comes in and on the Isuza Street and baptizes the people with the Holy Ghost. Brings the gifts back into the church to get the church straightened out to a degree. But from 1906 to 19 and 33 when brother random when on the Ohio River when the angel came down says as your as John the Baptist message for the first coming your message the forun second coming from there to 1933 brother Random said they fell off real fast. He remember he told them in about middle 50s he said you Pentecostals he said another 20 years he said it took the Catholic church 2,000 years to get this bad. He said you'll be that bad in 20 years and they are now. You can't tell a Pentecostal from a from a street walker most of the time. And that's what happened when you turn the word down. But but they didn't turn the word down to the degree you think where they all just well it was all false and they all went to hell. No, they was true truly FF Bosworth and all those people that come up during that time. They were born again believers but they were still carrying the trin trinitarian doctrine. They were still being baptized in name, father, son, holy ghost. Their word had not been fully restored. The son of man can't come back until that word was fully restored back to where Jesus was standing at that day coming off the mount. Okay? Cuz he said Elish truly must come and restore all things. Telling them that the son of man will be risen again when that man comes on the scene and restores all things. Brother Brandham was not the embodiment of the son of man. He was a son of man revealing the son of man which was the Lord Jesus Christ. But he came so much in that body till he spoke out one day and said, "This is not William Brandon's voice." But yet it was. You can't tell the difference in that tape, was it? You know, it didn't come out like God's voice. Everybody thinks it's some booming, you know, like a big old man's voice, you know, like uh James Earl Jones or something, you know. No, it was William Brham's voice. He he was just speaking speaking speaking. All of a sudden, he said, "This is not the voice of William Brandon. I'm just using his voice, in other words, to speak to you." But it was still brother Brandham talking the whole time. And brother Random said the I was reading it the other day. He said, "I just yield myself and get out of the way." He comes down and he speak. Well, now you can't tell the difference when the anointing hits him. And when he's telling those people who they are and what they've been doing, and then it won't be 10 seconds later he'll say, "I don't know what I said, but whatever I said was the truth because it was him." Well, now on the tape, it was brother Ram's literal voice. It wasn't You understand? You understand what I'm saying? Cuz people in schizophrenics and pain people like that, they have different identities, personalities. They talk different. You know, they act different. The devil makes them act different. But now God is so much with this human part that we are now that like brother Dale today will be speaking the word of God. If we believe that's the word of God, then that's God speaking to us personally. That but he's using a a vessel to talk through, but he's not going to talk different. Right. Right. Exactly. He's not going to talk different. He's going to talk just like we talk. That's the son of man be truly risen again. Cuz see, everybody's looking for something out here. Denominations, they're they truly like brother Ram said, and I really didn't understand it till just a little while ago. But brother Ram said, the denominations can't get Jesus off the cross. And that's what they do. They know that Jesus died for their sins. They know he was up there on that cross. They know that they nailed him up there. They can't deny that because that's the basis of all Christianity. And then they say, "Okay, he died for our sin, but we're still going to live like this." So they can't get him off there into here. And they say, "Oh yeah, Jesus lives in my heart." But what are they depended on? They're dependent on that cross that he died. And sure, some of them, you know, you'd be given eternal life maybe for that stand. But to be a child of God or a son and daughter of God, you can't keep him on the cross. It never becomes real up there either. No. Well, it's just a it's just a story. It's a good story. Just a good story. Get people emotional. That's what Satan wants to do. He wants to get people emotional and sing and shout and worship and forget about the word of God. What the word of God said. What came to mind is um there's nothing new under the sun. the the preacher said, "And we Gentiles, we end up making the same mistakes that the Jewish people made. They couldn't take it that g that God was in Jesus, the flesh." And that's the same thing happening today. Sure. That Christ is the mystery of God revealed. That's right. In us and we'll end up making the same mistake and it's in us. Yeah. That's the biggest stumble, right? All right. Let's read what Paul said, brother. I'm sorry. I said the bride is the mystery of Christ now. Exactly. That's right. That's why Jesus said, "The world will see me no more." In other words, after this day, the world will never see my face until judgment. That's what he was saying. Though this world that you're living in will not see me in this form, right, until the day of judgment. But now you'll see me for I'll be with you even in you and see see means to understand. See don't mean to literally look at something as so much but it is but still see means to understand that man and nobody really understood that man. Even the Apostle Paul didn't truly understand all of God because look, chapter 2, verse, let's just read the whole thing down to about level. Therefore, we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard, lest at any time we should let them slip. For if the word spoken by angels was steadfast, and every transgression and disobedience received a just recompense of reward, how shall we escape if we neglect so great salvation which at the first began to be spoken by the Lord and was confirmed unto us by them that heard him. Because remember, Apostle Paul didn't hear it literally hear Jesus speak. But Paul saying he heard it through Peter and Paul I mean Peter and and James and John and all those people. God also bearing them witness both with signs and wonders and with many miracles and gifts of the Holy Ghost according to his own will. He asked him the question, "How shall we escape if we neglect so great a salvation? For unto the angels hath he not put in subjection the world to come, whereof we speak." But one in a certain place testified, saying, "What is man that thou art mindful of him?" Now that's in Psalms 84-6. So that was David. What is man that thou mindful of him? Are the son of man that thou visitth him? Thou mst him a little lower than the angel. Thou crownest him with glory and honor and didest set him over the works of thy hand. Thou hast put all things in subjection under his feet. Who? Son of man. For in that he put all in subjection under him, he left nothing that was not put under him. Matthew told him, I would say, I'm just going to assume that Matthew said, I heard Jesus say, "All power in heaven and earth has been given unto me at the resurrection." Cuz that's what Matthew wrote down, right? But now we see not yet all things put under him. Now, we see death put under his feet because of what he done. But we don't see all things put under him. It's not that God got less. God stayed where he was at. God's never changed. Remember what we've been trying to say. It's us looking to God and him revealing what he is, not what he's going to be or the thoughts of our mind. Right? He left nothing that is not put under him. But now we see not yet all things put under him because Paul was still looking at people dying. So we knew that all things were were put under Jesus's feet, but we don't see all things put under his feet. Okay, everybody understand that? We I underlined that word we. Now we see not yet all things put under his feet. But now what did he say being a prophet in verse 9? But we see Jesus. See, he knew to look toward that man who was made a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honor, that he may by the grace of God should taste death for every man. For it became him for whom are all things and by whom are all things, and bringing many sons unto glory, talking about himself, and all the sons and daughters of God, to make the captain of their salvation perfect through suffering. That's what happened to Jesus because what? Look at the next thing he says. For both he that sanctifith and they who are sanctified are all of one. Paul knew that man was a human being that God had come down in human flesh some way and become a man. And I say some way just to give you because Paul probably had a better understanding. But we got to look back to what Paul was looking at. He said we He said Jesus we know was everything put under but we don't see all things put under cuz he look around see people dying. He'd look around see people sick but he knew that the power of the resurrection was inside of them cuz they were going about doing signs and wonders like he said over here in verse three or four. For both he that sanctifith and they that are sanctified are all of one. For which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren. And you can keep reading on down a little further. Verse 16 sums it all up. He took on him the seed of Abraham. That was the promised son. So Paul is looking at this man, not understanding the complete whole part of the son of man. I'm sure Paul had gifts in his life. Uh we saw where he rebuked people and he would cast out devils and do the things like that. But I don't know that Paul had the ministry like brother Brandham as far as the discerning of the thoughts and intents of the heart. Cuz that's left for for Jesus did that. Remember he said Simon. He said uh um who was it? One of them said where did you see me? He said well I saw you before you know Nathaniel around side of the mountain. You were all praying over there Philip. I don't know. And I just in my own personal ability, there's no way Paul had the same revelation that Brother Brandham did. Now, there's people in the message, I've heard him preach it, that Paul had the same revelation that Brother Brandham had. He just didn't give it out. I just don't I just don't believe that. I believe that even in the book of Daniel, God told him to seal those things up until the time of the end. Now, Paul was not the time of the end. Paul was the beginning. That's right. Now, we know the alpha and omega's got to be the same. But see, Paul had a had a had a position down through the church ages. They held it for a little while, but then it went down. And then Luther and Wesley brought it back up to about right here. So, Brother Brandham had to bring it to where it was right here. Well, that was 47 to 62 or somewhere in there, right? Correct. Because he had the faith of the fathers, right? So, brother Brandham brought it back to that. Well, if he would have stayed at that, then it would have just people just kept on dying. That's why Paul says we don't see all things but we see Jesus. In other words, we see people dying. But when brother Brandham came to right here and the revelation of those seals came, brother Brandham's revelation came up to here. The revelation of the son of man. Paul did not have the revelation of the son of man. Now he knew this man was in human flesh doing the good works and being, you know, being the one the captain of our salvation. But I just don't believe Paul had a ministry like brother Bham did. I just Brother Ram had to go beyond that. He saw through a glass dark but committed that. Sure. And I believe maybe Paul maybe looked down through time as a prophet. He would go up and look cuz he went to the third heaven. So So he was able to go into another dimension. But I don't think he I'm like you. I think he looked down through the church ages and it just got kind of blurry down at the end. He said, "I looked through the last darkling." But see when brother Brandham come all things were made clear cuz what he was standing in that age that Paul saw from right here you know your eyes are real blurry until you get close and then you you know see things but u that's the whole part I want to end with and then maybe we'll pick something up. We may start in the seal and do it in a simple form, not in a not be so I guess like brother Jordan so technical about it, but we'll be kind of simple about it because Paul's here. Brother Brandham was here when he brought the faithful fathers back up to 62 somewhere in there. But see, brother Brandon brought a message that we've got to understand. Understanding Paul's message will get you in heaven, but it won't get you in a body chain. But this message up here will get you in a life change. Right? So we'll start that next week.
