################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-01-01 - 15-1231 - The Back Part of God's Mind - Jewel  (Watchnite service) - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-01-01
Title:   15-1231 - The Back Part of God's Mind - Jewel  (Watchnite service)
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y7Y0cBujDXc
========================================

Watch my sh [Music] sing [Music] and free from ocean. I will shout and I will sing. Are gathering in. Amen. When the redeemed are gathering in gathering in for the last night of this year. Celebrate the finishing up of the year. Had a wonderful year. It's been a glorious time. The Lord's been good to us. It's wonderful. So, we thank the Lord for that. Right. Amen. Let's just go right into the service and then we'll sing a while and then we'll get brother Forny out and then we'll get to going. So, anybody got a special request, sister, I talked to my sister a few minutes ago. She's had a bad day. And we thank God he was with Danny because he had a ran into a deer today and it's tore up his truck some, but he was trying to get it straightened out, but he's okay. So, it was no problem. Anybody else? I know we all have unspoken requests. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer and get started. Lord Jesus, we thank you for an opportunity this night of coming together that we could fellowship, Lord, around the last night of the meetings and the things of the year that we could end this year on a very happy note of love and grace for you and for what all you've done for us this year. And we're looking forward to a new year. And all things then will be made new one day. And there won't be any new year endings. There'll be plenty of eternity. We love you. We thank you. And we just commit everything into your hands. And just Lord say thank you for all things in Jesus name. You may be seated. [Music] We got one buzzing. Okay. We're have to get somebody back there. Okay. Glad to have everybody in the house of the Lord. Good to see everybody and if you're with us and all. We have people from New Mexico and everywhere else today. So that's good. And we thank the Lord for that. And for up in what is it? Canada. Is it right? From Canada. Uh sister Canada. Right. Glad to have her sister with us from from Canada. and brother uh Louise introduced her as his mother-in-law and I said, "No, it's not. I thought that was your wife's sister." So, we're glad to have her with us and glad you know what to do. But we're go right into the service. It's okay now. You got it. If I can hear a buzz and I know y'all can. So, that's that's something about one of the systems. But, we're going to just go right into the service tonight and brother Dixon going to lead us. We'll have responsive reading and we'll have the thing just make a little service out of it and sing for maybe 20 25 minutes and then we'll have brother Forny to come out and ministering to us and then we'll have some singing and worshiping all the way into the new year. Right. So let's just go ahead brother Dick and get everything to going. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good to see everybody out this good evening. Uh, you know, young people don't think a whole lot about change from year to year, but everybody in here remembers, you remember when they thinking about changing over to 2000, whether computers is going to bomb out or not. Well, that was 16 years ago, you know, and I had friends I had a friend, he said, I want to live to 2000, you know. Well, he made it 2002 or three, something like that. But anyhow, uh we're here tonight. We're going to uh have a preaching and we're going to sing and we're going to send a 2015 out that way and we're going to invite 2016 in this way. And uh been doing this for how long? I've I've been I think about 30 years I've been coming here. But anyhow, I've enjoyed it. Let's try see you there for a little bit. in the presence of Jehovah. Sing out now. God Almighty, praise the peace, [Applause] troubles, hearts are many [Music] in the pray of the king. As I'll stand, I just worship while in the praise of your God. [Music] Res [Music] [Applause] [Music] in the presence [Music] of the king in the praise. Amazing. I'm Jehovah God. [Music] Troules made [Music] hearts are in the king. We are standing. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. On holy ground. And I know that there are angels all around. [Music] Let us praise. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus. Now we are standing in his presence on holy ground. We are standing [Music] on holy ground. [Music] And I know that there are angels all around [Music] Jesus. We are standing in his presence on holy ground. flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me [Applause] as I live my hands to worship to magnify thy name through me. Holy Spirit through me. flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me as I lift my hand to worship him. and of man divy thy name flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Hallelu hallelu. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. Hallelujah. Amen. You can be seated. Amen. You know, there's a there's a part for every service and uh happens to be this part right here. You know, you come up the road and uh out there where the road rage is going on and everything and uh you know you say, "Well, I don't have that old thing in me." Well, you pray for me cuz it gets in me. And people ask me a lot of times said, "Where are you entertaining tonight or today or whatever about going to nursing's home?" I said, "I don't entertain. I I go to create ser atmospheres and if I don't create atmosphere then I haven't done my job and that's what we're here tonight to prepare for the warrior to come out here and deliver a message for us and if we got all those things in us uh tonight that we thinking about like I said coming up the road and everything. So that's what we're trying to do right now. We're going to turn over to number 210 in the in the u uh red book. We're going to be in C. Amen. And y'all sing out. Uh I know everybody doesn't have a microphone, so everybody just sing as loud as you can. And uh help me out up here. Christ our redeemer died on the cross. died for a sinner. Paid all his break your soul with the blood of the lamb. And I will pass will pass over you. When I see the blood. When I see the blood. When I pass I will pass over you. [Music] Jus the sinner. Jesus will say all he has promised that will he do wash in the mountain and I will pass will pass over you. When I see the blood. When I see the blood. When I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. [Music] Judgement is coming. All will be each one just [Music] hide in the same cleansing blood and I will pass will pass over you when I see the blood when I see the blood When I see the blood, I will pass I pass over you. Oh great compassion, all loving kindness, faithful and true. My peace and shelter under the blood. And I will pass will pass over you. When I see the blood when I see the blood when I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. Amen. Amen. We're going to ask brother. Amen. Let's all stand. Amen. Good evening everyone. Thank you back in the house of the Lord again. We're going to read from second Timothy the third chapter. You know, I was thinking we always feel that the house of the Lord should be full every time that we show up. But people have excuses for not coming. And if you want excuse and don't have one, just stand still long enough. Want to show up. Amen. That's right. Let's let's all pray if you would. Heavenly Father, we are grateful Lord and we're thankful Lord for this privilege and opportunity that you give us to come together to worship. Lord, there's many people desire in many countries Lord that they can't get together to worship. But Lord, we are able because what you have provided for us and we thank you for it. And we ask you touch every heart, Father. and any problem that anyone have here Lord we pray that you would remove it we pray you be as brother foreign to the Lord as he prepares to bring unto us and minister this night in Jesus Christ's name we pray amen thank you Jesus second Timothy 2 Timothy 3 we start verse one through verse 17 this know also that in last days perilous times shall come disobedient unful without natural afflictions, truth breakers, false accusers, incontent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, [Music] having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof from search turn away. [Music] Ever learning and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth. concerning the faith. But they shall proceed no further, for their father shall be manifested unto all men, as theirs also was. Matter of life, purpose, faith, longsuffering, charity, patience, persecutions, affliction which come unto me at Antioch and Iconium last year. What persecution I endured, but out of them all the Lord delivered me. But evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived. thou has learned. And from a child thou has known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus. All scripture is given by inspiration of God and is profitable for reprove, for correction, for instructionous that the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly punished through all good works. God bless you. Be seated. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's go to G. We're going to sing Amazing Grace because it is Amazing Grace. How sweet to say. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Amazing gra. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Amen. Let's turn over to two uh 246 I believe it is in the red book. We'll stand. and sing this one. Amen. Wait and see. [Music] Jesus has turn. Oh, [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Amen. We're going to lift our offering tonight. We'll worship him and tithe and offer away. blood of Alcenar if he won't come take it up for thank you father we come again with thankful hearts praise and worship to you as we close out this year giving back to you Lord that you've given to us we thank you so much for all you've done this we return your service Lord in Jesus My body fled. [Music] Lord, you are all precious and silver. You are [Music] you are [Music] you and nothing I desire compares to you. You are more precious than silver. Lord, you are more beautiful than mine. He's wonderful, isn't he? And nothing I desire compares. Sing that unto him and think about the three most precious things man goes after. Oh, you are the three things man tries to get. He's more precious than all of you are sweet and you are more beautiful than [Music] nothing. side to side. [Music] Amen. And amen and amen and amen. Is that what you think about him? Yes. Amen. He's more precious than gold, silver, anything we could think of. Cuz he's eternal life. And good to see everybody in the house of the Lord. We're always glad to have everybody here on watch night service to end the year with us and glad to have they're not visitors but glad to have New Mexico out there represented as I said while ago they're a good group of them. I don't thank any of them and we've already welcomed the little girls. So that means a whole family's been here and we're glad to have him. Glad to have sister Louis's mother there with us and and just appreciate them coming. You come one time you're a visitor, two times you're part of us. and we don't have anything to join up with. We're just part of the body of Christ. But does this everybody I'm sure knows brother Forny. So let's get right on into the service and then just give him the time that he would desire to minister unto us and just close out the year praising God for his wonderful grace he has extended unto each one of us. Right. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of mine. But I want to see you. I want to see you. Open the eyes of my heart. Lord, you love me. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see. [Music] Yes. Your glory [Music] for your power and love. You say holy, holy, holy. [Music] Oh hallelujah. [Music] Oh your power. Holy, holy, holy. Oh yes. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to sing. Hallelujah. Praise God. Thank the Lord. This year we uh come almost to the end of a new year. Oh, we going to sing praise God. Oh yeah, y'all may be seated. Vanessa, come on up. Praise God. Yeah. Praise God. Praise God. Pray. You know, thank the Lord. You know, we realized we coming to another year. We realizing uh that it's sooner or later this song is going to be history. Amen. Won't it be a time? Amen. You know, we believe we close in the time that one morning we going to wake up. Amen. Somebody going to walk to the mirror. Uhhuh. Hallelujah. The resurrection saints going to be praying here and then and we going to be in a look at our hands and our hands and look new. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. You thought we look all around us and how all around us shine. Won't it be a time talking with the angels? Amen. That's right. [Music] I said, "Won't it be a time?" Oh, won't it be a time? [Music] Oh, what it be? One target will be aes Yes. [Music] [Music] Oh, would it be a time with me? Honey be will I look in my hands and my hand look and I look everywhere and you all around me All around we shine our morning. Oh, [Music] what it be? Want to have you with me? Why be a die so good on the resurrection? All our loved ones going to be coming in this room right now. I need Jimmy Gibson and people that we know we know. They are coming in this room right now. And the pro they going to come to us. We see them. When our body changes die [Music] with Angel, why did it be a time? I looked at my hands and my hands look new. And I looked every [Music] That's right. All around me. All around me. Shine. I said you wanted [Music] me. Oh, you indeed [Music] God. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. That's right. And praise God. I think y'all been practicing that song. Amen. Thank God. Amen. So we we thank the Lord. Amen. We don't want to say we appreciate the dad and mama Sam and so we appreciate them and everything and we had a good time. Amen. You know you know I never met my dad. Never saw him really. I didn't even know him. My mother never told me where he was really and you know I just happened to be one of them kind of kids. But then you know the Bible say I will raise up your fathers and mothers. Hallelujah. So you know if I say if I had to pick a dad I would pick brother Sam. Yeah, he's been a real been a real dad figure. Y'all grandchildren and children or whoever you lucky to have a a real dad. Hallelujah. So, we thank God that not only he's a physical dad, but then in in the spiritual realm, it's good to have somebody that got the anointing of God to be a real father in the gospel. That's right. So, we thank God and we just appreciate this family. We appreciate this body of people. Good to see the uh New Mexico group and Amen. Amen. They got a long drive and actually I told him I said I ain't took that drive yet there and I ain't got up to it yet. So we praise God it's good to see them here and it just good to see everyone here tonight and we trust God that we can say something. Now you know my style of a helicopter. I know y'all been used to the airplane, but tonight y'all might have to take a different kind of flight. So, you know, so we we going to try to we going to try our best, you know, you know, we ain't going to we going to let God have his way, but you know, don't if I go two hours, y'all better say he is certainly in the spirit. Amen. So, you just want to let you know that right now. Don't be disappointed and everything. But we thank God that we this only be the way God made us. Yes, sir. And just like I said, it's good to see everyone here tonight and appreciate my wife being able to travel with me, you know. Praise God. Yeah, it's good when she can come and just been like I told you I told him the other night they said, "Brother Jo, how you feeling?" And I tell myself, I feel real broke. I'm talking about broke. I mean them grandkids. I got nine grandkids. This Christmas, man. I wish they going to do away with the holiday. Do away with Christmas, man. You know, I mean, it's been been right there. What? Man, I'm trying to come up with a some kind of remedy, you know. I don't know what to come up with. I got two daughters or granddaughters and they born one born the 9th of January and one born the 10th of Jan uh no the 9th of March and one born the 10th of March and I'm trying to come up with some kind of things I could buy I told my wife what I'm going to do I'm going to buy the one that's born the 9th the gift and then the next day she get a present [Laughter] just a thought. Praise God. You have them kind of thoughts, they don't really work. I come up with a thought a while back several years ago now. I said, "I need to get my wife something for anniversary." And that's I'm going to get my wife something for anniversary. I don't have to buy her nothing for anniversary the rest of our marriage. I brought her a trophy and I handed it to her. She said, "I don't want this dumb trophy. What you want me to do with it?" I said, "Look on. I don't care what's on it. I don't want it. I thought every anniversary she can go look the world's greatest wife. It don't work in reality. If you're thinking that, it don't work. It just was a good thought I had. But thank God. You know one thing about God thoughts, they do work. What God thought about us is that what really count. That's right. So, I'm going to let you stand one more time. I'm just going to read a few scriptures here. Two scriptures. Okay. And I want to read uh Romans 8 and verse 28. You know that is one scripture I no doubt been read. No doubt people read it everywhere. But then I said, do we really catch what it means? Because we think it's everything work together for the good. You lose a loved one, somebody get killed or some major act, something happened. First thing you got to do, we question how can this be the will of God, right? But God got everything in his to control. So Romans 8 verse 28, Paul speaks here. And y'all wouldn't mind. I guess it'll help my eyes a little bit. Now, I'm one thing about when you get older, if you like it when something like this is size got some good points, right? Amen. Amen. sis some good boys. He said, "And we know all things work together for the good to them that love God." To them who are the call according to his purpose. So now we looking at this here. You say, "But I I thought it going to work this way." But you looking at your purpose, but we talking about his purpose tonight. Uh, Revelation one to be uh working for his purpose. We got to see him in the light of Revelation 1 verse 8. Hallelujah. It's working for his everything working together for the good. That mean that we got to he got to know all things. So now he say I am the alpha and omega the beginning and the end. How can God miss it? How can we be when it when it's happen to us? How can we say it ain't working out? He said, "I know the beginning and the end, said the Lord, which is which was and which is to come, the Almighty." Let us pray. My gracious father, help me one more time to yield my mind, my body, my spirit, my soul to you, God. Father, just help me, Lord, to get out of the way. Father, I trust God that you break all tightness of this day. Father, we all human and we all in our bodies. But God, I trust God that you break every tide spirit that would try to uh come upon us, oh God, tonight. Father God, give us strength now. I commit my whole body and soul spirit to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated one moment. Thank the Lord for the reading of the mind uh the reading of the word of God tonight. H we want to thank God this evening that we realize that all things work together for the good of them that love God called according to his purpose. In other words, I want to take a dog a thought from there on the back part of God mind. Amen. Everybody talk about I want to talk about what did God think about you. Hallelujah. I want to go back in when God before there was a star before there was a molecule. I knew God had something in his mind. He had a bride in his mind. He didn't wear s before I start I like to read one quote to start off with Christ the mystery of God revealed. Amen. He didn't want to look at the back part of God in mind for a minute. Exactly. Hallelujah. He said now God's secret mystery. He got it up here now. God's secret mystery he had before the what? World began. Before the what? World began. Hallelujah. God. You think it ain't no mistake in God. How do you say, "Brother Jo, I failed." God knew where you fell down. God knew where you got up. He knew you before the world ever began. He said, "Now, in the back part of God mind, there was something that he was was trying to trying and was going to achieve and he had a motive in doing it in order to let himself be what? Because first there was not there was not even a a scar a a a moon a star a molecule at Adam or molecule or anything. He was what and but but exactly was not God at that time because God is the object of worship and there was nothing to worship him. So in his great what he wanted those what to do what? And in him was what? In him was what? In him was what? In him was to be a savior. In him was to be a what? Hallelujah. I say he got it all in one big package. Hallelujah. You say, "I need a healer." He's a healer already. He was a healer before you ever existed because that was his attributes. Right. And all these great attributes that we that we see already expressed, they were what? So we want to talk on the back part of God mind. Hallelujah. In the word in the word people say, "Well, brother Joel, I want to I want to talk a few minute before we start." I look I be getting a lot of people base that revelation on. Brother Joel, I know I was called. You better know more than that because calling on me. is I know God called me. Hallelujah. Don't base your revelation on your call. You better base your revelation. God chose you. Cuz many are called but few are chosen. I show you in the way. You said, "Brother Joy, what I'm trying to say before the world ever begin, God knew who you was." Hallelujah. You said, "Brother Joy, I I made up my mind." No, you didn't make up your mind. Hallelujah. God knew what was in you before you ever existed. Right. So, you know what? Romans Romans 9 and verse 11-13. Romans 9 11 through 13. Watch out. Paul eating this up here. Anyway, he's speaking in here because you thinking when I brother, how did I get in God? What made me what? What part of me that was in God? The part that was in God that God had you in part of his word before the world ever began. You didn't just didn't come to I'm going to make myself the word. You always were part of God word and God is expressing himself in you right now. Amen. He said for he for the church is not being yet what neither have done any what? Come on. Right. How did God do this? He ain't done no good of evil. Hallelujah. He said done any good or evil. That the purpose of God according to election might what? Amen. Not of works, but of him that what? For it was said unto her, the elder shall serve the what? And it is written. Jacob I have what? For Esau I have hated. How can God make a decision and neither boy was born? Because God knew what was in the word and the word and the seed and God knew what he put in the seeds. That's right. Amen. How should we begin to look here? So I begin to think on this look here on call me and chosen. How many people I want to be chosen of God? How that why brother man preaches a message choosing of a bride somebody that you got in your mind a praying for somebody that's in the back part of your mind that going to be my wife. I'm going to choose her. That that that ain't she looking you are looking for her. Right. All right. Hallelujah. So choosing I look at the revelation tell us here in the word God word we not just only called but we are in other word but we are also called and chosen in the way he said him he said they who was with him are called and chosen and faithful. Right. And also it also Paul said in Ephesians Ephesians 1 verse4 according he as he has what chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we shall be holy and without blame with our blame before him in love. So he talking about chosen I do not mistakes God have talked about I have chose you Paul you cannot blasphe the holy ghost. No, I say Paul cannot blasphe the Holy Ghost. And then you done enough to blasphe the Holy Ghost. He should have went to hell. But God chose Paul. He said, "You are a chosen vessel to me." I knew God called him and chose him. You know, thank God he looked at us that way cuz we all been in bad shape. But God had a purpose in the back part of his mind. So now I'm going to begin to look at order to understand. Let's just try to break this down in my I just have to do it the way God showed me. So we want to look here. Let's just go and look at the back part of God mind. Let us go to Genesis 1. Genesis 1 and we're going to read verse one. There god everything that God did. Genesis 1 and verse one. Let's just look at this simple scripture here. It didn't start off with everything. just started off with a simple expression of God. You think about it start off boom with lightning and fireworks. It started off with a thought express. It say in the beginning God created the what and the earth. If you notice it was in the beginning. So if it had a beginning it got to have an ending somewhere. Let me show you that word God made. He when we see the earth, why did God create the earth? Hey, he had a a plan in his mind. And in the earth, your body was in the earth. My body was in the earth. God body was in the earth and he created earth because God was going to put skin on himself. The whole revelation is that God was going to put skin on him. Hallelujah. So in the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth because God knew one day he got to have a body to express love. I had to express I mean to express a healer to express a savior he could not a word he had to to be a healer he had to come in that way to fully express that attribute he had a good skin on himself so here he was amen so we look at here in the beginning God created the heavens and the earth right in other words so he had to have something that could actually he would create himself so he could so he can die because in the in the supernatural realm of God couldn't die. If he stayed in the form of God, he couldn't die. But he put a beginning on it. So that body come out with the beginning of the creation of God. So God can go to the cross. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. So look at here. Let take it here a little step for. So God had this plan in his mind. He wasn't going to lose. He was not going to It looked like everything was going. It looked like everything was out of control. But God got it all in control. He said, "What you going through tonight, God got it all in control. Whatever come your way, I God will make it work out according to his purpose." How do you say, "Brother, what God doing?" He's working on you. He's working on me. It might not be what I might not be what I ought to be, but one thing I know I'm not what I used to be. Because God is working on us. You're exactly right. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. He goes and says here, I want to be here. God had a purpose. Let look at his purpose here. He says here in the message of h I think Joe sweat Phoenix, Arizona. He'll pull it up out. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm sweating. I'm sweating these things out. Sweating words out. That's good. Let me find my place here now. Okay, let me Yeah, here I am. Right here. He said, "Now, Adam was in the Garden of Eden when he first sinned, God had a way of redemption." Amen. For, you know, in other words, Adam wouldn't do any Adam couldn't save himself. Some people say, "Brother Joel, hallelujah. Adam went out and he saved Eve." Adam need redemption for himself. Adam couldn't save her. He needed redemption for himself. Adam to touch her back pulling her pulling himself into sin. But God cannot destroy Adam because Adam was part of God and Eve was part of him. So it says he say God had a way of redemption for him right right quick. Just as soon as he sinned, God made a way of redemption. Before Adam could ever approach back to fellowship with the father, God had to slay an innocent lamb or sheep and make him a clo to to go around him because Adam thought he could cover himself. And we think today I can cover myself by reading quotes. You can't cover yourself only by the blood. You're not saved by quote. You are saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. When the word become flesh in you, it's the blood. Hallelujah. How about you too far out there? You know how you got to call me crazy. My way would call me crazy. I thank God I feel this way. Yeah. In other words, you know, we don't need we don't need marijuana to get happy. We don't need wine to get happy. Hallelujah. You know, they they had a thing come out of years ago around the message. Drink a little wine till you feel stimulated. After you get a little revelation, you going to feel stimulated. Hallelujah. He going to take you into another dimension. How do you see God in another realm? Honey, it will stimulate your because it says here, hallelujah. Clothe around him. Throw and throw out the wagon carpet for Adam to walk back on the carpet of redemption. Amen. To come into his presence again. Amen. God always had a plan of redemption and that has been through the what? I don't know what people do. They done took the blood out of the message. How people could have went back to the thing and I can make it myself. Hallelujah. You can make it yourself. You don't need the blood. Hallelujah. If you could do it yourself, you don't need the blood. Honey, your body is unredeemed. Your body is not the good enough to approach God. But down in that soul where the word is, that's what God's looking at. He's not looking at your body. He looking at the word that's in you. That's right. Thank you. You know what I'm saying here? He says here, he says, "And that through the blood, ever since the very beginning, dawn of time." Yes, sir. See, that body could die. Cuz in the beginning when God created when Adam was first created, hallelu, Adam did not have time in his body. But when Adam sinned, in that day, he became a time creature. How he became a time creature. Hallelujah. Now, Adam got baldheaded. But then he didn't have to worry about his afro. It never got gray. It stayed black. He kept scr Why? Because in in the before Adam before there was a fail, Adam never had this in his body. But as soon as Adam fell, that day you eat the time you eat there, that time you die. Adam became a time creature. Right. Right. Exactly. Right. He says here in the in the dawn of time he preceded his mind of God. Before the world come into existence, God had a way already planned. Before the world was at you can see why brother B go back and take the scripture say how before how in the world there was a lamb that was slain before the foundation of the world. How God had a plan. He had a purpose in the back part of his mind. He said, "I'm going to save my bride." The devil going to think he got her because time going to come in. But I want to tell you what, I'm going to come down in time and I'm going to destroy time and time shall be no more with the revelation. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. So we go here. So let's go deal with the time element. So you if you notice here, when Adam fell, Adam did try to cover himself. I mean, they made him a little cloth cover and a fig leaf and he walked out in the presence of God. And that wasn't enough to cover him. Hallelujah. Know where he was just a as he was if he didn't have that fig leaf right because God didn't call fig leaf to cover you. Hallelujah. I want to tell you people today. You say, "Well, I'm a vegetarianist. I don't believe in eating meat." I'm sorry for you missing something. You can now if you I'm not going to hurt your feeling but if you're a vegetarian you can't believe you don't believe the same message I'm kind of eagles you ever seen a vegetarian eagle eagle is a meat eater they take blood and take something to die with blood in it I know vegetables die we live by dead substance I want to tell you what Jesus said every time he raised somebody up from the sea he never go say go get them them turnups. He said, "Go get him some meat." Hallelujah. In other words, he want to be scra. So he find here. So they they they he tried to cover himself. But God had a purpose. Amen. Now, I want you to notice this. God could not he could not come down and take sin after the order we was born in. That's right. To do this, God would if God would have come the way that we come, he would had to come through sensation. But God had to come through revelation, the spoken word. Hallelujah. Had to be the thought of God expressed. If God would have come the way you come, he would have had to come through sensation. Right? So you find here. So he had to make a way. Remember the he had to come legal, right? You know what? You know where it had to be a legal interest, right? You know Jesus tell you I stand at the door if you know he stands at the door. Hallelujah. Because the door is a legal interest into a house. Hallelu door is a legal interest. I don't care who it is, right? I don't care if it's my son. Yeah. I'm in that kitchen going through my window. We going to have problems with that because my window is not the legal entrance into my house. If you want something, come through the door. If God come to the earth, he got to come through the door. I am the door to the shephold. I'm not the winner of the door. Exactly right. Amen. The legal interest. So he had to make it legal. That's right. So now what we got in here? Everything that was born after at after Eve and Adam in other word took and brought life bought new life a life upon the earth. Excuse me. What did they do? Everything come through a desire a shire really which is sensation. But if God use that plan then God can't be a perfect lamb. Hallelujah. Couldn't be a perfect lamb. All right. Because why Job disqualify him being a burn lamb because Job said a man that's born of a woman is a few days and a lot of trouble. He's a liar from the beginning. It's nothing in him that's right. But God had to be born without lies. Eve brought life through dies. Adam brought life through a lie. We born in the world shaped in iniquity. Right. You say, "Well, I ain't never told a lie." You need to repent right now. Amen. So God, what did he made a legal interest? So what he says, the woman's seed shall bruise the head of the serpent. Right? It won't happen cuz a woman ain't got a seed. Right? So if he prophesy a woman's seed, he was speaking him a body that would come through the spoken word that would take on the seed of the woman and would bruise the head of the servant. He was speaking his body into existence. God was expressing his thought. How the woman's seed had stood that day on Calvary. Take this day to finish. It is finished. Her seed bruise the head of the servant. How they show you here that what God is show. So now the prophets catches the inspiration. Do you realize every prophet in the Old Testament was only prophesying? Yep. God with skin on it. Right. Hallelujah. That's all he missed. That was the whole message. God was going to take on skin through the prophets speaking the word or they reaction to the word. It was expressing the seed of God, the woman's seed. I begin to look at these things here. I thought about Abraham. When he chose Abraham, it ain't because Abraham was a good person, right? It ain't because Abraham was such a lived in a good morally home, right? He lived down there with a bunch of elders. He lived down there with a bunch of worship all kind of gods. But God called him and chose him. That why Satan couldn't separate Abraham. And even though Abraham made many mistakes, Abraham made all kind of mistakes. He lied it up. But when Paul saw his commentary, Paul said he staggering not. What was God looking at the seed with the word that was in Abraham? Amen. Exactly. That's right. All right. That's right. See, God called Abraham out. Here go Abraham coming out. Here he coming out in his old age. Well, you know, he was up in guess 65 or whatever he was at that time. God called him out. Told him, "Go to the land. I'm going to show you and I'm going to give you a son. I'm going to give you a seed." Abraham, God waited till his body died. God waited till his body died. Cuz you know, God didn't want no human. If we could reason it out, it wouldn't be supernatural. But if your body dead Yeah. Come on now. You have a baby. Yeah. We know that's supernatural. Hallelujah. That's right. I'm preaching a while back and I was preaching on you know some people that was getting pregnant. I preached just a little girl the other day met them a while back in a church and brother come said will you preach for me brother? I said I don't mind preaching for his he was standing. I said you married he said I've been married for 15 years. I said, "Got any children?" And his wife dropped her head. I said, "Oh my God." I said, "The woman is ain't got no children, right?" And I said, "Brother," I said, "You like to have a baby?" He said, "Well, brother," he said, "We done tried that." He said, "Brother," he said, "We accepting that this, you know, that's the way it got to be." And I said, "Brother," I said, "I don't accept that to tell her to stand beside you." Right? I said, "You believe God?" He said, I said, "Don't accept that. Let her believe that God going to get a prayer." I said, "God, release her wound so she can receive a seed, straighten his seed so he can head over prayer for them. That way, soon as she go home, she get pregnant." Amen. He said, "Brother Joe, what happened?" She had the baby just two days ago. I just God is still the same God yesterday, the day of man. I was telling that testimony a 75 year old woman and a man get up. I didn't My wife said, "Bro, you d you hear what she said?" I said, "No, I thought you didn't. I thought I didn't know what to say. She said, "I want a baby, too." I didn't know what to think. I thought maybe she was I just I gladly didn't know that. I said, "Lord, get this woman a body change." Cuz I feel like if she going to have a baby in her head, she going to need a body change. My wife say, "Why you pray for a body change?" I said, "But for her to have a baby, everybody been even older than that. to have a baby at the head. They were going to need a body change. The body change. So it didn't work. So it went but here it was. Here go Abraham. Abraham body died. Sarah body dried up. So why was he doing this? Because he wanted to show you that the sea was going to come through the smoke of words. The sea was going to come when everything is dead. When they say the bride can't make it in his head. They say there's too many a demon in his head. Honey, in the periest times you'll come, the bride will have the body of Christ. You ain't overcoming by yourself. You overcome by the blood of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. In this wicked age. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Amen. So he go here says here, so now Abraham and Sarah, so now it was time for the promise to come. So God had to come down to confirm the covenant. To confirm that covenant he made with Abraham. That's right. Hallelujah. He want to confirm that covenant. And to confirm that covenant, God had to have skin on him, right? Amen. God had to be behind a veil, right? He could have done it, but he wanted the last day promise be of God standing on earth, right? With skin on him. So God himself, he said, "It's time for me to make this come to pass." So God went down in his earth. You remember he say in the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. So God said I need to use my earth so I can make me a body to come down. So God took 16 elements out of his earth and he blowed himself and when Abraham looked up three men was coming. Hallelujah. And three men were coming to Abraham and Abraham recognized God. He recognized his Lord. He bowed himself say my Lord. He had one revelation. It don't take much to be changed. One faith, one baptism, and one love. Hold on to that. That same revelation that healed you, that same revelation that saved you when you were there, that same revelation, it'll change your body if you hold on to it. So, Abraham, come down there. He said, "My Lord." Lot saw him. He said, "My Lord." He didn't even understand the Godhead at all. Hallelujah. For even the rapture to take place, you got to have a revelation of Godhead. That's right. How you going to know what you're worshiping? Yeah. You see a God with two heads, you got a freak. Amen. Right. But he he's recognized the one God. And what did he tell Abraham? Standing with skin on it. I come to visit you. Yeah. To the time according to life. You and Sarah going to have a baby. It was too supernatural for Sarah. Come on, man. The woman was old. What you think she was going to do? This is not happening. Yeah, this is not happening. Hallelujah. Why? Because she was looking at her purpose. But God ain't looking at our purpose. He looking at what he said about us. I God said we shall overcome. We shall overcome. I don't care how we feel about it. You will overcome this age. So, so he says to Sarah, you going to have a baby. In other words, Abraham Sarah, Sarah laugh. God said, why is your she now? She's up. She's don't realize this was not a laugh. It was just in her heart. That's right. You know, sometime we got to watch what we do. Cuz it's a word in you reflects right how the attribute in you, you know, we got to be subject to the the mind of God. Cuz every time you say something, you writing part of the Bible, right? Every time ever thought that we have his writing part of the Bible. So she here go here go she laugh in her heart. Hallelujah. She lied to Holy. Why didn't Sarah lie? Said, "I didn't lie, but you did." Why God didn't kill her? Because she's part of the covenant. Abraham already was under the circumcision and she was circumcised with Abraham under the covenant through Sarah womb. Through Sarah womb, that where the baby going to go, not tell what Abraham already had a son. And he he produced a son. So Abraham didn't have a problem. Right. You know, we ought to preach in this message. I ain't going to call the country he's from. He married three wives cuz none of them couldn't get pregnant. Come to find out, he's the problem. He putting them away. You can't have my baby get. She didn't get him. I ain't got nothing. He still ain't got n. He ain't Come on, damn ain't the problem. But you know that's it. We can see that Abraham was not the problem. Sarah couldn't produce. She had a dead wound and it had dried up. But the woman seed was going to come through prophecy, not by sensation. Right. Right. And you know what I'm saying to make that promise cut back when after she was dead, God had to bring her back to life so she could receive the seed. He going to have so here Abraham was here. He was Abraham had Ishmael. God never recognized Ishmael. Right. God. Okay. You say, "Well, I was born in the me." Hallelujah. Hey, brother Brandon was my first cousin. So what? Hallelujah. My daddy was a mess preacher for yours. So what? Hallelujah. God is not doing it. God ain't got grand churches. All right. Hallelujah. You know why God would have grandchildren? Because God has grandchildren. We'll be a bunch of small brats. [Applause] Hallelujah. Yeah. Me and my daughter having a little fuss right now over this grandchild stuff. Daddy, why do the grandkids get to clam on the couch? Why do the grandkids get to go in the refrigerator? There's nothing said about it. You don't do nothing no more. You do you need a ch You need to warp them. Daddy ain't my job. I don't raise you. You got to do that now. Hey man mean you know they them grand boy. A mean my when they tell my grandson said grandpa going to get you. They said we want grandpa to whoop us. You wouldn't say that if you had a daddy. You oh mama get me. But now the ego got so relaxed they said we want dad we want grandpa. Yeah. I guess the lion doesn't roared out. Yep. And why God ain't got grand cuz God don't want to depend on him handinessing this and hand that. He want us to walk by faith. Hallelujah. God say hallelujah. You might not get it when you want it but you can hold on to the promise of God until it come to pass. You want God perfect will not permiss it. Right. Right. So you go to here, he had Ishmael. Ishmael was not Abraham's son. Right. Ishmael was Abram's son. But God had to have a only begotten son. How did the promise going to come through only begotten son? How? So he said, "Here you go. Abraham has has produced the child when they was in there all day like hund." Y. So here they was come up with a child. Y and then God let Abraham fall. He loved it as so much. He said, "Why he loved him so much?" You had a child. You was 100 years old. You gonna love him, too. So, you going to say, "Lord, I know this was a miracle." He let brother Sam and his wife, they get a baby right now, it going to be one of these other boys sat down to way going to be daddy. That's all he do. Baby that boy. Mama, every time we go down there, she got him sitting on the L. We didn't do that. And boy, if you going to do I can see right now. Way, we ain't going to get nothing. [Applause] You think that? You think they going to get something in the W? They might get a little something, but everything be that boy sitting there you way. Look at him think, boy, if I could just beat you one time. Oh yes. Abraham loved that son with that kind of love. That's right. Hallelujah. Bible. The Bible say Abraham loved him. Hallelujah. So he says here Abraham had gave 12 years of love. God had to test him and give him a Gethsemane test. Something that was real hard. Had sometimes God had to give you a Gethsemane test. Something you thought you couldn't overcome. But God want to see do you love him more than you love everything else. So after Abraham got better. He said,"Abraham, I want you to offer your only begotten right son." Right? We know that Abraham had another son. No, Abraham didn't. Right? That was under the old nature. That was under his first union. But when he got born again, his old man was done away with. God only saw one son. Hallelujah. You said, "Brother, but I done this." God don't see that. God sees you after you come to your new birth and recognize the word inside of you have been quickened to this love to a new experience till he goes he says here he says so Abraham God says now I'm going to test him I'm going to give him a Gethsemane experience Jesus the hardest battle was in Gethsemane Abraham had the battle God said offer your only begotten son Amen. You think what this was like for Abraham to say, "Lord, whatever your will is, I'll be willing to do." That would have been a hard channel. That been hard for me. Any man would have a hard battle offering his son. Amen. Especially you had this child at 100 years old. Come on. You can see now Brother Sam get up there to have this baby and he's waking up in the morning and his wife standing at the door. What you going to doing, Sam? Well, God told me, "No, no, no. God ain't told you to kill my son." I know. But you better find another way out this door cuz it going to be a devil. It going to be one of the biggest fight he ever had in his house. Abraham got up early for Sarah got out of bed cuz Sarah wouldn't have been going along. If a represent a girl, right, walked in front of a 30 on six rifle to show mother love for a child, right? Everything you do like this, man. We just now come out of pig hunt and they told me to say when them pigs got babies that they they'll charge you. We went out of pig hunt and all of a sudden my buddy was standing there and this pig this little pigs all around and all of a sudden this wild boy were running straight to it and he had a spur and he said he let him get right there and he just said I said man and they said brother Joe why you didn't do it? I said Tin was a white man. No, I'm not going to do that. That what they made 306 for. I'm going to shoot that joker man standing there with a spirit man. He run at me. No sir. I'm not ready for that yet. I'm not mentally prepared. But here we are. Here we are. Here. Abraham had offered his son to God. And God said, "Abraham, I want you to do it." Abraham went with faith. So with God under him, he was expressing, right? The word that was inside of him, not the word. What word was it? It was God writing his own Bible. So Abraham got up early in the morning. They go up there to worship on this mountain here. Here they I think it was mountain uh Mariah if I'm correct which mean God provided place. Hallelujah. He was going to God provided place of worship. Here go by three days off he goes through the desert. Yeah to fight demons to fight spirits that's trying to say you can turn around. Abraham had to keep walking against human. He had to keep walking against what? Human uh his own human reason. He said I'm going with God. God said how did the offer as I'm not gonna let nothing turn me around. Ah, God tell me I'm going to make it and I'm not going to let nobody stop me. I'm going to keep walking. I'm going to keep fighting. If I fall down, I'm going to get back up and I'm going to keep pressing on because God said at the end of the day, I will make it. Hallelujah. So, you got to be He gets there to the mountain. Watch Abraham faith. He tells him, "You deacons just stay right here." Mean the lad going to go in and worship and we will return. What was he looking at? He was looking at resurrection because he knew if he killed Liza that God had to raise him up to fulfill a promise that he made and God cannot lie. Abraham was standing on faith. Amen. That's right. And the lad get he says to his father been he' been raised in the message. He went to church all his life. He says to his father, "I see the wood. Yep. I see the knife. I see the fire. Yeah. But where is the lamb? What is the sacrifice? Abraham said something. It seemed like it was just, you know, inspiration. Come on, Abraham. And he just say these simple words. God will provide for himself. A sacrifice. What was he doing? He was picking up Genesis 1. The woman's seed was prophecy. It was a supernatural act. God will create a ram for this offering right here. Hallelujah. He was speaking the word the woman's seed and he goes up there and he know the story. He goes to kill the son and the and the thunders broke. The thunders he heard the voice of God. Abraham, Abraham, don't hurt your son. I know that you love me now. You are blessed. And he found out that Abraham will obey every word of God. He was blessed. Right. Right. You don't need nobody send you a handkerchief. Right. Send me a handkerchief and you're going to get $15,000 tomorrow. Lord have mercy. People's dumb enough to believe that. Hallelujah. I got $15,000. Oh, wait till my wait till my boat come in. Hope it come in before tribulation. You pay your tithe and offer God to bless you. We don't need no quack preachers to tell God going to bless us. and we in another way. But here Abraham was, I looked at the scripture. What if Abraham would have decided when he got to the mountain, I can't do this, Lord, this is too much. And I believe all the years, God, but I'm telling right here at the end of this mountain, I refuse to kill my son. What would happen? Right? I'm going to tell you what would happen if Abraham would not have offered as it. There would not been a scripture read that people preach on every day or everywhere you go. St. John 3:16. God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son. Abraham was expressing that scripture. God was writing his own Bible. Amen. He had to go. He could not back out because God was writing his Bible. In other words, that's all these prophet was doing. They was writing the word. Hallelujah. Give me a few more minutes. Hallelujah. It goes it says here then we find Deuteronomy how Moses raised up Moses your Lord thy God shall raise up a prophet like unto me. Amen. Moses was not a was a not an angel. He was a man. Right. Right. Right. And if we going to be like Moses got to be a man. Hallelujah. That word show you. We realize here. But the woman's seed. Let do this. Look at him real quick. The seed is what God concerned about. Right. Right. You said, "Brother Joel, see because every seed that God put in the earth, he knew which one." He knew what was in the seed so he could make a law in the word. Every seed will bring forth after his kind. So God planted a seed in your heart and clothed it around the earth. When the earth is quickened, God sees going to come up. Because God know his own attributes of the seeds. Amen. Hallelujah. So it doesn't worry you say well brother Jewel it don't worry if God what if I ain't got a seed then you'll be just like Solomon Gamar right he said if he would not have left us a seed we all would have been in the same shape the world in today the reason you not in that shape is by a seed right hallelujah God left your seed the word hal we going to look here now let us take this so he go here you remember he had to have these things that take place because now he's prophesy if you notice Do you realize here when he made the tabernacle in the wilderness? You remember he built the tabernacle, he put all these these symbols and everything here. These things were put in a divine order, right? After the they saw it in heaven, right? It had to be everything had to be laid out, right? And that priest, he went in that he put them bells and he put his robe on. He washed whatever he had to do. And when he got ready to go behind the veil, those bells was ringing. Holy, holy, holy unto the Lord. Holy, holy. What if them bells quit ringing? They drugg him out. Something was hid that he didn't make right. In other words, if one of those vessels, if those preachers did not put one of those vessel, maybe that vessel would have been right here for been in a certain way and that priest set it over here. If he put it out of order soon as he walked in, he would have dropped dead. Why? Because that temple or that veil, that tabernacle in the weather, it was a type of the body of Christ that could not be one bone broken. It had to be everything in order. Everything had to be in divine order. Glory. So here it is. So David sang David sang a song and he gets into inspiration cuz now he's sang with a song probably didn't even make sense at the time he sung it. Yeah. Probably people say, "What do you mean my bones stirred me?" Yeah. What was he doing? He was prophesying. That God had skin on it. My bones stirred me. Hallelujah. Oh, God. He was singing the song and what was he doing? He was singing that God was in a motor. God had skin on it. When Thomas saw him, they presumed it was a spirit. Right. They thought it was a spirit. Thomas, put your hand in my side. Right. Does a spirit have flesh and bone? He was testifying that song that David had sung. I am standing here with skin on me. Hallelujah. So God put skin on himself. Hallelujah. That was then we find here. Then we find here now all these types were bringing God to the earth. Yep. But we had to have anywhere he could have when he come to the earth when we saw him in the mind of God. He our lamb was slain. Yeah. When God used the word lamb that mean it got skin on it. That's right. That's right. And when you use the word lamb, it's got skin on it. Cuz when he used the word for the Holy Ghost, it's a dull. It types the spirit. But when he used lamb, it speaks of incarnated God. So here he was. He's standing here. He needed a type because now he needed to be kin folks of the human race. He needed to he need to be kinful. He need to have he need to be he had to have flesh and blood like me and you. Hallelujah. He had to be able to feel what sin was. He had to be able to feel what evil thoughts were. He had to be able to feel the things. How could he feel it except God put skin on himself? So, but he had to have a type, right? So, you have a have a legal interest, right? So, it was number one man to bring a legal interest to God. It was one man in the Bible he used to fulfill a legal interest for God to come. And you say, "What that man?" Boaz. How you Boaz was a man that he come and he was just playing God and Boaz, you know the story how how Naomi and Ruth, they was up there, how the judgment hit him and it drove him back. But there was a new kinsman, right? That was just a powerful boys, right? Yeah. He had the law, right? He was a law man. But we need a man of grace. Hallelujah. Because he had some problems there. We need the grace. We didn't need the law. But he had the power. Yes. That he could have redeemed Nomi and Ruth. Right. But what it did is because Ruth was a moronite. He refused to redeem her. Exactly. Right. But boy, I do it. I redeem her. The type of Boaz. I don't care what kindred, tongue, and nation. I will redeem them. Just like that. What would he do when he went down to the woman at the well? It was Boaz. Right. This woman right here was not going to be accepted under the Jewish religion. She was a she was a half Jew and a half Samaritan for they understand she was just a dog. That's right. They was not going to redeem her. N but Boaz came. Woman go get you. Hallelujah. I have no other. Hallelujah. You have five you got. When I perceive that the Messiah come he's on him. What? He redeemed her. Hallelujah. We need other boys. Amen. So he had to be he had to be that type. Why? You know, because there had to be a kingdom redeemer. That why John was preaching Revelation five. He saw a lamb. Amen. A lamb. Boy, was bringing that type to pass. He saw a lamb stepped out of eternity. Took the book. The prophet say he was bleeding. A spirit don't bleed. A spirit don't bleed. But when he come out eternity, he was already bleeding. The word was already bleeding for you. Hallelujah. Every time you accept the word, you are covered by the blood. G. I'm getting ready to parachute now. Hallelujah. In Revelation 5, weep not John. John was weeping. Yes, sir. Because the law required a kinsman, right? And he recognized, amen, there got to be a boy after the order of that. Amen. So the angel in said, "John, look in heaven. Look in heaven. Find me a man that's worthy to take the book, right? And to claim the bride." Where did they take the book and claim you and I? Hallelujah. John say he looked in the heavens, right? Some good men went up there. But they was not good enough. John looked underneath the earth. Uh-huh. Good men was in the earth, but they couldn't do it. Exactly. Because they all was born like me and you. Hallelu. They was all born like I was. Hallelujah. John was weeping because he realized this is it. Hallelujah. Ain't no man good enough to do it. You said what? What you trying to say? What that leave brother Brandon? He was there too. But he was not worthy to take the book. Exactly. But he said we've not done John. Hallelujah. This is not a man. But the line of the tribe of Judah has prevailed. He said when he turned the Lord, God was stepping out eternity. He had skin on it. The word became flesh. Fulfilling St. John 1:14. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. And you know why we needed this kinsman? We needed this redeemer. Because without him, there were some promises that was made that the Levitical priesthood could not accept. And I'm going to deal with that for a few minutes. There was some things that were promised was made that the Levitical priesthood could not redeem. Amen. And one of them was when Gentile wanted this war. Gentile had made a covenant with Israel. If I fight, I can have an inheritance. Yeah. Yeah. You said what the problem was? Gentile were born by a prostitute. He was an illegitimate basket son. You think Israel, the law, we're going to let Gentile come in and be saved. That's out of it. But the the covenant was made. I gentlemen, right? That what they told me when I first come to the message. I don't even think you going to be saved. Well, I didn't tell me that. But when I got in that old minister meeting, they got through whooping me up. I was about ready to quit. Wy wy w. I mean, I went in like this and come out like this. Cuz I was way put this thing. I don't even see how gentleman child could even be saved. I didn't want to tell them I was in that shape. I didn't want to tell him I didn't know this. My mama did me the same way the gentile did. I I didn't want to get up and say I'm that man. I just stayed quiet and I took a beating too. But Hallelujah. I thank God for grace. Hallelujah. [Applause] So you know what he needed? We needed a boy. We I needed somebody. Hallelujah. I needed somebody that would not use the Levitical order. That why the book of Hebrews, he raised up on a candidate order. He raised up a new order. All right. So you can save Jeff. In the heroes of faith, you find Jeff in the book of Hebrews 11. He made it. He didn't make it under Levitical law. He made it under the priesthood of the masses priesthood. Hallelujah. God raising up a massel priesthood because we all desire to go to hell. We all was in this way. We all come to the world. We was all messed up. But God raised up a meadel priesthood. Hallelujah. We can come in not by works but by the blood of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord. Bye, buddy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Y my helicopter running out of gas. Amen. One more hour. Oh no. Praise God. But here we are. Everything that God knew was putting God in skin. That's right. Yeah. The virgin birth put him in skin. Right. Amen. Hallelu. That's all it was. God was coming in his skin. Now he was taken from Genesis 1. That prophecy of the woman seed now became the virgin birth. Hallelujah. It was what was he doing? He It here go that prophecy way back in Genesis. The woman seed became the virgin birth. Right. It produced the woman seed. Right. Amen. Exactly. Right. It had to be a lamb. Amen. See, you know, sometime we think God was Mary was done wrong and it looked like she was done wrong. But how could we quote the scripture everything work together for the good to them that love God, right? are called according to his purpose and we don't see his purpose. It looked like Mary was done wrong. It looked like God didn't watch over Mary. It didn't like God didn't watch over Joseph because by the time she got ready to have this baby Yeah. All these hard necked stiff people probably they heard that Mary was pregnant anyway. For some reason they didn't let him have no room. That's right. You know how people feel today, especially in this legalist around the message. She ain't coming to my house. Yeah. But you know a man, a real gentleman. All right. And even tonight, if you somewhere a pregnant lady come to your house, she knock on your door. She says, "Sir, I need help. I'm about ready to have going to I might deliver a baby, but I'm calling somebody." I'm going to say, "You come on here and sit down and make yourself at home until I get in here and find use some help." I mean, that's just the way a man that's way a good gentleman would think. But the Bible said there was no room for them. That's right. In the end, Paul, Mary, and Joseph walking away rejected. Hallelujah. Rejected. Curing a child of God in her womb. Here she's rejected by these hard stiff neck people. Probably heard all kind of heresies against her and everything. I don't want that illegitimate child born in my house. Hallelu. You know, cuz they were saying that Mary got pregnant by Roman soldier that history says. So here they were. They probably had and they rejected Mary. But I want to let you know they was not rejecting Mary. God was fulfilling the scripture. Mary had to go to a stable in order for Christ to be a lamb. He had to be born there. Hallelujah. Lamb ain't born in a motel. A born in a house. He's born in a stable in a manual. Hallelujah. It was him. God was fulfilling. He was he was leading her all the time. Even though our human life could not cover her in, but it was his purpose. Exactly. Right. Right. Yes, sir. Like I said, John the Baptist had to be a He could not have been a priest. John the Baptist should have been a priest. He should have went down the same lineage that his father went down. His father Zachariah was a priest. He should have been able to look back to his great-grandfather and his great-grandfather all the way back to Abraham. They said, "Abraham, our father, you know, they knew who it was. They knew that lineage right there. They knew my grandfather, this grandfather, and this grandfather and this grandfather was I probably can't make it to past my first one. But the preacher could prove by the genealogy who they are, right? The Bible say except the righteous exceed the righteous of a Pharisee, it's impossible, right? Cuz everything is laid out in the natural is in order, right? But God ain't looking at the the the the seed of the flesh, Abraham. He was looking at the prophecy of Abraham. Yes sir. If you go find read the book of Galia Galatians he was not talking about the seed and the seed singularly. Hallelujah. In other words, so here so here here it was. Here go the prophecy was about the seed it going to come in the flesh. It was made in flesh. So now John the Baptist being a he should have been a priest. But when God purposes working something out God ain't looking at well what happened. God looking at a purpose. And John the Baptist cannot be a priest. So order for John the Baptist not be a priest, let me be mean, they had to raise up and kill Zachariah. And when they killed Zachariah, John run to the wilderness so he could be trained to be a prophet, not a priest. So when he come out of the wilderness, he had thus said the Lord. I am the one cried in the wilderness. It would prophecy. He made clear by your hands. So he goes in here, right? I'm getting ready to use this last few comment about clothes now cuz I'm in overdrive. I don't want to crash my plane, my helicopter. But anybody got you ain't landing a helicopter like you can a plane. When it run out of fuel, you might as well say to the L. But here we are. So here he was. It was time for all the proposition to make everything was fulfilled. Christ was the very fulfillment of all the prophecies of the Old Testament. He was the very So now he had to go you why I say we forget about what the cross did. Right. All right. Not that we preach the message but we forget about the cross. Right. The message is the cross. Right. Right. Paul said, "I claim to know nothing among you but Jesus Christ and him crucified." Because outside of him going to the cross and dying, it would be impossible for us to become sons of God. But once he died, he sent back the anointing to quicken that word that was in you. It took the sunlight, the rising of the sun to make it come out. Let me say this here. But God had some He had a had a guy on the cross. You know the story said, "Remember me when you come into your kingdom." Hallel to say that I fit that part, too. But here we are. Right. We're no good for nothing. And you said, "Well, brother, I went that way." Hey, I'm going to tell you what. I don't We looking at natural genealogy. I'm talking about the spiritual genealogy now. The natural I was going Tell you what, it was not it was not nothing in the natural I done. Hallelujah. But it's by his grace. It's by the blood of Jesus Christ. He looked through the here go this old here go this thief that was recognized Jesus was still in the Old Testament. Amen. Y'all ever thought about that? This thief on the cross was still in the Old Testament. Hallelujah. He where the Holy Ghost wasn't even given yet. So here he was still trapped in the Old Testament. But he bleed a lamb. Look on that lamb on the cross. Hallelujah. He took the brazen serpent and he looked cuz he was bit by death and he was getting ready to die and he says to him that's good remember me he recognized glory him on the cross and look on that remember in the wilderness they looked at that servant they live how he looked to Christ all the sins of the world was on him that brass servant was taken to judgment and he looks to him and he says to him when you come into your kingdom. Remember me. Amen. Jesus turns around and says, "This day this day you will be with me in paradise." He did not redeem him because of good works. He redeemed him because he had faith in atonement. Hallelujah. That was shed for him. He didn't redeem him because he went to church and was a good boy. He redeemed him because he recognized the blood. And the prophet said when Christ looked through his own blood, right? Red through red. And the blood run across his eyes, he saw it white as snow. He said, "This day you'll be with me." Cuz he had to be perfect to get there. And only thing that can make it perfect is God looked through his own blood. Amen. Now then he This is it. My last brief comments. This ain't normal. Hallelujah. But here we are. Last few comments. He went down. He conquered everything he said he going to do. He come up with the keys of death and hell. Keys. Everything that you got in your life. He said, "I got the power to unlock it." Hallelujah. If you fighting depression, he said, "I can lock und everything, every power you got, I got the key. I can unlock it." Hallelujah. God got the keys to do it. Amen. So what did he come up? He unlocked every day. Now he steps out on the road demos. Now something take place. Yeah. Right. Soon as he come out of the grave, Rose, he goes down to the he goes down to Emmas. And when he get down to Emmas, if you know the story here, here go two men. Couple of his disciples walking down the road trapped in the Old Testament. Wowy wy woo. That's right, man. They did Jesus so wrong. Oh, boy. I tell you what, you see that, man? Did you see that look on his face? Oh, God. Man, they done my Jesus so wrong. Oh, God. Look at But all they could remember is the Old Testament. That's right. The Old Testament is all they had in their mind is the Old Testament. Hallelujah. Now, you know what I'm saying? The Old Testament. Come here, man. With the blue shirt on. Yeah. You come and stand up at the front. I don't know how old you How old are you? Oh, you getting up there, but I should guess about a little younger. 40 years old. I don't know if I can use that. You come here. How old are you? Yeah. Oh, yeah. I can use you. I didn't want no senior citizen. I'm good Lord of mercy. 31. You come here. Good Lord. I know he ain't no 31. Okay. Maybe I Okay. Okay. Okay. Let look at here now. Look. Okay. Let pray. Step beside this young man. All right. I want you to notice what they were looking at. Here they was going from the road to Emmas. Yes, sir. They were still in the Old Testament. That's what they remember this old Jesus. Oh, how he looks so tied and he was so wore out. This old Jesus. And you know they just hold it. If you had a body to come back to earth in God gave you the choice to come back to an earth. Which one of them bodies you think you I had to come back to the earth. I'm going after this one cuz I already seen how that one got up. Oh no. That's right. This is what the New Testament Jesus, they never saw him in the New Testament. They could only go back to the Old Testament. He was this way. But in the New Testament, they cannot recognize the new body. God bless you. Hallelujah. God bless you. That when they did not recognize, they had not recognized the opening of the word. The New Testament brought new bodies. Hallelujah. That's right. Musicians come back. Yes, Lord. Come on now, musician. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Man, Praise God. And that was that your wife is sitting beside you. Yes, sir. Well, you still look good to her cuz her eyes getting dim. Yes. Praise God. Amen. She probably say, "Oh, he's so happy." I can't say too much, but I'm going to tell you what people, we don't want to live under this Old Testament of death, right? I'm looking under the New Testament. I'm looking for the resurrection and life, a kind of death. And the Old Testament may die as a death boy and ghost out. But the New Testament brought a resurrection of the body acquainting power. He's in the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead. In the New Testament, oh boy, we going to come back young again. I tell you what, that little spot right there going to have an afro. Y'all see, I've been trying to hide that spot for years. It getting harder and harder to hide it. That's right. I mean, it ain't nothing funny about, you know, hallelujah. But one thing about you, I wish I could have a young body with the wisdom I got now. I would have a lot of money. I wouldn't been buying stereo systems and all the stupid stuff that young guys go through. Hello. But by God grace, I thank God that he brought us to the New Testament. That's right. Thank you, Lord. I thank him that he brought us to the New Testament. Amen. I'd like to sing that song we open up with. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Amen. Just sing that one more time. Y'all know that song real good. Who was the song? I ain't know. Well, he'll sing it for me. Sra, open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. Oh, I want I want to see you right now. Oh yes. I want to see. Oh, hallelujah. Do it now, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. Oh, open, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. Oh, I want to see you right now, Lord. Oh, hallelujah. I want to see you, Lord. I want to see you. I want to see in the New Testament. Lord, [Music] come on. I'm going to see in the New Testament. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] We say holy, holy, glory. And we say what? I live. Oh yes Lord. Shining in the light of your glory. Oh hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Oh, your power we sing. Holy, holy, holy. Oh yes, Jesus. Holy, holy, holy. Hallelujah. All I have [Music] I want to see. Let me say this. If somebody hadn't really eyes been open to see Jesus, if you're still looking for something physical to take place, the reason the people is looking for brother Brandon to come back and open the seven seals in a corporal body and he going to come back and he going to do this, they hadn't even seen the waiting of the word. That's right. Because when Christ is not coming back that way to the bride, he's coming back in a revelation form as he reveals himself and as you receive the word, how do you become the word? Hallelujah. The word be preach but the vessel. Everybody got their mind trapped on the vessel. If I can find the vessel, if I can find the vessel, it ain't the vessel. Cuz when the seals were broke, it was seven thunders that uttered. And when the seven thunders uttered, he said, "Write them not because he did not want to point us to the vessel." It was not the vessel we've been looking for. That's right. He said, "But in the day of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin the sound, the mysteries of God shall be finished." Why? He didn't want us to see the vessel because the last move of God was going to be in the five ministry. Hallelujah. Where the last the final voice the voice of many waters God through the seven churches standing now that in the midst of the seven churches it going to be God speaking through his body now. Glory. Hallelujah. You are the voice of God. The final voice will be in his bride body. That why he not point us to a vessel. Jesus didn't want us to have competence in a vessel. When the woman saw him at the well, I mean the woman went to the grave to anoint him. Her eyes was looking into the Old Testament. She want to go to that grave. See that Old Testament body and pour oil all over it and anoint him. But God said, "Nah, that Old Testament done been anointed." Hallelujah. It's fulfilled in me now. Hallelujah. Show me what here. She was looking for that body and all of a sudden she began to walk away. Hallelujah. But he didn't make himself known by the body. He said, "My she would hear my voice." He s the word and called her by name, Mary. And the seals broke. And she knew the vessel. But the voice is what brings us back to the word. In the day of the voice of the seven angels, when it shall begin the sound, all the mysteries of God shall be fitted. And how you going to visit up? Mrs. Muhammad Ali did not fight for the title. No, she didn't. She didn't really fight for the title. She didn't do nothing. All she did when he come in, hand me that check, buddy. H We didn't fight for this title. That's right. But when God conquered death, grave in hell, he gave us the check. Right. All you got to do is cash your bribe. The check it in your hand. The devil brought ripped them and I spoil all principality is in your head. But what looking at a check don't get you in no money in the bank. I got a big check. I'm going to put this on the wall. If I get a big check, I ain't putting it on the wall. Wall ain't where you go in the bank. If you want something God, you got to cash it in. If you need healing, you need to cash it in. If you ain't got enough faith, you need to cash it in. If you need something from God, open your eyes as brother Sam come back. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. May God bless you tonight. How long I've been a long time. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Oh yes. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. Listen to me. I have a name coming. I have a name coming. Let's see if God still lives. I believe him. [Applause] I believe he still lives. So what you need brother saying walk out of the old testimony your thoughts and mind and walk into the new testament prophet I see that all things are possible to them that believe shining in the light you believe in power and love we sing holy Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. Anybody have a name? Holy, holy, holy. I want to see. Amen. Amen. Just open my eyes, Lord, to the truth. Amen. that I can see. You enjoy the message. Amen. I believe it. Don't you? I believe it. Amen. It's time to get away from our old thoughts and ideas and walking in it and walk in Christ. Amen. And see him live. Amen. And let him be the one that would lead us on. Amen. You love him? Amen. You can be seated. We'll go on into the rest of the service and things and get it ready. We have a kind of a little order going now. So the young or the youth, the young people and all of them have some songs. So we'll get that out of the way and then the next we'll go next to the next and next and we still got a couple hours. So make sure you tell brother Forny how much you appreciate the message cuz I believe it. You know what? I believe he believes it you cuz that was it was wonderful. Now we've had a great time. We go down, we spend a lot of time talking instead of hunting when we're together. So, we just sit around, count, and have a good time and and just fellowship and just love the Lord and do that way. Amen. All right. So, come on, uh the girls, get them all ready and come on and all of the youth come and let's get everything up here together and you know, come on. That's something right there. I don't know. No one knew how alone I was feeling and the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. Though I laughed and said my life was fine without you. I was covering up the secret tears I cried. Then one day someone told me of your mercy and the love you showed on a hill called Calvary. There you died and purchased my redemption. When you broke since far and set my spirit free, I love me. I you through your preious blood I found and my sins are washed where all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Yes, it's true. There have been days when I have failed you, Lord. You know the many times I've gone astray. But I've learned your love is stronger than my weakness. And your ear is open every time I pray. No one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. Other friends can never be as close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. Knowing you are everything I'll ever need. I'm a that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood I found pardon and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. and all my sins are washed away. [Music] I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood, I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are wash away. Amen. God. [Music] God is awome. He can move mountains. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. My God is awesome. Heals me when I'm broken. Strength and weak and forever he will raise. My God is awesome. He can move mountain. Keep me in the belly. Keep me in the valley. Guide me from the rain. From the rain. My God. My God is awesome. Heals me when I'm broken. When I'm broken, strength where I'm weak. Forever. He will reign. He will. My God. My God is awesome. Awesome. He is awesome. Awesome. My God is awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. My God, my God is awesome. Savior of the world. Giver of salvation. of salvation. By his stripes I heal. My God, my God is today. I am forgiven. I am for him. His grace is my living. I am. Praise his holy name. His holy name. My God. My God is awesome. He is awome. Yes. He is awome. Awesome. God is awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. Awesome. [Music] Awesome. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. Awesome. He's awesome. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. He's great. Awesome. Awesome. Deliver. [Music] Deliver. Awesome. Is he awesome? Provider. Provider. Provider. Provider. Provider. Awesome. Awesome. Protector. Protector. Protector. Protector. Protector. Awesome. [Music] Awesome. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. Awesome. Awesome. My God is awesome. My God is awome. He can do well. Keep me in the valley. Keep me in the valley. Find me. My God. My God is all heal me when I'm broken. When I'm growing, God forever. He will reign. [Music] [Applause] Thank you. You say amen. Amen. Wonderful, wouldn't it? All right. There's supposed to be some ladies come up for this group to sing it, right? Martinez. Martinez. Okay. We're going into that. All right. We got a little little this but not much. But the Martinez family, come on up. We get to all of that. They call them Martinez. We call them Martinez. Okay. It's what part of the country they're from. But we're glad to have all of them with us today. And for the holidays and things, we appreciate them coming and being with us. Does she need one sing? There's There's [Music] You didn't have to open my eyes. You could have he passed me by. For the age I was living in was poor and then I heard recognizing your day. serpent seed and perfect to the message of grace. And Lord, I thank you. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve such glory reveal to me? Thanks for that special with us all your glorious heart to face with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee [Music] even in my wildest dreams. Did I see such things as the coming of the Lord? The rapture is mystery. [Music] I have heard them. Now I see God is his spoken word is the original. Lord I [Music] just want to thank you Lord for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve the glory revealed to me [Music] for the special when I saw your glorious life with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee. And I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve the glory revealed to me? Thanks for that special. When I saw your glorious life to face with eternal life, the Lord I [Music] [Applause] [Music] I have made you too small in my eyes. Oh Lord, forgive me. And I have believed in a lie that you were unable to help me. But now, oh Lord, I see my wrong. Heal my heart and show yourself strong and in my eyes and with my song. Oh Lord be magnified. Oh, be magnified, oh Lord. You are highly exalted and there is nothing you can't do. Oh Lord, my eyes are on you. Be magnified. Oh Lord, be magnified. I have leaned on the wisdom of men. Oh Lord, forgive me. And I have responded to them instead of your life and mercy. But now, oh Lord, I see my wrong. Heal my heart and show yourself strong. And in my eyes and with my song, oh Lord, be magnified. Oh Lord, be magnified. Be magnified, oh Lord. [Applause] You are highly exalted and there is nothing you can do. Oh Lord, my eyes are on you. Be magnified, oh be magnified. Be magnified. Oh Lord, you are highly exalted and there is nothing you can do. Oh Lord, my eyes are on you. Be magnified, oh Lord. Be magnified. Be magnified, [Music] oh Lord. You are highly exalted and there is nothing you can't do. [Music] Oh Lord, my eyes are on you. Be magnified. Oh Lord, be magnified. [Music] [Applause] Are you okay? [Music] Are you [Music] serious? [Music] [Music] My hands to the great I am. To you I sing. You're the one who reigns within my heart. And I will serve no foreign god nor any other treasure. For you are my heart's desire and your spirit with a measure into your name. I will bring my sacriice into your name. I will raise my sacriice. I lift my hands to the coming king to the great I am. To you I sing. For you're the one who reigns within my heart. And I will serve no foreign god, nor of a treasure. For you are my heart's desire, your spirit without measure. to your name. Lord, I will bring my sacriice into your name. I will raise my sacriice and I will serve no foreign god no other treasure. For you are my heart stays out and your spirit without measure into your name. Lord, I will bring a sacriice into your name. How will we raise the sacrif? [Applause] Sister Genie, come on. Some of you get ready and we'll finish up. Um, Sister Luis, does your mother sing? She does. She does sing. Okay, get her ready. That's That's I said sister Louise. I ain't talking to him. He was standing in heaven with tears in his eyes saying, "Tell me this isn't so." There was no one in heaven and no one on earth worthy to open the scroll. But one of the elders said, "John, don't you cry. It's all a part of the plan." Then in the center of God's glorious throne. Hallelujah. There stood the lamb. [Music] And then we then they sang worthy, worthy of honor and praise. They were casting down their crowns. They were praising his name. And when he asked who is worthy, here Jesus saying I am. Praise God forever. There's stood the lamb. Now open your Bibles and open your hearts. It's so clear. We are in the last day. Jesus said, "I'll be with you." So don't be surprised when he comes back to take us away. But people excuses won't get very far if you find yourself there at his throne. But if you love Jesus and Jesus is your Lord. Hallelujah. You won't be alone. And then we'll sing worth. And then we'll sing worthy, worthy of honor and praise. We'll be casting down our crowns. We'll be praising his name. And when he act as asked, "Are you worthy?" Here Jesus say I am. Praise God forever. Oh, there stood the lamb. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. She's going to sing for us. Okay. Okay. Come on. Come on. Um, as many a lot of you know, my mother my mother-in-law, not my mother, my mother-in-law. Uh, I appreciate her very much. And, uh, she's uh, she's a good mother-in-law. She's she's been a good mother-in-law. But um as many of you know she she had uh she battled cancer last year and u it uh but I I'll read her testimony and then I'll I'll what she wrote um she wrote it in Tagalog which is the Filipino language and her oldest daughter she translated into English. So um here's the here's the testimony says this morning I would like to praise and thank our Lord Jesus. He is worthy to be praised and thanked for his greatness and faithfulness to his word. He's a God that never changes. He is Jesus Christ yesterday, today, and forever. How he healed Dan is still how he heals now. Praise his holy name. Amen. Amen. On December 5th, 2014, I was at the hospital to remove a tumor that was found in my bladder. The biopsy results showed that it was bladder cancer. When I found out about this, I wasn't worried because I know that I have the Lord who would heal me. I had faith in him and because he is the great physician, I left it all up to him. Let me say, let me say just add this in there. She throughout this whole time did not seem like she was having cancer. She didn't act like it. She would uh I tell you it's her she has a woman of great faith. Amen. She just didn't act like it. She didn't even act worried. She just put it all in God's hands. Amen. She continues here. I had to go for chemotherapy for over 4 months and I thank the Lord Jesus for giving me the strength to overcome this trial that came into my life. I know that he would not give me a trial that I cannot overcome. Because of the strong faith I have in him, I was able to bear the hardship during those chemotherapy treatments. The chemo did not affect me negatively and he has continued to give me strength. And if she lost any hair, it was very minimal. I mean, as you can see, she still has almost all her hair. God really kept her throughout the whole through all those treatments. Four months of chemotherapy. Amen. The cheers who performed the operation and it was successful. I praise him with all of my heart and soul. I know that he has already healed me at the cross of Calvary. He has already taken all my sickness and he has taken them for his own self. By his stripes and wounds, I am healed. Praise his holy name. I continue to hold on to his word which gives life to all that believe in him. I believe that whatsoever I ask to the father in the name of Jesus will be granted unto me. Amen. I have accepted my total healing from him. Praise him. Praise his holy name. And uh she continues saying again, all my praises and thanks are to our our all powerful Lord Jesus Christ. All the power, honor, and glory be to his wonderful and precious name. To God be the glory. And uh she also wants to appreciate and thank you all for for praying for her during that time as well. And uh we just she's here with us. Amen. Part of her Part of part of her may have been removed, but her soul her faith still there, still intact. Amen. So, she's going to sing a song. Amen. For the glory of God. Amen. God will make this trial a blessing. Though it send me to my knees. Though my tears flow like a river, yet in him there's a sweet release. There's no need to get this courage. There's no need to talk defeat. God will make this trial a blessing. And the whole wide world will see. I've just come into a valley. One like I've never been before. I keep searching for a way out. Seems like padlocks are on the door. Oh, there must be another sunrise, another sunset that I see. God will make this trial a blessing. That's the love he gives to me. God will make this trial blessing. Though it sends me to my knees, though my tears flow like a river, yet in him there's a sweet relief. There's no need to get discouraged. There's no need to talk defeat. God will make this trial a blessing. And the whole wide world will see. I was not the first one to come into this place to see every child of God. The test he must face and it's here. God will mold you and make you what you ought to be. God will make this trial a blessing. Just be patient. You will see. God will make this trial a blessing. And though it sends me to my knees, though my tears flow like a river, yet in him there's a sweet release. There's no need to get discouraged. There's no need to talk defeat. Yes, Lord. God will make this trial a blessing and the whole wide world will see. Now I'm standing on the mountain. Looking back, I can see when I was in that lowest valley. His strong arm is leading me. And it's good to see the sunshine and to taste sweet victory. God will make this trial a blessing. That's the grace he gives to me. God will make this trial a blessing. Though it sends me to my knees. Though my tears flow like a river, yet in him there's a sweet release. There's no need to get discouraged. There's no need to talk defeat. God will make this trial a blessing. And the whole wide world will see Glory. Let's see. A warrior of faith. Take God as his word. That's all he wants, isn't it? Somebody just take him at his word and believe it. Amen. How about it, Sister Regina? Just tell you, some of you get ready now. Still have a little time cuz if we get down to the bottom, we'll get Brother Collie to finish. That would be a good one. [Music] As we draw this year to a close, I just want to say a little something. If you haven't expressed your gratitude to brother and sister Dale for that awesomeness and you know what I'm talking about so we don't have to air our laundry on the internet. Um it's not too late. I know I was highly blessed. I'm just saying. Which leads us to this song. And brother Louise preached on it the other week here about not taking things for granted and living the life stature of a perfect man. [Music] [Applause] As the time is drawing near that our Lord will soon appear. May we check out our lives. Keep them pure and spotless white. Daily striving to be more and more just like they getting rid of the small things we find. It's those little foxes that's fall. Lord, we're asking, we're praying, help us become the stature of a perfect man. [Music] We need faith, dear Lord. It comes by hearing your word. Next is virtue, strength, and power to give to others in this evil hour. Knowledge to judge the right from wrong. Temperance to handle our temper and tongue. patience to wait till God's own time. Godliness like you, we want to be found. Brotherly kindness, Lord, help us. Apply it all that comes your perfect love. [Music] Love suffers long. Love protects when your brother is wrong. Love's not easily provoked. When evil about you is spoke. Love is patient and love is kind. Love reaches out when someone falls. Love covers a multitude of sin. And love will make us this battle win. Lord, we're asking, we're praying, help us become that stature of a perfect man. Lord, we're asking, we're praying, help us become that stature of a perfect man. Amen. [Applause] The stature of a perfect man. Amen. That's where we'll be next. Come on. Uh, Sister Anna, Maruka. Oh, we're going to get a duet. No. I thought we were going to get somebody to help you. I didn't plan to sing this one. This is at Esther's request. I was there when the spirit came. Felt his power and I praise his name. I was there when the spirit came. [Music] Felt the fire falling from above. Oh, the wondrous goodness of his love. I was there when the spirit came. [Music] Oh, holy father, just let thy goodness rain. Feed me Lord Jesus in the spirit once again. If you've never felt his purpose, then you had better go repent again. I was there when the spirit came. [Music] Like the day of Pentecost, the disciples in the spirit were lost. They were there when the spirit came. [Applause] Like a mighty rushing roll of wind, souls were saved in Christ the same as then. I was there when the spirit came. Oh holy father, just let thy goodness rain. Feed me, Lord Jesus, in the spirit once again. If you've never felt his cupers, then you had better go repent again. I was there when the spirit came. [Music] [Applause] We'll we'll sing this one in Swahili, but you do know it in English. How sweet the name of Jesus. [Music] Gina K. [Music] posity. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Ra to keep your car to join [Music] healing. name singer. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Honey [Music] [Music] for me for [Music] Quif. and easy [Music] one. [Music] Nazif. [Music] [Music] [Music] Sana go crucif [Music] [Applause] I'm always jealous of everybody that can talk other languages and I can't even speak good English. Sing in it especially. All right. Who'll be next? Come on, Sister Monica. Oh, we're going to get to family or just you. Okay. Hallelujah. [Music] Is there something in your heart between you and the Lord? Are you drifting apart? Not as close anymore. There's nothing you can do that he will not forgive. Bring it to the cross. Let it die so you can live it to the cross. Get it under the blood. Drown your pain in every stain of the mercy flow. Nail it to the cross. Find hope and forgiveness. Kneel at the tree and walk away free. Nail it to the cross. Is there a burden you bear that's got you battered and bound? Struggling for strength. Do you long to lay it down? Don't take another step. Just kneel where you stand. Lay it at the cross and take the hammer in your hand. Nail it to the cross. Get under the blood. Drown your pain in every stain of the mercy. Nail it to the cross. Find help and forgiveness. Kneel at the tree and walk away free. Nail it to the cross. Nail it to the cross. under the blood. Drown your pain in every state of the mercy. Nail it to the cross. Find hope and forgiveness. Nail at the tree and walk away free. Nail it to the cross. Nail it to the cross. hope and forgiveness. Kneel at the tree and walk away free. Nelly to the cross. [Music] [Applause] Who be next? Brother Dy had his hand up. Oh, come on, brother Dy. Don't sit around you like this. That means you want to sing. Come on up, Brother Dardy. He's getting it. May I give a little testimony for him while he's coming? He was out fishing one day and him and his brother and he had uh boots on and things, you know, like working concrete and stuff. He fell out of the boat and turned it over. That's right. Him and his brother. those boots and things pulled him down. And uh the boat was turned over. His brother went had to get the boat back up, turn it back over and do everything. And he'll tell you all he knew was just raise his hands and he had the rod and reel in his hand. He was that far underwater till it just stuck barely. The man had to hunt him in the water and got a hold of him and pulled him up. No telling how long. They don't know for sure because he had to get in the boat and get it back, ride it up, do everything. And him still underwater. But God was there. He's still God. Come on. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. M I don't want to miss opportunity to thank all of you for praying for us and for Mary and continue to pray for us. She's still having some struggles and uh but we're going to try to do this. [Music] This old house that I'm living in is in need of repair. The windows and the shadows are letting in the cold air. I say going to fix them when I get some time. But all I'm getting lately is leaving on my mind. Lately, all I got is a leaping on my mind. Seems it's what I think about most of the time soon and very soon I'll leave my troubles all behind. Lately I've got leaving on my mind. [Music] I guess I should be looking for a better place to live. Yes. But lately, I can't get excited about the world and what it can give. You see, I could care less if I could buy it all for solitary. You see, what good would a world do me? with leaving on my mind. Lately, all I got is leaving on my mind. Seems it's what I think about most of the time. Soon and very soon I'll leave my troubles all behind. lately I got leaving leaving on my mind soon and very soon I leave my troubles all behind. Lately I've got leaving [Music] on my mind. [Music] [Applause] Sings pretty good for feller stayed underwater a while, doesn't he? Maybe I need to do that. Hell, who will be next? Richard. [Applause] I got too many jobs. Oh, he he's filling. He's doing all the extra jobs and things. Okay. Where's Amen. Come on. Who'll be next? We got in about an hour, didn't we? Wade and June. Come on. Y phone. You know, Wade's told y'all many times that my parents, my family is of course not believers, and they think that I've been brainwashed. I wish I could be. I really do. But, you know, I I talked to my mom today. She's down at my sisters and she says, "What are you doing?" I said, "We're getting ready to go to church." "What time you leaving? 5 6:00. Won't get home till after 1:00, 2:00 in the morning." I said, "Well, yeah, but you know, there's no place I'd rather be. I mean, I come and I work sometimes and I work too long and get a bad attitude and I I ask you to forgive me for that, but there's just nowhere I'd rather be than with each one of you guys. Every one of you." Amen. Amen. You can't sing when you crying. She quit. We're going to sing that one first. Yeah. All right. Clap your hand. Not like that. Wait till we're finished. Some seek for wealth down here. Some seek for fame. I don't care if no one even knows my name. I feel like a stranger here. Soon I'll be gone. Nothing can hold me here. I'm headed home. Well, nothing can hold me here. I'm headed home. Heavenly gates are near. It won't be long till I'm walking on streets of gold. Singing around God's throne. Nothing can hold me here. I'm headed home. If I should die down here before that trumpet sounds, if they lay my body in that cold, cold ground, don't need to weep for me. Don't sing me no sad song. Heaven can hold me here. I'm headed home. Well, nothing can hold me here. I'm headed home. Heavenly gates are near. It won't be long till I'm walking. All streets are gold. Singing around God's throne. Nothing can hold me here. I'm headed home. Well, if I should die down here before that trumpet sound, if they lay my body in that cold, cold ground, well, no need to cry for me. Don't sing me no sad songs. Nothing can hold me here. I'm headed home. Well, nothing can hold me here. I'm headed home. Heavenly gates are near. It won't be long till I'm walking on streets of gold. Singing around God's throne. Nothing can hold me here. I'm headed home. Nothing can hold me here. I'm headed home. [Music] I like these old songs. We I know that brother Larry and and Sister Jeannie remember the naps. They were all good friends and we uh I used to enjoy them singing this song and and um we're going to try to sing it. Try. [Music] A woman one time. Try it. A woman one time tried many positions, but rather grew worse in the Bible, we're told. Till one day she heard and came unto Jesus. [Music] If I could but touch him, I know I'd be home. If I could but touch the h of his garment. If I could but one part of his road, I know I'd be healed. My sins are forgiven. If I could touch him, I know I'd be whole. [Music] Barameus once sat by the wayside begging with no one to help him along the way till Jesus came by and heard his sacry. [Music] He touched his blind eyes and he healed him that day. If I could baptize the hem of his garment. If I could bize some part of his own, I know I'd be healed. My sins are forgiven. If I could but touch him, I know I behold. Sing it with us like this now. Right now you can touch the hymn of his garment. Right now, you can touch one part of his ro. I know you'd be healed. And your sins are forgiven. Right now, you can touch him and you can be whole. Right now, you can touch him and you can behold. [Music] [Applause] I believe that you'll be next. Who we got? The adult group on the list. Okay, now y'all know who that is. I don't. They gave me that and it said adult list. Come on, sisters. Amen. I should be shopping, boys. Amen. One minute away for a thousand years to my home just over the hill. I'm longing to see my Lord and my God to cross over to the other side. Walking away from a thousand years to my home just over the years. I'm longing to see my Lord and my God to cross over to the other side. I'm one minute from my future home. One step from the supper that my Lord has called. I can see myself walking on the streets of gold. That's why I'm sold out. He's wrapped in my soul. I made it away. I made it away. Oh yes. To my heart just over the years. I want you to see my Lord and my God to cross over to the other side. I've got my eyes on the promises of God. That's why I'm dying out and surrendering my heart. I know I can't make it in his presence today. That's why I'm getting all of Jesus before it's too late. A minute away. A minute away from a thousand years to my home. I'm longing to see my Lord and my God of the promise over to the other side. We don't have much longer on this earth we time to fervently pray in Jesus name. Put our trust in the arm of flesh. You got to turn it over to Jesus. He do all the rest. One minute away. One minute away. Oh yes. From a thousand years. I'm getting closer in my heart. Over the hill. I'm longing to see my Lord and my God. I'm cross over to the other side. One minute away from a thousand years to my home just over the years. I'm to see my Lord and my God to cross over to the other side. A minute away from a thousand years to my home just over the hill. Yes, I'm longing to see my Lord and my God to cross over to the other side [Music] away from a thousand years to my just over my to The other side to cross over to the other side. To cross over to the other side to cross over to the other. [Music] [Applause] Y'all seen the one you sle when it passed. Yeah, my heart's crying. in the piano. In the piano. In the piano stool. Yeah, they're in the piano. Sitting on Thank you. There you go. What can I get? For many years now, you've been part of our lives. We walk together through the good times and the trust. If there is one thing that I admire as I watch your life, it's your greatest heart's desire to live a life of Christ. I know your heart's right. I know your earest desire to follow the perfect will and leading of our Lord. Because your heart's bright has helped me so many home. I want my heart's cry to be just like yours. [Music] For all the preious moments you have prayed alone and all the midnight hours counseling on the phone, you always been there. never holding back. You gladly gave your all with a passion for his kingdom and a thirst to he [Music] know your heart's cry. I know your heartest desire to follow the perfect will and leading of our Lord because your heart's rise [Music] so many home. I want my heart's right to be just like yours. [Music] I know your heart's right. I know your desire to follow the perfect will and leading of our because your heart's helping so many home. I want my heart to be just like yours. I want my heart to be just like yours. [Music] [Applause] Thank you. I do it. [Music] If you look into rise, rise in the morning to rise. Rise in the morning. looking to rise in the morning. If you're looking to [Applause] rise in the morning to rise in the morning to get ready. If you're looking for the voice of the resurrection looking for the voice of the resurrection looking for the boys. If you're looking for the voice of the resurrection. If you give all the voice, [Applause] if you want that body change, change your body. Oh, if you want that body change, change your body. Want that body change? Change your body. He sees the mighty word of God. If you want that body change, God can change your mind. Oh, if you want that body change, God can change your body. You want that body change. Change your mind. [Music] in the morning. If you want that body changed, Change your body. [Applause] If you're looking to rise in the morning. Oh, if you're looking to rise in the morning to rise in the morning, get ready in the evening time. If you're looking to rise in the morning and get ready in the evening time [Applause] awesome. You going to sing? I'm going to sing. You sing. Come on. I was told to sing. Sing. Sing some song. Falling silence. All right. I can do that. mean G. [Music] You've heard the story of Paul and Silas, how they were bound and thrown into jail. They kept on praying. day. They were serving a God that could not fail. Well, all about midnight, God sent an earthquake. The whole foundation began to shake. Those prison doors flew open wide. And Paul and Silas stepped outside. Yes, he'll deliver me in my time of need. Like those Hebrew children from that fire, he freed and he fed 5,000 with two fishes and bread. And he walked on the water and he raised the dead. Well, he stood by Daniel in the lion's den. He saved old Moses from Pharaoh's men. Open the eyes of the blind to see. I know that he'll deliver me. Now it was David, my God, delivered. When before Goliath, he did stand. He took no armor. He took no weapons, just five stones and a sling in his hand. As he went running to meet that army, he met that Philistine man that stood mighty and tall. He said, "I've come in the name of the Lord. I know that mighty man did fall." Yes, he'll deliver me in my time of need. like those Hebrew children from that fire he freed and he fed 5,000 with two fishes and bread. And he walked on the water and he raised the dead when he stood by Daniel in the lion's den. He saved Moses from Pharaoh's men. Open the eyes of the blind to see. I know that he'll deliver me. Yes, he'll deliver me in my time of need. Like those Hebrew children from that fire, he freed and he fed 5,000 with two fishes and bread. And he walked on the water and he raised the dead. When he stood by Daniel in the lion's den, he saved golden Moses from Pharaoh's man. Open the eyes of the blind to see. I know that he'll deliver me. [Music] [Applause] You may sing another What am I saying? Give me the key. Give me the key of CI. I'm going to sing him one of my favorite songs. But uh I got uh [Music] I got I saw a gentleman the other day uh walking through the store and he turned around looked and for a moment he looked like brother Gary Atkins. And uh I just uh anyway, you know, brother Gary wanted us to record songs and and it's a song I recorded and I've always I've always loved this and and uh I think when brother PR preaches a future home, you know, he goes and he sings this song and it just means something to me and it's uh peace in the valley. [Music] Well, I'm tired and so weary, but I must go alone till the Lord comes and calls calls me away. Oh yes. Where the morning is bright and the lamb is the light and the night. Night night is as fair as the day. Oh yes. For there will be peace in the valley for me someday. There will be peace in the valley for me. Oh Lord, I pray there'll be no sadness, no sorrow, no trouble. I'll sing. There will be peace in the valley for me. for me. There the flowers will be blooming and the grass will be green and the skies will be clear and serene. Oh yes, where the sun ever be in this valley of dreams and the dark clouds that will ever ever be seen. Oh yes, for there will be peace in the valley for me someday. There will be peace in the valley for me. Oh Lord, I pray there will be no sadness, no sorrow, and no trouble. I'll sing. There will be peace in the valley for me, for me. There the bear will be gentle and the wolf will be tamed and the lion shall lay down by the lamb. Oh yes, peace from the wild shall be led my child and I'll be changed changed from this creature that I am. Oh yes, for there will be peace in the valley for me someday. There will be peace in the valley for me. Oh Lord, I pray. There will be no sadness, no sorrow, and no trouble. I'll see. There will be peace in the valley for me. for me. [Applause] Peace in the valley. Amen. Sister Mila has a testimony that she wants to give. Come on up. Amen. Good evening, everyone. Um, some there's a lot that happens to me. Oh, it's close. And um, I mean, my life is a miracle and all the things I Oh, you know, my family was together for the first time in like 17 years, all 16 of us, and I didn't run out of food. So, that was a miracle. But um about a couple Sunday uh a couple Wednesdays ago, I was catching up on the the sermons and brother Wade was preaching and before he preached uh sister Anna came up and gave her testimony about you know her shoe that she had left and somebody found it and uh it was like 5:00 in the morning cuz I couldn't sleep. So I just put on the tape, you know, I just always start cleaning. There's always stuff to clean in my house. And uh two years ago, my my mom when they go out the country, you know, they leave me, you know, pay the bills and do things. And there's a lot of things I was doing and I know I paid this bill. Uh but she said, well, they called her and she said, "I didn't pay the bill." I said, "Mom, I did pay the bill." Even though I was doing a lot of things. Um so, you know, there's a lot of things that I'm always um kind of trying to get done. But when I was listening to the tape and uh I was just cleaning and I found this has been two years ago. I found this piece of paper folded and this is a bill that I paid for my mom two years ago and I just thank the Lord because I went through a house move. I went through I've got lots of papers but I was just cleaning and I picked it up. I was going to throw it away and I looked I'm like praise the Lord. So if the Lord can find this, he can find anything. Amen. He can find anything. He can find anything. Brother Al, you got one for us. I have a testimony I want to share, too. I haven't even told him. While back in and Rebecca went to Memphis, they were going to go in our car. Put it up to your mouth. We had had it in the shop. and it had a noise under the hood and they did not take it. I had looked at the front tires and the best I could tell they were fine. When Anna got back from Memphis, we took the car and it had a pipe that was loose and was making a funny racket under the hood. We had just had it worked on. She took it back to the guy and in the process of him putting that pipe back, he noticed that the tires were completely worn out on the inside. If they'd headed for Memphis in that in that station wagon, those tires would have blown. You think God's not looking out for you? Think again. Get you a microphone. You ain't getting out of this. We are going to attempt to sing you a song that was number one in gospel music in 1974. How Great. How Great Thou Art. How Great Thou Art was number one in gospel music in 1974. I said that was a few years after brother Brham, but that's probably how it made it up there because it was popular with him. Okay, sister. I think we'll try G just to see. It was It went pretty good for Amazing Grace while ago. Oh Lord my God, when I in awome wonder consider all the world my hands have made. I see the stars. I hear the rolling thunder [Music] like power throughout the universe displayings [Music] my soul my s to thee how Great thou art. How great thou art. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. [Music] How great the world. [Music] Great. And through the woods and forest place I wander and hear the birds sing sweetly in the trees. When I look down from the mountain grand earth and hear the broom and feel the ginger breeze and sings my soul, my savior god to thee. How great thou art. How great thou art and sings my soul my savior God to thee. How great the world. a great when I think of God. And when I think God my son [Music] today I sp [Music] on the cross I b him gladly buried. He bled and died to take away my sins. And sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou art. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great. How great. When Christ shall come, we shall. in Christ shall come with shout of acclamation [Music] and take me home. What joy shall fill my heart. And I shall bow in all adoration and there proclaim. My God, how great thou art. [Music] Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. [Music] How great thou are. How great thou are. and sings my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great the world. How great the Amen. [Applause] Good. Sister Vanessa, it has been requested that you come and sing. Okay. Without brother Forny. I'm not saying who's the best, but we want to hear you sing. Oh yeah. Come on. Yes. God bless y'all. That's such a good song service. This is one of Joel's favorite songs. So, we're going to try it. Life is easy when you up on the mountain. You got peace of mind like you never know. Nothing changes when you down in the valley. But don't lose faith cuz you're never alone. Glory is God over the mountain. [Music] He's still God in the valley. [Music] When things go wrong, he'll make the right. [Music] He's got the good times. He's still got in the bad times. He's got all the days. He's still God in the night. You talk of faith when you up on the mountain. [Applause] Don't come so easy. with life at his bed. Yes, but he's down in the valley is trout and temptation. That's where your face is really put to the test. He's got all the mountain. He's still got in the valley when things go wrong. [Music] For he'll make them right. [Music] He's part of the good times. He's still got in the bad time. He's got other day. He's still got in the night. For you talk of the wind when you're up on the mountain. [Music] How come so easy when life is bad? Yes. But he's out in the valley where there's trials and temptations. That's when your faith is really put to the test. For he's God on the mountain. He's still God in the valley. When things go wrong, for you make the right [Music] of the good times. He's still God in the bad times. He's God of the day. He's still God in the night. Glory's God of the days. He's still God in the night. [Music] The same yesterday, today, and forever. Ain't he? Okay. Sister Barbara, come on. Hallelujah. Coming. Going back to line. I have a little testimony to go with this song. This is an old song, but when my children were little, sometimes they'd wake up at night, you know, after having a bad dream. And um I would tell them, I said, "You know what you do when you have a bad dream like that and you're afraid?" And they said, "What?" And they said, "You sing." And they looked at me like I was crazy. You know, you sing. I said, "Yeah, you start praising the Lord." I said, "The bad dreams will go away." So we used to sing this victory in Jesus. I heard an old old story. How a savior came from glory. How he gave his life on Calvary. Oh yes. To save a rich like me. I heard about his groaning of his precious blood atoning and I repented of my sins and won the victory. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He saw me and he bought me with his redeeing blood. He loved me. I moved here and all my love is due here. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. I heard about his healing of his cleansing power revealing how he made the lame to walk again. And he caused the blind to see. And then I cried, "Dear Jesus, come and heal my broken spirit." And somehow Jesus came and brought to me the victory. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me anybody with his redeeing blood. He loved me and I knew him and all my love is due to him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing fire. I heard about the manure he has built for me in glory. I heard about the streets of gold beyond the crystal sea about the angels singing and the old redemption story. And some sweet day I'll sing up there the song of victory. [Music] Victory in Jesus my savior forever. He saw me and he bought me with his redeeing blood. of the air. I live here and all my love is to you. Touch me to victory. We need the cleansing. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Brother Christian You sing the girls or you by yourself or bring the whole family. You won't get anywhere. Sister Christian shaking your head. No. Oh, well hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Um we want to sing this song um to the glory of God. The thing that I love and all dear to my heart are just power. They're not mine at all. Jesus only let me use them to brighten my life. So remind me remind me dear Lord. Oh by the curtain of May now and then. Show me where you brought me from and where I've could have been. Remember am you men and you forget so remind me remind me dear Lord. [Music] Nothing good have I done to deserve God's son. I'm not worthy of the scars in his hand. Yet he turns the world to Calvary to die and I stand why he loves me. I can't understand the container of memory now and then show me where you brought me from and where I've been. Remember I'm human and human for so [Music] me. [Music] Jesus [Music] to brighten brighten my heart. I love me. I can understand. [Music] W by the curtain of memory now and then. Show me where you brought me from and where I've been. Remember I'm human and human for so me. Remind me dear Lord. So remind me [Music] dear Lord. [Music] [Applause] Well, we got about five minutes, seven minutes. Come on, brother Chris. Brother Luis. I can't pronounce his last name. That's why I called her sister Luis. I can't pronounce Urego. I get it wrong. You roll your Rs. I don't have no RS in my reggo. Rego. God bless you all. Um, I wanted to sing a song real quick and uh I don't know if you all have heard that song uh called uh I can feel his holy spirit is a southern gospel song. Brother Aaron, you might know it. It's goes in the same beat as the song brother Aaron I don't know I don't know keys and things like that but the first song he sung it kind of goes like that. So that's that's all I know. I'll just start singing. But uh just right before I sing this, I just wanted to uh let everybody know that um today, just 10 minutes right before the day ends. Today, me and my wife, we have our 10th year anniversary. And uh so I um I just wanted to thank God for for giving me a good wife, for giving me a a wife that stood by my side even when I've made dumb mistakes. And uh every day, yes, she's still patient with me as I'm going through this growing process and aging process and widening process as well. So, but I I I just appreciate her and I thank the Lord for her and uh y'all just pray for us. Amen. Uh that the Lord would just give us 10 10 more, you know. And uh we we were looking at the at what the different stages of years of of marriage you you've been. And apparently 10 is is 10. So I didn't want to give her a tinfoil, you know, or anything like that as a gift. Although she could use it in the kitchen. But uh anyways, hopefully we'll be able to get to that 50 if Lord if the Lord terries at that golden that golden Amen. get to the point where brother Dale and sister Peggy are at. Amen. Amen. Praise God. We're going to try to attempt this song. Uh you know, when I first came into the message, I I I I heard a lot of Southern gospel songs, and I'm the type of guy I like to sing different types of songs. And uh so a Latino singing a southern gospel song that doesn't seem right. But I like southern gospel music. My wife doesn't really care much for it, but I like the mckameies and all that, you know. So So brother brother Dick said I'm a redneck. I am from way down south. Amen. Let's we we'll try to sing this song. Jesus said it is expected [Music] for me to go away. But I'll send you another comforter to guide you from day to day. Though they tear at Jerusalem for power from on high and that spirit that they receive within my heart abides, oh I can feel his holy spirit. It's a dwelling deep brea within. Well, sometimes it feels so tent and sometimes like a mighty rushing wind. But the spirit that there is Jesus from dead in the grave. He will raise his old body might up and take me home someday. Well, they laid him in an empty tomb and they rolled back a stone on the door. They put soldiers there to guard it. Oh, they thought they'd run away with my Lord. But on that third day, the stone was roll away. And he came forth from the grave. And that spirit that raised my Jesus up will take me home someday. Oh, I can feel it. Holy Spirit are really sometimes feel so and sometimes I cannot rushing but spirit that raised my Jesus up from the grave. They will raise this. Oh my take [Applause] back a stone at the door. They put solders there to guard it. Only they got away with my Lord. But the rain the snow was roll away he gave from the grave in spirit and raised my Jesus will take us home. All I can feel is his holy spirit brea sometimes feel so gentle and sometimes like rushing wind but that's his spirit that raised my Jesus up from me in the grave. It will raise this mighty uplome. It will raise this. It will raise this mighty uplome. [Music] [Applause] I love good music. I think God does [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I love my music. Music always go, [Music] but there's always a victory in it. [Music] Amen. And amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. You had a good night. I enjoyed it. Really enjoyed the the ministry. I believe it. I believe brother Forny believes it. So that's, you know, you just pray for them. They'll be going back home tomorrow and you know, having a good time in the Lord as much as we can while we're here. Amen. we get over there, we'll just be getting started here and having it. Then we can do a good time in the Lord, right? Appreciate all of the mu, the singing, the the the testimonies, everything. To me, it's been a wonderful year. It's a great time to think about how that, you know, you and I are the ones that know the truth. Amen. Glory. Amen. Yes, sir. And the truth shall set you free. Amen. It's just a have to get my glasses. It's it's a wonderful thing to be able to say we have the prophet said the perfect interpretation and he said with divine vindication. Amen. Amen. That's right. God vindicated the word and it's interpreted to us by way of the prophet messenger. We thank God for that because it was ordained for you and I. Yes, sir. And why can't we believe what we are? Amen. And what God has done, he's chosen this people for last. No. We never thought years ago that we'd be here at this time. But yet, that didn't change anything in God's word. No. Cuz he knew all about it. He knew right where we'd be and right where we're at. He knows exactly how long it's going to be, what it's going to be. And who's worried cuz it ain't up to me anyway. Amen. Let's just read our scripture. Go right into the communion and just let the world out there now have their time and we just simply take a little time to just sit back and relax a little bit. You know, communion is really talking, fellowshipping, right? You know, it's brought down to the physical part in what Jesus done because it's to show you what it is and why we're rejoicing and what it's all about the but it's really just the communication. Amen. Right. And why can't we do that? We've seen people healed by taking communion. Right. Sure. Yes, sir. You know, because it's what your mind is and what you're thinking about. Amen. So, let's just go into this. Lord Jesus, we thank you for this day that we've had an opportunity. Thank you for the message that our brother brought unto us. We pray you'd give him comfort in his body and strength, Lord, and everything. Just take care of him. And Father, we thank you for all of the singing, the testimonies, the worships, the the glory that it all be given to you, Lord, and to your honor. And Father, we ask you to just forgive our sins as we come to this part of taking communion. None of us are worthy, Lord. We know that and realize it. But yet, if we just depend upon you to take care of it, then all is made well and we don't have to worry about it. We thank you for knowing the truth and then letting that truth set us free. Thank you for giving us another year, another opportunity, another time that we could hear your word and walk in the light of your grace and love. We love you. We thank you. Father, guide us now as we partake of this as you broke for us and gave to us and showing what it was all about. We thank you in Jesus name. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. But the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread and when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me. After the same manner also he took the cup when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as often as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do chew the Lord's death till he come." That's right. Wherefore, whosoever shall eat of eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkkeeth unworthily, eateth and drinkkeeth damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. Now, this this part of the scripture right here is one of my favorites. But when we are judged, we do wrong. We're judged for doing wrong. Look, we're chasened of the Lord. Why? That we should not be condemned with the world. Amen. Wherefore, my brethren, when you come together to eat, t one for another, and if any man hunger, let him eat at home, that you come not together under condemnation, and the rest will I set in order when I come. What a wonderful thing to be able to know, not argue over what it's this way or that way or what it is, but to know what the communion is all about. Amen. Right, brother? We know it's not the the body. We know it's not the blood. But really in actuality, it is greater because body and blood won't do what the communion will allow you to enter into a place to be to where that you know you could understand a lot of things. You notice even why wasn't that why was it Paul was chosen to write this Corinthians? Why is it that none of the apostles that were with the Lord Jesus spoke of the communion? The greatest John, the Luke's or whatever, they never spoke of the communion. Paul was chosen because he could take the Old Testament and he could follow that Old Testament through and he could go right back to that unleaven bread. He could go to all of those things. And then he could come right down to where it's laying in front of us. Amen. Amen. Amen. Father, we thank you for this bread that's been made for this purpose tonight. Lord, we just praise your great name. We know this is not your body. We know it's not words or letters. It is bread that is made in a representation. What a representation it is in glory for to know that when we get there at the marriage supper it won't be stakes and things Lord it'll be the communion we'll really understand being all about it we ask you to sanctify this bread and sanctify the partakers because this bread is thy word made manifest and we love you and thank you in Jesus never take the communion. And I don't think about those people back there as they were getting ready to leave out of Egypt. They were taking it eating their last meal, getting ready to go. Everything was just right. It had to be perfect, laid in order. Then they'd be able to go out of the land. You just think about it. They're out there now blowing off and hollering and screaming. Mhm. We're just simply taking a little time to be sincere before the Lord and thank him for all that he's done for us in this past year. They're screaming and hollering about the devil and his works and rejoicing over his equipment and doings. And we're just simply saying, "Well, thank you, Lord. Just let us humbly think about these things that we would not, you know, just be something haphazardly, but that everything that would be said or done be for the glory of the Lord. Father, we thank you for this wine. It's went through the process. It's an example of your blood that was shed for each one of us. We just thank you. It's aged and as it ages, it gets better and better. Just like you, Lord. We ask you to sanctify the wine, Lord. The bread as we take the bread and then we drink a little bit of wine and tomorrow this will be blood cells in our body because of what we're eating and doing. But mainly, Lord, let it be cells within our human elements of life to make us raise and glorify you. sanctify the wine and the partakers in Jesus name. Come morning I'll walk by the river. I'll rest near the ever dream tree. out my cross through the midnight. Come morning, there's glory for me. Sometimes I'm despised and rejected and I question, "Oh, Father, how long then I take one more look at Mount Calvary, and it gives me the strength to go Oh, no wonder we can sing it. Come morning, some morning between 6:00 and 9, right? By the river, I'll rest the ever green tree. I'll carry my cross through the midnight. I'm mourning. There's glory for me. You said, "Well, brother D, why do y'all sing while you're doing the communion?" I thought we were to make Mary in our hearts and rejoice about everything, no matter what it be or whatever we doing. And why can't we be happy about it and and rejoice and sing and glory? I remember when we were there in Israel and they told us that there were certain psalms that they sang as they entered into coming up the steps coming into the outer court you know part of the temple and there were certain songs that they sang why can't we be joyous in our heart and re you know and glorify God and sing and making melody from our lips and praising him for all that he's done for us. Right. Come morning, I'll walk by the river. I'll rest the ever green tree. I'll carry my cross through the midnight. I'm mourning. There's glory for me. Amen. And amen. Make sure everybody's got the communion. You think there's not too much to communion, but there a whole there's a whole lot to the truth. I love the truth. Don't you? Yes, sir. Let's all partake together. Make sure you tell brother Forny how much you appreciate him, Sister Forny, coming with him and fellowshipping together and and all. And we just pray that the Lord would bless and guide each one of us and keep us. Now, we're going downstairs. We have plenty of food. So, you're welcome. Everybody's welcome to stay and eat and fellowship together for a little while and and all and just have a good time. We say to you, not just a happy new year. I'm looking forward to this year to this day to this. I look forward to every hour. Billy Graham said, he said, let's see, maybe now if I misquote it, but I know he said, I raise every morning looking for him to come. It seemed like he might have said, "I go to bed looking for him to come." But I know he said, "Raise every morning looking for him." Amen. And to see him. Well, if he's that away, I think we ought to be happier to do it. All right. You're dismissed. Father, be with us. Go with us now as we eat a natural part of a meal. While the world is rejoicing, we don't have to go out and be a part of them. We just fellowship together and have a good time in you. We love you and we thank you in Jesus name. Amen. Now remember, Bible study is the second Saturday in January, not the first one on this. All right.
