################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2017-04-09 - 17-0409 - Fourth Seal Pt.1 - Wade Dale - Wade Dale.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2017-04-09
Title:   17-0409 - Fourth Seal Pt.1 - Wade Dale
Speaker: Wade Dale
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wtpcfCJQ2r0
========================================

very nice time to trim going on wisdom. That's why they told Don but Nah, but they lie. Somebody sometimes it's a trick, right? It's just a trick. It's a trick. You got him fooled. All right. Good to have everybody with us this morning. I hope everybody had a good week. Good morning. Good week so far. And uh good to have brother D. Now, I'm sorry, I can't remember your first name. Oh, Elicia. Alicia. Elicia. Alicia. Okay. All right. Good to have you with us today. And um welcome everyone. We are uh on a series on the seals and we're on number four. And we'll kind of background just for a moment before we get started. Last uh Sunday, we touched a little bit on it and then we we backed up. So, we went through the first seal and we see that the that the seals are given in the end time for a group of people, a special group of people that takes this word that's been hid since the foundation of the world and open we had a prophet come to open the door, the portal like brother Dale's preaching. He had he opened the door so that we could step in because look, I can't get William Brown's revelation. I got to have my own. Okay. William Brown's revelation took him to a position that he was in, but brother Brown's revelation can't take me to that same place because he had a special place to be. But you and I have a special place to be. And and honestly, he prophesied cuz see it's prophetic. He prophesied that there was and we'll talk about this to this afternoon. I want to I want to really show you something on on on what we're doing here and and what's happening now that sometimes we think maybe we're we keep pushing it down the road. We keep pushing it. You know what's brother Brandham always said? He said man looks back looks forward and doesn't look at what's going on right now. That's right. Right. So we'll look at that this afternoon but it'll kind of tie in with all this. But the seals were given the sealed there's not there's not a seven sealed book outside of the Bible. Okay. Right. There's not a seven seal book mystery book somewhere hidden in a closet somewhere that No. Brother Brandham said you know remember they told him they said brother Rand with your revelation you could write another chapter of the Bible. He said that sounds good. He said but that would make me Antichrist because you can't add to one word of the Bible and you can't take a word out. Right? So everything that we need has to be contained in scripture. Everything. Right? And then we must read between the lines. Mhm. To get the revelation. Okay? Because simple reading, remember brother R said in his church age book, he says simple reading of the scripture is good. But you need a supernatural revelation from God to show you what the scriptur is talking about. Because Jesus said, "Eat my flesh and drink my blood." Well, he never explained it. Well, if you don't explain that, then we need to be all, you know, all be cannibals. That's what he said, right? Said, "Unless you eat the flesh of the son of man and drink his blood, you'll have." He said, "Unless you do that." So, he was pretty specific. But then Paul comes along by the revelation of the Holy Ghost. He tells us that he was talking about the wine and the partaking of the communion. And then we do partake of the body. But remember the is a real fine line, but a lot of the Catholic doctrines, if you moved them over just a little bit, they'd be all right. They take more communion. Listen, they take more communion than than most Protestants do. Cuz they take it every Sunday or whatever the mass is. They take it every time. But what they're saying is though is that wafer that they're giving you is they're turning it into the body of God or the body of Jesus. And that fulfills that scripture, eat my flesh. But the whole problem was was is is was that they drink the wine. So they think they've got the Holy Spirit and then they give it to you. But no, Jesus said, unless you eat the flesh or and eat the and drink the blood. So we must be, in other words, partakers of the body of Christ. Right? Eating, brother Brown said, on the body word of the son of man. We're eating eating the word of God. Right? So that's what these seals are for. They're to they're not to show you a new Bible or a new way of living. No, the way of living has been in the Bible. Brother Brandham did not come to bring us a way of life. He came to restore us back to a way of life. Okay? He came to restore. Remember Elijah's ministry is to restore. The Elijah in the Old Testament restored the altar, right? And then God came down and consumed the water and all the other things that was on him. But Elijah had to restore it because the prophets of Baal are those denominational ideas that were different from the ministry of that hour had tore it down. And that's what happened in back in the we were talking about this you know great age of Luther and Wesley uh the intelligence of man which is a wonderful time but still right in here is where all denominational ideas came out of this fourth church age which is the Catholic age right came out of that Catholic age then Martin Luther protested the Catholic church Wesley became a Protestant that's what Protestant means protest they they divided theirel from the Catholic church over what doctrines. But what did they do is they took Martin Luther brought a message. He called the people out. But as brother Devil was reading in Jeremiah, they gave that seven-year release. But then some people got drugged back into that same old denominational idea. Well, see, that denominational idea was before the foundation of the world. Satan says, "I'm better than you, God. I've got a different idea." So, there's your denomin There's your two, you know, you two um spirits. All right? in the framework of the church which is the Holy Spirit and and an evil spirit which is not so far from the Holy Spirit. Okay. All right. So it's not a big separation. It's a fine line. So in here's where all denominations were set up was in this intelligence age which we were talking about here with the third seal cuz that's the uh the four anointings or the four combat beast was what? The lion, the ox, the man, and the eagle. Right. Right. Right. the lion, ox, man, and eagle. Excuse me. They were the protectors of the ark. Cuz the ark was here. And then you had the lion, ox, man, and the eagle. What was Dan? Which one was he? Eagle. Eagle. Anyway. So anyway, so you had Dan, you had the four leaders of the 12 tribes. You had one here, and they had um three, 6, 9, 12. This is literally in Israel. You had three tribes over here, three tribes here, three tribes here, and three tribes here. And all of their banners were the exact Lionox, man, and eagle banner. Mhm. Of of the um of the combat beast that was shown in Ezekiel where it says talking about one face this face of a man, face of a lion, face of an ox, face of an eagle. And then we had a prophet in the end time. What he tell us those combat beasts were the Holy Ghost. The combat beast is the Holy Ghost. It is the boldness of a lion. The burden bearer of an ox, the intelligence of a man because you do have to have intelligence. It's just got to be God's intelligence. This knowledge right here is not man's knowledge. That's right. That's right. Man's knowledge turned this into a denominational idea these ages. Yes. But the knowledge of God never formed a denomination. It can't. That's why when brother Brandon brought the the seals or the headstone, it was not man's ideas. It was not something that you can denominate. You can't denominate this. Right? So then you got the linox man and eagle. And as we pointed out many times before, look at the characteristics that we need every day that you and I need every day to make it through life is the boldness of the line. Mhm. Right. the burden bearer of the ox, the intelligence of the man, because you got to have the intelligence of God is the only thing that'll defeat Satan because Satan is the most intellectual man you'll ever know on the face of the earth outside of God. Amen. Okay. So, that's why we're no match for the devil cuz what? He matches up here. That's right. God takes the heart. Satan can't get to the heart if you're born again, but he can get to here, right? Lox man and eagle. The eagle is the what? Prophetic. The eagle is the as as we gave illustration before the lion is a very powerful animal. Yes, he is. But he's only about this tall. So if there's grass about this tall, he can't see very far, but he's very powerful. So they had a very powerful word, but it wasn't so much of revelation. They could see so far or understand. The ox is a little taller, but he's slow. Mhm. But he'll work. You know, a lion, they'll run for 500 yards and then they lay down. They, you know, they run out of steam. But an ox all day long. All day long, he just steady. And that's the way we supposed to be all day long. The man, the intelligence of man, now man stands up taller. He can see further. And then with our intelligence, we can go on up a little higher. Cuz you got to have, to me, this is perfect. The way God put it, you got to have the strength to start with. Then you take that, you don't do away with that and then then come to the next one. No, you keep adding. Keep you keep adding. You add then you add to that line. You add the strength that you can make it further and further and further and you can keep going. And you know what? If you have to pull somebody with you, you got something to pull them with. You know, uh you don't see a lion carrying a cart. No, no. But you do see an aux. You put something behind that option, he just keeps grinding and he just keeps going. All right? That's the way we are. Same way now with a man's intelligence, we come to a place now that the only way we can that we can go higher is to be the eagle. The eagle when he goes up, he can see this way, this way, this way, and this way. Okay? But with man's intelligence, we've got up into this realm. I say man's intelligence. I don't mean man. I mean God. with the intelligence of God through the man anointing. We now have come up into the eagle age and that's what we're talking about here in the four seal. The eagle age or the prophetic. It's a pale horse rider which is a mixed color. Uh there's a name already given here. And then we got to look at the rapture because there's no other combat beef past the fourth seal. Right. Right. Brother Bam says the rapture take place on the fourth seal. But whatever this characteristic, cuz we always say that and then we go on. If the rapture takes place on the four seal, there must be something in that seal that's going to rapture us. Amen. Right. Right. Right. Right. But you say, "What about 5, six, and seven?" We'll get to that in just a little while. But but we must see that that that brother Brandham something came to him in a revelation that right here on this fourth seal that the Holy Ghost come off the earth. Amen. Yes. In the Gentile age. Now he's going to go back to the Jews. Yes. Right after we leave. But this is what we're concerned about, right? We're concerned about this anointing, right? To get us out of here, right? And then whatever happens to the Jews, I don't you know, don't even worry about trying to figure it out because why do you need to figure it out? That's right. Sure, it's good to know these things because you can use them as types. Okay. But we must come to we must come to this last anointing before they can take that revelation. I say they two prophets, two Jewish prophets can take that Moses and Elijah anointing and go to Israel. They can't do it right here. Right. Right. Not enough word to get them out. Not enough word to rapture them because they've got to take a rapture. Right. Right. Here's where they've got to be to bring a group of people up. Right. In the prophetic realm. Mhm. And they we've had 50s something years since the prophet left. They're only going to have three and a half to understand quite a bit of what we have un tried to understand 50 years and not make a denomination out of it or some other idea. That's what I love about those two prophets. Brother Brham gets on that sixth seal and he said, "I had to walk out of the room." Well, man, you know why? Because they were the true prophets. They they they brother Brandham brought the truth and man has divided it into all different kind of factions. Yes. Two souls, seven thunder, all these uh the millenniums already here and all these different things came from his his message. But his message is true. These two prophets, they're bringing the word of God. Amen. And they got three and a half years. They've got one goal. You and I, our goal is to preach the gospel. And brother Ram said, "Let the chips fall where they may." Cuz there's no certain amount of people that's going to make it, Gentiles. But you got to know one thing's for sure. Them two prophets know that when they hit that 144,000 mark, they're done. Yeah. That's right. They're done. There's not 146,000. There's 144,000. And when they're finished, their message is over. Amen. Cuz there's nobody else going to be saved after that 144,000. So, what a message. When they start out, there's no doubt them two prophets are going to look in the book of Revelations and they're going to read that they're those two prophets and they've got,260 days to get 144. See how precise that is with us. We don't know what time we got. We don't know how many people. We just We're Gentiles. We throw it out there. The rapture is going to happen. But they know one thing's for sure. They got to get to a certain place and they got to do it real fast. That's my turn, baby. Not the two little fuzzy one. They're my grandkids, too. But anyway, lion ox man and eagle. The first church age, I mean, sorry, the first seal shows justification because you got to go through just what brother Brown said. Never leave those three stages of the new birth. Never leave those because he started back in the 40s and when he got to the future home, he said, I preached the same thing to hope. So he, you know, there's some people in the message says that he done away with after the seals open, he done away with justification, sanctification. It was just you got it all when you got born again. Well, the future home was preached in 1964, which was 2 years or a year after the seals were preached. And it's kind of strange that he goes back and says, "I've taught these from the beginning, and I'm still taught them now." Even the going forth to the earth. Remember justification, sanctification. Justification under what? Mo I mean Noah washing wash the earth. Sanctification. Jesus came shed his blood. And then there's a a baptism coming of fire that's going to burn this earth off for us to live in. Okay. So there you got your three stages of grace. But in those three stages of grace, you have a fourth one because there's four combat beasts. There's four death messengers in Joel that eat the tree down. Pom worm, locust, caterpillar, and ankle can. Yeah, I don't like that word, so I don't even think about cankerworm. Those four. But you had to have four life messengers bringing it back, which was what? Luther under justification, western under sanctification, the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Remember what brother Dale's been teaching? The Holy Ghost come himself on the day of Pentecost. Right. Right. And then the word opening. Mhm. Listen, I want you to think about this. And I'm not one of them that from 47 to 63, we don't need that. We need 63. Like, no, you need it all because it's all a foundation for for what's coming up. Okay? But from 47 to 63 was not the opening of the word for our age. Right. Okay. That's right. Right. That word had already been open. That's right. Yes. Yes. Right. Is that all right? That brother Brandon, that's why it says he didn't come to bring something new until he come to 1963. He come to do a work of restoration to restore us back what was already. Listen, John Wesley preached sanctification, right? Brother Brown didn't been preaching no different than John Wesley. And John Wesley did it back in 1750. That's right. 200 300 something years ago. 400 years ago almost. So it's not something new from 47 to 63. It was a restoration back to what had been eat down by those four um worms or whatever you want to call them. Same bug, right? So what restored it was Luther's true justification, Mark I mean Wesley's true sanctification, the Pentecostal's true baptism of the Holy Ghost bringing the gifts back into church and then the word had to open in 1963. The word opened that light had never shone. Remember brother whipped the top off of the pyramid, looked down in there. Light had never shone on that. It wasn't that the word was not there. Yes, sir. That's right. The word was in there. It's just that light had never shown. Man had not come up to a place or a plateau. Man had not come to a place to where it could look down in the pyramid. Okay. And see the what? The unwritten part. The Bible's been written for years and years and years. John wrote this in AD 60 something, 80 something, even 8090. This was written 2,000 years ago. what we're talking about. What was written, this part right here that's shaking in front of you, right? That part was written by John 2,000 years ago. Yes. He was commissioned to write what he saw. Right. Not reveal it. Write what he saw. Okay. That's right. Cuz he said, "Look, come and see." And I looked. Yeah. So, all he was doing was he was scribing. He was he was writing down everything that he saw. Right. Okay. But now with the revelation that we have, it's not just written word. Now it's going to have to be I was thinking about this morning. Think about this. We might get into a little bit this afternoon, but when we get when we get to the future home, you're not going to need a Bible, right? Cuz the Bible's going to be there, right? The living people, right? I would say the millennium, but you got you foolish is not going to be in the millennium. So I'm saying future home. When we get in the future home, everything that this Bible wrote about, you said, "What about Judas?" I said, I said, "Everything that's written, we'll know there was a Judas, right? But we'll know what he done." That's right, son of a prediction. We'll know all the the bad things. We're going to know, but they're not going to be there. But what impacted Judas? Why was Judas who he was? It's because Jesus was who he was. Why was Balam who he was? Because Moses was who he was, right? Amen. Got that? What a revelation that is to me that you don't need a written Bible. The written Bible, the when we walk in that future home, you you can't see um in Revelations 19 or wherever said the books was open and then they were given this and given that. That's your foolish virgin. There's no names written in there, but that's all the foolish virgins from down the beginning of time. That's all the foolish virgin in that one scripture. And they're going to be walking, living, moving people that come right out of that word. I get to preaching and quit teaching. We'll do that this afternoon. But you see what I'm talking about? Why do you need a written B? The reason we need a written Bible now is because we can't see them. We see them by the eye of faith. That's right. But you're going to literally see the Bible open up. That's why the Bible's the eternal word of God. It's not going to be a written word that we we have to go back and and pay homage to. I'm sorry. We That's not what we're going to do. That's right. We're not going to have scrolls, right? Listen, the Bible said there's not even going to be a tabernacle there. Right. There's not going to be a tab. So, there's not going to be a scroll there. See, like now, the reason reason I thought about this is they they opened up a a museum here in Gainesville, General James Long Street, which was a a Confederate general right next to Robert E. and he moved to Gainesville. Well, they've got all of his writings and people just flocking in to read those old documents cuz he talked to presidents and different things and he had a, you know, he had a history, right? He was a he was a very power a good general, very good general. Um, General Roberty Lee called him the old waror, right? But he moved to Gainesville. Well, they've got all of his writings over in uh Israel now. You've got the Torah and you've got the real one. And you know, they say that thing comes up out of the ground. Bulletproof glass. this thick, you know, they're preserving it. They say that if there's an ever an attack that that thing goes down into like a bunker like 6 feet thick steel concrete. Why? To preserve a word of history. We're not here to preserve a word of history, right? We're making history, right? These seals are making history because even when the prophet of God preached them, none of us, I say none of us, we some of you were born, but none I was 3 years old, but none of us though had a revelation in 1963, right? That that's what was happening, right? We do now. That's right. Okay. So, that word was planted just like in the Bible, that word was planted and then it comes to fruition when we come alive and then the word comes alive in us. Then when we go to the future home, you don't need letters. You don't need a uh when he opened the fourth seal. We'll know what that is because we're going to experience it. Exactly. When you experience something, writing a book's good in a third person or a second person, you can read a book about something. But I've always said if you could become the composer, why Brother Ram say if you become the person that wrote the book, right? You'd understand. Exactly. Because if I gave you a a a book, if I gave you a book about me and my wife, we've been married 37 years. You don't know her. You don't know her. But I know her very well. But I write these little love things, you know, these little little things that we do that just between me and her. But if I give it to you, you say, "Oh, this is pretty good. This is all right." Yeah, this is okay. It's it's Yeah. Okay. So, they they have fun all 37 years. They had two kids and tell them story. But what if I was some way to transpose myself into you and you have the same mind that I did so that you could actually read between the lines. See what I'm talking about? That's what this says. When we have the mind of Christ, it brings not written words to us. We have to have written words to process it through our eyeballs. We have to. Right. But brother said even the most illiterate person can get a revelation. That's right. So that means somebody that can't read, but he hears and something strikes in his heart that he puts things together that God's already spoke in different ways in different times. Same way when we get to the future home, you look at these uh uh you know, we went through all this and we have I say we we're we're alive and remain. That's what we're going to talk about this afternoon. We which are alive and remain. Well, we're still here. As long as we don't have to go to your funeral or mine, we're still here, right? And we are still capable of receiving revelation from God. Amen. Amen. So, as we receive revelation from God, it becomes a part of us to where you don't see the book anymore. No, that's right. You see the person of the book. Okay? And if that person of the book is the Lord Jesus Christ and he is dwelling in us, right? Then what's the difference? Jesus said, "You're not far off when you say ye are God's." That's right. And whom the word comes to. All right. So we got the four combat beast. They're listen. They're earthly beast. Right. Right. These are all earthly beast. They're not It doesn't say angel, cherubam, saraphim. Right. Right. It says lion. We can relate to that ox, man, and eagle. So, it's something we can relate to on the earth. All right. When we get to heaven, when we get to the future home, there's not going to be this very lion walking around. You understand what I'm saying? It's going to be the people. Yes. It's going to be all of us. It's not going to be You're not going to see the But you what you're going to do, you're going to see these characteristics when we talk about the age we came out of. Exactly. Amen. When we talk about the age that we came out of, that's going to come alive. That's right. To me, that's what these seals are. This is the word. Now, the word's never been dead, but we have so we I say we we have so eroded it or so put our own thoughts and ideas and and picked and choose and you know till we have we have suppressed it. Right. Yes. Right. Right. to where now though that we see that you look at all these it's going to take right here it's very important because what is pale I told you before take take red or take white remember you remember your your horse riders white black and red I can do that cuz I got plenty of paint cuz I'm a beekeeper and I get all the paint I need. So, I I uh I have all these different colors, so I'll mix them up. M It's a It's a putrid grally grayish purple. It's got all these different It's pale. So, what is the rapture? The rapture is all three of these mixed together, right? What is the opening of the word? You can't have the You can't have the headstone opening of the word with just justification. That's right. Cuz that just tells you that you're a sinner. That's right. You're starting in your Christian walk. You're just down here. You know, you're a baby. Sanctification. You getting everything cleaned up. You're getting the house in order. You moving stuff around. You getting stuff throwing stuff out. But the new birth comes and sure that gives you a right to the word of God, but it doesn't give you and and that's what is you have to listen to what brother Brown said. I was reading a token yesterday. The token in the end time is not different than any other time because the token is the Holy Ghost. Right. Amen. Okay. The token was the Holy Ghost in this age. That's right. But the full token, right? The fullness of what's coming. That's right. Came in this age. Right. Right. Okay. That entitles you to the full token. It it it being in this message of the hour and getting a revelation. It it doesn't take it it didn't take Martin Luther anywhere but the justification into a grave. Wesley sanctification and the grave. You see what I'm saying? Yes. Right. So the full token the full token is the fullness. It's all these mixed together around the word of God. Exactly. And I don't have room to write that, but that's not just written word. That's revelation. Amen. There's no prevailing power, the prophet said, outside of a revelation. Amen. Cuz Satan can impersonate everything but a real true drop down in your heart revelation. It's like a pipe that runs right down to your heart and Satan can't get to it. Now, if you remember, Brother said if it stays up here, he said Satan can play with it cuz this is his battleground, right? He has pro He has this part he can play with. That's right. God give him that. That's right. In the garden, he g He said, "Okay, cuz remember brother R says Satan chose the brain. God chose the heart." Right. Right. So that's where your greatest battle is. It's up here. It's not It shouldn't be down here. That's right. You're either one or the other in the heart. I'm not pointing at the heart. I'm talking about the very heart of you, the center of you. All right. a couple more points and then tomorrow, next Sunday, we'll well, next Sunday, Brother Luis is going to bring the uh he's going to bring a uh resurrection uh uh Sunday school class and then the next Sunday, remember that other brother's coming to be with us. So, we'll pick this up the next Sunday on the four seal. But, let's get the uh let's read it. I hope everybody got that's kind of a background. That's that's what we're up to now. We're up to now to where um Deanna is taking that what is that milestone thing she's anyway they're testing her and they are time testing her okay you got so many problems you got so many minutes to complete that problem it's putting pressure on them you know trying to get them but what is what is the and and and could be bragging again she's very good in math like her grandpa. Okay. And she understands it. She likes numbers. She loves numbers. So anyway, but anyway, she goes and she takes everything that she had learned, right? Mhm. Everything that she had learned when she sits down that one 5 minutes, they've got to complete 20 problems in 5 minutes. She takes everything that she's learned and she brings it right there to that one place and she takes that test. Right. She's got so much time to take it. Mhm. We're at the end time. We have so much time to take these tests. Okay. And then what we do though is is what if the teacher was teaching her something and then teaching me something different? Her math, me English, but she gets the English test and I get the math test. I have no background to go on. I have no revelation of what of what she's been understanding. You understand what I'm saying? Cuz we can't have these past revelations. That's right. The revelation must be the fullness of the word or we're not going to take a body change. That's right. We got so much time to do it in and we've got to take everything that we've had before. That's why if you don't know that you went through these stages, I I'm not saying you don't have a new birth. I'm just saying maybe you just need to go back and think. That's right. That's right. That one day when you truly God forgive you of every sin you had done. Yes. And you walked in that and could walk in it for years. Mhm. Hello. Okay. And then you come to a spot to where things that listen the things that you did you didn't do anymore. Now I don't say they don't bother you. But then it comes to a time where they don't bother you. That's right. You see you got to grow just like a human grows. That's right. I mean, we we guide our kids the best we can. The Holy Ghost guides us the best he can, but he's a gentleman. He'll let us do some things dumb. That's right. Well, I'm sorry. He'll let me do things dumb. I don't know about y'all, but he let me do things dumb because I'm a human. But when you come on down to here and then when that burner comes in and burns all that old nature, see, that's what that third seal was. What? That third seal was a black horse. Darkness, death. Right. You have to come to a death because the dead in Christ shall rise first. That's right. I I want to bring that even this afternoon a little bit more. The dead in Christ. You got to be dead in Christ. That's right. Here. That's right. Before you go there. Amen. And you're not coming back here if you don't be dead in Christ here. Because Christians don't die. That's right. Christians die here. That's right. Amen. Christians die here. That's right. They don't die there. They die here. While you're alive. To me, that's the whole paradox. That's the whole secret. The whole secret was that there was a man come down into a womb of a woman with eternal life in his soul. Walked on the face of the earth for 33 years and half one/tenth of the people in the world didn't even know who he was. That's right. And then when he did reveal himself, look what all happened. Now, I'm not saying the church ages. I'm talking about all the denominational junk and ideas and and all that came out of all that. Eternity walked on the face of the earth. Amen. And if you're born again, eternity is walking on the face of the earth. It's just what I said. We keep thinking something's coming, right? We keep thinking that something's going to be yonder. We'll see. So anyway, so you come to a place that that listen, things bother me that I used to do, but I don't yield to them anymore. I used to yield to them. It didn't bother me to go in and buy well I didn't drink beer but other things bothered me and I would go do them willingly not having any reservation I would just go do them right now that don't bother me anymore things come back to your head just spit it out let it go but the new birth is the the real revelation of the new birth is is that this word is starting to come alive and you're starting you say well I hadn't got a revelation in in months Maybe neither have I. Okay. But at least you just keep reading and then all of a sudden one day while you're in this subject something comes. Brother Harris was preaching one night and he said just one word. He wasn't even preaching on predestination. This is how it works with me. He wasn't even preaching but he said the word predestination and went on. And when that word predestination, it was like it was the loudest word he spoke the whole sermon. That's right. Because you know what it was to me and I had never seen it before in my life. I was sitting there watching in the front row where I sat. I was sitting there looking at him and there was a book, brother Louise. A book just opened up like this and it just kept unfolding and there was words written on it but I wasn't f I couldn't read them but I knew what God was doing. He was revealing predestination to me folding unfolding and kept unfolding and it just went right on and just faded on around. That's it. And to me that's to me then the revelation of predestination came. Well, he wasn't even preaching on that subject matter. So that's maybe the same way with you. Maybe it's like I said said before some of you that hadn't been here. You preach an hour and 15 minutes or an hour or hour and a half. You only going to get about 15 minutes. Mhm. But let it be your 15 minutes. Right. Cuz I might get 15 minutes in the first part and you might get 15 in the middle and you might get 15 in the last part. Okay. Let's just be real honest. What did brother Dale preach on last Sunday? And what scripture did he read? You don't know what scripture you read? Were you listening? Sure you were listening. And I'm not being mean. I'm just saying, look, that's right. Cuz somebody brought that to my attention yesterday when we were talking. I asked somebody who where he went last Sunday about what somebody was preaching and he said uh you know he stumbled around but then what happened? It comes back to you. Yeah, that's right. You get it in that subconscious. You think man what am I doing in truth? Have you never felt that way? Am I the only one? Am I the only one? Bob, am I the only one? Brother, you've been around a long time. They some days you go that must not got that wasn't for me or I didn't get it. One of the two you know that just but you know what though somebody comes out and you being a minister now you know you go to places and you see people yeah now looking at the walls and then one person walks out and says I've been thinking on that all week and you answered my question. That was who it was for people. It wasn't for the whole place. It was one person. That's right. What brother Brian say? He went to Chicago, had a 3-day meeting. He told Brother Matson Boz, he said, "I got the person I come for the first night." But we continually had our services. People were healed, saved, filled with the Holy Ghost. That's right. But he went for one person. That's why this is a gentile thing. It's for one person. It's an individual affair with God. So, with these seals, it's the same way. You got to get I can sit here and talk about this and talk about this and talk about this, but you got to pray that God gives you a revelation of what's going on. So, we got the fourth seal real quick and then we'll go. It is the eagle anointing. So, it's going to be the highest, the apex. It's going to be way up here in the clouds, not baby form anymore. It's going to take all these powers together to bring that word of God cuz you can't get a revelation. And now look, you can get an understanding, but you can't get a revelation without the Holy Ghost. That's right. Cuz that word is so hid. So you can get Now what I'm saying, you can get an understanding or a background just like I did with brother Harris. But he said that one word predestination and that opened up all the predestination that I needed to know. You understand what I'm talking about for the time. Yes. But he wasn't preaching on it. So you can, you know, just keep plugging, keep putting it in and then one day something, you know, 6 months from now something will pop up and go, that's why brother Dale said that. Right. That's right. It might be one sentence. That's right. Has it ever happened to you? Come on. It's really It's happened. It's because you know what it is? It's God bringing it to you in the time. I'm going to tell you this one thing and this is so profound. Brother Brown prayed for a woman. You think how the and I'm still working on dimensions. I was working on a little bit last night. You take what's going on that we can't see. Brother Brown prayed for a woman. She didn't get healed that night. Remember, she goes home, she's washing the dishes, she's doing whatever, and all of a sudden, she has this warm feeling come over. Weeks later, this warm feeling comes over. She runs and tells the neighbor, and the neighbor says, "Well, I got my healing, too." You know what brother Brown said about that? He said, "The angel came through the community that night or that day." That's right. Now, come on, people. The angel. Now, why didn't God just heal her right then? He wanted to show us what you and I even in our daily lives, God can come down and just go just give you and it's an angel that comes by. He said that angel came through that community at that time and that's when they got their healing and boy you that's pretty profound. You start thinking about that we ain't alone. We are not alone. God never left us alone. He never will leave us alone. So anyway to me that's wonderful. We think we don't get something all of a sudden. So, it's a pale mix horse. There's a name. And then we're going to take a rapture. Let's go. See you in two weeks. L got the floor next time.
