################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2017-03-19 - 17-0319 - The Feasts of the Lord - Bob Black - Bob Black.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2017-03-19
Title:   17-0319 - The Feasts of the Lord - Bob Black
Speaker: Bob Black
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umRAfrzOqyU
========================================

All right, now we're live. So, we just read, for those watching in, we just read Leviticus chapter 23, which goes over the feast of the Lord that we'll talk about just briefly. I just want to kind of give an overview of of the feasts and why they're important. and and you know also point out that when you when you look at that chapter something like that then it it becomes apparent that that we need some help to understand the things that are written in the Bible. Yes. And a lot of times uh people people get in their minds that they kind of have a a simple conception of what the message is about and what the Bible's about and they begin to get in their minds that they can just figure it out on their own without any kind of help. Well, when you read something like that and when you begin to go deeper into God's word, it becomes apparent that you needed somebody to guide you along. That's right. And I believe that's uh you know uh Wednesday night we I I kind of read that or or quoted that scripture where it talks about Jesus passing out the loaves and the fishes to the disciples and then they pass it out to the the the food out to the people sitting there hungry. Because what the five-fold ministry, I believe, is is set to do is to take the great big old nuggets of the message. That's kind of hard to sink your teeth into. You bite down on it and it's like, you know, it's it's kind of hard unless you spend a whole lot of time studying and and praying and which, you know, sometimes, you know, going to jobs and things you just don't have time to do. So somebody that can can spend all that time doing the research for you so that you can get the benefit of it and and it helps break down the big chunk the big nugget of the message into easily digestible chunks. That's right. And so I hope that everybody and I'm I'm I'm pretty sure everybody here is in sync with that. But, you know, maybe if you're listening online that and you don't fully grasp the benefit of having somebody to teach you the word, God God uh sent people to as a help. It's it's helpful to have somebody to kind of walk you along. That's right. And um and and so you don't have to do it yourself. Because when you look at Leviticus 23 and and a lot of these a lot of these scriptures, it it is it seems like there's a lot of little things to all the different sacrifices, the different things that they're offering up and all of these things are speaking something that's really fantastic. If you can get a hold of it, if you can get if you can grab a hold of what it's speaking of, then it will build our faith. Now, that's the problem, right? Sometimes it's it seems like it's hard for us to just dive in and get a hold of what God is saying to us in this last day. And of course now people get in their minds that it's not important. It's too deep. It's too it's too complicated. Daniel 70 weeks, the feast of the trumpets, all the different feasts, all the different things that as you go up higher and higher, it becomes it seems like it's almost so hard. And and honestly, sometimes ministers do make it more complicated. Sometimes you maybe ministers are preaching from the book of Ephesians which is a little bit higher when when the people need maybe something out of the out of Corinthians something a little bit lower to try to go down because you know God came down he he came down to make it simple for us when when we were at that ministers meeting there was a brother from Africa speaking there really blessed me. He was talking about how over when you go overseas, the people in these little villages and stuff sometimes need it so simple that they just you can't go over there and and speak to them about um you know the thunders and everything just right off the bat. You got to go down and get way down to their level cuz they can't even they don't understand your language. They don't understand hardly. It's it's got to be real basic. And that's the way God did for us. Kate the great high almost unknowable unfathomable God came down to reveal to us the secrets of the word and simplicity in in stories like you know you you plant a seed in the ground a little mustard seed and it grows up and after a while you see the fruits little story little simple things that that tell great profound stories concepts about God but he did it in simplicity and that's the way the gospel should be preached So, so when you look at all these feast days, what they're really showing, and I'm I'm kind of going to take some time to just look at some quotes and just from a real high level, what's happening is is he's telling the story of what this first slide shows, the former and latter rain. First, there's got to be a planning, and then there's got to be a harvesting. Okay? That's why if you look at all these feasts, there's four of them in the in the in the springtime, the planning time, and three of them in the in the fall, the harvest time. And of course, you know, some say, well, there's also that eighth feast. Because if you look in Leviticus 23 at the very beginning, it it talks about as it begins to run through the seven feasts. Well, there's another one that it mentions that we just we celebrate every week or the Jews did and that was the Sabbath day, the day of rest, right? And of course, now we don't have a particular day. It that is is rest in Christ Jesus. Rest all the time. But but let's let's get our mind on that. The planning and the harvest because that planting and the harvest is a very simple thing that's repeated all through the feast and it's repeated in your life. First you got to hear the word. It's got to be planted that little mustard seed of faith and nothing mixes with and you hang on to it and after a while it bears fruit and and it grows up into a great big tree like like Jesus said. So, let's look at some of these scriptures and we'll just kind of take our time and not try to rush. So, Jeremiah 5:23-24 says, "But this people," I'm just kind of reading some some scriptures in the Old Testament where this thought of the former latter rain was mentioned. But this people hath a revoling and rebellious heart. They were revolted and going. Neither say they in their heart, "Let us now fear the Lord our God that giveth rain, both the former and the latter, in his season." He reserveth unto us the appointed weeks of the harvest. Of the harvest. That's what all these feasts are talking about. God's great harvest where he's trying to get a bride of people that that match the thought in heaven. Now, Jeremiah ain't talking about growing crops. He's comparing. He's trying to get people to see through the simplicity of the gospel that the gospel is just like something simple planting and growing the things that they're used to that the going out in the field and planting seeds and and going through all the all the different things you see in Hosea 6:13 and and this is the scripture that brother Dell's been quoting. Come and let us return unto the Lord for he hath sworn and he will heal us. He hath smitten and he will bind us up. Doesn't that sound like that scripture that Jesus read from in the book of Isaiah? Uh that he's come to declare that the the the day of the acceptable day of the Lord to bind up all those things. After two days will he revive us. In the third day he will raise us up and we shall live in his sight. Then shall we know if we fall on to know the Lord is going forth as prepared as the morning. And she he shall come unto us as the rain as the latter and former rain unto the earth because that's how he comes. He plants and then he harvests. You put the seed in the ground and then the latter rain comes to show you what you got. You got a planting and then well there's what was planted. And that's so important because what's planted is what's going to come up. If if you plant false doctrine, then you're not going to have a a a true birth. That's right. That's why hearing the word is so important, right? And and we're, you know, we're born by the word. We're not born by by dos and don'ts and things. We're not born so many times. You know, I think ministers will almost stand in the door and and put so many rules and regulations that you have to follow and they'll stand in the door not even keeping those own rules and regulations making put heaping burdens upon people. That's right. When when the gospel should be uh that it's not dos and don'ts, but it's a life of Christ lived in you. Amen. To to perform the word. So, you heap you heap all these burdens upon people and that's that's not the goal. That's not the objective. That's not the mystery that was revealed to the Gentiles that was hidden and all those things that Colossians 1:26-27 talks about. It's not just just uh wearing the right clothes and doing the right thing, but it's the word of word of God being born in you and being man manifested in your life. In a resume of the ages, brother said this age started just after the turn of the 20th century and it was to be the age in which the true church would return to being the bride she was at Pentecost. We know that there must of necessity be a return of dynamic power. Now, why what does this have to do with the former and latter reign? In the latter reign, there's there's got to be a planting and there's got to be a harvest where at the end times, you see the return back to the original seed. The believer sensed this in their spirits and began crying to God for a new outpouring such as was in the first century. What seemed to be the answer came as many began to speak in tongues and manifest gifts of the spirit. It was then believed that this was indeed the long awaited restoration. It was not for the latter rain can come only after the former rain which is the spring or teaching rain. The latter rain then is the harvest rain. That sounds very technical. Wonder why we have to know all this kind of stuff because it's the simplicity of the gospel that it's the simplicity of the gospel by which you're born again by hearing the word. and and you know that that goes over so many people's hands cuz you're not born again by by sensations and things. You're not born again by uh screaming and crying and everything. You're born again by a revelation of God's word. You're not even born again because of of of of doing the right thing or whatever by by having the right clothes and the right dress and everything. But it's the word of God being made manifest in you. Amen. He said in Jehovah Gyro we've had a revival. We fuss so much about latter rain. Had movements called latter rain, latter rain, former rain, inner rain, outer rain. I was reading the other day. Do you know what former rain means in the Hebrew word? I can't call it right now. I never wrote it down and skipped my mind. But former former rain, the first rain means a rain of teaching. The second rain is the spirit that comes upon what's been taught and produces the crop. to skip on down. While the church ought to be on fire for God right now, if there had been a word seed swed back there and there would be signs, wonders, miracles, and that church will be together, one heart, one accord, and marching toward Zion for the rapture. What did we do? We had intellectual speeches instead of the word. We had reasoning against the word and everything else. And I know these are things that that many of us know and we're familiar with, but it's good sometimes to just get a little refreshing or reminder what the focus is and what and and what these feasts are all about. The focus of it is is is there's something that had to go down in the ground, right? Something had to in your life, you had to die to your own self. That's right. So that so that the word of God could be born, right? And so these first four these first four uh feasts are talking about something going down something planning something something being planned and then the last three something's raised up and it's time for the combine to come and get that harvest harvest the the word that has be coming to fruition in in uh in 1955 said in the beginning when Pentecost fell it fell on the Jews and the Jewish church died out and the gentile church come in and then all signs and wonders ceased. Now notice that was the former reign. Then the church the Jewish church is returning just in the latter rain when the Holy Spirit is just being poured out again. See how there's so many ways that you can look at a former and latter rain because even in those first four feasts there's a there's a planting. Christ was planted and then the on the day of Pentecost there was the harvest and everything just kind of boom boom boom like that. The first four feasts of the planting of where the church and Christ were planted and then the last three the harvest and everything just kind of moves like that planning the harvest. The spoken word is the original seed. He said someone asked me to repeat that word again in Joel the second chapter Joel 2:28 where he's speaking of the coming of the former and latter rain. The word former is the Hebrew word m o u r e h mo which means teaching. In other words, it'll be a teaching rain and a harvest rain. Now, we've had the teaching rain and we're ready now for the harvest train. You know, the first strain is when you plant the seed that starts your crop growing. Then, just before it matures, there comes another crop. That's what they call a harvest drain. We know what it is. The spring rains and then the rains about June. It makes your crop. Now the rain we find out was the spirit and the rain falls on the just and the unjust. And what's going to come up is what was planted. So if what goes if what was planted was false was corruptible then what's going to come up is not going to be what it should be. That's right. In the believer's position in Christ, he said God's got a time for all things. He's got a time that he has we plant corn. We got a time that we plow corn and at the time we harvest corn. The spring rains come, the drought through the summer, the fall rains, the snows. You just can't say, I'll plant my wheat today and tomorrow and go out and harvest it. Now, let's look at that quote right there because he said the spring rain comes and then there's a drought, some some dry period through the summer and then the fall rains. And that's just the way that the feast days are arranged. I don't know if you can see that, but you got the first four feasts. And then you got uh I believe it's about 3 months right in between there. And then four months after after the uh the the month that the Pentecost occurs in, you've got everything kind of kicking back up again. So you got spring and then a little a little period in the middle there and then fall. You got it. Let me go on to the next one. My slides not working. There we go. Former and latter rain or I mean a resume of the ages. Brother said he is doing as stated in verse 23 by the teaching or former reign. Next will come the harvest rain or rapturing faith. And the spoken word is original seed. He said now what seeds was planted? You cannot get nothing else from it but what seeds that was planted. Can you understand now? It'll be the seeds that's planted. Now the spirit will fall but it'll bring a harvest of the seed that it falls on. Mhm. That and then Paul talking about planting and watering the polished water. Neither is he that planteth anything neither he that waterth but God that giveth an increase. and the signs of his coming. Brother said that's how we have eternal life because we have we was spoken into existence by God not joined into a church but born by the word the original seed that God said let there be and there was that's the way God borns his children today in the womb of their heart with his word and his word takes root and grows right and then there's I put in that quote where brother Ram he was preaching away the first summer he ever preached and his and his pastor came out and told him that was was the rottenest sermon I ever heard. And he said, "Brother Davis, everybody's crying and everything." And he said, "Sure, they cry at funerals and and and births and everything else, but it but it's the word that makes alive. The word quicken, not experiences the word." That's right. So, that's what we're trying to do as ministers is sew the word, plant the word in the ground so that it can it can come forth. That's really I I believe my my personal revelation is the vindication of any minister's ministry is that is that the word is the word's going to be planted and come forth, right? If nothing or in other words, something's going to happen if it's if if you preach away and nobody gets born again, nobody has a change in their life. Well, that's maybe something to be concerned about. But as people get inspired and everything, that's the vindication that the word's going forth and something's happening. That's true. John 12:23-24 he said and Jesus answered them saying the hour has come that the Son of man should be glorified verily verily I say unto you except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die it abideth alone but if it die it bringeth forth much fruit so here we're getting into the those first four feasts because a corn of wheat that's what a corn wheat looks like it had to go down in the ground and be planted it's got to it's got to die and we know that that also types the new birth experience all that outside shell has die and rot away so that life can come forth in the corn in the in from the from the seed. But of course, this plan we're talking about is that that Jesus Christ had to die and be planted in the ground. He was planted down in the ground. And as we were talking about Wednesday night, he broke free from the dust and came up and broke free from the from the shackles of the earth as that stone was rolled away. and and then to to kind of fulfill this whole week of all the uh or this whole first part of all the different feasts which kind of happened all all together there. And I put a chart it helps me to kind of see things visually. So that's I spent a lot of time putting these little charts together so I can get everything kind of arranged in my mind. But look, you got on Nissan 10. If you go back to Leviticus 23 and Exodus 12, I believe it's Jesus came into the into Jerusalem on Nissan 10 wrote in uh because on Nissan 10 it says it says begin preparing the lamb. Get take the lamb and start preparing it. Make sure that it's blemish free. Make sure it's all good. And then and and all these feasts, the first four feasts coincide exactly with what happened with Jesus's the planting of of Jesus Christ, the planting of the church, the harvesting of the church, showing up the first fruits on the on the day of Pentecost, rising from the ground or rising from from death to life on the on the on the day of Pentecost after Jesus had been had been buried. and and we'll go through one of the these one at a time and we got 10 minutes left. But um so you can see everything just kind of fits together and and u I hadn't quite got this. I got a few little extra information in here like how brother Rand talked about that the feast of unleven breads coincides with the seven church ages and different things. So there's a lot of information there. And then going on into the feast of Pentecost where they offer the two load wave loads of two tenth deals. Uh put them on fire, burn them on the day of Pentecost. And you got the 50 and the eight coming together. So the harvest thing is the day of Pentecost. So Joel 2:23:29 says, "Be glad then you children of Israel and rejoice in the Lord your God, for he hath given you the former rain moderately, and he will cause to come down to you the rain and the former rain and the latter rain and the first month." And that's when we we know these this these these first four feasts are in the first month. In in the book of Exodus, it says, "Let this be the first month to you." When they when they uh take the Passover, the first month is when that barley harvest begins. it begins to ripen that that in Nissan they they actually started the month of Nissan on the on the day of the when the barley harvest uh was was coming to ripen and it says and the floor shall be full of wheat and the fat shall overflow with wine and oil that it's all these things speaking of what happened in that first month the the the word that life has been given to the church so that the they're just overflowing with wine and oil and I will restore to you when you read these scriptures, it's it's almost interesting. It can be a little confusing how it's speaking of different things at the same time. Now, we almost jump over to I will res to the end times. I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten, the cankerorm and the caterer and the pommeorm and so on. Then jump down to verse 28. And it shall come to pass afterward that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh. And that's the scripture that Peter quoted on the day of Pentecost. They will pour out my spirit on all flesh. But this is speaking of the of the of the former and latter of the harvest days of the feast days that we're looking at. In Romans 6:45, it says, "For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall also be be in the likeness of his resurrection." So the feast of Pentecost, let's look at that real quick. These are the feasts of the Lord. Leviticus 23:4-5 says, "Even even holy convocations which he shall proclaim in their seasons and the 14th day of the first month that even is the Lord's Passover." And we looked at that chart how they they they had to get that u that lamb prepared on Nissan 10, get it ready all the way down to Nissan 14th. They would sacrifice that lamb on Nissan 14th. And remember in the in the Old Testament, the the Bible times the the evening from evening to evening is a day. So in the evening he sacrifice the lamb and it goes right on to the next day which is the beginning of the feast of unleven bread. So it goes right on in which why a lot of times in the Bible they would refer to the Passover as as as the feast of unleven bread because it just moves right on in. There's not there's not like a break between the feast of unleven bread and the Passover. So, the feast of Pentecost in Exodus 12:3 involves all these things that speak of what Christ did and their liberation from Egypt. I'm sorry y'all can't see that. I'm just y'all just have to listen. [Music] The first thing was that uh they they took every house had their own lamb. So, Exodus 12:3 it says speak and you can if you have a Bible you can read along with me. Exodus 12:3 says, "Speak ye unto all the congregation of Israel, saying, in the 10th day of this month, they shall take to them every man a lamb." There's the 10th day. Get it ready. Just as Jesus wrote into Jerusalem, decided according to the house of their fathers, a lamb for an house. Every house had to have a lamb. This kind of corresponds to Joshua over there in the Old Testament saying, "As for me, and my house, we will serve the Lord." Get that token applied to your own house. Now, now there's something interesting because, you know, we we we don't preach dos and don'ts so much, but as when it comes to your own house, as for me, in my house, we're going to serve the Lord. You know, I expect my my daughters and my kids to d to dress and and and do the right thing because you you apply the token to your own home. You apply the faith to your own home. And as long as you're in my house, abiding in in my house under my rules and everything, then you have a set of rules and things that you have to live by. Even if you don't have the new birth, right? Because the token is applied to my home. and and there's some expectations that go along with that. Uh remember Billy Paul started going out and gambling everything and brother Ren said, "I'm sorry. You can't live under my roof no more." Because he had uh he had a special calling in his life. You uh and and it that just wouldn't work out right. You're applying the token to your home. In Exodus 12:5, it says, "Your lamb shall be without blemish, a male of the first year, just like Jesus was without blemish. And he had to be inspected. He had to be tried by the devil. all those different things just like a true believer has to be has to go through the inspection time and trial by fire. Let me see if there's anything wrong with you. Like the right after the river Jordan, uh the the de he went into the wilderness and the devil was tempted him and everything and all along the like Pilate said, "I find no fault in you." That's right. Inspect inspection time. He had to be inspected. He was found to be without blemish. And I got Oh, oh goodness. I'm trying to hurry. Exodus 12:6. and he shall keep it up until the 14th day of the same month. And the whole assembly of the congregation of Israel shall kill it in the evening. The whole assembly, everybody. And that's that's what happened to all the Israelites, they they killed Jesus. They because their eyes were blind and they didn't see who he really was. And the whole assembly put him up on the cross. The whole assembly of the congregation of Israel shall kill it in the evening. And they shall take of the blood and strike it on the two side post on the upper door post of the houses wherein they shall eat it. Put that blood over the lint of your door. And if the blood ain't there, if the blood can't be seen, in other words, the life of Christ is visible inside of you because you can you can talk a lot. You can you can say a lot of things, but if the if the life is not visible, right? And we know that the revelation produces a life, right? uh you you can have a lot of intellectual understanding or whatever but if it if the life the blood is the life of Christ the life in you visible made manifest right and if the life is not visible then you have no confidence that the death angels will pass. Exodus 12:8 says, "And they shall eat the flesh in that night," which we know is a type of that that communion bread we eat, the he said, "I am the bread of life that came down from heaven." And they had to eat every little bit. And whatever they didn't eat, they burned before the before the next morning. Right? They shall eat the flesh in that night roast with fire and unleaven bread carry right on into the feast of unleaven bread and with bitter herbs they shall eat it eat not of it raw nor soden at all with water but roast with fire his head with his legs and with the pertinence thereof the all the insides every roast it all and eat it all up and anything that's left over you got to burn before the morning and that's a type of how we're supposed to be eating a whole Bible we're not supposed to be picking and choosing right we're supposed to eat all of the word that's been given to us, every last bit. Exodus 12:10, "And ye shall let nothing of it remain until the morning." And Exodus 12:11 says, "And thus shall ye eat it with your loins girded, your shoes on your feet, and your staff in your hand." Because in the Exodus, they were getting ready to be delivered from slavery. They were getting ready to be delivered from bondage. They were going to be liberated. And just in this day, you you're you're moving. Don't stop. Don't don't eat it. eat a little bit and then then get all tired and everything and just and and and cabbage down, but just keep moving on cuz like brother Wayade's been bringing out, the end of the journey is the evidence that everything was all right from beginning with just keep moving on. Exodus 12:12, for I will pass through the land of Egypt this night, and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast, and against all the gods of Egypt, I will execute judgment. So he was our sacrifice to deliver us from bondage. And Exodus 12:13 says, "And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where you are. And when I see the blood, I will pass over you and the plague shall not be upon you." Now remember sometimes we get our in our head and I'll stop right here that the token is just about the new birth. But the token also in this last day is something visible that God can see so that you can take a body change. the token. He said, "How could how could you have full obedience to the word?" When he preached the token after the seals were open, how could you have full obedience to the word, full obedience to all the word entitles you to the token? And in this last day, we've had all of the word open so that the full life of Christ could be made manifest in the church. The son of man revealed again in flesh. And then when he sees that death of the flesh, you won't face death because you don't go in the rapture. Right. All right. Amen. Thank you very much. [Music]
