################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - 25-0406am - Dedication Service (Why Do We Do It) Wade Dale - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   25-0406am - Dedication Service (Why Do We Do It) Wade Dale
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QPK-rwtV8fE
========================================

Oh, I fly away. Oh, I'll I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away in the morning. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Amen. Praise God again that we can come together to worship. I want to just give a little short testimony. Won't take but a minute. Friday night I I started off to the store and when I got to where I was going, the traffic was so heavy I couldn't get around good. So I decided to take a side road. And when I did make the turn to turn around, I hit a curb and bust the tie. And soon as I got back to a safe place, I stopped. A guy came by and said, "Uh, need some help." Yeah. So, he got out and changed his tie for me. Took the Amen. tie off and put the spare on. And then he said, "You you look like you're about 14." I said, "Well, thank you anyway." And he said, "Uh, and I told him the next said the next day is my birthday." We were talking. He said, "Uh, we're here. Take this $10 for your birthday." So, just thank the Lord somebody for so gracious. Amen. Amen. Amen. Remember me in prayer. Amen. We're going to read this morning from Psalm 105 vers 1 through 14. Let us pray. Heavenly Father, we're ever grateful and thankful unto you, Lord, for all that you do, God. You have brought us this far, Lord, and we're going to follow on after you, hold on to your unchanging hand. Lord, you love us and we know that you have given us many things, Lord, that we didn't deserve, but Father, because your love unto us, we ask you this morning to come into the congregation, Lord, touch every heart, Father, stir it, that it may see your blessing, power moving among us. God, we know that this is in late late hour that Satan is raging, but God, you are still loving us and we thank you in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Psalm 105 verses 1-14. Oh, give thanks unto the Lord. Call upon his name. Make known his deeds among the people. Sing unto him, sing songs unto him. Talk ye of all his wondous works. Glory ye in his holy name. Let the heart of them rejoice that seek the Lord. Seek the Lord and his strength. Seek his face ever more. Remember his marvelous works that he has done. His wonders and judgments are his mouth. Oh ye seed of Abraham his servant, ye children of Jacob his chosen. He is the Lord our God. His judgments are in all the earth. He hath remembered his covenant forever, the word which he commanded to a thousand generations. which covenant he made with Abraham, and his oath unto Isaac, and confirmed the same unto Jacob for a law, and to Israel for an everlasting covenant, saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Cana, the lot of your inheritance. Few men in number, yay, very few, and strangers. When they went from one nation to another, from one kingdom to another people, he suffered no man to do them wrong. Yay, he brought Amen. Amen. God bless you. May be seated. Amen. We appreciate that testimony, brother Collie. I tell you, um, Lord, he's a present help in the time of need. Reminded me of the good Samaritan testimony and or the story in the Bible. And um cuz you remember this uh the good Samaritan he helped the person in the time of need then he paid uh gave some money to help him continue to help. So God has people all around us. You just look to him. He knows when you need help and can protect you and bring um who he needs on the scene uh for that. So let's um let's sing that song. The more I surrender. Amen. You know, I don't know if it's just the way the Lord is lead leading this morning, but um the way uh brother Louise again, he's just talking about preeminence. And um I don't know if anyone's noticed years ago, Brother Dell, he he preached on God being preeminent in your life. And there was there's a quote that Brother Brham said in Christ, the mystery of God revealed that sermon. And it was such a um maybe it was just so impactful to the to the people at that time. We put it on the back of the wall back there. And uh maybe sometimes when when you have time just go read that. Um, it it really is what each believer's desire. Each Christian should want is what God is trying to pour into you himself, his will, his mind, his thoughts, his nature, his love, his desires. And uh the more we surrender, we don't have to fight it. A lot of times I'm guilty. We all fight it a lot of times. Um, but when it comes down to it, we just open our heart and say, "Lord, the more I surrender, the lighter my load." We're here for a moment, a vapor, but we're here to do his will. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing this together. Just let this be your prayer this morning. Oh, the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, oh, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. And every day I live, Lord, I love you more. Oh, just sing it to him again. Oh, the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control, the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. And every day I live, Lord, I love you [Music] more. And it gets easier to understand this road I'm traveling down. Oh, no more wering and wondering. I'm standing on solid ground. And I know I'm headed to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love. Oh, just tell him how much you love him this morning. Oh, the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. And the more that I release my cares, Lord, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. And every day I live. Lord, I love you [Music] more. And the problems I had on yesterday are a step in stone to a higher place. The trials that seem so awesome to me are now my better of victory. And I know I'm headed to a future home. And the voice I hear always is his alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Oh, the more that I surrender, the lighter, my Lord. The more that I release my cares, Lord, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. And every day I live. Lord, I love. Let's just all stand and worship him this morning. Oh, more than I the more than I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control. The more that I humble myself, the more you lift me up. And every day I live. Lord, I love you more. [Music] Holy words long reserve for our wall in this world. And they re with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life, words of hope. Oh, it gives me strength. It helps me cope. We're s in this world wherever we roll. The word of God. Oh, thank the Lord. Oh, word of God. Ever true is change in me is change in you. We have come with God and the word of God in part and holy words of our faith is handed down to this age. It came to us through sacrifice. Oh, heed the faithful words of arise. Holy words long preserved. Here our walk in this world and they resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God. Sing it from your heart today. Oh, word of God is ever true. It'll never fail you. It'll never lie. It'll always help you. It's always positive. That's the only thing you can depend on in this world. Oh, let the word is the word of God. Say it to me one more time. Oh, word of God. It's ever true. It's changing me and changing you. And we come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Amen. It'll never fail you. It's always true. Never will lie to you. Always will help you. The only time it doesn't help you is when you don't read it. Hello, somebody. when you don't read it. We can read everything else. As I uh we were talking u last Sunday, you can read all these self-help books you want to. This is the best self-help book there ever was. And it's eternal. It'll give you an eternal quality that them other things can. We like it's okay, Dave Ramsey and all the different ones. That's all right. That's okay. But not the eternal word of God. The eternal word of God will never fail you. It'll never leave you. nor will it forsake you. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to have everybody here. We know we're here for a couple of things. We're here for a dedication service. Also here for a baptism and then also for um something about a birthday. I don't know whose birthday that is, but I think it's my sweethearts. Keep it down. But yesterday we had a good time. Uh y'all go ahead and be seated. We're going to we're going to do this uh at first. But yesterday we had a good time. Uh for those of you that didn't come to the house, uh we had a good time of shooting and and instructions and um we found out that Levi and Jonas will be entering law enforcement and don't ever make them mad cuz they shoot the eyes out of that target. But the instructor was there and he actually helped a lot of people. you can see the people develop into better shooters. And uh we're going to be doing it again uh Lord willing next Sunday afternoon. So at my house at 4:00 next Sunday afternoon, my house at 4:00 and we'll uh we'll have water and and drinks and um you can eat grass or something, chew on chew on a stick. But we had a really good time and we appreciate the uh Mike coming and and helping us out. And some of you have some of you have expressed interest to continue the shooting part. So we'll do that next Sunday 4:00, Lord willing. And we did it yesterday because at 1:00 it's supposed to come thunderstorms. So we weren't going to be able to do that. But we sure do appreciate you. Thank you for uh being here with Brother David last Sunday. uh we were at the Methodist church and and uh spoke to them um for a little while and and had a good time in the Lord there. So, we appreciate the Lord being with us. Also, Brother Daniel Martinez will be speaking for us on Wednesday night. Always good to have brother Daniel here. Like every time he comes, but if he didn't leave, he wouldn't have to be anyway. Yeah. Next Sunday we'll have communion and footwashing. Should be today, but we got all this going on. We'll do it next Sunday. Um, good to see sister Tarcilla here with us today all the way from Kenya, Georgia, the country of Kenya. But good to have her with us and she's going to be with us for a little bit. That's sister uh Anna's mom and sister Rebecca's mom. So good to have them and always good to have Steve and and uh Amy with us and and I forget the young girl's name but she knows who it is. Elbert Hubard said, "God will not look you over for medals, degrees, or diplomas, but for scars." But for scars. The great thing to remember is that though our feelings come and go, God's love does not come and go. It never waivers. Our faith waivers. Our love waivers. But God's love is eternal. And he can't change his mind. If he ever loved you before the foundation of the world, he still loves you. There's not a day in the world that God's not going to love you. There's days in the there's times that we think he's gone and left us, but it's just child training. It's just helping us to grow up and not be a spoiled child, not be a spoiled brat. So, as we get started today, we're going to speak actually on a dedication service. why we do it. A lot of times we have these these things and sometimes they become rituals, but they're not rituals. They're for a Christian to be a whole Christian. There's things we have to do that are different from the world. Okay? We believe in the Bible. We believe in scripture. We believe that Jesus Christ was the son of God. We believe that he is God, was God, and always will be God. And we believe also in baby dedications. We do not believe in ba baby baptism. And I'll cover that today where the word of God tells us that in just a few minutes. So, if they'll come on up, we will uh we'll dedicate our little one. Um family, all the family, come on up and we will uh are you going to be able to pull that up on the screen with me plugged in? Just come on up. Yeah, I will. I will. All right. All right. So, this is the newest addition to the family and we sure do appreciate them. Let's go ahead and sing. Bring them in before we get started. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in from the field of sin. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little ones to [Music] Jesus. Amen. Well, we got up on the screen here. This is uh Which one is that? Is that Hudson? That's u dad dedicating Hudson. And then dad dedicating. That was one of the last ones he dedicated um before he passed away. So, um, that's little. Where'd she go? Pooky, where you? Oh, you got your little blankie. We love them and appreciate them. Good to have you here. Good to have you here to uh to do this. And uh, if you can see this, I'll put the camera on it. That my mom made this dress. No. Who made it? Nobody made it. Abby wore it. Anna wore it. You believe that? How many? 50 something years a boy. Uh, okay. And Abby wore it. Okay. What now? H the what? Yeah, I know. That's what I said. Yeah, that's what I said. That's Poke and that's um Hudson. And they've all grown up. Let me have a baby. Okay, it's okay. This is Emerson Dean Dale and we're going to dedicate her to the Lord and then um today we'll sit down and we will um go over why we do this. And it's very important and I'll I'll speak some about it. But as brother Dale always said, this baby is is he's she's a Dale, but she's also a member of the church. So you, the church family, living in front of them as well, and that's your commission. We'll talk a little bit about that in just a little bit. So let's bow our heads. Let's give this little baby back to the Lord. To heavenly father, we stand today. Lord, with a child that's so innocent and pure, heart so right, has no evil thought, has no sin. Although she was born in sin, Lord, you made a way when you came and died at Calvary, you died for the little babies. And they don't have a chance maybe to to ask you to forgive them, Lord, until they get older. And father, I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus that you'll we dedicate this little Emerson Dean Dale back to you, Father. We're going to give them back to the family. But Lord, it's not going to end there. Lord, I pray that they'll raise her in the admonition of the Lord and that these things will be done for your honor and glory. Lord, in Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in from the field of sin. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little ones to Jesus. Amen. Let's stand to our feet. We kind of be a little bit out of the norm today. I knew we'd have uh nobody's a visitor, but uh we would just kind of explain some things today. We we're going to explain a little bit to with uh again about water baptism because we're going to have a baptismal service. Brother Joseph's going to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. But we'll talk today a little bit about why we do these things. We don't do them, you know, um nothing against Catholic doc, Catholic doctrine or anything else. It's just that when they come and bring a ritual, that just becomes a ritual and you just you just do the you know, you just do the thing. I u I don't like programs. Um there is a method of worship, but it should be the leading of the Lord, not the leading of a piece of paper. And I know we do have to have structure here. We do have to have certain songs that we need to sing and all these things. But if the spirit of the Lord has our me has our song leaders to go in a different direction, then remember he's perfect. We're not. So if he comes on the scene and changes something, even a sermon, praise God for that. That means he's among us. He's doing the work and somebody needs it. All right. So let's go to Matthew 19:E13 and let's start there. All minds clear. Just remember the announcements um that we'll have a baptismal service immediately following this service. We'll go down to the baptismal pool and then we'll have a um a birthday uh celebration for Jim. She's her birthday's on the 10th. You heard Ryan say that, but we're going to do it today. And uh then next Sunday we'll have foot wash and communion and then we'll shoot my house up. As Ryan said, they kept they kept shooting yesterday and they kept banging it off of the um the wires where the not where the cows are, but you know, barb wire. Finally, they they broke it in half. So that's good. You got to destroy something when you start shooting. I mean, it's just just the way it is. So, but you're all invited if uh next Sunday uh just remember if you've already done it, then probably you won't get to shoot, but you can stand in the background and we can just have some good fellowship. So, Matthew 19:13, let's bow our heads. Lord, forgive us of our sins and many mistakes. First off, Lord, cleanse us. Lord, let us be as you're going to tell us. Let us be as that little child. Lord, be innocent and Lord, be available. make oursel available, Lord, for you to come on the scene, Lord, and speak to each and every heart here, Lord. That's the purpose of us coming, not just to sit here and look over at each other and and and all and even look up here, Lord, but to hear your voice and let it be the word of God spoken by lips of clay, but it may it come from your very thought that you had before the foundation of the world. Father, forgive us, Lord, if we say something maybe that somebody don't like, but we sure appreciate everybody being here. We appreciate the ones, Lord. Bless the ones that are sick. Brother Bob, Lord, being down at uh checking on his grandbaby visit for the first time there in South Carolina. Lord, I pray that you give them traveling mercies. Be with each one that's not here, Lord. Father, I pray that you'd bless us now in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. Matthew 19:13. Then there were brought unto him little children. This is talking about Jesus now. That he should put his hands on them and pray. And the disciples rebuked them. But Jesus said, "Suffer little children and forbid them not to come unto me, for of such is the kingdom of heaven." And he laid his hands on them and departed. Then you may be seated. The Lord had his blessing. We'll go again to Matthew 18:1. try not to be uh and they went some of them that went with me to the Methodist church last Sunday, I told them, "Forget it. I wasn't just going to preach 35 minutes ever again." So, but anyway, don't get used to it. Matthew 18:1 says, "At the same time, the disciples came unto Jesus came disciples to Jesus saying, "Who is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven?" And Jesus called a little child unto him and set him in the midst of them and said, "Boy, oh my, could you imagine if that child knew what he was what what was going on? If that little child realized that he was he was standing in the hands of the creator, standing in the hands of the one that was going to save his soul when he got older." Wow. Jesus called the little child and said unto him, set him in front of him and said, "Verily I say unto you, except you be converted." Now watch. Except you be converted and become as a little child, you shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven. Who so therefore shall humble himself as a little child. Now that includes all us old ones, humble oursel as a little child, the same as the greatest in the kingdom of heaven. Now watch. And who so shall receive one such little child? Now look, he said in my name receiveth me. But whosoever shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged around his neck and he were drowned in the depths of the sea. Amen. That's pretty real. That's Jesus talking. That ain't that ain't an interpretation. That's exactly what he said. He said it'd be better what? for a millstone to be hanged around the person's neck and they remember Job even said one time he said oh I wish I wasn't even born I just wished I wasn't born that all these things are going on but you know what Job got a revelation one day though and he said I know that my redeemer liveth and he said in the last days I'll stand on this earth and in my flesh I shall see God so what a great thing Technology is not. So anyway, let's stand. We'll dismiss. I just Well, you know, Anderson was back there trying to help me with the uh the printer a minute ago and and uh he just unplugged it. plugged it back in, started working. So before you call a technician at hundred and something dollars an hour, unplug the thing and then plug it right back in. All right, give it a minute to boot up and then plug it back in because that's probably going to be your biggest problem. So now here we go. So now we look and we see that that we've had a baby dedication. And the way I want you to look at this, I want you to see that as dad's always said that we dedicate babies here and give them to the parents obviously, but we also give them to each one of us to live it before them. Now, you can say what you will, but a true Christian does not act like the world. A true Christian is separate from the world. Jesus was separate from the world. Listen, they hated him. They hated their very savior because he was not normal. He wasn't of their quality. But he was a creator of the world and they missed it. Could we be missing it now because of our ideas? Could we be missing it because of our doctrinal issues that as I was telling some of the the Methodists, you know, they they sprinkle. And I said, "Your founder didn't do that. I didn't tell them from the pull pit. I just told a couple guys there. I said, "Your founder did not sprinkle." John Wesley believed in water baptismo. Amen. Is everybody with me? So who who so who told them they could do that? There's only two forces in this world. God and the devil. God can't lie. God can't change his word. So you figure out who the other guy was. And we'll talk about that in just a minute. But the dedication part, I was thinking yesterday of all the and I I was part of it myself. We come and brought Josh and Hannah basically the same way here to be dedicated and then sadly we didn't live the life in front of them. Sadly we've dedicated many people here. Many children have been dedicated here and their parents not show up again. Now the kid's not going to be held responsible, innocent, don't have a bad thought, can't sin like you and I can sin because we know better. They don't know better. Not until they get to the age of accountability, to the age where they know that they're doing something wrong. They know they're sinning. and they know they're doing something against or contrary to the word of God. But here I want to tell you that if we're commissioned to do that, then until you get yourself right, how you going to expect the kid to be right? I'm just going to preach family today. Is that all right? Because I want to tell you about a a woman here in the Bible. I want you to see and it's it's it's kind of strange that her name was Hannah and that was my grandma's name and she had a son in her old name old age named Samuel and that was dad's name was Samuel and granny was 42 when dad was born I think his dad was in his 60s so um let's look at 1st Samuel 1 verse one and let's look and see what kind of dedication we've we have as Christians now not as Christians remember the Jesus said who believe in my name who believe in me. All right? So, if you don't believe that the Lord Jesus Christ is your savior, how you going to get your kids to do the same thing? And we've seen many times before now, not here, but in the denominational world, they'll drop the kids off to Sunday school and then mom and dad goes and, you know, does whatever the they're just that's just a babysitter for them because when they get back home, they're going to hear the cussing, the swearing, the I ain't going to church and I don't love you no more. And you understand what I'm saying? I want I hope you do because when we dedicate a baby, it's not just we put them in a we put them in a capsule and say, "Well, they're taken care of, but I'm going to go live anyway I want to." Then you then you fuss at the kids. I've already always told you, and I know we don't believe in Santa Claus here, but uh we don't beat him up about it. We just tell them the truth that there's a man that'll save your soul, not give you a gift and his name's the Lord Jesus and he don't wear a red suit. But how many of you don't raise your hand cuz it'll be 100%. Taught your kids there was a Santa Claus at about 5 years old, four years old, three years old. I know some of you didn't. But you still got caught into that influence. You lied to them. And you expect them to tell the truth. You whipped them for lying. Somebody ought to have whipped you. I'm going to preach anyway. But it's the truth. That's why and and the whole pretense of this sermon is that is we're not going to just This is an event. This was an event this morning and we looked back on the events and we look look back on the pictures that we we pull up and and certain ones that are being dedicated you never see them again. Well, what have we dedicated? We've dedicated them to the Lord but dedicated you to raise them parents and then for us as a church. But now us as a church, we're not obligated to help you raise your kid if you don't bring it to church. We're not obligated to go in your home and try to change your home. You got to change your home. The first home you got to change is this one. You got to change this home first. When you change this home, the kids will see a difference. So, there was a lady, her name was Hannah. Let's read about her story here real quick. Now there was a certain man of you can pronounce that of Mount Ephereim and his name was Elcana and the son of Jehoam the son of Elahu the son of Tou the son of Ze and Ephriotite and he had two wives the name of one was Hannah name of the other was Penaniah and Penaniah had children but Hannah had no children and this man went up out of his city yearly to worship and sacrifice to the Lord. Remember what did he do? He did the things he was supposed to do. He did all the sacrifices back then. There was no Lord Jesus Christ as as a savior yet. They looked to Jehovah, somebody they didn't understand a lot of the times, but they understood that Moses saw him and they had a law and they lived under that law. And as long as they made sacrifices, everything was okay. But remember, the ultimate sacrifice had not been made yet. All right? The Lord Jesus had not died. And this man went out of his city to worship and to sacrifice unto the Lord of hosts in Shiloh. And the two sons of Eli, Hopnne and Phineas, the priest of the Lord were there. When the time was that Elen offered, he gave to Panih his wife, and to all her sons and daughters portions. Now watch. But unto Hannah he gave a worthy portion, for he loved Hannah. It didn't change that she didn't have children yet. He still loved her. What am I saying is you got to bring love into your family first. You got to bring the love of husband and wife in first into your family. Make your sacrifices. Do your daily offerings. I'm talking about your daily offering. But unto Hannah he gave a worthy portion for he loved Hannah. But the Lord had shut up her womb. And her adversary, now watch, also provoked her sore for to make her fret because the Lord had shut up her womb. You and I have to live so that the world can tell we're different. The Bible compels us. The Lord Jesus compels us. Everything in scripture compels us to live different and look different and act different from the world. Everybody with me? My granddaughter slipped in the door. Is that Ellie with you? Hey Ellie, God bless you. You missed a dedication. But we're compelled to be different. So, so a baby dedication to me is different than just somebody bringing them up and like they do in different places. Even the Methodist church, they have a christening or a sprinkling of the water on the on the baby's head. But that's not according to scripture. There is no scripture that says you're you're not supposed to baptize them. But the only thing was is the disciples were getting a little ill with Jesus and or the people because the children were running around. Dad's always said, and I say 100%. Kids crying, kids going out with their parents to use the bathroom or to eat a little bite of something. Oh, for those of you that went last Sunday, we are not bringing donuts into this sanctuary. Ever. This is the house of God. It's not a place that we just come like a lodge. We come here to just sit down and eat and drink in this sanctuary. That's garbage. Sorry. That's the only way those people have been taught though. So that's the way they did it. Um I believe that you need to put on your best, be your best. If you're going to come to church and see God, if you're going to just come to church to see somebody else, then you know, you need to stay home. You can Amen. Thank you. I know this is simple, but sometimes we need to all be kind of reminded of of these things. But it is a place for us to come. Do you know if you walked into a church, church, tabernacle, sanctuary, whatever it was in the Old Testament, if that high priest didn't have on the exact attire, if they weren't covered in oil, if they didn't walk the right way, put on the right, you say, "Well, it don't matter what I wear." Well, if he wore a blue and should have wore red, he died. You know, they tied ropes around the the high priest because they couldn't go in there. But if they if he fell over dead and did something wrong, they could drag him out. If that happened here, how serious are we? That's why we don't have dos and don'ts here. We don't. But the Bible says, "Dress modest. Be different. Women be women, men be men. But if we come in this house, watch it as he did so year by year. So he did it. He come to church. He did his service to God even though as yet Samuel had not been born yet. Everybody with me? Samuel was not born yet because he come through Hannah and God shut her womb up to give you the opportunity to see what's going on today. Word of God ever true. It was written for us. Bible says it was written for our admonition whom the ends of the world have come upon. And he did so year by year. When she went up to the house of the Lord, so she provoked her, therefore she wept and did not eat. In other words, her adversaries were women. So she provoked her, therefore she wept and did not eat. Then said Elcana her husband to her Hannah, "Why weepest thou? And why eatest thou not? And why is thy heart grieved?" Now today as as we we see that have we ever done that before? Have we ever fasted and and just did without something just to try to get before the Lord? And today coming to this dedication service, I want it to be when you leave here, it was a dedication of you, not of so much of the baby because we've sheltered the child. The child has been sheltered in the arms of God until the age of accountability. But most of us sitting here today are past that point several times over, lest we forget our age. But then you and I then now need to dedicate oursel. We've had dedications. We've had rededications. We've dedicated the building again. We've dedicated each other. We've we've had ma marriage renewal vows. And that's good. That's wonderful. I was thinking this morning, how many people I'm just going to preach. How many people stand before they want to do it either in a church or a venue and they want to dress up and they want to stand before a preacher, somebody you're not supposed to lie to. They stand before a preacher and say, "Hey, read these vows. For richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, till death do us part." and five years later they're divorced. Somebody lied. You know what the problem was? They didn't bring that third person in into them into the situation. They didn't bring that third person in. They didn't bring Jesus Christ with them when they come up here or you won't get a divorce. If you have Jesus Christ in your heart, you can't divorce. You might have problems. And the men say and the sisters say they're louder than us. for some silly reason. Reason I'm telling you all this is sometimes we don't take things serious. Sometimes we do not take what we vow. And I'm going to preach on that probably somewhere in the seals. I'm going to preach on Numbers 30, which is a a chapter of nothing but vows. Now remember, as I've said many times before, it's not the intimacy and it's not the the um bodily contact that marries you, right? It's the vow. God looks at your vow. If you sisters vow yourself to a man, you are vowed and just as married. Now, is that not correct or not? You say, "Oh, no, they've not." No, the consummation is not the marriage. And many times sorrowful in this age day and age, they've already cons consummated it. They're just going to do the legal thing. Well, I'm going to preach anyway, but it's true. But when are we going to get back to being pure? All of us. I'm talking about men, too. We always preach on a woman being a virgin. Why can't a man supposed to be one, too? And then you and I as Christians are supposed to be virgin in mind. Remember, we're a chasteed version to Christ. Virgin to Christ. We are a version of Christ. But look at this. Now, here we got a man. He's not thinking a thing about it. He knows Hannah's not con not conceiving and still treats her just the same, but she initiates to the Lord what she wants. So Hannah rose up. No, said Elam her husband to her. Hannah, why weepest thou? And why eatest thou not? And why is thy heart grieved? Listen, she was in sore pain that she didn't have a kid. Have we been in sore pain that we've not birthed Christ in our life? That we've not had let the Holy Ghost live and live out through us? Don't be scared of that ghost. It's holy. It'll make you the same thing. Am not I better to thee than 10 sons. So Hannah rose up after they had eaten in Shallow and after they had drunk. Now Eli the priest. Now here we're bringing a priest in. All right. So Eli the priest sat upon a seat by a post of the temple of the Lord. And she's she was in bitterness of Saul. Listen, she was in travail. She was in tra. Have you ever just been in travail for something? I'm telling you, you better get in travail for your children because I'm going to tell you something. We're at the archage. Everybody with me on that. We're at the arch age. Remember, Noah built it. Noah preached it. But God shut the door. God shut the door. Noah wanted to keep it open so just in case somebody else would come in. But God shut the door and said, "That's enough." We're coming to that time now. She was in bitterness of soul and prayed unto the Lord and wept sore. And she vowed a vow. Now, here we are. She vowed a vow and said, "Oh Lord of hosts, if thou will indeed look on the affliction of thine handmmaid and remember me and not forget thine handmmaid, but will give unto thine handmmaid a manchild." She was pretty specific. A manchild. Then I will give him unto the Lord all the days of his life, and there shall no razor come upon his head. Somebody asked me one time said, "Well, why they got long hair? Why' Jesus have long hair? And why did people have long hair in in the in the Old Testament?" I said, "Well, they took a Nazerite vow. You read about it in the Bible. If you'll act just like Jesus, you can have long hair." Took care of that, didn't it? All right. So, now watch. It came to pass she continued praying. Now, look, she continued to pray. She didn't just have one little 15-second prayer and and went off. No, she kept praying. She kept praying. She kept praying. She wanted that child. You know why she wanted that child? Not for herself. Not for herself. She wanted that child to give that child to God. And she knew if she give it to God, he'd be different. He would be special. He would have an anointing and you know Samuel was a prophet and watch now. Hannah, she spake in her heart. Only her lips moved, but her voice was not heard. Therefore, Eli thought she had been drunken. And Eli said, "How wilt thou be drunken? How long willil thou be drunk? Put away thy wine from thee." He was just looking at the circumstances. And Hannah answered and said, "No, my Lord. I'm a woman of sorrowful spirit. I have drunk neither wine nor strong drink, but I have poured out my soul before God." My soul before God. Count not thine handmade for a daughter of Bell, which was of evil God. For out of the abundance of my complaint and grief have I spoken here too. Then Eli answered and said, "Go in peace, and the God of Israel grant thee thy petition that thou hast asked of him." God grant the petition that you ask. Not your husband, not me as the preacher, but you ask. Whatever the Bible says, whatever you say, if you say to this mountain, not if you ask your preacher to do it for you, if you say to this mountain, be moved, it'll be moved, and don't doubt in your heart. She said, "Let thine handmade find grace in thy sight." So the woman went her way and did eat, and her countenance was no more sad. Listen, she got her portion that she was asking for. She was settled. She didn't have to be sad anymore. She didn't have to go around. She She knew that she was going to have that child. And they rose up in the morning early and worshiped before the Lord and returned and came to their house in Rama. And Elam knew Hannah, her his wife, and the Lord remembered her. Wherefore, it came to pass when the time was come about after Hannah had conceived that she bare a son, and called his name Samuel, saying, "Because I have asked him of the Lord." And the man Elan El Elcanam and all his household went up to offer unto the Lord the yearly sacrifice and his vow. But Hannah went not up, for she said unto her husband, I will not go up until the child be weaned, and then I'll bring him that he may appear before the Lord and there abide forever. So in other words, he's going to be a child, still going to be a child. She's going to wean him, and then she's going to give him to God. Everybody with me? Well, there's a lot to that, but we'll not get into it because I want to get in the rest of it. And Ela and her husband said unto her, "Do what seemth good. Try until you have weaned him. Only the Lord established his work." So the woman abodeed and gave her son suck until she weaned him. All right? And when she had weaned him, she remembered her vow. She didn't just remember it here. She didn't just remember when the preacher said it. She didn't remember it in the temple. She remembered that vow in herself. Everybody with me? She took him up when she had weaned him. She took him up with her. Now [Music] watch, took sacrifices, flour, wine, bulock, she was doing what the word of God told her to do. Even if her husband didn't, she was going to do it. Everybody with me? I know there's many here that live maybe without a husband or or without a wife. And that's tough. I know it's tough. But you put your sufficiency in God. Let God do the work for you. Let God be your husband. He'll be the best one. He'll never fail you. The child was young. They slew a bulock and brought the child to Eli. She said, "Oh my Lord, as thy soul liveth, my Lord, I am the woman that stood by thee here praying unto the Lord. For this child I prayed, and the Lord hath given me my petition, which I ask of him. Therefore also I have lent him to the Lord. As long as he liveth, he shall be lent to the Lord. Now listen, she goes through all that. She travails. You know, she's got to be pregnant nine months. That's still from the beginning of time till now. It never got quicker or longer. It's been nine months. So she had to wait nine months to have this child. She went through the travail of childbirth. All these things that went on that are not written in scripture, but it's in there. When you bear a child, you know how hap what happened, sisters, you absolutely know what happened. If it was up to us to do it, Steve, we'd have one and then be it. There'd be no more. But it wasn't. It was left up to the sisters to do that. And praise God because he honored her and gave her a son in her old age. For this child I prayed, and the Lord hath given my petition which I asked of him. Therefore, therefore also I have lent him to the Lord. As long as he liveth, he shall be lent to the Lord, and he worshiped the Lord there. Samuel was a baby just like the rest of us. But when Samuel grew up, he became a prophet. He became the voice of Israel. If Israel got anything, they got it from Samuel. But because they believe in prophets, they believed in prophets. They believe God spoke to the prophets. Amos 2:9 tells them we okay. Okay. Okay. Can we just wait? For those of you that don't know it, Brother Luis is interpreting for our Spanish brothers and they're we're getting we're getting a tag team here. But we appreciate we appreciate our Spanish speaking brothers and sisters. We appreciate our interpreters. And for those of you that don't know it, we're working on a program to where as I'm speaking here, when it's archived on I mean I mean when it's live stream here, you'll hear his voice in Spanish preaching the same sermon instantly. God's good. He's good to give us brothers and sisters, maybe sisters, too. Sister Christine has to keep us all straight and keep us keep us throttled down and quietened so we don't run away from the uh from the interpreters. But praise God, there'll be one day we won't need an interpreter. We'll all know each other in our own language. Now, let's look at one more situation and then we'll we'll kind of preach for a minute. This is when Jesus was born. There was a man that lived in a temple. He was old. The Bible tells it about what he did, where he was at, and what he was waiting on. So, we're going to read it here. Luke 2:22. And when the day of her purification according to the law of Moses were accomplished, they brought him to Jerusalem to present him to the Lord. Now, this is the baby Jesus. All right? And they had to circumcise him on the eighth day. Everybody with me on that? That was circumcision time. As it is written in the law of the Lord, every male that open the womb shall be called holy to the Lord and to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of the Lord, a pair of turtle doves and two young pigeons. Is everybody with me on that? Went to church, did what the scripture says all the time. Are we listen? You don't have to bring two turtle loves and two pigeons and throw them on the altar over here and let's kill them. That'd be blood, guts, and feathers everywhere. You just got to bring yourself. Bring yourself as an offering. You come and offer yourself to God. The problem is is we want to do like just like Aaron was preaching and we told him there. There's many people in this world that want to be saved from hell. They're scared. But do you want him to be your Lord and Master? Do you want him to be your Lord and Savior, not just your savior? Because to bring it up a notch and for him to become your Lord, he has to become the Lord of your life apart from anything else. to a Christian, he we're we're the very center of God and he's the very center of us. And everything every decision, everything we do should be centered around God. And Zach made a made a vow to have the baby dedicated and they did it. So God will honor it as long as he'll honor God. same way with all of us that lived before him. Behold, there was a man in Jerusalem whose name was Simeon. Now, this old man lived in a temple. He was good, devout, but God spoke to him one day and said, "You'll not die till you see the Lord or the consolation of Israel." And the Holy Ghost was upon him. And it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost that he should not see death before he had seen the Lord's Christ. So what a consolation, don't you think? I mean every even even on the Sabbath day that's one thing you could do if that eighth day fell on the Sabbath day because the Sabbath day you didn't do anything but if that eighth day of circumcision fell on that Saturday you're circumcised. So the temple was always full and here's Simeon and oh praise God that he was led by the Holy Ghost. Why can't we be led like that? Why can't when we come to church that we want to see the Lord's Christ, not see a group of people, not worried about what I'm going to preach, but hope that God speaks to you and helps you. Why waste your time? Cuz if you're not a Christian, you're in time. Time is against all of us. I know we sing that song, I'll not die. Hallelujah. By and by. And I know that's hard for people to see. The graves are full of people that go went to this church, but they're not dead. They're more alive than we are. I'd rather be there than here. You say, "You're crazy." Thank you. But here's a man that devoted his life to see one kid, one baby. Cuz watch what he did. He stood there every day and watched that line go by. Never felt the move of the spirit. Never felt the move of the spirit. Hundreds, thousands of babies, men, babies. He knew that was going to be a manchild. He knew that he was going to be the savior. He had read Isaiah. He had read Jeremiah. He had read all these different things. He had known him as Jehovah. But that wasn't that baby's name. He knew the baby's name wasn't going to be Jehovah cuz I see the Lord's Christ. That's what he said. Won't see death till I see the Lord's Christ. And he came by the spirit into the temple. When the parents brought in the child Jesus to do for him after the custom of the law, then took he him up in his arms. What a time. What a time. I was thinking yesterday, Brother Dutch and Sister April Scott, they become grandparents, had the first grandchild a couple days ago, and I told him, I said, "Listen, buddy, your your your world's changed. You're going to think different, act different. They never make a mistake." I got my grand baby back there, so But they do. Sorry. But think about Simeon. He's getting old. His life's getting ready to be over, but he's promised by God in a revelation by the Old Testament that that child was going to be in the temple going to be born of a virgin. He had heard the rumors and here comes this little virgin in. She was still a virgin. She had not known a man, but she had a baby in her arms. And I'm sure that there was probably a 10-ft gap in front and a 10-ft gap behind her cuz she had a bad name. She had a bad reputation. But yet God sent that baby exactly the way that Isaiah said, "Behold, a virgin shall conceive and give birth to a [Music] manchild." But it didn't bother Simeon because Simeon was led by the Holy Ghost. When are we going to start being led by the Holy Ghost and not by every other ghost there is? Then he took him in his arms. He knew he had seen what he was looking for his whole life. He felt the pull. He felt the anointing. He felt that today that scripture had been fulfilled that he had been living for for years, years. He was an old man. It doesn't say when God revealed that to him, but I'm sure it wasn't just right then because he was waiting for the consolation of Israel. In other words, for Israel to come to their right state. The Messiah had to be on the scene. And he took him up in his arms and blessed God and said,"Lord, now let thy deserv thy servant depart in peace according to thy word, for mine eyes have seen thy salvation." What about a man lived his whole life and brother Donnie one moment defined his whole life, but he had Jesus in his arms. He may not have known exactly what he was doing, but I'll promise you, he knew that that baby was going to grow up and be Isaiah, Jeremiah, and all the prophets. He was going to fulfill the scripture. And he said, "Let me depart in peace." That's what we should be as a Christian. When you meet the Lord, when you hold him in your arms, you say, "I've never done that before. You better try. You better bring him so close till he gets inside of you and lives your life, lives his life through you. And then what are you going to be? A living vessel, holy for my eyes have seen thy salvation. Now, just make a few comments here and then we'll go to we'll go to uh water baptism. Now, look, as we said before, babies have no sin. They were born in sin. We're all born contrary to what God wanted in the per in the first place. All right? But God made a provision. He sent his son. That baby we've been talking about grew up to be a man. And that man died on a cross to save every person. That's what I was preaching last weekend. The very most simple. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son. That love is not the love you have for your parents or your family or your car or your that's a love of God called agape. For God so agape this world. Agape love is not conditional. It is unconditional. It never changes. As I said before, you may have bad days and good days, but God doesn't have a bad day and a good day. We need to start yielding oursel to what's inside of us. Everybody with me? But a baby has no sin. What's it sin for? What's it sin? What's it The process of sinning is what? You got to think it here first. Is that right? You think it here first. This is where sin began. And then it what? It develops down into and all your body does is displays what's inside of you. You can hold it. You can keep it secret every once in a while, but all of a sudden the real you is going to pop up somewhere. And I hope and pray that the real you today has already been dead, killed as we're going to the grave in just a few minutes. We're going to go out there and we're going to put our brother in a grave. But praise God, they put Jesus in a grave, but he's still not he's not there anymore. He resurrected and we're going to resurrect into newness of life. Have you ever listen, the Bible tells us at the very end of this, he said, "Behold, all things have become new." But when you get the new birth that's here, that takes you to that new image that you're heading toward that everybody that's gone on on that other side has met that. They've met that what was inside of them. They just developed into that had to leave the body here because of sin. Because they were born in sin. But the soul is what God's worried about. He's not worried about your body. He's worried about your soul. For God so loved the world so agapeed the world and agape is non conditional. Even your love for your wife is conditional. Oh please. If your wife cooks good, keeps your clothes clean. If if that's filio love. That's where you get the word from the um in Pennsylvania, Philadelphia. It's called the city of brotherly love. Philadelphia or felio love is the love you have for your friends, your brother. And you I love the deer hunt. Well, now what am I talking about at that at this point in my life? That's what I like to do. If I can't do that anymore, I'm going to go and love something else. That's why God's love is unconditional. He can't say, "Oh, oops. I'm sorry, Regina. I didn't see that. She made the biggest boo boo and she I'm gone. She gone. I'm out of here." No. He saw you making mistakes already before the foundation of the world. Before you ever come into human flesh, you made a mistake. But you were in the mind of God in the eternal part. If you have him today in your soul, if that soul inside of you is wanting something more than this stinking world can give you, they can put everybody they want to in the White House. They ain't going to turn this thing around. We are headed for disaster. Don't put your hopes in the stock market. Don't put your hopes in your job. You better put your hopes in Jesus Christ. put him first. Seek ye first the kingdom of God. God, what can I do? What what what what what's in my plan instead of you making the plan? Because remember, we fail, we go in this direction, we go in that direction. God never fails. But the reason we don't baptize or sprinkle babies is this one thing. There's two separate things in Christianity that we look at. One is a dedication and one's a baptism. Everybody with me? They're not the same. There's two different things that we do. You can't intertwine them together and say that we baptized this baby. Well, that per that baby don't need to be baptized again. No, that baby is covered under the sinless part of Jesus Christ dying for it before it reaches the age of accountability. Everybody with me? But see, baptism doesn't make you a Christian. I wished it did. I'd go throw everybody in the lake. I would. If that's all it was was salvation, we just started throwing them in the water. But that's not it. It's an outward expression that God has done something in your life because you were in sin. This baby's not in sin. This baby's being dedicated as something delicate for us to take care of until it reaches a point to where God can deal with that child. With me? But baptism, you can baptism a 100 babies, thousand million babies. That's not what God's talking about. But it's too young to know what baptism is because baptism is not just getting wet. It's an outward expression that something has changed on the inside or is changing or you feel a pull. You feel something different. Prophet tells us a child is too young to be baptized. A baptism is an outward expression that an inward work of grace has been done. In other words, we brought the we brought the kids up here. They didn't say, "Bring me to be dedicated," right? Because they don't know the difference. We as as parents then that's the connection we have. We're going to bring them up here and have them dedicated because they don't have to be baptized. Now when that kid grows up to 7 8 9 10 11 years old whatever it is age of accountability it's all different for others that's up to you and God then you've got to come to a place and said I have sinned and now I want to be different I want to be baptismo or changed from one to another one place to another remember but it doesn't save you but it's there's no way that little Emerson is want to to outwardly express herself. Oh, she's doing it now. But it's uncontrollable. That's why I said I don't have problems with babies. I have problems with adults acting like babies. Why cry? Crying means you need something. You want something. They can't express theirelves, so they cry. But remember, dedication, we're doing it for them, right? Everybody with me? We'll be done here in a second. We're doing it for them. We are We are But now what you're doing is though, you're vowing a vow. Come on. You're vowing a vow that you're going to bring my ch I'm going to bring my child. Give it to the preacher. Preacher gives it back to them. And somewhere in all that we give it to God. But you got to give yourself to God first. Don't try to say, "Well, my my my baby's just my baby's done. She's sealed in. He's sealed in. He's he's good." Yeah, until the day of accountability. But what about you? What about me? I left of my own accord. And usually that means you take your kids with them with you. And for that, I'm sorry. But there's somewhere you got to turn around. Start doing right. Start acting right. Start acting different. That's just one of the things I don't understand is people uh and I even think I've said it in the Methodist church. Christianity is a broad brush nowadays. Everybody with me? You know what I'm talking about. It's a big old broad brush. Well, I'm a Christian. No, I thought the Bible said straight is a way. Narrow is the gate. narrow, a little brush, which means you got to live different than just saying I'm a Christian. As Ryan sitting here in the front, he started in a Christian rock band. May I? He called it Christian rock, but he called it croc. And I was watching one the other day and when you can't tell, I mean, out of their mouth, they're singing gospel songs, but they look just like the rock people that are singing for the devil. There's got to be a separation. Kids, don't get caught in all that. Listen to the words. I said before, I don't mind if you listen to contemporary music. I want you to sing that song here, though, with a pure mind and with a Holy Ghost, not looking like the devil and trying to worship God. It's what I said. I'm a Christian. Have you ever been to church? No, but I'm a Christian. Baptist. I went to church when I was seven. I shook the hand of the preacher. Got my letter. You been back to church yet? No, I ain't been back to church yet. They'll be 50 years old, 60 years old. Listen, you say, "Oh, it happens, folks. I've seen it at funerals." That's not the way this Bible's written. That's not the way Christianity is a walk. It is not a halfime every once in a while a feature. It is your life. So the baptism is an outward expression that something's going on different. You are now professing to the world. Somebody's not bringing you to this. You're inside of you expressing out now what you're wanting to do. You can't keep it inside. Listen. When Simeon felt the move of the Holy Ghost, he went straight to that baby. It pulled him to that child. Why? Because he was looking for that child. Are we looking? That child's not a baby anymore. That child died, grew up, died to save your soul. Are we willing to let him do it? So a baptism is a confession of an inward work of grace. It's been done. A little infant has no knowledge of sin. Therefore, when Jesus died, he died to take away the sin of the world. Because remember, he agapeed the world. He loved the world without condition. You say, "Well, he didn't save everybody." Hold on a minute. Yes, he did. Yes, he did. Or the Bible's wrong. You have a decision to make. He would have saved Judas. He would have saved Adolf Hitler. He even told Cain, he said, "If you'll do like your brother," God spoke to him straight lipped to ear. He said, "If you'll do like your brother," in other words, I'll accept your sacrifice. Why I said we're not a broad brush bunch of Christians. I ain't saying that again. But we're not. When Jesus was baptized, immersed, he went up straight, went out of the water, and lo, the heavens were open, and he saw the spirit of God descending like a dove enlightening on him. We talking about Matthew. And lo, a voice from heaven said, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased." Matthew 28:18. Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, "All power in heaven and earth has been given unto me, me in heaven and in earth." There's three things we're compelled to do as Christians. Go, teach, and baptize. Everybody with me? I got it right there. Go ye therefore comma and teach all nations comma baptizing them in the name. That is not names. That is name. Father's not a name. Son's not a name. Holy Ghost is not a name. I'm going to read you here in a minute. Jehovah's not God's name. It's a title. It's a title to a name. So what's he saying? Go baptize in the name of who you know the father is, who you know the son is, and who you know the holy ghost is. It's the Lord Jesus Christ. Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you. And lo, I'm with you always, even until the end of the world. Name means a word or combination of words by which a person, place, or thing, a body or class or any object of thought is designated, called or known. In other words, designated Aaron Roberts, raise your hand. Aaron Roberts, raise your hand. Aaron Roberts, raise your hand. Oh, there's only one now. Humans, raise your hand. Fathers, raise your hand. Sons, raise your hand. That was a lot. Aaron Roberts, raise your hand. One. One person raised their hand because he's identified with that name is how he's identified. He's a father, he's a son, he's a human. Like all y'all raise, everybody raising their hand, right? But only one Aaron Roberts, raise your hand. Well, it's pretty consistent. Yeah, I know. I know. I was a little slow. I kind of give you a little time in between, but Aaron Roberts, raise your hand. Happens every time. So now in Acts 2:38, Peter said unto them, "Repent and do different than what Jesus said." That's not what he said. Cuz Peter had just received the Holy Ghost which was inside of Jesus speaking to the people. Am I correct? Or you got two or three different Holy Ghost. You got one Holy Ghost. be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sin and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. What a what a promise for the promise unto you and your children and Roberts raise your hand. Okay, see there it can't even trick him because he's identified. You know, you sitting we were sitting the other day and about 1500 people. We were at a um wild game supper and I didn't jump every time a name was It wasn't mine. It wasn't my name. They didn't call my name. They called Aby's They called Abby Grace Roberts and she about melted. I was going to have to give her some She had to stand up in front of 1500 people so they could bring her her prize. But there's not another person in 1500 people. There's not another person stood up that was Abby Grace Roberts. One faith, one Lord, one baptism. Let's continue. Mark 16:15. This is the same version of what Jesus was telling them in Matthew. Go ye into all the world, preach the gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, but he that believeth not shall be damned. John 4:1 when therefore the Lord knew how the Pharisees had heard that Jesus, excuse me, made and baptized more disciples than John, though Jesus himself baptized not but his disciples. So the discip if the disciples had to be baptized, you going to have to be baptized because remember Paul's going to meet a group of people that was preaching and the Holy Ghost fell on them, but immediately what what Paul tell them? You need to go be baptized. Ephesians 3:14, for this cause I bow my knees unto the father of our Lord Jesus Christ, in whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named. Exodus 6:3, I appeared unto Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob by the name of God Almighty, but by my name Jehovah, was I not known to them. Jehovah is not a name, it's a title. Matthew 18:1 19 again I say unto you that if two of you shall agree on earth as touching anything that they shall ask it shall be done for them of my father which is in heaven for where two or three are gathered in my name there I am in the midst of them John 14:13 Now listen let me ask you a question who's he talking about right there Jesus said in my name there I'll be in the midst who who is who he talking about and Roberts he raised his hand when I said in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ or Jesus Christ John 14:13 whatsoever you shall ask in my name that will I do that the father may be glorified in the son if you shall ask anything in my name I will do it Acts 8:12 but when they believe Philip preaching the things concerning the kingdom of God and the name of Jesus Christ. They were baptized, both men and women. Acts 8:14. Now when the apostles were at Jerusalem, heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent Peter and John, who when they were come down, prayed for them that they might receive the Holy Ghost. For as yet he w yet he was fallen upon none of them. Only they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost. There's something connected to that name. Baptism, right name, Holy Ghost. Acts 10 verse 47. Can any man forbid water that these should not be baptized which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we? And he commanded them. This is Pet Paul. And he commanded them to be baptized in the name of the Lord. Then prayed they him to tell you certain days. Acts 19 verse1. This is Paul again. He said unto them unto, "What were you baptized?" And they said unto John. Then Paul said, "Johnly baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people that they should believe on him." Now, who's that him? The Lord Jesus Christ. Not a father, not a son, not a holy ghost. That's not a name. Those are titles. That they should believe on him which should come after him. That is on Christ Jesus. When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. And when Paul laid hands on them, the Holy Ghost came on. It looks like that kind of connects together. And they spake with tongues and prophesied. Let's read this and then we'll close. Musicians, come up. A song and psalm and song at the dedication of the house of David. I will extol thee, oh Lord, for thou hast lifted me up and hast not made my foes to rejoice over me. Oh Lord my God, I cried unto thee and thou hast healed me. Oh Lord, thou hast brought up my soul from the grave. Thou hast kept me alive that I should not go down to the pit. Why? Because he dedicated himself right here. We know he was dedicating the temple, but this is the temple. Sing unto the Lord, oh you saints of his. Give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness. For his anger endureth but a moment, and his favor is life. Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning. Joy cometh in the morning. So, what are we doing here? We're Christians. All right. We have made our confession. We have not made a dedication yet. The dedication was brought here. All right. by the parents. But we're going to go to a baptismal service that our brother has confessed that he wants to show the world that something has changed, that something is different than it was before. We believe in baby dedication. Absolutely. We do it all the time. But I'm telling you, don't make the mistake of thinking that's all you got to do. Let's stand our feet. It's the whole Christian walk is a life. A life. The baptism. The whole family in heaven and earth is named what? The Lord Jesus Christ. Because when I told Aaron to raise his hand, I said, "Aaron Roberts." Now, there might have been there's a couple Rebecca's in here and there's a couple of other people in here that could have raised her hand if I have just said Rebecca raise your hand, but Aaron Roberts is his full name. Not with the other, but we knew who. Did y'all know exactly who I was talking about? If you knew Aaron, you know he's sitting right there. Aaron Roberts, Lord Jesus, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost. we are, which is the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. That's a Catholic doctrine and it's wrong. It's false. The name of the Lord Jesus Christ puts you in a good position to receive the Holy Ghost. For the promises to you and your children, to them that are far off. We've read that many times. You ought to see those people scrambling in the Philippines when we have those mystery expose and and a brother stands up and says, "I'll give you $10,000 if you can show me where anybody was baptized any other way than the name of the Lord, name of the Lord Jesus or Lord Jesus Christ in the Bible. I'll give you $10,000." Well, buddy, $10,000 of a Filipino to us, too. But that's a year salary to them. They tear their Bibles up trying to find it. You can't find it. It ain't there. God does his things right. and he doesn't write the first time. So I take today we're going to go to a watery grave, but I ask you, have you dedicated yourself just as we dedicated this child? Have you dedicated your life, your services, whatever you have, have you dedicated it to the Lord? If you haven't, it's time to do it again. I mean, rededication. We baptized some of you a couple times, maybe some three times. That's okay. But there's somewhere you got to put that stake down and say, "This is it, Satan. I've done everything God told me to do the right way. So back off. Back off. You have that ability to say, "Back off, Satan. I've done everything." But now, if you hadn't, he can stand right there, know your line, and still just keep bothering you and bothering you and bothering you. Listen, never in my life. And my dad didn't do it either. He didn't preach that. You got to be a Christian or you're going straight to hell. Now, if you're not, you're going. But there's grace in there and there's love in there. Know Jesus. Get to know him intimately. If not, there is a devil's hell that's waiting on everybody. I don't care how good you are. I don't care how nice you are to people. There's going to be a lot of nice people in hell. But there's not going to be one person in hell who has Jesus Christ in their soul. Not one. Not one. He's already went to hell for me. He went through a devil's grave. He went through hell for me, but as he resurrected in newness of life. So when we read that out here, that's what's going to happen. We're going to resurrect in newness of life. My dad and brother Tatum and all the different ones, they're not coming back here old. They're coming back here newness of life. But you got to know him here to carry him over there and for him to carry you back here. Oh, what a If you're not a Christian today, I hope you don't sleep until you find that person. I'm talking about not a message, not God sent a prophet. You find Jesus Christ and I'll promise you, he'll point you to the scripture. He'll point you to the truth. He can't because remember, somebody told me one time, God don't make a mistake. I think I say it about every service. God doesn't make a mistake. Never has, never will. And he put all he put everything he thought right [Music] here. Let's sing a song. Just remember yours. When we finish, if you have a needad glad I'm yours, Lord. I'm so glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. So glad you found me and you set me free. [Music] So it's glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours, oh so glad I'm yours. Listen, you're somebody's today. You got to decide whether you're God's or the devil. I still believe in good oldfashioned salvation. I believe in the works of God. I believe the Bible has found and I believe we've been given the truth in this end time. So glad you found me. Have you set He didn't just find you. He set you free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad. Let's do it one more time. Think about it. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. Don't turn that voice down. That voice is trying to tell you, "Come unto me all that are labored and heavy laden, and I'll give you rest." Don't try to get in the way. The problem is we get in the way. Let's look to him. He said, "I am the way. I am the truth. And I am the life." Put all your burdens on him. Quit trying to figure it out. [Music] So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. Amen. God bless you. We're still continue the service. We're just going to continue it downstairs. Everybody knows where the baptismal pool is. We're going to It's raining a little bit. Okay. They said it's supposed to get really bad about 1:00. So, let's just pray that we we're going to head down there now. Everybody just continue down. I'll change clothes and then we'll have the baptismal service. Anybody else wants to be baptized? We got plenty of water, plenty of um of towels and whatever you need. Then remember, when we get finished with that, we'll come back inside and we'll have some cake and ice cream for June's birthday. So let's bow our heads. Lord, thank you so much that you give us an opportunity, Lord, to speak to the purchased possession that you saw before the foundation of the world, they'd be standing here. Lord, I pray that you'd be with each one. Father, Lord, lead our lives, Lord. Be the center of everything we do. Father, be with us now as we continue down, Lord. Just stop the rain for a little while, Lord, so we can have the baptismal service. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed. Followed me and so glad you found me. Oh, and he set me free. I'm so glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad your mercies has followed me. I'm so glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad you are.
