################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-17 - 25-1217 - A Limping Prince - Manuel Valencia - Manuel Valencia - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-17
Title:   25-1217 - A Limping Prince - Manuel Valencia
Speaker: Manuel Valencia
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_-_sp_N-dAs
========================================

Go tell it Oh, cover the hill every day. Tell it all the world that Jesus Christ is born. Our shepherds kept their watching for silent night all throughout the liv Heat. Heat. that Jesus Christ is born. Down in a lonely manger, the humble Christ was born. God sent our salvation. Thy blesses Christmas tell it on the mountain, over the hills and everywhere. Oh, tell it on the mountain that Jesus Christ is born. Go tell it on the mountain, over the hills and everywhere. Go tell it on the mountain that Jesus Christ was born. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Glory. Let's go ahead and sing uh near the cross. Amen. 205. Jesus, keep me near the cross. There's a preious fountain free to all. A healing stream flows from mey's mouth to in the cross. In the cross be my glory ever till my wrath soul shall find rest be on The river near the cross the trail so love and mercy found me there the bride And morning star shed beams around in the cross. In the cross be my glory ever till my wrath soul shall find rest be on the river near the cross. Oh lamb of God. Praise his saints before me. Help me walk from day to day where the shadows are made in the cross. And the cross be my glory ever till my rapure soul shall die. Rest beyond the river near the cross I'll walk and wait singer. Till I reach the golden str in the cross In the cross be my glory ever till my wrath sure a soul shall find rest Amen. Let's all stand. We're going to take up the offering. Brother Thomas, could you come this evening? Let's sing us a beautiful Star of Bethlehem, then we're going to change over the service. Amen. Oh beautiful star of Bethlehem, shining a far through shadows in giving a light for those have long have gone and guiding the wise men on their way until the place where Jesus lay. Oh beautiful star of Beleheham, shine on. Oh beautiful star of Beleheham, shine upon us the glory dawn. Oh, give us a light to light the way home to light the way into the land of perfect day. Oh, beautiful star of Bethlehem, shine on. Oh beautiful star, the hope of light, guiding the pilgrim through the night, over the mountain till the break of day and into the light of perfect day. It will give out a lovely rain. Oh beautiful star of Bethlehem, shine on. Oh beautiful star of shine upon him the glory the way into the land of perfect day Oh beautiful star of that I am shine on. Amen. Thank you for this season. Amen. Thank you the Lord. Give me another one. Amen. Pray for my friend and brother Roger Snipes. Very close friend. He's been to uh uh the cheese husband. He he's having to have open heart surgery and he's had one bypass I believe it is. But lift him up be after the first of the year. And I just pray that he has the faith that I had knowing that if he lays you down, he's going to raise you up. And I believe that even that last time, I believe he's going to raise me one more time. Amen. Amen. Change over the service. Holy words blown preserved for our walk in this world be resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life, words of hope. Give us strength and help us in this world where every road. The word of God will guide us. Word of God ever true. Changing me, changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. Holy words of our faith handed down to this age. Give to us through sacrifice. Oh, heed the faithful words of Christ. Holy words preserve for our walk in this world. God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God. Word of God ever true. Changing me, changing you. We have come with open arms to let the word of God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. God bless you all. While we're standing, we're going to continue singing um that on cloudy day song. If you can help me, sister. Oh, they tell me of a home far beyond the sky. Oh, they tell me of a home far away. Oh, they tell me of a home where no storm clouds rise. They tell me on cloudy, cloudy day. Oh, the land of cloudless days. Oh, the land of an uncloudy sky. Oh, they tell me of home where my friends have gone. The people that tell me of an all cloudy day. Oh, they tell me of a home where my friends have gone. Oh, they tell me of the land far away where the tree of life in it eternal blue shades its fragrance through the cloudy day. Come on now. Oh y the land of an on cloudless day. Thank you father. Oh, the land on cloudy sky. Oh, they tell me of home where no storm clouds rise. For now, they tell me on that long cloudy day. Oh, they tell me of a king in his beauty there. And they tell me that my eyes shall behold where he sits on the throne that is wider than snow. In that city that is made of gold. Oh the land of a countless day. Oh, the land of long cloudy day. Oh, they tell me alone where no strong clouds rise. Oh, they tell me of an cloudy day. Oh, they tell me that his smile on his children there and his smile drives their sorrow away. And they tell me that no tears ever come again in that lovely land of warm cloudy days. Oh the land of a cloudless day. Oh the land of an uncloudy sky. Oh tell me. Praise the Lord. God bless you all. Thank you. Thank you so much, brothers. If you have your Bibles, you can go to Genesis 32. Praise the Lord. We'll be in uh verses 24 and 25 to start off with. Thank you, brother. God bless you all musicians. My what an atmosphere, brothers. Thank you so much for coming in and bringing your liquor fire and helping create an atmosphere for God's word to be imparting at us. Amen. Today title we have a a limping prince. A limping prince. And in Genesis Genesis um 32 24 and 25. And we have a subtitle wrestling with the angel of the Lord. Amen. So here's Genesis 32. Let me go back to my scripture. Here's a minute here. Let me pull that up from here. All right. So, in Genesis 32, we have, "And Jacob was left alone, and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day." And when he saw the angel that he prevailed not against him Jacob, he touched the hollow of his thigh. And the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of joint as he wrestled with him. Amen. You may uh have your seats. Heavenly Father, we ask that you bless this service, that you would continue to bless the word that would unfold to us. I pray so much, Father, that these special uh words of life will will bring uh exactly what you call them out to bring, Father, to bring forth life. We thank you for it. And I just ask, Father, that our eyes will be clearly open and our ears clearly uh father receive the the distinct message that you have for us in this age. I pray in the precious and the mighty name of our Lord and our Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. So going back to Genesis 32 and:es 22- 23 we have here this is Jacob now and he rose up that night and took his two wives and his two woman servants. Now note this and his 11 sons. So ask yourselves who was there? If I do my math right I believe there was a Joseph there. If you look back in Genesis 30, we find out that Joseph was born. Joseph was already born at this time. So, think about it. Put that into perspective. The lineage was already there, but there still had to be a a wrestle that had to happen before um he wrestled. Joseph was already on the scene, not through Esau. Isn't that amazing? and passed over the Fort Habock, which is an area around Jordan as I studied it. And he took them and sent them over the brook. We'll find out that it's Jordan, and sent them over that sent and sent over that he had. We'll find out later that he sent over all that he had with them. And Jacob was left, excuse me, this is that verse went in there. And yeah, and Jacob was left alone. So that was the prefix of what happened. And there in that position when we're all by ourselves when uh we'll find out what had happened before there wrestled the man. Notice how it starts that the man wrestled with Jacob first with him until the breaking of the day. And when he saw that he prevailed not against him, against Jacob, he touched the hollow of his thigh, and the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of joint as he wrestled with him. Notice this. And he said, Let me go, for the day breakth. And he said, I will not let thee go except thou bless me. And he sent unto him and excuse me, he said unto him, What is thy name? The angel asked him, "What is thy name?" And he said, "Deceiver, Jacob." His old identity, right? Sir Planter. Jacob is my name. So notice this is a fight about a name. This is a fight about a blessing. This is a fight about a birthwight, birthright. And notice what the meaning here is be about names. What is thy name? And he said, "Jacob." And he said, "Thy name," he couldn't find that name in the book. He said, "Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel. For as a prince has thou power with God and with man, and has prevailed," past tense, a man, all that came with Israel. And Jacob asked him and said, "Tell me, I pray thee, thy name. Reveal to me thy name, oh angel of the Lord. Wherefore is it that thou dost ask after my name?" And there's silence. There's quiet. It's a personal revelation to to you personally of Jesus Christ. and he blessed him there under that situation, under that circumstance, under that visitation, under that night, under that break of day. Amen. All these things have a symbol, brother. And this is what we're going to hone in. So, have your Bibles there on Genesis 32. We won't be jumping all over the place. It will be talking about what happened before that, what happened after that, and all that it means. I remember the first time I read this concept of a man wrestling. And now here it starts by saying a man wrestled with the Jacob and then we find out later that it it was more than a man, right? And in verse 30 and Jacob called the name of the place Pineel, he had a name change. This is all about names here. For I have seen God face to face and my life is preserved. Th this is something really significant that happened to Jacob. And as he passed over Penuel, different pronunciation there know that the sun rose the s rises over you upon him and he halted upon his thigh. started um walking different. Therefore, the children of Israel eat not the senu which shrank which is upon the hollow of the thigh unto this day because he the angel touched the hollow of Jacob's thigh in the s in the senu that shrank. So not note this. Jacob deceived Esau. Then look at the progression. Then we have he is then deceived by Laban his father-in-law 10 times. He's changed his wages. He had to work seven years for one. Gave him the wrong one. He worked another seven years. Work another six years for his cattle. So 20 years 20 years he he took 20 years to be deceived himself so that he can uh think on his ways. Then he flees from deceit. He turns away from deceit from Laban. Now Laban comes after him and they make a deal. They they raise a a place and they say okay you stay over here. I stay over here. Then something interesting happened is Esau, excuse me, Jacob, he calls on on God. And we'll see it here in in the scriptures. He repents from deceiving Esau. So then he seeks forgiveness for for deceiving. He he asks for forgiveness. And um notice here uh going this is going back to the same chapter in verse six. And the messengers that Jacob had sent out returned to Jacob, saying, "We came to thy brother Esau." You know what it represents. And he also cometh to meet thee. Your past is after you, your your sin, your deceit, the effects of the deceit, and whom you deceit come after thee. And 400 men with him. His path was attacking him. He his whole life was before him. his name. That's who he was. So then Jacob was greatly afraid and distressed. And I believe that's the position that that we have to go through to be able to not want our life anymore. And he divided the people that was with him. So his people he look at this what happened. and the flocks and the herds and the camels into two bands. Look at all that is going on behind the scenes. So, and and said verse eight, and said if Esau, this is him, right? If Esau come to me the one company and smite it, then the other company which is left shall escape. So, this was serious business. This is not just like I'm having a little trouble, you know, here here and there. This is his life's struggle. This is his past coming to haunt him. So then and Jacob in verse 9 said, "Oh God of my father Abraham and God of my father Isaac, the Lord which saith unto me," he started meditating on his ways, "Return unto thy country and to thy kindred, and I will deal with well with thee. I am not worthy." See, he's still talking to him, right? He's still calling on God. I am not worthy of the least of all thy mercies and of all the truth. No longer deceit, which thou hast showed me assured unto thy servant. For with my staff I passed over this Jordan. Isn't that an interesting illustration there? And now I am become become two bands. But look what he prays. Deliver me I pray thee from the hand of my path, my brother, my my old nature, from the hand of Esau. For I fear him lest he will come and smite me and my and the mother of with the children. So notice the background here of what had happened before he goes in into that night. As I thought of my ways, brother Bandom says, "There might be many in here tonight is thinking about going home. Old age is catching up with you. Sickness has caught you in a grip. Better think on your ways before you get there." And as Jacob on his way on his way with his wife and his children and heard, excuse me, and heard he heard a message coming that Esau with a great army. There was 400 men was coming to meet him and he began to think on his ways the way he had done Esau. cheated him and it drove him to prayer all night long. He wrestled with that angel of the Lord. And I trust tonight that man and woman, boys and girls, boys and girls who has neglected the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So see what we're after here. You don't know how near you are to home. I trust you'll put purpose in your heart that you will wrestle with the angel of the Lord and not let go until you're blessed, until it happens, until what Jacob needed, what we need happens. And it's relating here to not neglecting the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. So keep that in mind. So talk about a name change here just briefly. So in Revelations uh 21:17 uh we have uh we'll come back to this here in a minute. So we have Adam, right? He called his name Eve because it was the woman, the woman, the woman. But he calls his name Eve because she was the mother of all living. Just what comes along with names. We see Abraham in the Old Testament, Abraham being Abraham, Sarai being Sarah, Jacob being Israel, prince with God. Just a few examples. In the New Testament, we see Saul, Paul, Simon becoming, you know, a rock, Peter or Sephus. But look at this in Revelations 21:17. White stone with a new name in it given to the overcomer. And now it reads says, "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. To him that overcomemeth will I give to eat of the hidden mana and will give him a white stone of revelation. Right? And in that stone a new name written which no man knoweth except or saving he that receiveth it. It's a personal revelation of Jesus Christ to you to me personally. Amen. So the birthright I I had a question about the birth right and this is was just burning on my heart and I said so when did it happen? We know what happened with Esau and and and the red pes and the lentils and and so forth when when the transaction happened. But is that really when he received it? In other words, I have a question for you. Did Jacob receive the birthright by deceit? which is uh that's that's the flesh, right? That's a fruit of the flesh. So, I was really meditating on that. It was just really pondering about it because, you know, we know that they sold the they did the transaction. They did a deal. It's like, "Oh, you're about to die. So, what do you need it for?" You know, I got some red pottage and here we go. Did he really Did he Was he really changed then? Or did it You see the question there? Something did happen. He he went after it. It showed a desire that he had in his heart since he was a baby, right? He was after the heal. And it's we got to be careful not to uh look for good things in the wrong way, in the wrong approach. It's good to be blessed. It's good to be a saved, be walking sanctification, receive the baptism of Holy Ghost, but it's got to come God's provided way. Or did the birthright come by repenting, believing, wrestling, receiving a new name, receiving the consequence in himself, the touch, you know, um the the consequence that now is affecting his life forever. How he walks, thinks and goes about the the real change, right? that night, that breaking of the day. In Genesis 25, we see, "And Esau said to Jacob, feed me, I pray thee, with that same bread pottage, for I am faint." Now, he had a name changed, too. Therefore, was his name called Edom. Faint is pretty near like a death word. You'll find out that he himself said it. And Jacob said, "Sell me this day thy birthright." And Esau said, "Behold, I am at the point to die." And what did um and it says, "And what profit shall this birthright do to me?" So he said, "I'm Edom. I'm about to die. I'm faint." Apparently, every time they say a name, they usually when they say because of this, there therefore was his name called Edom because he said, "I'm I'm faint." It describes the name. Now notice here there's three events really I just came to it just came to me actually the one I was missing because because I I knew that um the wrestling had a lot more to do with this blessing. Right. But in here in here it's not a whole lot of deceit that happened here. He's basically one's despising it the other one's just taking advantage of it. But of course when the deceit happened was when the mother got together and he wanted to get the blessing from the father in the in the carnal way. Now that was the seed right there. So see the order of events here. And Jacob says sell me this day thy birthright. And Esau said behold I am at the point of to die. I'm Edom, right? I'm faint. And what what prophet shall this birthight birthright do to me? See, no faith, no hope, no aspiration. That's when Abraham, he had hope against hope. I've been there before. I remember um I remember being to the point where I was physically dying, but I was building a house. I was building for the future. I was I was studying for whenever the Lord will help me teach. But I was dying. See, you had to have that. You had to have that little pilot light burning in you at least if you don't have the full fire going on. And and Jacob said that. And then in 33, and Jacob said, "Swear to me this day." And he swear unto him. And he sold his birthright unto Jacob. Then Jacob gave Esau bread and pottage of lentils, and he did eat and drank, and he rose up, and he went his way. He went his own way. Thus, Esau despised his birthright. So, you know, what we find here when when uh when Jacob wrestled with uh the angel of the Lord, so after the blessing came that courage, that purpose. Look at the the definition that he was given for his name. He said because as a prince, you have power with God and man. and had have not noticed that in man. So when when he he basically became someone who was a prince as a prince that who has power with God and man. So he was empowered he he received the power the dunamis right to face your past with divine resolution. It's a thought that came to me that it wasn't when he sold it and it wasn't when he asked the father to bless him, you know, in a deceitful way. He really still had to pay the consequences of that deceit for 20 years. I I wrote it in the Bible. I think it's a verse the chapter before 31 of Genesis. It describes how that went on went on that um he he numbered them. He said 20 years. He said seven plus another seven plus six and and then there was still no letting go and he saw that Laban's uh Laban was coming after him even even more he said that his um his countenance was not the same as it had been before and then here is Esau coming after him all adding up to him all catching up to him. So, Jacob going from a deceiver, sllerter, just carnal, right, to being a prince with God. But it didn't come easy. We're going to walk through this. It didn't come easy. It it it it left a scar on him. It left a mark on him. And we all can identify with that. I remember thinking how supernatural it seems for a man to wrestle with the angel of the Lord. And in the scriptures we found later we find what he says that um that he he when he says give me a minute when he said for I have seen God for I have seen God. So it went saying a man and then for I have seen God and I know brother Random and all the message quotes he he calls it out the angel of the Lord. the angel of the Lord. And here my redeemth leave liveth. He says, "And when and then when Isaac begot Jacob and Jacob died way down in Egypt, way away from his land. He was a crippled man. He walked different what he used to walk because one night now we're going to read about that one night a lot. He come in contact with the angel of God and the Lord touched his hip and made him walk different. He had an evidence. I have an evidence, brothers and sisters. I actually have because God does something and when he uh when he changes your name when he gives you the baptism of the Holy Ghost as we saw and that he had been a hold of God and God had been a hold of him and that's the way you really think about it they exchange names right they talk about Jacob no you're not Jacob you are Israel and let me tell you who I am when I was studying that that kind of opened up to me that he said and he blessed him there. Um when he says, "What's your name? I pray thee." And he just says, "And he blessed him there." He was asking for his name. What do you bless him with? And it says, "And he had an evidence." Uh and that's the way when he's got that evidence, that old hip that he walked on there making him walk straight. Isn't that a paradox? a old cripppid hip that walk on there in the natural but making him walk straight supernaturally with the things of the Lord is a paradox brothers and you know and and that's where it's fitting where brother Vanam said you know that the bride is u is the ones that battle the sick you know the sickness the most the sickest you know body in earth because in one way we're very healthy brothers but in another way you know we we struggle a lot right and that's we we battle a I should say with um with with the consequences, but that's what drove us to to have the courage to to wrestle and and and repent really from our old name and get the new name. That's how it happened. So one side a great boaster a great well what he was really called he was a deceiver. It was called a deceiver. The very word Jacob means deceiver. And when he was on this side, a deceiver. Look at this. A great healthy strong deceiver. How many can remember how, you know, I remember what it was like to be a great healthy strong, you know, sinner, a deceiver. And a lot of times I question myself, it's like, well, how come I was healthier back then? You know, in in in the natural, in the humanity. And it's humbling, brother. It's humbling because at least that's how it came to me is this birthright didn't come cheap to me. It come with a lot of suffering and on the other side a limping prince the title of the sermon that had been with God touched different had that blessing that blessed hope with him within him. He walked different he acted different. He lived different. Now that carnal believer today in this other message, oh, as long as I go to church and do what it's right, and what difference does it make? That's the Esau group. He still makes fun and despises the birthright. He doesn't care for it, but Jacob loved it. Loved it. Loved that birthright. And the spiritual man today, the spiritual woman that's elected, predestinated of God to come to eternal life, if they have to sell everything they got, that's your path, too. Don't you think moneywise? If they had to forsake everything, right? If they had to take their name, listen to this, off of every church book in the nation, they still want that birthright. Hey, I'll take my old name out of anywhere. I don't want my own name, my own deceiver name. It's the only thing that matters to them. Just get that birthright. Get that name change. Get that baptism of the Holy Ghost. That brother Random said, woman, man, boy, girl, do not neglect to receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; He does. And then where we left off? Get the birthright. That's all. Hearing, recognizing, acting on the word of God, the title of the message. No matter how what level they have to come on, if they have to get down at the altar and cry, boohoo, if they have to run through the places and go back, now this one hurts. And go back and make things right. What did Jacob do? He had to go back and and make make things right. You know, after he got sick of being deceived for 20 years, he said, "You know what? This really does affect, you know, on the other end. &gt;&gt; I'm so sorry. I I think I think he had it for 20 years. Now, he said, you know, Esau, I'm sorry I deceived you." And he had to go make things right. And see, but this that group, the Jacob will do this. and sell what they got or give it away everything they have and become a pilgrim and a stranger. It doesn't matter. They want the birthight. That's all they're interested in, the birthight. Now, don't blame them people. They can't help it. They were predestinated to that, elected to it from night to day. So you know I remember actually one physical night when I actually had to do this where I had to work out my own salvation with fear and trembling. I had to make my own calling and election. Sure. I was saved. I had been going through the process of sanctification which is the work of the Holy Ghost too. But I do remember pleading the lower right for the birthright because faith comes by hearing. Hear the word of God. And I was hearing his open book, his message for this day. And it was calling me. It was drawing me as as a magnet. It was a deep calling to a deep &gt;&gt; and and you know, it's coming about you. It's coming to do. And and there's always a there's always uh extremes where people say, you know, you don't have to do anything. All you have to do is surrender. Or some people that say, you know, um you you got to do everything. That's also wrong. But what we we did see here, Jacob had activity going on. Jacob just didn't go and say, "Hey, hey, hey, look, let's go. Let's go duke it out or let's go have a fight with with the angel of the Lord and just, you know, let's go get a blessing." He already had tried it all different ways. So, he had to go through all these things that we saw when he had to go through BDC for 20 years and and all that. He had to have a journey to come to this place where where he was ready for it. But that one night I I remember it myself like physically literally praying through and breaking through all night and and and just not letting go into the break of day and asking the Lord asking the Lord for that blessing. But you know what that night represents too because it's not just one physical literal day too. It it just means your night. It means it means all that you have to go through those 20 years and and and having to be I mean to the point where you had to like leave and flee. But look what he did. He fle I just realized that he fleed him being deceived but he went straight. He went straight to try to make things right in in his past. So you know that the Lord had been orchestrating all that and working through it. Just like Moses, you know, he had to have all those years to take Egypt out. In this case, Jacob had to have those 20 years to get, you know, his own name reflected in the mirror towards him from night to day. Jacob one night, brother Bam speaking in convinced then concerned you know he had left Laban and he had he was on his road over the desire come in his heart to visit his homeland and now we find out that he was afraid he wasn't uh he was afraid to meet his brother. So you see how it happened right quick and he me his brother. So he went down to business before he crossed Jordan and prayed all night and he wrestled with the Lord. Wrestled all night. Oh, he said I will not let you go like that. Hold on to him. Right. Stay all night with him. the 20 years plus whatever it took for him. Stay all night. It could be a literal night too where you have to or day where you have to just go on with the Lord and and make work out your own salvation with fear and trembling and go through what you got to make right and clean your path. And he wrestled with the Lord all night. And the angel said, "It's coming daylight. I must leave." He said, "I'll just not let you go. I want something in me that's different. Look at the desire. Look, he I didn't realize how much Jacob had changed after 20 years of of his own mirror in front of him. I want something in me that'll change me. In me that'll change me. What a picture. And you notice as soon as the Lord blessed him, the blessing that he asked for, he was ready then to cross the river and go see his brother. That's what I was saying is that once you go through this, now you can go face with a divine resolution. your past, &gt;&gt; your old life, your deceitful ways, your everything that I mean, sometimes we we're out there and been in sin so long that you you don't realize how how are you going to how is it all going to work out together for good. It's just too much. You've done too bad, too much for too long, 20 years. Jacob uh he said, "I want something in me that'll change me." And you notice as soon as the Lord blessed him. The blessing that he asked for, he was ready then to cross the river and go see his brother. See why? He wrestled all night. He stayed with He stayed with with God all night long and wrestled with God. Now if he just said, "Hey, leave me alone now. I'm tired." See, now Esau said, "I'm faint. I'm eat. Uh why would I need this? I'm about to die. Remember hope against hope. The blessing would have never come. See, he'd never never been there. See, but he stayed all night. See, he wrestled with him all night, then was ready to go meet his brother the next morning. What a what what a transformation, brother. What a conversion. Uh in Spanish, I like this verse. is Isaiah 8:20 it says to the law and to the testimony and they speak not according to this word it is because there's no light in them now that word no light in them means uh it's because the breaking of day has not dawn upon them you see this happened to Jacob this happened to many of you this happened to me where yeah it was night yeah it was for Jacob 20 years of being deceived so that he could finally come to the place of repentance and genuinely for the same thing. He was being deceived. It wasn't like uh somebody was out there battling or something. No, see how the Lord deals with us. Those things we did, we we got to see the fruits on from the other side. &gt;&gt; And that hurts, brother. I don't know about you, when the Lord deals with you precisely with what you need so that you you can come and be brought genuinely to a place of repentance. Then you don't need mama, daddy, uncle, pastor. Then then then you are ready yourself. When uh that breaker day comes, they were fighting. They're saying, "No, I got to go because it's the break of days. I'm not going to let you go. Give me my blessing to the law and to the testimony." If they speak not according to this word, it is because there's no light in them. It speaks about it as a as a dawn morning light. It's because there's been no break daybreak in in us. In second Peter 1:10 here, we're going to wrap it up here shortly. It says, "Wherefore the rather, brethren, give diligence." I I saw Jacob giving diligence. Uh the Lord and he said suddenly a desire came upon him. You know, he really repented to make your calling and election sure. For if you do these things, you shall never fall. I think you got to give diligence and you got to make your neighbors calling in election sure. It says your calling and election. Sure. Firm. Philippians we find in that very tongue, excuse me, and that every tongue shall confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the Father. Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, worked out your salvation with fear and trembling. That's pretty good fitting to illustration we saw. He took the steps, brother. I mean, of course, it's the Lord that saves us not by works, but by grace and that we're saved by fa faith through Jesus Christ. And but but he did have to go through it. He had to go through repentance. It cannot be a fake repentance. Uh but simply put that you would have not even had an audience with the angel of the Lord for a whole night so that he can tell you who you were and your name and tell you that's not your name anymore. This is your name. Oh, by the way, this is my name. This is my blessing to you. Hallelujah, man. So it says for verse 13, it is God which workketh in you. See this is what happened to Jacob. It is God whose work is in you two things both to will to remember that desire that came upon him and then to do of his good pleasure. That was not at the work of Jacob. That was not a work of a deceiver going out there and asking for forgiveness. That desire he he worked two things. He he he he put a desire on it and then he actually helped them to do his good pleasure. the the faith that was one delivered to the saints. Just the some of these titles, right? Some just the titles alone. But what was the difference with Jacob? Jacob had the recompense to God. Had recompense to God. That birthright. Is that right? A perfect type. Somebody say, "Well, no. Here's a good man. He goes to church. He goes every Sunday. He's a good pay. He He's a good prayer in the church. He belongs to the best church in the city. He educates his children. He does all that's very fine. That's a good citizen. But brother, that has nothing to do with Christianity. Not a thing. You go to church, have your name on every book, every church book there is in Palm Beach or Florida. That's if you're having the wrong name, right? If you're having Jacob in there, it'll never do you one bit of good. Although the preacher can half mass the flag and say you went to heaven, but except you're born again, you're lost. &gt;&gt; The Lamb's Book of Life. Look at that title. Look at Esau and Jacob. Why? Esau was twice as good a good guy as Jacob. Look at that. Esau was twice as good a guy as Jacob. Sure he was. But Jacob had one thing. He had recompense to the reward. He seen that birthight. He counted it. The greatest thing on earth. I was wonder where did he see it? All right. Now, go back a little bit. This is Jacob who is his father. It was not Ismael. So, he's he's seen that battle. He's seen Heard stories. He He knew his dad. He had an example of his father. He had an Isaac. &gt;&gt; He's seen the birthright in action. It came to me earlier this night when I was reading. I was like, "A great thing on earth." He's seen that birthight. Where did he see it? I questioned that. And then Holy Spirit just taught me it's he who is his father Isaac. And then there was Abraham to. So he's seen the struggles. He's seen he's he's heard the testimonies. Now I share a testimony here about someone else actually But it was related to me. And Jacob was mama's boy. Little old testified storyteller. That's what he was. You have to admit it. I mean, the Bible admits, "Bring it. Brings it. Run around doing everything and mama hanging around with mama. But yet Jacob with all his ups and downs, his sisified ways, he still had respect to that birthright. That's the key note. Amen. Esau was twice the gentleman of Jacob. If we had to judge him today to be a member of our church, you would take Esau a thousand to one if you didn't know him. But God took Jacob. What would you do? Excuse me. He says, "What would you do with St. Paul if he wanted to be a minister?" It says here, "A little old hooked nose Jew and his mouth setting sideways going along just fuzzing. And now he's going to tear out the church. He's going to do everything. You thought he had committed the unpardonable sin. But God said he's my servant. What a mystery, brothers. Amen. I mean, these are those things that we just depend as like a get out of jail free card because yet he had to deal treacherously with u with Paul to be able to go through his conversion. He had to have his time where he had to go in shave his head and he had to go through it too. And he went in there and he u separated himself for all that time to to come to terms. I mean he was blinded right for once and the different things that happened to him and then later beaten and all all that. So I mean yeah I mean this the unbeliever is the unbeliever right? the part of you the sin the deceiver part of you we know that you know some of us outwardly have more scars than others but my look at look at the picture here of St. Paul said, "What would you do with him?" But God said, "He's my servant." You would thought he had committed the unpardonable sin. Help us, Lord. As I thought on my ways, when the angel of the Lord touched Jacob, he walked different from there on out. He was a big fine running coward on one side, but a limping prince on the other side of the brook. You walk different, you think different. He wasn't afraid to meet Esau then because he had wrestled with the angel. Think on your ways. What an advice. So we'll summarize here um what we've been teaching. So Jacob deceives and we saw that he well he made the deal and then later on he deceives his father. He said I mean he can you imagine how much thought had to go into that? It's like deliberate. It's like in law, right? they have like when there's an accident or somebody ends up like shooting or or or killing somebody by defense or so they always want to say what the intent was if there was possible intent and there's a big difference if you were just walking around and somebody comes at you and you just shoot at them because you know you felt threatened then when they can prove that you went out to go do that it was an intentional act. He intentionally put on those uh you know fixings to make himself be hairy and smell a certain way and deceive uh his fathers to his face, his father. I mean everyone around his mother and his brother. I mean he deceived he deceived everyone. He is then deceived by Laban. He flees from deceit from Laban after 20 years. Then he calls on God and he repents for deceiving Esau and he seeks for forgiveness for deceiving. But look what happens then. Then he wrestles with the angel of the Lord. He prevails because it says that he prevailed not against him. The angel did not prevail against Jacob. He receives the touch in his thigh. I mean how many how many can remember having a a consequence in your own life? Sometimes in your spiritual in your spirit there's a scar or sometimes physically there's a scar or in your mind there's a scar. And it reminds me of essentially being governed. Like you know the old cars you used to step on the gas and they would just only go to a certain certain amount but they they're governed, right? That's how it feels sometimes. You you you have that still in you if you wrestle the Lord because you had a touch. I don't know everybody's testimony, but I know I'll speak for me and for Jacob here that I remember that and uh I had I have I've had consequences. I have the recompense and it's a general reminder. It's a general reminder. Sometimes it's not general, brother. Come on. Sometimes I mean just have you ever thought about Jacob? Here he comes Jacob and then um the next so he's meeting Esau but this how he's walking you know because maybe it was the next morning and we hadn't talk thought about the fact that he he had he had the touch in in his hip and in his tendon and has shrunk and just think about how it all happened a repented man he's my servant he said about Saul about and that so he prevails he receives receives the touch in his thigh. He then receives his name change which was as a prince. You have power with God and with man. And then he receives the blessing. He says, "You're not Jacob. You're not deceiver. Now you've repented. Now this is your name." And he says, "I pray tell me your name." And he blessed them there. Jesus Christ. Personal revelation to you. Amen. Then he was reconciled. Right? So think about it from a from a staff that he used with Laban in the years of his deceit. Figuratively speaking, he had a staff that he had to go work with, right? And then he said, "By this staff, I cross the river Jordan." &gt;&gt; But then that staff became his walking sticks, brother. Now you have a prince with a cane. It's kind of doing this and and like I love how brother Bandham said it's it's a paradox because he physically he was walking crooked but he said that that old man hip made him walk straight. &gt;&gt; So don't tell me that that that general pain reminder you got or sometimes like I said more than gentle it's a reminder that boy let's keep in line let's keep straight right and I want to share a testimony. I was with um my wife and children. We were at a restaurant and uh in in downtown our town and we were eating breakfast. Everything was fine. It was just a beautiful Saturday morning. We were enjoying our time. All was well. And then at the very end just comes somebody from the back. I hadn't seen him. He just comes back to me, just taps my back and says, "Hey, you have a beautiful family." And then this man looked like in the natural he would have nothing to do with me because he looked like a pretty he looked like a like uh not like me in status of where he's alive and just u he looked like he could have been a a sheriff or just looked completely different than me. And at first I didn't get to see him because he just said, "Hey man, you know, you have a beautiful family." He complimented with such a, you know, with such a love. It wasn't one of those like I'm jealous of you or or he didn't say it with any external motives and he just said you have a beautiful family. And then I felt blessed and he walked around and I started talking to my wife and and I said, "Did you hear? Did you see that guy?" But I could only see very little cuz he just tapped me and goes right along. And then I said, "There's something different about that guy." I told him, "There's something different about that guy." And then he pays, you know, you can the table is right here, so he couldn't see a whole lot of action. And he starts walking over here. And as soon as he comes to my site where he can I can see him walking, he was doing this. And it seemed like a old veteran or old sheriff, old policeman who's walking like that. And he had a a very clear-cut in in in his walk. And I told my it brought me to tears because I told my wife, I knew it. I knew it. you know, character just doesn't come by like that. &gt;&gt; You see, this is a man that was able to recognize a blessing and and and that's because like Jacob, right? He went through those 20 years of being deceived. So then he can be able to say, "Ah, this is what I did to my brother, flee the seed, fled Laban, and went straight." And that night it said when he just heard that now Esau's coming. That night is when he made it right with the Lord. And again, it wasn't when he gave him the red pottage that he received the birthright. That's when he made that transaction, right? And Jake, that's when Jacob uh that's when Esau despised it. And he said his own he had another name. He said, "I'm Edom. You I'm faint. That's my name. Uh why would I need it? I'm about to die. No hope against hope." And and it went from there to then he outrightly deceived his dad, his father, you know, asking for the blessing, but that didn't give him a birthight either. He went straight to go work for 20 years and be deceived. Then he was in a position to ask for forgiveness. Then he called on the Lord that night. Then he was blessed of the Lord um with Israel. Remember he had his 11 children. They said it. So Joseph was already on the scene. That that to me struck me when he says he took his two wives, his two woman servants and 11 sons. Sons. Amen. So he was already working in the background. And and I just wanted to really say, brothers, that I believe that we're left with the remark. We're left with a scar. We're left with something. Um when we I think the Lord very precisely dealt with Jacob cuz he he gave him really out of his own medicine, right? He said, "Oh, you're deceived." So feel what it's like to be deceived for 20 years. And like I said, he didn't try him with something else. He didn't try him with with um things that were outside of whatever he did. He he said, "This is what you did. See see the effect of it." And and that's how he had his testimony. That how that's how he had his conversion. He really um he really uh cried out. He went through the process as we saw of getting that name changed of getting that blessing working for that birthright. And brother Brandon typified it. That birthright is being born again. It is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It is it says don't neglect it. Boy, woman, uh children, men, receive um receive the blessing the Lord has for you. Musicians, if you can come up, I wanted to sing a song that's very fitting to what we heard here. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you, brothers. Brothers in the back, if you could put this the lyrics to I would not be denied, sister. Was it C? Yeah. When pains of death seized on my soul, unto the Lord I cried, till Jesus came and made behold. I would not be denied. I would not be deny. Oh, I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not feed. Listen out. As Jacob in the days of home, I wrestle with the Lord. Amen. And instant and instant with faker I stood upon his word for I would not be denied. Oh no I would not be deny. He had a name change until Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be denied. Now look what happened now. Oh, Satan said my Lord was done. He's a liar and would not hear my prayer. The praise the Lord, the work is done and Christ the Lord is here. He said I would not be no denied. No, I would not be until Jesus blessed me. Until he gave me that name change and he gave me his birthight, his revelation of his name. He changed my name. Hallelujah. I'll say that again one more time. I'll Jesus be. &gt;&gt; You won't be denied. &gt;&gt; I will not be deny till Jesus came and made me whole. I would not be now. &gt;&gt; I want to say it again. As Jacob in the days alone, I wrestled with the Lord. I say and in stand with a courage boy. I stood upon his word. I would not be denied. I would not be enough till Jesus came home. I would not be I would not be. would not be enough till Jesus changed me, made me whole. Amen. Thank you. Wonderful message. Amen. Let's sing this. Only Jesus can satisfy the soul this evening as we get prepared to leave. Amen. The world will try to satisfy that longing in your soul. You may search the world, but you will be just as before. You'll never find true satisfaction until you have found the Lord. For only Jesus can satisfy your soul. Only Jesus can satisfy your soul. And only he can change your heart and make you whole. He'll give you peace you never knew. Sweet love and joy and heaven too. For only Jesus can satisfy your soul. If you could have the fame and fortune, all the wealth you could obtain, yet you have not Christ within. You're living here would be in vain. There'll come a time when change shall call you. Riches cannot help you then. So run to Jesus. Only he can satisfy. Only Jesus can satisfy your soul. And only he can change your heart and make you whole. He'll give you peace you never need. Sweet love and joy in heaven too. Only Jesus can satisfy your soul. Brother Louise, you come up and dismiss this for Praise the Lord. Let's just bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we thank you, Father, for the opportunity to have come, Father, to hear your word, Lord. And I pray, Lord God Almighty, that these words, Father God, that were spoken, Lord, that they may be heavenly father, more than just words to us, Lord God, but they may be a life, Lord Jesus. Because, Father God, your word, Lord, can make us sometimes walk, Father God, and humble us, Lord Jesus, like you humbled Jacob, Lord. And I pray, Father, that every word, Father God, that was spoken today, Lord, in the life of Jacob, Lord Jesus. May it be a reflection, Father God, unto our lives, Lord Jesus, that we need more and more of you, Lord. No matter how old we are, no matter how young we are, Lord God, we need that true experience that can only come from you. Father, I pray Lord that you give strength to brother Emanuel. We appreciate Lord God him giving himself over to you, Lord God, so that you could so that you could use his lips, Lord. And Lord, bless your people now on the way back home. Just thank you, Father God, for uh giving us another opportunity to be here, Lord. It was good to say that it was good to be in the house of the Lord. Bring us back safely, Father God, on Sunday to worship you in spirit and in truth and to feast upon your word. We love you and we thank you, Father. We ask these things now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Make you give you peace you knew. Sweet love and joy.
