################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-14 - 25-1214am - Son of Man (Matthew 24 - The Seal Pt.2) - Wade Dale - Wade Dale.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-14
Title:   25-1214am - Son of Man (Matthew 24 - The Seal Pt.2) - Wade Dale
Speaker: Wade Dale
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taPrO-_PP4A
========================================

anybody. But uh welcome to everybody and God bless you all. Remember communion footwashing after the service today. No Christmas Eve service December 24th. Remember that. And also uh December 28th, brother Chris Long ministering for us on that Sunday. And then on that Wednesday night will be the watch night service 8:00. And this announcement is also on the website and also on the uh the WhatsApp. So you can look for the details on that. I got a few uh last minute prayer requests here that didn't get on the PowerPoint there. Uh brother from brother Donnie please remember sister Susan not feeling well severe headache. So remember sister Susan today for the headache. From sister Joyce please pray for Danny's sister Diane with blood clots. She's in the hospital surgery is tomorrow. And also brother Danny's pulled muscle an appointment at Emery on Wednesday of this week. and also be in prayer for uh Abby Grace. Uh she's got COVID and all the Robert's family's home today streaming. So remember them. Uh Sister Gwyn, brother Joe said uh Sister Gwyn's doing better. So thank the Lord for that. Thank you for your prayers. Good to remember her in prayer. Also, Sister Rebecca Atkins not feeling well and with sinuses her right kidney hurting. So they'll be watching online today. Remember them. Sister Anna and Sister Rebecca also um Sister Mary Brewer about prayer for her mama. They took photo for Sister Kathy of course. They took a photo of the back of the eye and everything looks good. Still having inflammation from the surgery which is to be expected. They want to see her next Tuesday. So continue sister Kathy Gabriel. That's one I just mentioned there about Abby. Remember brother way ministering for us today. All inspoken requests. Let's go Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you Lord for this good to be here today. Father, we thank you for your presence here. Lord, once once again with us. Thank you for everyone who was able to be here. Pray touch all those who couldn't make it today. Lord, touch Rebecca and her body. Lord, help her to feel better. And also Sister Gwen Silas, thank you for Kina. Touch her and hold her up. And and uh Sister Kathy Gabriel with her eyes, Lord. Thank you for help her to get better. And also Abby with the co. Lord, just take that away and just uh and don't let it spread to any of the family. I pray just touch them all. help them um let that be contained. I pray also, Sister Susan, Lord, touch her, take away those headaches from her, Lord, and just alleviate that pain from her. Help Brother Danny, Lord, with the upcoming doctor visit um with that pulled muscle. Just help him to a quick recovery as well. And his sister uh Diane, touch her, Lord. Be with brother Wade, ministering for us here, and all the other ministers and bride around the world. And also the song service, Lord, the worship may be pleasing to you, Father, when you come and inhabit our praises, Lord. and thank you for letting your presence be here, Lord, to heal the sick, save the lost, and and fill each one with your Holy Spirit. Lord, we love you and thank you for all your blessings in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. Be seated all the time. Oh, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Always been good to you. Oh, if you're walking through the valleys and their shadows all around. Do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. He has promised to never Oh, what a promise nor forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. He's so good all the time. We were sinners. Oh, we were sinners. So unworthy. sealed for us. He chose to die. Filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify that his love is everlasting and his mercies they will never end. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise. Hallelujah. God is good. Come through the darkest nights. His light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good. all the time. Let's sing that first verse again. Oh, and if you're walking through a valley and there's shadows all around, do not fear. Do not fear for he will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. He has promised to never leave you nor forsake you and his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this part of time. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, he's so good. Let's all sing all the time. Let's sing at once. Oh, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, he's so good all the time. Hallelujah. Oh, give him a hand. Clap of praise this morning. Has he been good to you? &gt;&gt; Amen. Even when the things happen that we don't understand, that's still the goodness of God. You just have to look through it through the eyes of grace. Amen. If he's been good to you this morning, just shake one another hand and greet him in the name of the Lord Jesus as we sing that chorus once more. Oh, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of God. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; I want to say it's good to see everyone here. &gt;&gt; You know, we um there's going to be seasons where we don't have all the support here with the media and that's probably why you don't see the lyrics up here. Did everybody bring their Bible this morning? &gt;&gt; Okay, cuz there going to be times where you need that physical book. And so, if you have your Bible this morning, let's let's always bring our Bibles cuz I tell people, don't rely on these screens a lot of times. you know, we got to rely on that that word, right? So, let's sing a little chorus while brother um Donnie comes up here. And I forgot my Bible in the back. I don't even have it up here. Um I usually bring it. So, I'm kind of looking around. See if there was one I can grab somewhere. But, uh let's just sing that chorus. Um can't you see while I'm happy? Are you happy this morning? Even if you're sad, even if you're going through depression or something, a valley, you know, Brother Brandham and and go look this up in in in the message. There's there's a quote that I print out and I I put it on the refrigerator. Brother Brham said, "God made the heart to be happy. He didn't make it to be sad. He made it to be happy." And he says, "All the grief, all the anxiety, all the depression, it just brings physical problems to your body." And so when I go through that, I have to sit down and say, "Lord, let me start thinking about what is my blessings in life. If your family, you're my family, my spiritual family, and a lot of you just closer than my natural family." And that makes me happy. That makes me happy that I can come to a place and serve God in spirit and in truth and know that you're going to be there and serve him with me. And that's a blessing. If there's any happiness, it's all in him. That's where the joy of the Lord is. So think about that if you're going through times, regardless of what the situation is, there's always a place you can be grateful for and thank God and say, "Thank you, Lord, for making me happy." That's part of just speaking it by faith, right? You got to speak things by faith. And uh God's here to make us happy in him and know that all is well. Amen. Amen. Can't you see why I'm so happy? Oh, I've accepted the word of the Lord is that revealed word. The revealed word that was spoken by the prophet of Malach. Oh, and can't you see? Why I'm so happy? I've accepted, accepted the word of my Lord. was the revealed word, the revealed word that was spoken by the prophet of Malachi 4. Amen. Let's give them all a hand. Thank you, Lord, for just getting us here this morning safely. and uh hope with happy hearts come to receive. I always had a thing that if I miss church, God was going to something from this pull pit that I needed to get through. And I was afraid I was going to miss it if I wasn't here. &gt;&gt; I don't know if anybody else feels that way, but I do. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I feel like if I ain't here to hear the word, then how can I become the word? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And I mean, he plainly tells you you got to be here to get it. That's right. &gt;&gt; So, that being said, we're going to read in Psalm 67 this morning. I'll take it. It's not on the screen, is it? Okay. Well, that's okay. That's good. It's a short one. But we're blessed. It's God's word. So, let's uh as you get your Bibles, everybody, when you get ready, just let me know. We'll we'll thank him for it as we go to the Lord in prayer this morning. Precious heavenly father, we thank you for this day you've given us to come and gather around your word one more time, Lord. That one day on earth and marking time here, Father, that you've given us to dwell in, but one day it won't be so. We'll be dwelling in eternity. You know, there's Father, so many times I get a little low about things or you don't speak to me right off the bat, kind of spoil me with all these things you've given me, Lord God, and showing me. And I appreciate it, Father. And thank you for all the trials that I've went through too, Lord. That you brought me right through them unscathed. And I thank you, Father. I'd ask that you just forgive me of my sins. Forgive everybody here of their sins, Lord, today. Cleanse us all, Father. And Father, just have your way with us. I'd ask, Lord, that those that are not here today, forgive them, Lord. Whatever it is that's kept them away, that they couldn't come through the door, you just bless it, Lord, and bring the ones back that belong here, Father. cuz I know that's the only thing you can do. You would bring everybody if you could. But Lord, you just you said that by your stripes we're healed. And I believe your word and that healing don't only go for the flesh, but it's the spiritual that causes the healing within us, Lord. And it's your word that we get that comes down in there that comes alive that gives us that birth, Lord, that makes us you, Father. To have the mind of Christ is a mighty thing, Lord. And let us use it wisely, Father. Don't ever let us say anything or do anything to harm or hinder anybody. and those that couldn't be here today. Forgive them, Lord, for their sins. And just be with them and bless them in their time of trouble. And Father, thank you for letting us be here. And also, Father, we thank you for Brother Wade being here today. It's going to bring your word to us, Lord. And we just ask you just to bless him and let him get out of the way, Father, when he comes down to speak about you. We ask now, Father, that all that's said in here today all points to you and the glory of you, Lord. The things you've done for us. Now, as we go to your word, Father, return unto us the joy of thy salvation most of all. And we thank you for Calvary. We ask these things in your precious name, Jesus Christ. Amen. Is everybody ready? &gt;&gt; God be merciful unto us and bless us and cause his face to shine upon us. Sila earth. &gt;&gt; Let the people praise thee, oh God. Let all the people praise thee. &gt;&gt; Let the people praise thee, oh God. Let all the people praise thee. the earth. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Amen. God shall bless us and all ends of the earth shall fear him. Thank you so much. And you may be seated. Amen. Hallelujah. I have an assignment for you. How many knows what the word ceila means? if you don't go look it up. I think um Sophia, we were reading the Psalms one day. She who is Ceila. So that's your assignment. That's, you know, there's a lot of words in there that that are spoken that has a meaning. Every word has a meaning in God's word. Amen. Brother Kern, would you come this morning and take up the offering? Amen. Um we have our uh Sunday school Christmas program this morning. So we're going to sing just one more song and then have them come out. And I hope you enjoyed it. you know, our Sunday school teachers, they put a lot of effort to um really uh go through these songs with a coordination with the kids and and so just just be in the moment and and ask God to speak to you um through what they do. It's it's a blessing. And just want to just give a thanks to everyone. All the musicians, brother Donald's been here, Brother Onen, the ones that are out, brother Joseph, the soul leaders, brother Boyd, Brother Aaron, the different ones that you know are here when we can't be here. And even if we can't be here, they're still here to worship, right? Let God use the gift in your life to worship him. I tell you, it turns out to be a blessing. And um you know that's one thing we we uh treasure is to know that uh just like the path of Abraham, God can use you to be a blessing to others and he'll bless you. And when he blesses you, you go share that and be a blessing to others. And that's the way the spirit of the Lord works. So let's sing this course uh song before they come out. I've got my mind made up. I hope your mind is made up. If it's not, you hadn't got the mind of Christ yet. get his mind because once you're in his mind, there's no turning back. Amen. You've you found that that thirst quencher. And that's what we're here today to confess. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I won't see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus. So let's sing that again. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back. I won't see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back. Want to see my Jesus today. Oh, can you give him a wave offering? Goodbye world. Oh, I stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasure of sin. I stay no longer with you. I've made up my mind. Go God's way the rest of my life. I made up my mind. Go God's way the rest of my life. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back because I won't see my Jesus someday. Won't ask a Sunday school class to come ahead made up and I won't turn back. Won't you see my Jesus someday? Let's sing that again. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. Oh, I got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I won't see my Jesus someday. Oh, and goodbye world. Oh, I stay no longer with you. Goodbye, pleasures of sin. Cuz I stay no longer with you. I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Okay, we'll go ahead and change over the service for the Sunday school group to come forward. If the m musicians would uh y'all can be seated during this time. So, Thank you. Glorious. Silent night, holy night, all is gone. All is right. Mother and child, holy in tender and sweet. Silent power she glory dreams of heaven alone. Heavenly host Christ the Savior is born. Christ the Savior is born. Silent night, holy night, son of God, your life from my holy face. Then dawn I praise Jesus. Jesus. Come away of nature. eternal Lord Jesus laid down his sweet thes. to the town where we Lord Jesus the We all the living Jesus name. I love you, Lord Jesus. Look down on the sky. And stay on my way till morning is Lord Jesus. You will find me in the I bless all the dear children in thy tender for heaven to live with me. If you can't see yourself Can't see. all at the same time. So when you have that all the same Let's give him one MORE BIG HAND. I WAS UH looking back this morning on 2020 when we had the uh when we had it down at the uh Oh, turned on. when we had it at the um at the barn where we had our uh meal, we we had it down there one year and and man, everybody's grown up and and some of y'all got old, real old, but uh we had a good time and we we appreciate all the sisters that uh participated and got all this together because it's a group effort. It's a group effort to get all this done and and uh and get the kids together and we sure do appreciate him and uh we appreciate the season. Um we know we know that that Jesus wasn't born on Christmas day and we all know that but we still like the season. I like the season. Brother Brandham liked the season. So, I like the season because most time people are happy now and um and they're joy. It's a joyous time for I mean we might have 11 months of other things but we maybe this month in December we can have a smile on our face and and a u have a happy time in the Lord. be your family, be with your like um brother uh said, this is this is this is my family and uh we sure do appreciate the Lord giving us a family, spiritual and and uh physical family because we're all one family as the bride of Jesus Christ and we're going to live together whether our natural family does or not. We know this spiritual family that God's building on earth, we will be together for an eternity. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, we appreciate that. That God's going to give us something eternal. Not something temporal, but something eternal, something past all this that we'll have a a Christmas day, every day for an eternity. We'll be we've been given the gift of eternal life. That's the greatest gift there ever was is the gift of eternal life and which will take us into that other dimension. Bring us back here. We'll connect with our body and be glorified and then we can live for an eternity. We won't have to worry about worry about anything else. Worry. Can you imagine being somewhere without worrying about anything? Because today we're already worried about what's tomorrow's going to be or this afternoon or Wednesday or Tuesday. That's right. But we're going to go to a place we ain't got to worry no more. &gt;&gt; We don't have to worry about anything. But we got to we got to fight to get there. &gt;&gt; So, we're still going to fight the good fight of faith to get there. We're going to get there by the grace of God. We sure do appreciate all of you. The uh uh the Christmas party that we had Sunday. Uh we appreciate all of you. Appreciate the gifts and cards and and things from you and hope you appreciated your gifts. And um we um we're a church that dad's always had um that they were we we share um we share with the people because uh without you they wouldn't be a church. Amen. So we appreciate all of you. Love you with the love of the Lord. Thank you for the ones that that um uh play instruments and lead singing and all like brother Joe was saying that everybody's got a part to play. All right. So we sure do appreciate you. Brother Manuel will be speaking for us Wednesday and um that will be uh heading toward the Christmas holiday. The next Wednesday we will not have church service. That will be Christmas Eve. And then the next Wednesday night will be New Year's Eve. So we will have service then, but it'll start at 8 o'clock. And we've already got some flyers out uh to some of the local ministers and uh hopefully that some of them will be able to come. So, and we'll have brother Scott Smith with us uh during that time and brother Chris will be here the weekend before that. So, just keep those things in prayer. We've got a uh I pray that everybody is so far has had a good uh holiday and I know some of you are leaving. Brother uh Luis and his family, they're going to Canada and then the then the Canada are going to New Mexico. So I I just ain't got that down right. That I was starting to say different, but the Canada are going to New Mexico and the Ugos are going to Canada. So they'll be gone for a couple of weeks. So we'll pray for them as they as they journey along. So if you got your Bibles, let's turn to uh to First Corinthians and we'll continue our thought on the seals. I was thinking this morning that um the day the day that we walk out of here, we will say we are sealed. Okay? Body, spirit, and soul. Because the Bible tells us we're sealed until the day of our redemption. Okay? We're sealed in our soul. We're sealed until the day of our redemption. All right? So, that's what we got to see, though. We've got to see that we're sealed. As brother Ram tells us, and we'll read it later on, but not here, where Brother Rime tells us about the box car. You put the stuff in the box car. Well, when you put that stuff in the box car, you just don't throw it in there willy-nilly. You stack it up, right? You you pack it in so that there's no chinks, there's no cracks, there's nothing. And when you shut that door, that buddy, that thing is so tight, you barely get the door shut. But what happens is as that thing goes down the road of life, nothing shakes loose, &gt;&gt; and and we don't want anything to shake loose. We want God to pack it in there. And brother Brown was told in the vision to store up the food because the people would need it. Well, I believe we've had the food stored up and I believe we'll be able to eat it. So, we're sealed until the day of our redemption. Well, the day of our redemption will be full redemption when someone takes what the prophet said and the Bible said and lives it. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, 1 Corinthians 2:9. Dear heavenly father, Lord, thank you for this day you've gi us. Lord, be with us as we continue this service. You be the active participant. Lord, thank you for the program that we had. Lord, seeing the the the young men and women growing up from from babies. And father, thank you for coming here as a baby, but Lord, thank you so much for not staying a baby. Lord, you rose up and you lived with man and then they hung you on a tree at a very young age. But Father, I know that you you knew that was coming. They were going to do it to you, but you were doing it for us. Thank you for salvation. Thank you for what you've given, Lord. And I pray that you'd be with us today, Lord. be with the ones that are sick, especially be with brother Anderson. Lord, as as he's having some issues there with work and having we understand that there's times when when uh work is uh very important and we understand that, Lord, I pray that you'd help him, Lord, to do the right things. Father, be with the ones that are sick, Abby, and different ones. Lord, just be with them, take care of them. Be with the ones that are traveling, Lord, that are not here and the ones that are leaving in a few days that are traveling. Lord, I pray that you give them traveling mercies. Father, be with us in this season that we surely not forget that you are the reason for every season that we have. Lord, we thank you for all things. We ask your blessings in Jesus name. Amen. 1 Corinthians 2:9. But as it is written, I hath not seen nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man the things which God hath prepared for them. Now look, stipulation that love him. &gt;&gt; That love him. The world does not care a thing about him, but we do. &gt;&gt; So, if we love him, what's he going to do? He's going to reveal things to us that's never going to be revealed to anybody on the face of the earth except us. &gt;&gt; All right? You can call that being exclusive, whatever you want to call it. That's what God said he was doing. He was going to separate a group of people and he was going to give her the bride, his his wife. He was going to give her these certain things to what? To come to full maturity in your walk with God. All right. But God hath revealed them unto us. What? Us that love him by his spirit. For the spirit searches all things. Yay. The deep things of God. And if you look at that, the interpretation of that is even the inmost depths of God's being. You and I are the only people that really know who he is. what he is and where he is. &gt;&gt; All right? And that's what the seals tell us. Remember the seals tell us what what was before, what is now, and what's coming. &gt;&gt; All right? So So the same thing the three what what's here, what's here, and what's here. We have fully the book is open. We know what's going on. We know where he is because we're fixing to read here in in Matthew where Jesus is going to say, "Hey, they're going to say, "I'm over here." They're going to say, "I'm over here." They're going to say, and they're going to be false prophets. They're going to be prophets. They're going to be false prophets and say, "I'm here." But the only reason you're going to know is because you know he's inside of you. &gt;&gt; You may be seeing the Lord as his blessing of reading the word. And that's the whole thing. You will be deceived if the Holy Ghost is not in your soul. &gt;&gt; You're already deceived if the Holy Ghost is not in your soul. &gt;&gt; All right? All of us were. Even in times past, if we didn't have you didn't have the Holy Ghost, you were fooled and deceived. What happened to Eve? Eve had Eve was fooled and deceived. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, you and I become become the first birth that we had because of it. We're what? We're deceived. &gt;&gt; All right. So, we're just all in a deception until God comes and tells us, listen, no man can tell you you're wrong. No man can tell you you're wrong. I can sit up here all day and say, "You're wrong. You're wrong. You're wrong." The only way you're going to change is is for you to get that little tug inside your heart that says, "I'm wrong. &gt;&gt; I'm wrong." But it takes the foolishness of preaching to bring that out that God can talk to you and say, "Hey, I need to change. I'm wrong. There's something going on. There's something that I need to change." Well, when we start with these seals, the the the the the disciples that he had, the disciples, the 12, they were asking him certain questions. Well, they were as why why do you ask questions? Because you don't know the answer. &gt;&gt; All right? That's why you ask questions. That's why even the Bible tells us, we're talking about uh knowing the deep things of God because you have a question. If you don't want to know the deep things of God, God's a gentleman. He'll say, "Okay, not not a problem." But you will not live a full full redeemed life. &gt;&gt; And I know we're all going to have problems and we're all going to have trials. But my there's a place where you got to be settled to know that you know that you know that you know &gt;&gt; that God's in your soul. He's not just around you. He's in you. &gt;&gt; Being around God is okay. But being with God and in God, there's where you need to be. Because remember, outside of being in him, you will be judged. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; By the word that you hear. &gt;&gt; But if you get that new birth, that new birth has already been judged. Praise the Lord. That new birth has already been judged. When he went to Calvary, what life left him? The Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; The real Jesus. that theophony God went to hell, preached to hell, picked up the people in paradise, went up and what? Come back on the day of Pentecost as the Holy Ghost, as the theophony of God now spreading himself among a group of people so that he can work through them. &gt;&gt; Not just with them, through them. He said, but see, Jesus said, I'll be with you even in you till the end of the age. &gt;&gt; Think about that. So, brother Ram tells us as then I mention that it takes the Holy Spirit to give us revelation or or what or we'll fail to get it. It'll pass us right by. We'll do like uh like brother Donnie said, you know, in in this is where I get it. &gt;&gt; This this is this is it. I mean, this is Listen, Brother Ramman, God's provided place of worship. He gives us a place to worship. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, I know we're supposed to be worship every time, every time of the day, but you know as well as I do. You don't. Neither do I. Come on, be honest. You worship every day when you go down the road and somebody cuts you off and Well, anyway, so yeah, you worshiping something all right, but it's not the Lord. Yeah, exactly. Right. But now look, he said it's going to take the operation of the Holy Ghost. So to understand scripture, to understand even what brother Bram said, you got to have the Holy Ghost &gt;&gt; in your soul so that he can speak to you &gt;&gt; lip to ear. It's going to take the operation of the Holy Ghost. That means this book can't be revealed to anyone. Now here it is. But a special class of people. Remember brother Brandham said he said I'm He said I'm not for that segregationist out here. He said, "But God is a segregationalist." &gt;&gt; Everywhere. He told him, he said, "Israel, get away from that. This one, get away from that." And every time they mingled, they got into trouble. That's why we don't mingle with the world. &gt;&gt; We're in the world, but not of the world. That's why I need a recharging on Wednesday and a recharging on Sunday. Even myself, when I'm studying, I get a recharge to where all the smuddy things of the world and all that just kind of goes away. where you can talk to God because you know what? God's the only one that can get rid of them. &gt;&gt; You can't get rid of them any other way. Man has used all kind of things. You know, you got drugs, you got all these different things that people want to substitute, but you'll never find full satisfaction outside of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Never. You can search it. You can look for it. You can get a five minute feel for it, but somewhere you're going to come down. And when you come down off that natural high, you better have a spiritual high waiting on you. &gt;&gt; I get a spiritual high. I I I and I'll say this very very not lightly is I didn't I don't want to be a pastor. Brother Ram said if you wanted to be one, God didn't call you. You did. &gt;&gt; Hello. That's what he said. &gt;&gt; I ran from it for years. But I believe that we all together have a vote of confidence that there is someone that's going to rightly divide the word of truth so that you can get what God's got for you. &gt;&gt; Every one of you sitting here today, you're all prophetic people. &gt;&gt; It just takes a head like it takes a head of for Christ being the head. That's the problem with Eve. Eve didn't want headship. Right? &gt;&gt; Hey, Satan didn't want headship. &gt;&gt; He didn't want nobody above him. &gt;&gt; See, that's why when you if you want to be a pastor so bad, you want to be the full authority. And well, anyway, let's read the scripture and then we'll take communion. We'll clean oursel out on this one. Okay. This means this book can't be revealed. Listen, we're all common people. The shepherd doesn't go somewhere and live in an ivory castle and his sheep live out in the yard. He lives with his sheep. &gt;&gt; He may have to break a leg every once in a while, but he lives with his sheep. As one brother said, he smells like a sheep. He acts like a sheep because he's around the sheep. Okay? So, we're not separate. We're not a separate group of people. We're all one. We're going in one direction. If we're not going in one direction, then we're divided. But we're all going in one direction. I want us to get out of here. &gt;&gt; But it's going to be up to you to study to show yourself approved. So this book can't be revealed to anyone but a special class of people. It will take one with prophetic insight. What is prophetic insight? It is seeing something that someone else can't see. &gt;&gt; Not making you bit. Listen, you're not better than the world. But to God, what you got inside of you is better than the world. &gt;&gt; Don't think because you're a message believer that you walk on cloud nine and and you're some great something and and God's going to tell you first and your bills are not going to come due and you're not going to have a wreck and you're not going to have no problems with your boss. &gt;&gt; The devil has you. If you think if you think that either that or I'm living a wrong and I'm living in the wrong place because there's going to be trials but remember all those trials and tribulations we go through is for a purpose &gt;&gt; for a Christian there's something at the end of that test and it's called a testimony &gt;&gt; all right we have testimony after testimony after testimony why do we have testimonies because you went through a test if you didn't go through a test you wouldn't have a testimony but you do have have a testimony because you what? You can watch you can you can have supernatural instruction from God. Now, that has to come through a five-fold ministry. And and brother Manuel, I'm going to I'm going to whip him one day cuz we going to read the book of James again like he was reading today. And he did the same thing last Sunday. So, praise the Lord. At least we're on the same page. And I do appreciate that. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because remember when you come to when we come to the seals and we come to we can condense it all down to James when James says when lust is conceived it brings forth sin. When sin is finished it brings forth death. Four things. When it's conceived it brings forth sin. Lust it brings forth sin. When sin is finished it brings forth death. Listen. I'm going to tell you something from this pullpit. You are going to sin. So, it's not a problem with you sinning. It's a problem with you going on to the last part which will kill you. &gt;&gt; So, there's your four parts that we're going to look at in the seals because you got you got seal one, two, three, and four. Then we take a rapture. So, somewhere in that fourth seal, we have come to a place where we have no lust, we have no sin. And and what it is is a death to us. &gt;&gt; When we die, when we die, we're going to get out of here. The reason we're still here is because we are full of oursel. &gt;&gt; Remember what Dwight Moody said? Dwight Moody said, "I God will fill anybody that's not full of their self." &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Think about that. &gt;&gt; So one brother says, "How long you been in this message?" He said, "Well, brother, I've been in the way about this way about 20 years." That man said, "That's your problem. You've been in the way for 20 years. So, let's just get out of the way. Let's make this year a new year to where we get out of the way &gt;&gt; and we take what's inside of us and like I always said, let it out. Let it live. And you say, "Well, I'm not used to it." Get used to it. &gt;&gt; If you're going to live eternally, you better get used to some of that now. You better get used to some of that where we walk in a way that God is pleased with. &gt;&gt; Everybody with me? &gt;&gt; Walk in a way that God's pleased. Not man, but God. Cuz if God's pleased with us, that means he's in us. That means he has control of us. And then whatever we're doing, he is approving of it. You know how you send somebody something, they send you a text message and and uh and you know, send Jeffrey a text message and Jeffrey just really don't want to answer you back, but he'll go, "Well, that's the way God is." You know, all he wants, he'll just give you that thumbs up, buddy. You did a good job on that one. But it will require supernatural instructions, not just a student comparing verse by verse, though that is good. So what we're doing is we're not we're we're trying to read between the lines. You got to read the lines, but we got to read between the lines because listen, Paul tells us that the letter kleth the copying of the letter, this this this ink, if you read that, like we're going to get into when we get to the fifth seal. When we get into that fifth seal, there's a group of people that that did not want God, did not believe in the Lord Jesus, and God gave them eternal life even though they didn't want it. &gt;&gt; Now, see, that's grace. &gt;&gt; Remember what grace is. Grace is not what you do. Grace is unmmerited favor for what you did. &gt;&gt; Remember, grace is for your past, not your future. We don't believe in that Catholicism where you get you pay penance and then you know you're going to go, you know, do something a week from now or or whatever. No, it's for sins that are past. The Bible tells us that. &gt;&gt; I mean, how can you ask forgiveness for something you hadn't done yet? No, you ask forgiveness for the things you did in the past. And see the whole problem with us is on this side of the chasm we can remember them &gt;&gt; but praise God on the other side of that chasm where God is he can't remember him. &gt;&gt; See that if if grace grace has amnesia. &gt;&gt; Think about it. Grace has amnesia because God can forget. He can put grace on you and forget what you did in the past. Because if listen, if not, if he sees your sin, he's got to condemn you for it. &gt;&gt; So, we can't be the spotless, sinless bride of Jesus Christ unless we see that God gives us grace every day of the week, every hour of the day, everything we do. Brother Bram, I read you that quote not too long ago. Brother Bram said, "My whole makeup is grace." Now, you would think when he was preaching the sermon, marriage and divorce, or he was preaching another sermon where he just really, you know, bit down on the people, you think, man, that ain't a lot of grace. No, it was grace to the people that accepted it. &gt;&gt; Grace has to be accepted. It's like that pardon. The pardon was written by Abraham Lincoln. The pardon was given to the jud to the to the jailer. The pardon was given to the man and he declined it. &gt;&gt; But that pardon is still there, &gt;&gt; signed by Abraham Lincoln, &gt;&gt; but he didn't accept it and they killed him the next day. I know you've all heard the story if you've been around the message long enough, but that's a very good analogy of grace because remember the guy did the guy did kill the the person remember the his buddy go and said I know he killed him in a fit of rage you know give him the case and Abraham like Abraham Lincoln signed pardon Abraham Lincoln took it to the guy the guy said I don't think that's Abraham Lincoln I don't have to live that word I don't have to go to church I don't have to study. Well, well, you know what your messenger is going to tell you? You're going to die &gt;&gt; because you did this. You did the sin. But here's your pardon to get out of that, not get out of that or get away. &gt;&gt; It's to cover you because we're human beings &gt;&gt; and we make mistakes. Amen. &gt;&gt; So if we read between the lines, we will see the grace because if you read the scripture as brother Brandham said, you read scripture that says, and we're going to get into marriage and divorce later on, but because brother Brandham said because of the opening of seals that he could preach this, okay? Because the Bible says if you marry somebody else and you already married to somebody and you got a living wife or husband, I'm sorry. You have no chance. That's what the Bible says. &gt;&gt; You have no chance. But praise God. You're not going to get by with it. But God knew you would come to that place and you would need grace. &gt;&gt; And that's why he give it. Listen, grace is not for perfect people. &gt;&gt; Grace is for people that have sins, that has passed. And listen, if you glory in your past, you have a problem. &gt;&gt; I don't glory in my past 10 minutes ago. &gt;&gt; Other than I can bring a message to you to see that you can get it, but still things go through my head like they're falling asleep. There's already in somewhere opening Christmas presents, you know, it's like But a mystery requires the teaching of the spirit. Here is a problem. All right. Here is the problem. Some people don't like mysteries. Cuz what is a mystery? It's something that you don't know. It's already been done. Like the mystery of like we were talking about, you know, going to um playing that clue. The murder's already done. You just got to find the culprit. Right? And finding the culprit, you get what? Clues. But it's a mystery. And some people don't like mysteries. I like mysteries because that's what God told us. If we are believers of this message, we love mystery. Because brother Brown said, "We, the bride, love revelation." So what is revelation? It's a mystery that's got something behind it, but the veil's been lifted and it's not a mystery anymore. &gt;&gt; Brother Bram said the mystery now has become history. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I mean, do we need to know again how to baptize? We're pretty sure about what we're talking about when we talk about water baptism. &gt;&gt; We're not pretty sure. We're real sure. There is no other way to baptize except in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So that's an assurity. Now why can't we take the things that are and that one time was a mystery to you folks? Come on. &gt;&gt; How many of y'all were baptized in the name of father, son, holy ghost? Don't be ashamed. &gt;&gt; Lord. Well, that's okay. Well, mom was too. Well, you out. Mom. No, that was what we believed at the time. &gt;&gt; And God winked at that. But when he gave you, see this is the difference in in being bride and not bride. When he put the truth in front of you, you accepted it. &gt;&gt; Brother Boyd, &gt;&gt; you put that truth in front of you. First thing he said was, "That ain't the way to baptize. &gt;&gt; That ain't the way to do it." &gt;&gt; So what we've done though, we've took that mystery and it's become history. &gt;&gt; So what we're doing with this, Come on, somebody. What we're doing with this mystery, WE'RE TRYING TO GIVE IT TO SOMEBODY ELSE. WE'RE TRYING TO GET THEM TO SEE, NOT SEE YOU. &gt;&gt; Come on. Don't somebody go up say, "Hey, look at me. I dress right. You know your sisters, I dress right. I do this right. I'M THIS RIGHT." NO. TELL THEM ABOUT THE SAVING GRACE OF JESUS CHRIST FIRST. &gt;&gt; How he turned you around. If you can't tell them how you he turned you around, YOU DON'T HAVE A TESTIMONY. &gt;&gt; You need the new birth. BUT IF YOU GOT THE NEW BIRTH, LISTEN, all you sisters that have children, you were there when that baby was born. &gt;&gt; You knew what was going on. You knew what happened and you were there. Well, you know what? You were there when you got birthed. &gt;&gt; You should know what's going on. &gt;&gt; But God loves somebody that'll dig just a little bit deeper. that'll dig just a little that that'll like we was talking last week, that'll take the paper wrapping off of that and want to see what's in that box. That's what God wants from now on. From here till the day we take a rapture, God wants us to dig deeper than we've ever dug before. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And that's not just me. That's all of us. &gt;&gt; Not dig a hole. Come on. We don't want to be digging no holes, but we want to dig into the word of God. And if you come up to a wall, which you will, cuz the devil will be there. The devil's listening to this sermon, okay? He know what he knows what I'm saying and he's going to get to you and say, "Oh, you really don't need that. You don't need this. You shouldn't do this. You're not here. You're not here." Well, he's a he's a liar, so he's just doing his job. That's why I tell people when I'm delivering mail, their dog comes out and barks, bark, bark, bark, bark, and they're trying to get him shut up, shut up, shut. I said, "He's just doing what a dog's doing. &gt;&gt; He's barking. That's what a dog's supposed to do." &gt;&gt; So, you know what? There's a Christian. He's supposed to be doing what a Christian does. So, how we need to hear from God and lay oursel open and become yielded to the spirit to hear and to know. Don't be afraid of revelation. You can't be afraid of revelation if you're not born. If you're born again, you cannot because it'll sustain you. Because you know what's going to happen? Satan hates it. Satan hates it. So, he's not going to be nowhere around unless he's going to give you, you know, five people are going to call you and three neighbors are going to show up and somebody you've never seen before is going to going to show up on your porch and try to take up your time. Well, well, pray for me. Cuz it always happens when you're trying to study or trying to do something. Somebody will show up and and you know what? It's just the devil. Now, I ain't talking about the people that just showed up, but I'm talking about the the motivation behind it is the devil don't want us to get anything. &gt;&gt; Everybody with me? The devil does not want us to be prophetic people. He knows. Now, what did brother say? Satan knows that if the true church gets a revelation of who she is, in other words, paraphrasing, she'll be an invincible army. Well, he knows that. So what's his what's his job? To per forbid us to do that &gt;&gt; by giving us everything in the world. Everybody with me. &gt;&gt; And we have to live life. But listen, give God this year, give him just 10 more minutes in one day. &gt;&gt; 10 more minutes. Just give him 10 minutes. And if you have to set your watch, set your phone and give him say, "Lord, I'm giving you 10 more today. I've given you my prayers this morning. I've given you my Bible reading. I maybe listened to a part of a tape. I maybe did this. I may have talked to a brother. But Lord, at the end, I want to give you 10 more minutes. &gt;&gt; Now, do you think he's going to go, "No, I don't want that." No. He's going to be glad that you're doing making an effort. &gt;&gt; This whole thing is an effort &gt;&gt; cuz your natural body does not even want to be here today. people are at home sitting there with their jammies on and and well anyway listening to tapes or whatever they do on Sunday morning when they don't go to church. They're in their jammies watching the watching a sermon and and I know some people can't come to church and I appreciate the internet. Don't you forget don't think I am no for people that can't get out. I appreciate the people that can stream and and our brothers and and all that can do the work back there that can get that streaming out for them. Don't you think that? But if you're an able-bodied person and you live close to here, and I'm talking about close to here is within four hours because that's our standard. And Sister Trudy McMillan set that standard. Listen, I want y'all to call her before Christmas &gt;&gt; cuz we're going to try to go down there. But I want if if if no effort if just call her. The number was on the screen. Brother Joe's got the number. The number's somewhere. Just call her and tell her we miss her. And she'll she'll see it today because she always watches in. But see, she set the standard years ago. For those of you that are new, we had a sister come from Charlotte, North Carolina. She drove four hours one way to come to church here. She passed 50 message churches to get here. But she said this is where God told her to be. This is where she would get fed would be right here. 4 hours. Yes. So when you were still asleep, she was on the highway driving &gt;&gt; and when we get home in the afternoon and done eat our supper and got ready for bed, she's just now getting home. &gt;&gt; And her husband wasn't a believer. He let her come by herself. And in all those years, she broke down one time. One time in almost 20 years that she drove down here. Listen, y'all know, you older people know she's here every Sunday. &gt;&gt; She's here every Sunday. She drove through snow. She drove through wrecks. So there, you can blame her if you don't blame her, but there's your four hour there's your four four-hour circle. &gt;&gt; You know what? God blessed her. She's 80 something years old and 87 88 years old and she still calls and says she loves us all, loves the Lord. Wow. You give the effort. That's my whole point. You give an effort to God. He's got to give you a positive effort back cuz God can never give you negative. It's always positive. All right? So, we are people with prophetic insight. We are prophetic people with insight. So we see that when someone when someone like if you listen to somebody online and I do listen to um several online and I do I listen to some denominational people if I see a good little title that kind of you know ps your interest you know but but with prophetic insight you're sitting there going how can you preach that? Why? Because I'm sorry they're under the anointing of a false Christ. I'll show it to you right here in a minute. They're under the anointing of Satan. Brother Brown said Satan will be their God. &gt;&gt; And see, that's what the seals is proving to us that Satan is religious and Satan is in denomination &gt;&gt; and Satan is here today trying to disrupt us and create us and make us into a denomination. &gt;&gt; He loves denomination. Why? Because it's what brother Ram say he said I know now why I hated that thing because it's of the devil. It was one of those horse riders. Then remember being a prophetic people. So in other words for us to take the prophecy we've got to be able to explain the prophecy. &gt;&gt; Everybody with me? We got to be able to explain the prophecy. It's not just And there's private things that God shows you. There's private things God showed brother Brandham, but the one the things he showed brother Brandham was what? For him. But thank God, everything else that was for us, he told us &gt;&gt; cuz why? It was the voice of God to us in the end time. And God's not going to withhold it from us as the bride of Jesus Christ. He cannot withhold it. He won't withhold. Why would you? And Jesus even says in the scripture, they say, "Why would you being a father give your your son ask for bread and you give him a scorpion or you ask for this and you give him a rock?" That's not a heavenly father that we have. &gt;&gt; Our heavenly father wants to bless us more than we want to be blessed. &gt;&gt; All right. So, let's go. Let's skip on over and let's go to Now, we know what a mystery is. when Jesus was talking to the group of people there in Matthew 24 and I brought today a Bible with 26 translations and that dad bought somebody bought it for him a long time ago and uh actually some of these markers are his and uh but I want to read you some different angles of the same and it makes sometimes it makes it a little more plain because we are English trying to understand we're a western people trying to understand an eastern language that's what brother Bram told us but a mystery is a hidden or secret thing look not obvious to the understanding. A hidden purpose or counsel, secret will of men of God. The secret council which govern God in dealing with the righteous which are hidden from ungodly and wicked men but plain to the godly. What? When we read Matthew 28:19 and we read Acts 2:38, we immediately know that agrees with our soul that it's the same thing, saying the same identical thing. Now, the letter killth though. So, what are we reading? We're reading the love letter in between the lines that God's telling us to baptize in the name of the Father and of the Son and the Holy Ghost. Absolutely. But those are not names. You got to come over here to the day of Pentecost and see that the name Jesus Christ is the name of our Lord. &gt;&gt; And like I said before, a lot of people want him to be Jesus. A lot of people want him to be this, but they do not want him to be their Lord. Right. &gt;&gt; Now, remember, Brother Brian was explaining to us and my first sermon I preached years and years ago, it was uh I think we still got the it was a VHS. So, for those of you that don't know what a VHS No, don't don't start. You don't even know what a VHS is, do you? Really? You must have saw it in a pawn shop somewhere. Did you see it in an antique store? &gt;&gt; You watch it? Oh, okay. All right. Well, Brother Dick had this great big camera and it was, you know, this big and he had on Yeah. had on his shoulder and he recorded it. So, but I told I what I did was I took a parallel of three people. All right. And I didn't tell y'all who it was or y most y'all weren't here, but I took and showed a life of three people and showed a parallel of those three people. All right? Actually, it was four people. It was Moses, it was Jesus, it was Paul, and it was brother Brandon was who I was talking about. But everybody thought I was talking about the Lord because what was Moses given a commission in a burning bush? Fire. Pillar of fire. Right? Just paraphrase all this. Then Moses brought the law. All right? Then you got Jesus being born the day was when he was born, there was a light in heaven, right? Paul got struck down on the day of on the road to Damascus by what? A light, right? And then brother Brandon when he was born there was a light that come into the room. So it parallels all to the different ones. But to read between the lines to be no I'm sorry to narrow it down everybody thought I was talking about Jesus. But when at the very end then I took it back and pulled it back apart and it was talking about Moses, the Lord, Paul and brother Brandham. All of them basically live the same way. Why? Because it was the same God and a prophet. the pro or a prophet, the prophet, a prophet, and a prophet. &gt;&gt; But now remember, you and I are prophetic people. We're supposed to be the same way. Now listen, you and I are not supposed to be I know Brother Brown tells us, he says, you know, every minister needs to be go on the back side of the desert and have a Moses a burning bush experience. Well, now literally that's never happened to me. And I don't know one preacher that's ever told me that that literally happened. They went out to the desert and uh and saw a burning bush or or saw a light. But what was brother telling? We got to meet God like they met God. &gt;&gt; You got to meet God. And see Moses's revelation was that bush was not burning. So it must be God. And it spoke to me. &gt;&gt; It spoke to Moses. &gt;&gt; All right. Now that same person that spoke to Moses came as a baby. &gt;&gt; Ain't two gods. that one that Paul struck Paul down. What'd he say? He said, "I'm Jesus who you persecute." And it had to be the same God that came to brother Brandon when he was a child and said, "Don't smoke or drink or do these things. Don't defile your body because there's a work for you later on." Moses got the same commission. Jesus got the same commission. Paul's the only one that really was later in life that got this commission because God wanted him to walk through fire for a little while. He wanted Paul to see he was persecuting the Christians. He thought he was doing the work of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Paul was zealous about putting these Christians in in jail and causing them to blaspheme. &gt;&gt; Wow. We think we got problems. And then for him to be chosen by God to bring the message to the Gentiles, be the first church age messenger and be a prophet. WOW. WOW. SO PAUL HAD PAUL'S The things I do, I would not. The things I would not, I do. I war in my members. What he remembers? Could you imagine knowing this guy named Paul or Saul? And then Ananas was told by the Lord that you got to pray for that guy. &gt;&gt; He's going to come to your house. And they're hiding from they're hiding from Saul &gt;&gt; cuz Saul would take him into prison. Right? So now the Lord is telling Ananas, Saul's coming to your house and you got to pray for him. Boy, talk about faith. Cuz all the other ones, I'm sure in the back part of his mind, he's like, "Man, I got three or four friends in prison just because of that man. Or I've had three or four people killed because of that man, and I got to bring him into my house and pray for him to receive the Holy Ghost." That's how God works. Amen. &gt;&gt; But you see all the the parallels to each to the life. But you got to read between the lines to find them though. &gt;&gt; And that's what we're doing now because watch what happened with Jesus in Matthew 24 verse one. And Jesus went out. Now this is right before this is right before he was crucified. Like a week or so before. Brother Brown gives us the almost the exact date that they ask him a certain question. And they asked him one in the morning and two in the afternoon. And how did he know that? Why? He was a prophet. He knew that. All right. So Jesus said unto them or the disciples, they came to Now now watch. They came without understanding. Just like you and I come to the Lord without understanding. How many times have we read scripture and not understood it? &gt;&gt; We all have. But now God didn't write that for us not to understand. He wrote every scripture for us to understand. Or he's a god that gives rocks instead of bread or scorpions instead of meat. Everything's given for profit of his bride to profit. Pi t. So Jesus went out and departed from the temple. His disciples came to him for to show him the buildings of the temple. And Jesus said unto them, "See you not all these things? Verily I say unto you, there shall not be left here one stone upon another that shall not be thrown down." And as he said upon the mount of olives, the disciples came unto him private. Now remember the disciples, some of them were older. Peter was older, different ones. John was a baby, but there were some that were older that can remember they went to that temple all the time. That temple was revered that you didn't touch that temple except you were a Levite or or a priest. All right, everybody with me now. He This man is talking about this thing is going to be tore to pieces. There won't be one stone left on another. And y'all saw you saw pictures of the whailing wall. Those how big those weren't pebbles. Those were stones. And they set all them together. And that was the bottom of where the temple was, but the temple sat on top of it. So Jesus said, "Every one of these are going to be rolled away." He told them, he said, 'Look, there shall not be left one stone upon another that shall not be thrown down. What am I saying? You're a temple of God. You are the temple of the Holy Ghost, but you're a temple of God, even though you don't have the Holy Ghost. All right? Satan is the one that motivates you, but your body was given to you by God. &gt;&gt; Come on. Satan can't create. He can pervert. And he's perverted all the ones that have the carnal mind. But we're temple. Paul tells us whose temples we are. So Jesus is fixing to tell them, say, look, this temple is going to be torn down. So when the seals come forth, guess what happened? Your temple will be torn down. Your temple will be not one stone left on another cuz God is remember in the scripture, God is he told Zerubable he's going to take it down to the foundation. Then he's going to rebuild that temple. Jesus was telling them this temple is temporary. But the temple I want now is you. &gt;&gt; I want you to be the temple. And I'm going to rebuild. I'm going to rebuild and put stone upon stone, revelation upon revelation. And I am going to inhabit your temple. &gt;&gt; If you will let me. &gt;&gt; And this is how we're going to do it. I want you to be aware of what's coming. Everybody with me? I want you to be aware of what's coming because what happened is what has happened all through the ages. Man has said it's this. Man has said uh hell is eternal. We've talked about that with that Kirk Cameron guy, you know. I mean, he's still they're still crucifying that guy cuz he said hell's not eternal. Remember brother Dell always told you the Baptist buddy you they'll fight you for everything in the world about said they'll fry you, you know, they'll dangle you over hell like a weenie. Fry you up. just tell you it's eternal and you're going to eternally be that's what they're built on. &gt;&gt; But thank God this guy at least sees that hell's not eternal. Listen, there's an eternal judgment. Once you're separated from God, there's no way to get back. It is an eternal separation. Because remember, if you're if you're separated from God and you're not coming back and he sees you're not coming back, you're going in that direction. &gt;&gt; And then one day you're just going to completely go away. &gt;&gt; You never were here to begin with. &gt;&gt; But thank God when God brings you the new birth, that's the real you. That's the part of him that Genesis 1:26 man that comes to you at the new birth and it is eternal. And that means that you are going to have an eternal way about you. And excuse me, if your if your body dies, you're still eternal. &gt;&gt; Jesus came here to annihilate death. Now, did he annihilate death? He was lying if he didn't. But he wasn't talking about the death they were talking about. &gt;&gt; He said, "I come here to give you eternal life. YOU MIGHT DIE, BUT THAT ETERNAL life's not going to ever die. I'm bringing you something that can't die. &gt;&gt; I am not going to not tell you that your body will never die. I'm telling you that your soul will never die. &gt;&gt; But they misunderstood him. Oh, you're not going to die. I come here to bring you life and and life everlasting. Well, then people just kept right on dying naturally, but spiritually, you can't die. &gt;&gt; Amen. There's no way you can die. So, as he sat upon the mountain, wouldn't it be nice to be there that day? But you know what? I would have never wanted to be there on that day. Yeah, sometimes I say stuff cuz they didn't know more what he was talking about than anything. But we're standing here today knowing exactly what he's talking about. &gt;&gt; Had you rather pick that day or this day? Cuz remember, the seals were not revealed to anybody, even Paul. right &gt;&gt; until today. &gt;&gt; So, where would you rather be? Brother Ram says, he said, "Oh, you got all these, how'd you like to be with Paul? How'd you like to be with the disciples?" Had been, he said, "I'd pick this day." &gt;&gt; Which day would you pick, William Brandham? He said, "This day right here, &gt;&gt; the day of the revelation of all that that God told." LISTEN, THAT MAN spent 30ome years of his life and not one person understood him. His mother didn't even understand him. &gt;&gt; Tell me one that did until the day of Pentecost. No one did. And listen, you will not understand him either. Until you get the new birth, until you get that same person inside of you, you're not going to understand either. &gt;&gt; That's why it's important that we know that we got the new birth. We know that we've we've been we've passed from death unto life. And it's not going to hurt us if we physically have to pass away. &gt;&gt; Can't kill me no more than anything. You can't kill me no more than you can kill God. &gt;&gt; If you're born again today, you can say the same thing cuz God can't kill God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You ought to you ought to glory in that. And then from that time say, "Look, God, now you told me that you would show me the deep secrets that you've hid from man since the foundation of the world." didn't know what the Bible says. &gt;&gt; And people are reading this same Bible. They're preaching 13,000 different denominations out of this one Bible today. You ought to thank God that he's giving you an opportunity even to listen to the message of the hour. &gt;&gt; But just to listen to it, folks, is death. &gt;&gt; It's worse death because it's so plain today till you have no excuse. We have no excuse. So the disciples asked him said, 'Look, you're talking about leaving. Tell me when you're coming back. When shall these things be and what shall be the sign of thy coming and of the end of the world? Now we know that the Lord came as a natural baby as a child. Now he's going he came back on the day of Pentecost into a group of people. All right? And then now he's come back in the end time as the son of man to open the seals. All right, is everybody with me? But there's going to be a time, a physical time when he's going to come back to this earth and there'll be judgment and whatever more. We don't want to be there. We want to be that secret going away where they don't know who he is. They that we're God's going to just pull us out in the and we're gone. &gt;&gt; But you're not it's not going to happen just because you're sitting here today. It's going to happen because you have been changed into what has been preached to you for all the years of your life. &gt;&gt; And listen, as brother Luis was saying the other day, we 11th hour worker. If you just come in a message a year ago, two years ago, 5 years ago, or 30 minutes ago, you're an 11th hour worker. You get the same if you'll go to the if you'll go to the boss and SAY, "BOSS, YOU HIRED ME FOR THAT ONE HOUR OF WORK. I'm going to get the same as a person did that's been working 11 hours." Now, listen, that's hard to do if you work a natural job. All right? &gt;&gt; But not with not with God. &gt;&gt; Because remember, God's not a respector of persons. He'll give you just as much chance as 11th hour worker as he did a worker that's been in the message for all these years. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, you have a chance to get out of here just like somebody's been here. Seniority means zero to God. &gt;&gt; Nothing. &gt;&gt; Okay. It's good to say you got seniority, but to God, he said that didn't matter. I got 11 hour worker that's going to get just as much as the person that was, you know, with me for 11 hours. So when we look at the seals, Jesus was talking to them in parables. Remember he always talks in parables. And Jesus answered and said unto them, "Take heed that no man deceive you." Okay? All right? No man deceive you. For many shall come in my name, saying, "I am Christ." Now, he didn't say, "Come in and say, I am the Lord Jesus Christ." Because remember Christ, what does Christ mean? Christ means the anointed one. Because there's going to be false Christ. &gt;&gt; He didn't say false Jesuses or false lords. There's going to be false Christ. And Christ is an anointed one. Remember anointed ones end time. Brother said you can be anointed with the baptism of the Holy Ghost every day of your life on your spirit realm and die and go to hell. Why? Because you've never had a relationship. Remember the Bible tells us they come up to Jesus and they say, "Have I not done this? Have I not done cast out devils?" I mean, everybody wants emotion. Everybody wants uh a healing campaign. Everybody want No, no. Cuz I'm telling you with that parallel, Moses fed the people. Sorry. God fed the people. God watered the people. &gt;&gt; Hello, somebody. &gt;&gt; Amen. But when all that come to an end, they hated Moses &gt;&gt; because he give them the law. Amen. Jesus comes on the scene. He has a healing campaign of a few years. He feeds them. He heals them. Then they hated him. Paul comes on the scene. &gt;&gt; Same thing. Brother Brandham comes on the scene. Thousands upon thousands. You ought to see some of them old pictures. Tens of thousands of people. When he preached the rapture message in 1964, there was 30 people in a trailer out in Arizona. Why? He started saying, "I am a father of one." He started bringing the real message that he was supposed to bring. Not not in the healing camp. I got that. I'm remember I skipped over that. He said, "Not in the healing campaign." So Jesus wasn't Jesus's healing campaign. It was Matthew 24. &gt;&gt; Matthew 24. Jesus is going to lay it on the line and tell us exactly what's going to happen to this earth, to your earth, and what is going to happen in the religious realm. I may say the religious realm. Cuz remember, we're not in a religion. We're in a life. Listen, if you'll treat it more like a life than a religion, you'll come to church happy, &gt;&gt; knowing that you're not just doing a service because uh you you know the the preacher tells you you got to come to church. No, the Holy Ghost ought to tell you you got to go to church. &gt;&gt; So, we've got the seals. Jesus is getting ready to tell them. We're just going to do one. I was going to try to get through with all of them, but we'll just do one today. We'll do the rest the next week. Don't want to wear you out. It is hot up here. It's 73 degrees. Where's Aaron when you need him? It's okay. We'll be done in a minute. I'll wake him up. We'll go home. Well, no, we got to take communion. So, yeah, open the door. Listen, I want y'all to be careful, though. In the morning, it's going to be really cold. So, be careful with your plants and animals and your uh water cuz it's going to be really cold in the teens. So, just throw that in there. So, there's a scripture that's going to be Now, remember when Jesus is speaking this, I want you to get this just a second. When Jesus is speaking this, Paul had not been to had not been to Patmas. There was no book of Revelations. I mean, Jesus was literally writing the book. &gt;&gt; Amen. There was nobody writing it down. But afterwards, Matthew, the Holy Spirit brings him back to that day and says, "Write what Jesus said." Right? And he wrote it down. Then what happened was is when John goes to the aisle of Patmas, he sees the seals. All right? But now remember, he doesn't go back and say, "Well, that's what I heard." Because remember, he was here. &gt;&gt; He was here with Jesus. He was one of those 12. He heard this and heard that and didn't put them together. Why? It wasn't time for the revelation yet. Time for the revelation was when brother Brandham comes to the sixth seal and he says, "Wow, this Jesus already preached the seals. &gt;&gt; He'd already preached them 2,000 years ago in Matthew 24 because the Holy Spirit told him where to go back in the scripture to look for it." Listen, I was thinking about this the other day because I was listening to brother Brandham and he said or or we were it was in a book and he said when the angel of the Lord comes and tells me something. Now what brother Ram say he did he jumped up, shouted, wrote it down and went out and preached it. No, he said the angel of the Lord would take me back to a scripture in the Bible. I knew it was of the Lord when he would take me back to the very scripture that would identify what the angel was saying. So that's the same way with me and you. You and I listen the angel of the Lord. I hope he doesn't scare you. &gt;&gt; But he's ever present. HE'S THE ONE THAT GIVES YOU THAT. AND IF HE'LL give you something and you take it back to the Bible and it coincides, it can't be the devil. &gt;&gt; He will not coincide with the word of God. But you can realize that if you got scripture to back up what God's told you, that's of God. &gt;&gt; Everybody with me? &gt;&gt; You're not a I'm not a prophetic person. We are prophetic people. &gt;&gt; So God can speak to you just as he speaks to me. &gt;&gt; So Jesus answered and said unto them, "Take heed that no man deceive you. For many shall come in my name and shall say I am Christ and shall deceive many." He didn't say few. He said many. Now, brother Ram on the sixth seal, he's going to read it and we'll read it here. Notice now we're going to read first. Excuse me. Then he answered them and then he's going to start to answer now and we want to compare it with the seals. Now watch the first seals. Revelation 6:1. Now we read 61. And I saw the lamb when he had opened one of the seals and I heard it was a noise of thunder and one of the four beasts saying come and see. And I saw, and behold, a white horse, and he that sat on him had a bow, and a crown was given unto him, and he went forth conquering and to conquer. Who did we find this fellow was? Antichrist. Okay. So close to Christ, but anti. Who did we find this fellow was? Antichrist. Matthew 24 now 4 and 5. And he's going to reread the scripture. Take heed that no man deceive you for many shall come in my name saying I am Christ and shall deceive many. See it antichrist there's your seal. So the first seal and they even asked brother Rom they said the first seal is that man of sin first Thessalonians and he said yes. So what's happening? Jesus is telling them, "Look, look out. There's going to be some people that's going to stand up in a pull pit and say that they are of the Lord," and they're not. &gt;&gt; Okay? Take heed that no man deceive you. For many shall come in my name, many, saying, "I am Christ," and shall deceive many. Because look, it's a white horse. It's a man. He's got a bow and he's going forth conquering into conqueror. Sounds like a pretty good guy. But remember, it's the devil. &gt;&gt; It's a white righteous church. A white righteous horse. A horse is a power. And it's the power over the people that looks good. We were talking about something or me and brother boy were talking about last night about these people that these singers that are singing Christian music. I mean, you can't tell them from rock stars. &gt;&gt; They're all tatted up. They got long hair. They got, you know, that there's got to be a standard, folks. There's got to be a separation. &gt;&gt; I mean, Brother Gary, when we listen to Old Southern Gospel, them old guys, they had short hair. and have no tattoos and they would sing some good old gospel music. Well, that's good. Yeah. Wore tie, brother Donnie. They wore ties. They didn't wear um shirt down to here and you know, tatted up everywhere. No, they wore suits most of the time. But you know what? They reverence God. &gt;&gt; These people don't reverence God. They're not even singing to God. They're thinking singing to the devil. &gt;&gt; Come on now. We may take the song as a brother said, brother Tim Crossy. He can take that same song &gt;&gt; by inspiration of the Holy Ghost though and make those lyrics come to life, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Because they do sing songs by inspiration. Listen, Satan is an inspiration person. &gt;&gt; But so is God. God could have them write them songs just for us to sing it in a spiritual way of the bride of Jesus Christ to help the bride &gt;&gt; and it not have nothing to do. The world just shouts and screams and praises the Lord and and they're not even worshiping God. &gt;&gt; They're worshiping the devil. Because if he says, "Take heed that no man deceive you," somebody's going to try. &gt;&gt; Right? For many shall come in my name, saying, "I am Christ," and shall deceive many. Remember, Brother Rime tells us, he said, "The guy's got a bow with no arrows." He's a bluff. So, Satan is bluffing us into believing that he's God. Bluffing us into believing he has the answer. You got to know, folks. You know why? We'll read we'll read one later on, but won't read it this this time, but but Jesus all he stands and he tells them, he said, "Now, somebody's going to come and tell you that Christ is over here in this place, that you need to go over there." Well, if you don't have the Holy Ghost, you're going to chase you're going to chase your tail. As the old as the old saying says, you're going to go from one church to the other just chasing your tail. But when you know that, and I ain't talking about a church, I'm talking about you individually, your person. You if you got the Holy Ghost, he will only feed on the word of God. And I'm sorry, but he's not going to feed off of good music. That's secondary. Amen. &gt;&gt; The word of God is more important to God than the singing. &gt;&gt; I'm sorry &gt;&gt; because the devil is a worship angel. He loves to worship. Now, they got those worship centers and they got, like I said, rock concerts. They got them lights and and uh fog machines and all that stuff. God's not in that, folks. &gt;&gt; He was in a manger, &gt;&gt; laid down in an old manger. And I was reading yesterday there was a a Jewish person was telling a a story that that in Bethlehem, think about it. In Bethlehem, the mangers were not wood. They were made out of stone. They were heuned out of stone. And there was a bowl hume because you ready? When lambs were born, they couldn't be born in straw. They had to be born in that manger. So, we always thought it was like a trough where somebody was eating something. No, it's a place where baby lambs are born. He out of a rock. heun out of a rock and they showed a picture of one of them and that's where the lambs were born so they could take care of them, keep them from being cold and you know you know washing them and all that stuff the guy showed and it's just a a hollowed out stone. He was born. They laid him on a stone. He died. They laid him on a stone. But that second stone, it got rolled away. &gt;&gt; That second stone, they might have laid that human body down there, but God never laid in that tomb. God was already gone &gt;&gt; before they put him in that tomb. &gt;&gt; Let's stand to our feet. God is a God that he will use those little things like that because I told you about Bethlehem. That was a place where that was a place where the the barley and the wheat was. So there was the there was a bread of life being born in in Bethlehem. And then I read that the other day where they they uh you know heed out of place and that's where the baby lamb they'd bring him in. They'd birthe him there and then they'd take him out and put him in the field. But that's where he was born. Laid him in swaddling clothes and li lay him in a manger. Cuz remember he really was he really was born in a ca it was a cave. You know we think about a manger. We think about a a barn with stalls. It wasn't barn with stalls. It was a place hun in the mountain and they would hue little places and that's where they would put their animals to get them out of the weather. So, it was in a rock. It wasn't in a it wasn't in a wood building. They there's not hardly any wood over there. So, they use a it's like a cave almost. And that cave is where that they put their animals at. So there was no room in the end. So they put him in the barn, but the barn wasn't the barn wasn't wood. The barn was made out of rock. He's a rock of our salvation. Everything to do with him is a rock cuz he's solid. You look at that rock of Jibralta. That thing's been there for millions of years. One day it's going to go away. But there's a rock that you and I depend on that'll never go away. It's actually going to roll down. It's going to roll down through your life and it's going to crush everything in front of it. &gt;&gt; The stone that cut out of without hands, we say, "Oh, that's Jesus." That's right. But where is he today? He's inside of you. He's rolling all those other things away. He's rolling the reproach away. He's showing you that you've got grace and mercy and all that that you can be saved. You can have a chance for eternal life. I think underneath that is the the uh Yeah. Okay. But we're going to take communion and we got this here real quick. It's only been an hour. Thought I'd been up here longer than that. But communion time. Like I said before, I would have I would have liked to have been in that upper room. But if you'll read the commentary of that upper room, nobody understood what that what he was doing. Eat my flesh, drink my blood, drink this, and eat that. And and and I'm going to wash your feet and and you know, you should do the same thing. And they didn't understand. But remember, I'll read it to you in a minute. Jesus comes down. He says, "What you don't know now, you'll know hereafter." Why? cuz he was going to that very man's going to come back and go inside of those people and change them. If we'll ever realize that that same God is inside of you today and today you know who he is. They didn't know who he was back in that upper room. Come on people. They scattered like rats the next day. Sorry, I don't want to say rats, but they scattered. There was nobody there. He died alone. The Bible says the scripture said they all ran away from him. Peter cursed against him. Didn't want him have nothing to do with him. But oh, on the day of Pentecost, that curse got lifted. &gt;&gt; When the curse got lifted, he said, "This is that which was spoken by the prophet Joel that I'll pour out my spirit upon all flesh." You love the Lord. &gt;&gt; We do this in remembrance of him, knowing that one day we're going to do this with him. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. That the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread. And when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me." After the same manner also he took the cup, and when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood." No more animal sacrifices. All right? This was the blood of God. This was the life of God that was in the blood. the New Testament. In my blood, this do you as often as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do show the Lord's death till he comes. Wherefore, whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkketh unworthily eateth and drinkketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you. Many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. I'll explain that one day. That's a whole sermon. But I've got some commentary on that that I want to. Brother Bram never really said anything much about it, but I I really enjoy because it says, right, if you just read it like it like you read, you got to read between the lines. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. In other words, if we judge ourselves, we're not going we're going to judge oursel perfect. That's not what they're saying. But when we are judged, we are chasen of the Lord. Now let's bring him in. And that we should not be condemned with the world. Wherefore, my brethren, when you come together to eat, tarry one for another, and if any man hunger, let him eat at home, that you come not together into condemnation, and the rest will I set in order when I come. Paul was always coming. I'm in second Corinthians reading now. And uh Corinthians were a little bit of um a trouble for Paul. They were heathens. They were idol worshippers. They did things they wasn't supposed to do. They eat things they wasn't supposed to eat. They instead of taking communion, they were having this big feast and getting drunk and at the Lord's table. And that's why Paul had to come and straighten that out. He brought that to the Corinthians and told him said, "Look, this is what you got to do. You don't do you don't do what you're doing. You can go eat at home." Remember he says you go if you want if you're hungry go eat at home that you come not together in condemnation. So what he said was this is a solemn event that we're going to take the bread and the wine. There's not going to be any laughing cutting up. We're not going we're not going to get full over this. We're not going to get fat. This is a solemn one of the ordinances that Jesus left us to do in remembrance of him. So let's just do it today and don't remember nothing else but him. Let's just think about him. Listen, if he'll get if you'll get him on his m on your mind, he'll come to you. I promise you. &gt;&gt; But you got to do that. You say, "Well, I'm not going to take communion because somebody's watching me or I'm not going to wash feet because I'm it ain't somebody that's going to get you to heaven." &gt;&gt; The Lord Jesus is the one that's going to get you to heaven. And you may have to stand alone for this. &gt;&gt; Hello, somebody. You may have to do this all alone. He's not taking a group. He's taking individuals, right? So, let's bow our heads just for a moment. Let's Terry and uh get these things out of the way so we can take this communion with a pure heart. Lord, help us all. Lord, be with each one. Lord, it's here that we do focus totally on you, Father, and nothing else. Jesus name we pray. Amen. Bible said he took bread and he blessed it. Heavenly Father, Lord, thank you for this bread been made and prepared by holy hands the way that you told us to do it, Father, with no leaven, Lord. It's just the water and the the bread there, Lord, and that's it. And father, it's not made to be where we feast on it, but it's made to be remember you as you took stripes, you took holes in your body, you took a crown of thorns to have an imperfect body so that this bride will walk through an eternity with a perfect body. Father, just bless us now in Jesus name. Amen. He's the only God I know that can control everything, created everything. Brother Bram said, "Knows every nat that was ever on earth." How many times we b his eye? That's pretty great, isn't it? &gt;&gt; But he came down so lowly as a baby and he said, "I'm going to go live with him. I'm going to go save him." And he did that. And I don't know if Jesus when he was a little kid knew he was going to die on the cross, but I knew there was certain time that he knew he was going to die. And he kept telling them he was going to have to go away. They didn't understand it. They weren't even thinking about this man being crucified while he parted water or he walked on water. He he turned water into wine. He healed blind man. He raised, you know, three people from the dead. He cast out demons from legion. Who can hurt him? Oh my. He wasn't taking it for him. He was taking it for us. He was taking it so that you and I by his stripes. Anybody sick today? By his stripes, you're healed. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; By his stripes, if you believe that by his stripes, you are healed today. You say, "Well, I didn't feel anything." I didn't ask you, "Did you feel healed?" &gt;&gt; I told you that the Bible says you are healed. &gt;&gt; So, you just walk on with that. Don't look back. Circumstances, don't worry about it. &gt;&gt; Circumstances, look, circumstances comes from the devil. &gt;&gt; God's over here, you're healed. Circumstances of the devil. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, this wine has been made, Lord, for one purpose, and that's Lord, to give to you your bride. And Lord, it's a time where we we know it's not your blood, but it's a symbol, Lord, that your blood dropped at Calvary. and that the life that you had inside of you, Lord, it come back into the believer. And you ask us to do these few ordinances, Lord, to to just bring us back to our remembrance of what happened that day, Lord, and for us to remember you and not forget Calvary and not forget what you done for us, Father. Just be with us now in the further of this service in Jesus name. Amen. Come morning I'll walk by the river I'll rest me rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest rest I'll carry now that don't mean you got you got to still do something you got to carry that cross midnight but come morning there's glory for me. Sometimes I'm despised and rejected and I question, "Oh, Father, how long?" Then I take one more look at Mount Calvary and it gives me the strength to go on, you know, and I we we're positive people. I know that. But, you know, I was walking I was going to Walmart yesterday and I got out of the truck. You know, my legs my knees killing me and um but it's just symptoms. But uh I go wobbling into Walmart. Well, you know what? God just sent a man with a half a leg by me. &gt;&gt; I said, "God, forgive forgive me. Forgive me. Forgive me. Don't worry about that no more." &gt;&gt; And then there was one, no, I'm not done yet. Then God wasn't done with me yet. Sometimes I have to have two or three things happen. But there was one walked by me and he had a cane and he had his he had that one of them braces on with the metal things on it, you know, with the that helps you knee like we did in football on your knee. And he was just Yeah. brace. And he was just wobbling like crazy on a cane. I thought, "Well, okay, Lord. I feel good. I'm fine. I'm going to just walk the best I can and and I ain't worried about it no more." But you know, really, sometimes you you have a pity party. What does God do? He'll send somebody by worse &gt;&gt; that's in worse shape than you are. &gt;&gt; You know what it makes you do? It makes you pray for that person because that one man was walking in front of me, I mean his leg was bowed bad. He was an older gentleman with a cane and I thought, Lord, just touch that man, you know. And I don't know, never meet him probably ever again, but he sure wasn't. Got out of the car in front of me and went walking down through there and there he was, you know, in the shape he was in. And I just said, "Okay, we're good. I just walked a little slower than I usually do. Maybe that's what the Lord wants me to do is slow down a little bit. &gt;&gt; But uh well, don't come on me, brother boy, to come on you, too. That man works more than 20 of us. Slow down, bro. Slow down. Enjoy life. Me and Brother Joe were talking about that a few minutes ago. This is all character building. If you can realize that though, it don't hurt. It don't hurt as bad. How could you be? What if you were somebody that did not know God? Now, see, we can't fathom that because we know God. But there are some people out there that just, you know, thinks we're just willy-nilly through life and and we're going to wind up just like Jim's brother did. You know, we we're going to just we're gone. You know, there's nothing left. After this, I'm gonna tell him one more time. When I see him, I'm gonna say, "When you close your eyes, you gonna open them up somewhere. &gt;&gt; You're gonna open them up somewhere." But to know the truth, &gt;&gt; it takes the fear out. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Get Luis in the back there, please. It it it takes care of the fear, right? Come on, somebody. It takes care of the fear. And I know there's times when we do we we you need to just question yourself. Don't question God. Don't ever question him. We can question oursel, but don't question God. But when we come down to it, if we're his, brother Donnie, he can't let us go. We're engraved in the palm of his hand. &gt;&gt; There's nowhere else we can go &gt;&gt; except in him. And that's exactly what we're doing. We're getting in him. a bunch of believers that uh that assembled together under one message. We believe brother Rhyn was a prophet but that message came from Jesus Christ. Amen. Can it came through a conduit just like it did today. I believe you know come through a conduit but he they come to you. Jesus come to save you. Brother Ram didn't come to save you. He came to tell you about the Savior. That's what I'm doing today. I'm telling you about the Savior and what he's done for us. And he did send us a prophet. And that prophet did tell us we were prophetic people. And that we could just not read. Remember he said one time he said, "Don't read the Bible like a newspaper." I mean, sometimes I think we do. We just read the stories. And we go, "Well, I read my I read my two chapters today and I'm good. Put the Bible up. do something else. Yeah. But but when you know what you're doing, you know, you read you kind of read a few scriptures. I'd rather read three scriptures with inspiration than to read a whole Bible without inspiration. Amen. Where you know what God's talking and and I see that he's talking to me. I don't know about y'all, but he's talking to me when he when he when he wrote this whole book is to talk to me and to you, too. God bless you. Let's take communion. Thank you, brother. Let's uh read a foot washing scripture. I want to set the timeline up. I I the Lord just told me that I didn't get out of the car and see the guy with no leg. That was later on. But it was put in front of me and so was the guy that got out of the car that had the bum leg. So they were all there in Walmart together just for me. Is that why you go to Walmart? Just for you? They they went for them not knowing they went for me. Listen, the footstep of the righteous order of the Lord. So whatever happens in our life, we may think it's bad. But how many times have we went through this situation, wondered how in the world God would let that happen, and then know that's the only way it h could happen to get the results that he got. See, that's having patience with God, knowing that he can do what he said he would do. You know what brother Ram said, have patience. He said, first thing is have patience with God, knowing he knows what he's doing. And we don't get in the middle of the program. We just want to be part of the program. Supper having ended, the devil having now put in the heart of Judas's carrot, Simon's son, to betray him. Jesus knowing that the father had given all things into his hands and that he was come from God and he went to God. He rise from supper and laid aside his garment and took a towel and girded himself. After that he pou water into a basin and began to wash the disciples feet and wipe them with a towel wherewith he was girded. Then cometh he to Simon Peter and Peter said unto him, Lord, dust thou wash my feet? Jesus said unto him, what I do, thou knowest not now? Here's the scripture. But thou shalt know hereafter. Who was the spokesman on the day of Pentecost? That same guy that said, "You ain't ever washing my feet." The same guy that says, "You never washing my feet." Well, he had a awakening when on the day of Pentecost, didn't he? Peter said unto him, "Thou shalt never wash my feet." Jesus answered him, "If I wash thee not, thou has no part with me." Simon Peter said unto him, Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head. Jesus said unto him, "He that is washed, neither not saved to wash his feet, but is clean every wit. But you are clean, but not all. For he knew who should betray him." And therefore he said, "You are not all clean." So after he had washed their feet and had taken his garment, was sat down again, he said unto them, "Know you what I have done to you?" He asked him a question. You call me Master and Lord, and you say, "Well, for so I am. If I then, your Lord and Master have washed your feet, you also ought to wash one another's feet. For I have given you an example that you should do as I have done to you. Verily, verily, I say unto you, the servant is not greater than his Lord, neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him. If you know these things, happy are ye if you do them. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, we've had a day today, Lord, with a uh appreciation of the time of the year, Lord, with our our young people, Lord, and our and our ones that were the directors. we pray that you'd give them a special blessing today because that was that was wonderful. Touched our heart as uh I was watching my wife and she was crying. I said, "What are you crying for?" She said, "Brother Dale would be happy to see this." Lord may look over the banister of time and just look down and see the group that he so fervently spent his life helping to build. Lord, now I pray Lord that you would take over this whole group of people. And Lord, let it be you that leads us and guides us on through. Lord, forgive us of our faults and failures and our ideas that are contrary to you. Lord, we we pray that you would sanctify us, Lord, for this journey. Wash us. And as brother Luis was saying, when we cross over cross over into the promised land, there had to be a second circumcision. Well, Lord, Lord, if there's anything that's extra, Lord, we need it cut off. Anything of the world, Lord, Lord, cut it off so we can We want to have the full run of the promised land. We want every promise. That's why it was called a promised land, Lord, because you promised them they could have it. And if you make a promise, you're going to make sure somebody's going to make it. Well, Father, you promised us you'd send us a prophet, and you did. You promised us promised us you'd send us a five-fold ministry that had the word of God. And you have and you promised us that we would come to a body change. So Lord, your promises are yay and amen. &gt;&gt; Lord, just bless us now in the further of the journey. Be with the ones that are traveling on the highways. Lord, be with us now, Lord, until we come back together. Bless brother Manuel, Lord, on Wednesday night, Lord, to bring the words of eternal life. Father, just give us this daily bread today in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you sisters. Go downstairs.
