################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-09 - 25-0409 - The Road to Emmaus - Daniel Martinez - Daniel Martinez.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-09
Title:   25-0409 - The Road to Emmaus - Daniel Martinez
Speaker: Daniel Martinez
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_-L1eyppLU
========================================

Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me. Oh, give me that old time. Oh, give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. is good enough for me. Hallelujah. Amen. I think there's two words that sum up that song cuz the devil won't go near it. Boo devil. Boo devil. Amen. Hallelujah. We're so thankful that the word of God is ever true. Amen. It's changing me. It's changing you. It gives us strength to help us cope. What kind of words does it give you? Boo devil. Amen. Amen. It's the holy words long preserved in our heart. Amen. Holy words long preserved for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God in heart and words of life, words of hope, it gives us strength. Hallelujah friends. And in this world, wherever we run, the word of God will guide. Oh word of God, ever truth is changing me is changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart and holy word of our faith handed down to this age came to us through sacriice. Oh, he the faithful words of Christ in holy words long preserved for our wall. Oh, in this world they resound without the heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. The word of God is never true. Changing me, change in you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Oh word of God, ever truth is changing me, is changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Appreciate the music. Thank you. Amen. It's just a blessing to hear people that use their gifts. Amen. God, you know, that's a blessing alto together. Amen. You know, we have a piano over there and in New Mexico that just sits blank because nobody has the gift to play it right now, but we're just praying. Amen. I'll find somebody that'll that'll come to our church and start playing it. Amen. But uh Amen. But uh you have a lot of people that really know how to use instruments here. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Let's uh let's go before the Lord in prayer before uh we get into the into the message. Amen. Our dear and precious Lord and heavenly father Lord I come before you Lord Jesus. Grateful Lord Jesus that you give me the opportunity to speak to your bride once again Lord God. And Lord Jesus we know Lord God that you these are the precious uh uh ones that you shed your blood for Lord God. And we know, Lord Jesus, that uh each and every one, Lord God, they're they're hungry and thirsting to hear from you. So if you take me aside, Lord God, and and just use the thoughts that I might have, Lord God, thinking I might do, Lord Jesus, use it to minister to your people this afternoon, Lord God, as we come humbly, Lord God, thinking of you, Lord Jesus, thinking and and and wanting to mention, Lord God, that we're so grateful, Lord God, for all your blessings and pray, oh Lord Jesus, you touch each and every one that's in need, Lord God, and and and every in every aspect Lord God, that you're we know Lord Jesus, you paid for it all at Calvary and we come Lord grateful to hear from you in Jesus Christ's holy name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I want to send greetings from New Mexico. Uh uh I uh uh brother Emanuel uh asked me to minister this last Sunday over there and I says I can't. I'm I'm on my way to to Georgia. I said, "But uh but nevertheless," I said, "But you'll be praying for me because they asked me to minister." So, he said, "I will. I will. I'll be praying for you and we'll we'll handle it." Cuz he was going to be going to Arizona to another service. So, uh uh I think he's going to be coming here, brother, uh Brother Chris. Yeah, he's went to go for minister for brother Chris. And uh so, uh let's go to the word now. Let's turn in uh St. Luke the 24th verse 24th chapter the 13th verse and this is the road to Emmas. Everybody kind of remembers that uh that that portion of scripture and uh I want to talk a little bit about uh about this this portion of scripture. Amen. Amen. Uh, and behold, two men went that same day unto a village called Emmas, which was from Jerusalem three score furlongs. And I think I looked that up on Google and it said about 7 milesi, but brother Brown did say it was about six miles. And and they talked together. They talked together for all talked together of all these things which had happened. And it came to pass that while they communed together, the communed together and reasoned. Jesus himself drew near and went with them. But their eyes were hidden holden that they should not know him. And he said and he said unto them, "What manner of communications are these that ye have one with another and and as ye walk and are sad?" And one and the and the one them whose name was Cleopus answered and said unto him, "Art thou only a stranger in Jerusalem, and and hast not known the things which were which are come to pass in in pass there in these days?" And he said unto them, "What things?" And they said, And they said unto him, Concerning Jesus of Nazareth, which was a prophet, mighty indeed, mighty indeed, and word and word before God, and all and all the people, and the and now and how the chief priests and our rulers delivered him up to to be condemned to death and have crucified him. But we trusted that he that he which should have he he that he which should have redeemed Israel. And besides this all two besides this two days besides this today is the third day since these things were done. Yay. And certain women also of our company made astonish made us astonished which were early at the sephiler. And when they found not his body, they came saying that they had also seen visions of angels which said that he was alive. And and certain of them which were with us went unto the sephiler, and found it even as the woman had said, but but him they saw not. And he said unto them, "Oh fools, slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken. Ought not Christ to have suffered these things and to to enter in into his glory? And beginning with Moses and all the prophets, he expounded unto them in the in the scriptures the things concerning himself. And they drew nigh unto the village where wherein they went. And he made as if though he would have gone further. But they con uh constrained him, saying, "Abide with us, for it is now towards evening, and the day is far spent." And and he went in and carried with them. And it came to pass as he sat at meat with them, he took bread and blessed it and broke it and gave it to them and amen and their eyes were opened and they knew him and he vanished out of their sight and they said one to another, "Did not our hearts burn within us while he talked with us by the way while he opened unto us the scriptures. And they rose up that same hour and returned to Jerusalem and found the 11 gathered together and then and that they were uh together. And then when they had when they were with them, saying, "The Lord is risen indeed and has appeared to Simon." And they and they told what things were done and the way how how he was known unto them in the breaking of the bread. Amen. Let's bow our heads once again. Our dear Lord Jesus, we're so grateful Lord God for your word. And Lord Jesus, we pray oh Lord God, you just bless each and every one of us as we come to hear from you. You can be seated. Amen. Amen. So now talking about Emmas here, uh you know the Bible does speak about Cleopus, but who was the other guy? And uh if you pay attention a little bit, you you might notice this other person, he has appeared to Simon. Well, he hadn't appeared to Simon Peter yet. So it wasn't that Simon. So you you might say that the second person that was on his way to Emmas might have been a guy named Simon. and he appeared to he says maybe one of them was testifying says he appeared to him you know appeared to Simon there are the two that came from Emmas but then you start noticing there's other scriptures that are in there that kind of seem uh uh strange the guy named Cleopius where do you see the name Cleopius in the Bible in other places uh you know the Catholics have a saying that because they they they they emphasize a lot on the cross and the death of Jesus on the cross and all this and they tell you, "Oh, the three Marys were standing right there by the cross." So, you read about the three Marys. I'm going to go over there real quick of the three Marys. Let's go on to uh uh John St. John 19 and it the 25th verse it says, "Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother." Of course, she her name was Mary. Okay. His mother and his mother's sister, Mary, the wife of Cleopus and Mary Magdalene, the three Marys. So Mary had a sister who was married to a guy named Cleopus. Is this the same guy? Well, interestingly enough, they put an H in this one and they didn't have an H in the other one. So, a little bit different. But nevertheless, start looking at this at the at the scripture closely and you start to notice there's other references like uh like where where you see uh on verse 19 uh let me see on verse 19 they said he was a prophet mighty in deed and in word. So they recognize Jesus as a prophet. Well, Jesus was to come as the as the son of man, which means prophet. Amen. But yet he was a prophet and he came in that ministry. He called himself the son of man just like Ezekiel was called the son of man all through the scriptures. But you start to notice that they come up with another reference when they say where they say uh he was a prophet. Okay. mighty indeed. But then you find out that they also and that they also called him on verse 20 verse 21 they said but we trusted on verse 21 it says but we trusted that he had been been the one that should redeem Israel. So the only one that could redeem Israel was the Messiah. Amen. So they trusted that he was the Messiah. really is what they're saying. And you start to see that even though Jesus did come as in the ministry of a prophet, he also came as the Messiah. And he came as the son of God, the son of man, the son of David. They he he responded to the name the son of David to uh to blind Bartameus. So you can start seeing that that and and many of the Jews called him son of David. He responded to them. But if that Sarapheneia woman called him the same name and he didn't respond to her at all, but she responded to her when she said, "Lord, my Lord." See, so there's a difference there. You you'll notice in the scripture, things seem to be uh if you look at the scriptures, you'll start to see that things tie in perfectly everywhere. Everywhere. If you'll notice. So what happens then as we look at the scriptures and we look at the what was going on on the road to Emmas there we start to see that there's that that these disciples that were walking on the road to Emmas had firthand news details details of what happened at the grave details of what happened at the cross so you see what's written in holy script when you read your scripture you might see that at the last supper there was uh uh the uh all the disciples standing there. You see that there that Jesus did these certain things, but who was serving the meal? Where were the sisters? They're not mentioned. They weren't mentioned. You sisters have a big part to play in the economy of God. You say, "Well, what where were all the sisters?" Well, who cooked the food? You know, it doesn't say Peter went out there and was put on his apron and started cooking the food. It doesn't say the disciples are doing that. The the the the sisters were doing that. It didn't mention them, but they were serving the food probably there. And you can start to see that, hey, it doesn't even me mention who who was behind the scenes, but there were people behind the scenes that scripture doesn't tell you about. It doesn't tell you about Cleopus. Nowhere except on that road to Emmas, but it doesn't tell you that he was there at the at the last supper. But he had firsthand news cuz he would they were telling Jesus sisters were early at the sbooker. They saw the angels. They saw the vision. They saw these things. They were telling the details to Jesus of what was came to pass right there at the gravesite. They told how Peter and John ran all the way to the grave and and and and and they looked in and they said, "Well, they didn't see him." So they came back saying, "Well, him they didn't see." So there details that are spoken about on the road team. You start to see that there are people behind the scenes that aren't written about but were right there present and and in the in the picture. They were in the picture. They were they were part of the of God's economy. And you got to realize that as we stand here as believers, we are part of God's economy. We may not be they may we may not be put my name my words things I say may not be ever be in holy script but we're part of God's economy because we're part of the bride of Christ and the scripture does talk about us because it says the bride has made herself ready and we'll come to that place one day when we when we make ourselves ready and the Lord comes for us we will fulfill a part of scripture. Amen. And as we stand here as a as message believers, you start to realize that that you've got a part to play in the scripture for a faith that was once delivered to the saints has to come to fruition. The the ones that stand for the faith that was once delivered to the saints, how can we write a book of acts? How can we write a book of acts after our life? How can how can how when they when they write about Lula Georgia, when they write about brother uh uhh about brother Wade, when they write about brother Dale, when they write these things down, they're going to be able to say, "Hey, they produced the book of Acts behind their lives. I saw cancers healed. I saw healing. I saw I saw the power of God move and raise up. I saw the power of God make that man a young man again. I saw this going on. I saw that going on. Why? Because they're the ones that take the word of God for their hour. Amen. These people stood there and they were in living out the very words that were going to be written in holy scripture. I was talking to the wife the other day and I said, "I, you know, I I I read the book of James and I I don't like James." He said, "Why don't you like James?" I said, 'Well, James James turned in Paul. He told him to go to the temple and and and and and give his and and and and he ended up getting getting thrown in prison from there. And from there, he lived his whole life in jail. And she said, "Well, that was must have been the the will of God." Amen. And I says, "Yeah, but you know, somehow, you know, it's just like uh like uh uh" And then I says, "Well, you know, she's right because Paul wrote almost all the New Testament from jail. He was on death row and he was writing everything that God wanted in holy script for us to have faith in." Amen. Amen. How can we come to the faith that was once delivered to the saints if our life doesn't live this gospel? Excuse me. Uh so so what what are we what what are we living for? As we live the the the as we live this this truth that's been presented in our day. What what is the is a believer's life about? where where can we write what what's going to be written of of us one day they had firsthand news they could they they they they when Jesus said oh fools slow of heart to believe what the prophet said and beginning at Moses the main prophet he came back expounding to them exactly so so you can imagine If you were standing there listening to Jesus tell you all that Moses had said about him, you know, I mean, uh, Moses, you know, uh, one of the main ones is Jesus. Moses said, "There will be a man, a prophet likened unto me." Amen. And whoever doesn't believe in this prophet and this in this one, he says, will be cut off from the people. So what would happen to us if we if we took the way of the scribes and Pharisees of the of the religious of that day? That's the biggest mistake they made. They were saying, "I can see a God of bygon ears. I can see a God of 2,000 years ago. I can read a Bible about 2,000 years ago, but I can't believe that anything's happening in the 20th century. I can't believe anything's happening around us and to us and with us. And I see a lot of message believers that are looking back to brother Brandham's life. They're looking back to the years he was here in Georgia. They're looking back to the sermons he preached in in in Jeffersonville or in in in in in uh Shreport, Louisiana and all these places. They look back to these things and they say, "I saw God moving in brother Brandon's ministry. But what about moving in your ministry? In your life, in your in in in your day where you live." Amen. If God can heal cancer back then, brother, if God can heal cancer in a in a in a in a in a uh in a uh should I say in a in a in a meeting where Brother Brandham is in the Holy Spirit's movie, he said, "I can if you could see what I'm seeing." He says, "I see God moving all over the place and people could believe that and come and reach out and grab their reach out and touch the Lord." They could reach out and touch the Lord. So if they could do that there, they could do it today. They, you know, I I I may not be have the ability to see the cloud uh that he was looking at. I may not be able to see the the pillar of fire that he was looking at, but I know he's here because the Bible says wherever two or three are gathered in his name, there he'll be in the midst of him. Amen. So we can stand and say, "Look, we know that the same God that was in Brother Brown's meetings is here today here to do the same kind of things that were there." So we're looking at a at a at at we we we can't look at the scripture as something by God or something of 2,000 years ago. We can look at it as a a reality that we can live for today. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, what happened? Okay, so let me see where I'm at here. Okay, so we look at at at at at at at them and and they the there's where Jesus says with beginning with Moses and the prophets. He expounded to them all the scriptures concerning himself. Wouldn't you have liked to have been there hearing modern events made clear by prophecy? Amen. You start to see that, hey, it may have been six miles. And if you're walking a mile an hour uh listening to Jesus talk, it might have taken you uh two maybe two. If you're walking a mile an hour, you're making it'd be a six-hour sermon. They listened to a six-hour sermon. might have gotten what would have went by quickly as he expressed the very things that God was revealing revealing to them of all the Old Testament scriptures referring to himself. Now, if we could do that today, we'd say all the scriptures that brings us into the picture. Yeah. You say, "How how do you bring me me into this picture of of of of being a fulfillment of prophecy?" So, as you look at the ages we're living in and you look at the things that Paul said, he said, he explained that the Holy Spirit would lead you into all truth. And if the Holy Spirit's going to lead you into all truth, he's got to show you where he's working at in the very hour you're living. Amen. Yes. So, as the Holy Spirit is revealing the word of God for your day, you start to recognize, hey, I can grasp this. I can hold on to this. This is real. This is more real than my than my aches and pains. This is more real than my than my my feeling sick. This is more real than my I can say that this is I can I can say that that uh let's go to Hebrews 1 and 1. Amen. Hebrews 1:1. God who at sundried times and in diverse manners spake in times past unto us unto the fathers by the prophets, hath in these last days spoken unto us by his son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things. So when you have Jesus manifesting himself in your day and age, you start to realize, hey, he did speak through the prophets in time past. but by speaking to us through his very true word that he's expressed and showed himself, vindicated himself and showed himself in our day and age. We can start looking at a a God that's not a bygone age. It's a God of present. It's the God of present time. And this God of present time is here in our midst to do what he promised to do through the scriptures. Amen. Amen. Amen. Yes. So when when we look at at at the at the the times, let's look at look at Luke 17:30. Now in this one, let me mention to you when Jesus said this in Luke 17:30, Jesus is speaking. We got this here right purple one. Luke 17:30. These are scriptures that are that we know are the the the reference to this this scripture is usually done because it says in the days of the son of man when the son of man is revealed. But let's look at this. Let's go up to the 28th verse. Likewise also likewise also as it was in the days of Lot. They did eat, they did drink, they bought, they sold, they they planted, they builded. But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom, it rained fire and brimstone from heaven and destroyed them all. Even thus shall it be in the days when the Son of Man is revealed. Amen. So, we stand in a day when we know with all that's going on in politics and all, we know how we have a very pushy president and they're saying this this guy might just bring on World War II. There's fire and brimstone hanging in the heavens ready to fall. Okay? And but notice Jesus was referring to a time in scripture as it was in the days of Sodom. So, if we're going to go back to the days of Lot, the days of Sodom, we know there was a coming judgment. But we think about the coming judgment, we're we're standing in that kind of thing today. But as we think of the coming judgment, we want to know where the son of man is revealed. So, if you go back to the scriptures about Lot, let's drop back there to uh Genesis. real quick. It would be in Genesis uh Genesis 8. Uh let's go to Genesis 7 19 is it? Yeah. Genesis 19 talks about Lot. And there and there came two angels unto Sodom at evening. And the Lot and Lot sat at the gate of Sodom. Okay. Why would Jesus refer anybody to look at a backsliden person? Why would he refer to anybody to, hey, go look at Lot? Why do I want to look at Lot? The Lot's not going to it's not going to help me much to to learn all about make believers or unbelievers doesn't help me at all. But he still brought you to the time. Look at Genesis. Look here. So you look at Genesis, look there, but then you drop back one chapter, which you should never just take the scripture for what's written. You should always look ahead and look behind be look beyond and see the essence of what's being conversated. Genesis 18 is Genesis 18 is referring to the son of man ministry because you look at it under the under the the the the in the plains of Morai. Those those angels came to speak to Abraham. And notice some of the things that that angel did. That angel called him by the name that he had given him just a few few a little while before. Abraham was named Abram, not Abraham. But yet he referred to him as Abraham. Sarah was named Sarai. But he turned around and called her Sarah. Amen. So he knew that he had already changed their names. Yeah. Second of all, and he's sitting he's telling her that telling him that I remember my promise. I'm Sarah's going to have a child in nine months. Sarah laughed in the tent. Left in her heart. In her heart. But then when she came back to tell him, I didn't laugh. I didn't laugh out loud. But God said God God said no but you did laugh in your heart. Okay. So what happens? Discernment. So the explanation of of of what you're seeing here in this in this whole story in Genesis 18 is God coming to visit the real believer. The father of the faith. Amen. Now, we're called out from different walks of life. All of us have come to this word of God that's come in our day and age. And this is actually the calling out. I mean, you've got to walk like Abraham. He's the father of the faith and we are a faithful people. Amen. So, we've come to the same same conclusion that he will visit with us cuz we're the faithful people. We're we're the sons and daughters of Abraham through the faith. Paul explained that. So, listen to, you know, when when you when you look at at at the children of Abraham, the the true seed of Abraham wasn't through Isaac. I mean, it wasn't through uh Hagar, but it was through Isaac. And Isaac was faithful. Okay? So, you start to recognize that the the the the movement of God is moving through the faithful. So, when Jesus was referring to the days of Sodom, he was referring to Genesis 18, the father of the faith. Amen. The father of the faith. But he wanted to bring you to a to an to something you should pay attention to. Amen. And through uh the message of this hour, we start to realize these things. You know, we start to realize that, hey, look, brother Brandham referred to the days of Sodom as really the day when that angel came to visit Abraham under the oak of oak. He called it an oak of Morai, but it's a plains of Morai, it says here. and he was standing under a tree. I didn't read that it wasn't. So what happens then when we look at the at the at the scripture when we look at what what's our our part to play here? Let's go over to uh uh Isaiah. Okay. So as Jesus was expounding upon the scripture in Isaiah 53 1-12 Jesus might have been on his way telling them you know notice notice what was Jesus's ministry. What was my what was my ministry on earth? He says, "Who hath believed our report and to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed?" He says, "For he he is for he shall grow up." Now, we're talking about Jesus. Now, he shall grow up before him as a tender plant and his he as as root out of dry ground. He hath no form nor clumbliness. And when we see when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. He was bruised. Wait a minute. He was despised and rejected of men. A man of sorrows, acquainted with grief. He hid. We hid as it were our faces from him. He was despised, and we esteemed him not. Surely he hath borne our griefs, and uh what's that? Uh carried our sorrows. Yet we did esteem him, stricken, smitten of God, afflicted, but he was bruised, but he was wounded for our transgression. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him and with his stripes we are healed. All we all we like sheep have gone astray. We have turned everyone to his own own way and the Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of us all. He was oppressed and he was afflicted yet he opened not his mouth. Did Jesus speak back to uh to them? He not opened not his mouth. He was brought as a lamb to the sheer sheerers and as a sheep before the [Music] sheerers to the slaughter. Okay. And as a sheep before the sheers is dumb. So he opened not his mouth. You know, that was one thing that happened to me as in Rosietta. I had a sheep that kept getting out and he was chasing the neighbor's cows because he was all alone. And sheep are a herd vehicle. They want to they want to stay together with something else, some other animal. So, they were chasing the neighbor's cow. The neighbor's cows were scar scared to death of him. So, he was running them all over the place and they're they're going to have calves. So, he didn't want them to, you know, lose their calves. So, he came to me and he says, "You go get your sheep out of my yard." So, here I am running running running after that sheep. I have a horse. Why didn't I go get the horse? But I was running after the sheep. And finally, a sheep got so so worn out that he'd lay down and I'd put the rope on him and bring him back to my fence. No sooner did I bring him back to my fence, look at the whole fence, make sure it's all patched up, he was out there with the cows again. Oh gosh. So, I ran and ran and ran after him. And uh you know you guys that uh that do uh track and stuff like that that running does pay off by the way because uh I was I was running like that and uh and I ran all that well big part of the summer I was running after that crazy sheep. Finally I says no I'm going to butcher him. So, I went to go butcher him. And the crazy thing, I'm sawing away at his neck with the knife, and he's quiet as can be. Not a little murmur, not a mumble, nothing. Just laying there letting me cut his throat. I says, boy, I tears started coming to my eyes because, you know, I saw the scripture says that he was a like a sheep before the shepherd, before the shears, open not his mouth. Amen. And I says, "Man, I'm not shearing him. I'm killing him." And he didn't make a noise. Amen. Just the gurgling of the blood coming out. That was it. I said, "My goodness." I said, "Lord." Yeah. Uh so, nevertheless, you start to see that the scripture comes out perfectly. After that, the neighbors came and invited me to a game of football. After running all that way, they invited me to a game of football. And I don't know what was wrong with those guys, but they were all moving in slow motion. I'd see them coming for my legs. I could jump right over them. But let me tell you though, the the the the scriptures written of him were so perfect. Amen. So perfect. There's no doubt that you can say, "Hey, these things are exact." The scripture doesn't make a mistake. Amen. Now for example uh when you when you when I was I was reading you know reading in the scripture where it says that uh you know uh that Jesus came down from Mount Transfiguration and the disciples came and said well didn't the scribes and Pharisees say that you were to come first that that Elijah was supposed to come first before your coming? And Jesus says yeah Elijah is supposed to come. Let me that's that's in where is that? That's in uh Matthew. Let me see. I got it here someplace. Mount Transfiguration. Matthew 17:19. Oh, I guess brother brother's not keeping up with me. Okay. Uh but he said um Matthew 17:11 17:9. So there at Mount Transfiguration, the Peter, James, and John comes down and said, "Didn't Elijah supposed to come first?" And the and and you'll notice in the scripture, he says Elijah is going to come first and restore all things. But he says they did to to do Let's go over there. I'll find it here. Matthew 17. Here it is. I use ribbons to mark my places. Okay. Elijah shall truly come first. This is Jesus speaking at verse 11. Jesus answered and said unto them, Elijah truly shall come first and restore all things. Well, remember John the Baptist did restore all things. Okay? So, John the Baptist didn't restore all things. So, and he says, "But I say unto you that Elijah is come already." Now, that's talking about John the Baptist. Okay? The John, so there's a John the Baptist that's going to restore. I mean, there's a Elijah that's going to restore all things. That's the scripture that Malachi 4 and 5 referred to. Five and six. Malachi 4 5 and six referred to. But I say unto you, Elijah is come already. and they they and they knew him not, but have done unto him whatsoever they listed. So likewise likewise shall the son of man suffer of them. So watch. So John the Baptist got beheaded and he said the son of man will likewise die. So he was going to go to the cross. Yes, we know that. And we know that John the Baptist is referred to as Malachi 3. So you start to look at how scriptures work out. When you start to do a little study on John the Baptist, you find out that when when John the Baptist was was was going to be born, the angel uh Gabriel came to Zachcharias and said unto him and said unto him, he's coming in the spirit and power of Elijah. Wow. He's coming in the spirit and power of Elijah. But he says, "And he's to restore." Oh, how did I it say? He's to restore the hearts. Restore. Okay, let's go over there. Uh, I think that's uh St. Luke 111. That's uh purple, too. St. Luke 1:11. Okay. And there appeared unto him an angel of the Lord standing in the right hand side of the altar of incense. And Zachchariah saw him and and he was troubled and fear fear fell upon him. But the angel said unto him, "Fear not, Zachcharias, for thy prayer has been heard, and thy wife Elizabeth shall bear a son, and thou shalt call his name John, and thou shalt h shall have joy and gladness, and many shall rejoice at his birth. For he shall be great in the sight of our Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor strong drink, and he shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother's womb. We look at Elizabeth and Mary's greeting to each other. She the baby bleeped for joy inside her womb. Receive the Holy Ghost. And many of the children of Israel shall shall shall he re shall he turn to the Lord their God. And he shall go before him in the spirit and power of Elijah. Now watch this phrase to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children. Where's that scripture at? Malachi. Malachi 45 and 6, but it's only half the scripture. See, that half the scripture is talking about John the Baptist. But the other half of the scriptur is talking about an Elijah to come. Amen. That will restore all things when the judgment is about to strike. You know, I was telling you about Sodom. You know, before that judgment strikes, there's going to be an Elijah to come at the end time. Amen. Before his second coming. Amen. So, we start to see that scripture doesn't make a mistake. There's no place the scripture makes a mistake. It lines up perfectly all the way through. as he talked to Zachchariah, as he talked in Mount Transfiguration, as it as the reference to John John the Baptist talked about himself saying, "I'm the fulfillment of uh uh what was it? Uh I'm the fulfillment of of uh Isaiah 40. Isaiah 40 3 and five." So you see he's he John the Baptist himself referred to exactly where did I have that right? Yes. Isaiah 40 and3. See so so you start to see that that the the the details where God is trying to to to bring uh people to recognize where they're living and how they're living. the road to Emmus. You might say, "Well, that would have been wonderful to know the signs of the time." But when we stand here and start to look at modern events that are made clear by what God has revealed in his word, by what God has revealed through his messenger, by what God has revealed through his people, by what God is revealing through our ministers that have the five-fold ministry, it's going to bring you to a a realization of how close we are to his coming. Amen. Amen. And uh so so what are we looking at? Flashing red light of his coming. If you look at that, you start to recognize that certain things are going on. Population is getting too big. The world can't handle the population. They're saying we got to we're we're going to if we could continue on with a population explosion, we're going to stop being able to produce the food. especially with climate change. We're not going to be able to produce the food that all the population is going to need. uh the uh ungodly attitude that the people are coming into with the uh uh uh I guess with the internet and the and the and the the the the coming of a cell phone and all these things, you'll start to see that there's become such an ungodly attitude where you can start to see Satan's Eden is beginning to push into its push into everybody even trying to push into the church. So, you start to see that Satan's Eden's coming on. Sodom and Gomorrah, uh, homosexuality, you could see that that particular thing, they're it's running rampant. Abortion, people don't want to have children. And if they do have children, if they get pregnant, they're killing the children before they're born. Uh, so simple. The morning after pill, you can just take that and abort the baby. So, what are they doing? They're making it simple as just a pill to take. Amen. Politics. You know, you can see where politics is leading us. Our economy, you know, what I thought I was going to have a decent retirement with it laying in the stock market makes it look like where's my retirement? No retirement no more. So, what are we doing? We're going to have to work for the rest of our lives. I don't know. But I do know God's coming. The Lord's judgment is hanging over. World War II, Iran, Hamas, Israel, all uh Hezbala, the hopes, all these things are signs of the time telling you that, hey, we're coming close to the coming of the Lord. Looking for the faith that was once delivered to the saints. We look at look at Israel. Look, you know, Brother Bram always said that Israel was a time piece. If you look at the book of Daniel, it tells you it's a time piece. It gives you more or less where we're at living in today. Because you if you look at the book of Daniel, it goes to telling you from this time to this time when the Messiah was here. From this time to this time, the the the the uh the re the return to Jerusalem was there. It gives you time a a time pattern and you can look at that time pattern and say, "Hey, look, we're at the end of it." Amen. There's not the coming of the Lord and the and the and the and and the the the rise up of the of the Antichrist and all these things. They're on their way. They're on their way. So, what are we looking at? We look at the the the the the big pull for AI chat GPT. Wonderful. It speaks way better than Siri. It speaks way better than your your telephone questions. You ask the internet and it gives you but this one here can put together everything. It It seems great. AI seems great, but guess what? They're installing those things in robots. They're installing them on self-driving cars. They're installing installing them in the weapon. And the weapons will be able to to fly through the air and say, "Is this a friendly or a foe?" And it makes the decision. Not some man in the background saying, "Hey, I got my sights there. Is this a enemy tank or is it a friendly tank?" No, the AI's got to make that decision. You going to trust AI to do that? They say it's better than human. Hey, self-driving cars drive better than humans. Does it really? I don't know. I'm not ready to trust them. So, what are we looking at? Satellite satellite lasers. They're they're, you know, they call it the space force. They got to have control of space. They got to have control of satellite weaponry. Well, guess who's going to have, if you look at your scriptures, guess who's going to have control of satellite weaponry? The beast. He'll call fire down from heaven. Amen. You you look at you look at the things if you look at scriptures weaponry the the the weaponry space weapons and uh of course uh uh the uh electromagnetic weapons things that could just knock out complete power grid over the whole world you know the these things are really they're they're coming to reality now and you start to look at judgment sitt hidden upon the world and you said plagues and things like that could happen. Yeah. What do you think? Uh when they when they can they can make it in a laboratory, they can make it spread anywhere. So judgment is hanging over this world. But by knowing the events and the prophecies that are given, you start to recognize where you're living. Amen. And as you recognize where you're living, you you you get closer to God. You know, I' I've I've watched a lot of I I watch Israel News, and there's a couple of Christian Jews that are telling trying to tell you the the it's called TBN News. You say, "Well, that's all a slant from the Israel side." Yeah, but you know, it's strange to see Israelites that believe that Jesus was the Messiah. Amen. You know, and they're telling the news and I and and I I says, "Well, but you know what they're saying? They're saying, "Pray for us. Pray for Israel. Pray for for Jerusalem." He says, "We know we know that Christ is the Messiah and he's got his hand on Israel." So, we So, we start to look and I look at that I I look at it as a sign. Look at Israel. It's a sign of the time, you know, and you start to realize that they're saying we're fighting a spiritual battle. This is not altogether just guns and weapons and all this stuff. It's not just that. It's not just bombs and and stuff like that. It's it's it's a it's a spiritual battle that we're fighting. And we're fighting in the sight of good, they said. Amen. So, you start to see, look, the bride, when you look at at that where we're living, we look at the bride. The Bible says the bride has made herself ready. The coming of the Lord is at hand. He knows who you are. He knows what you're fighting for. He knows where you're where you're standing and what you're coming up against. But, you know, like you say, our fight is not against flesh and blood. And you know, even though at brother Brandham's day it was really strongly against denomination, it's not so much against denomination anymore. Our fights become against worldliness, selfishness. The selfishness that's taking over this planet and no, you know, it becomes that every little kid that's growing up is saying, "What's in it for me? What's I want it? I want everything. I want it. It's mine. It's mine. I don't want to share. Where is this coming from? You know, if I can't have it, Cain should I mean, Abel shouldn't have it. You know, you know, you you can say that, hey, look, you look at at Cain and Abel and you start to see that, hey, the attitude that the world is coming into, it's just plain simple worldliness. In uh St. John 15:19 it says, "If ye were if ye if ye were if ye were of the world, the world would love its own." Amen. St. John St. John 2:15, it says, I mean, 1 John 2:15, the Lord said, uh, if if a man loved the world, the love of the father or the love of God is not in him. And then St. John 15:19 it says, "If ye were of the world, the world would love you, love his own. But because ye are not of the world, but the but I I have chose but I have chosen you out of the world. Therefore, the world hateth you." Amen. So the world's the biggest pressure against this bride. Amen. Against the really it's against our youth. A lot of people are lo losing their youth just to the world. And the reason they're losing their youth to the world is because you know sometimes we're not giving them the best example. The best example is living by faith. Amen. Amen. Let's let's stand to our feet as we get ready to close. Amen. Take a look at what's happened in the last few years. It's no longer I mean I would be happy if my uh uh siblings and my and my would would at least become a good Baptist. I'd be happy there. I mean they could function. But the world's tearing them up. The lust of the world's tearing them up. Amen. Drugs, alcohol, world, the world's just they're losing their minds. And what and what what are they gaining? I'd be happy if they would just seek God and and and and just just just be a good denomination person or even just be functional. But they can't even function if they don't have Christ. And the whole world needs Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. But events made clear by prophecy, you start to recognize the day we live in without Jesus, we're all lost. Amen. Let's let's clo let's pray. Our dear and precious Lord and heavenly father, we're so grateful, Lord God, for your the manifestation of your kingdom coming, Lord God. And Lord Jesus, we pray, oh Lord, that you be merciful. Open our understanding to your holy word. Lord God, help us, Lord Jesus, to recognize all the things that you've done that are bringing us to a place where we can see the truth that's been manifested before us. That your ministry, Lord God, would help us to see the power of your resurrection, the manifestation of your glory coming in our midst, Lord God. Lord Jesus, we love you. We pray you bless each and every one, Lord God. Anoint each and everyone. Fill each and every one of us, Lord God. Help us, Lord, to serve you with all that's in us as we pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Brother, amen, brother [Music] Wayne. Turn it off. Awesome in this place. I have a father. Enjoy the message. Then let's reap the benefits. Let's see what God has for us. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. Sing it to him. Oh, you are awesome in this place. Mighty God, you are awesome in this place. Aba Father, you are worthy of all praise. To you our life we raise. You are awesome in this place. mighty God. I often thought about those people, Cleopus and the ones. They walked with Jesus, but they didn't know who he was until right at the very end of their walk. Had you'd rather been them to see him personally, or you'd rather live today where we know who he is, we know where he's at, and we know the word of God was sent to us. We don't have to guess. Our heart should burn within us all the time. Not just on the journey going down a road for six miles. Mighty God. Sing it to him. You have a need. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God, what an awesome time to live in. And you are awesome in greater than even when Jesus was walking on the earth. This is the ending of all things. You are worth the last of our praise. And he saved the best for last. You are glory. We understand and our heart burns all the time to know more about him. Mighty God. Sing it to him one more time. Oh, you are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Thank you, Lord. You are awesome in this place. Ab father. You are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Amen. Let's give our brother a good hand. Always love brother Daniel and sister Debbie coming to visit and we sure appreciate him. and uh they just don't stay long enough. But uh we sure appreciate them coming and uh and being with us. They didn't I didn't think I don't they just come to see us. I don't know that they come to see Rachel and and Timbo, but I know they come to see us. So we always love him coming here with us and speaking for us and pouring his heart out. And we sure, as I said before, I thought about that one time. You know, you you could they were standing with Jesus walking with the man, the man in a glorified body. All right, this is after the resurrection, right? He was in a glorified body. He was walking with them down the road. They didn't have a clue who he was and he started at Moses, something they were familiar with because it was not a New Testament at the time. They were familiar with the Old Testament, though they knew that Torah and he took him and just walked them right down and showed them who he was. And it still took him a while to see because he had then showed him a sign. He showed him a sign and when he showed him a sign of breaking the bread and got them in there where they were communing together, they they found out who he was. But what was what was so awesome is they let he he disappeared out from away from them. He's not going to disappear from me and you. He said, "I'll be with you even in you till the end of the age." So I'd rather be in this age. Amen. I'd rather have the Lord Jesus inside of me instead of having him walk beside me. It'd be wonderful. We're going to walk with him for an eternity. But now, what about right now? What about today? Today is the day of salvation. Today's the day he wanted he wanted that day, brother John. When he was hanging on a cross, we were on his mind. Amen. But now we're coming down to the last part of the names. Hallelujah. There's no more names of church ages. This is it. Amen. So, I'll promise you, he's going to call the last name. And when he does, we're getting out of here. We're going to leave this place. Sure. As brother Aaron saying at Dad's funeral, you know, some call it heaven. I call it home. This ain't home then. This is not home. We're going to a physical place in a few minutes that you call your house, but it's not your home. That's right. Your home is where Jesus is. Amen. And he's in your heart now, but you're going to get to live for an eternity. Praise God. You love the Lord. Uh this weekend, remember 11 o'clock at the park, uh it's where we went. It's where we always have our functions at starting at 11:00 continuing through the day. And remember that Sunday now after we have our service here, have communion and footwashing, um Mike will be back with us at 4:00 at my house. For those of you that had not have not um practiced shooting, um you're sure welcome to come down and and we will um we'll continue that. But uh remember all these uh announcements coming up, special meetings and all. Also, we got someone that's going to be leaving us for a little while and she's going overseas. Sister Bella is going to take a take a trip. So, we're going to ask her to come up here and we're going to pray for traveling mercies for her. She's going to go through Europe and parts unknown. So, we're going to give you a prayer cloth and we're going to say a prayer for you, okay? I wouldn't want my kid going somewhere without a prayer cloth. I promise you that. Not even to the house, much less across the ocean. Let's bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, Lord, I pray that you'd bless our sister, Lord, that she'll take Jesus Christ wherever she goes, Lord, and presents it to the people. Father, I pray that Lord that she'll have a wonderful time. Nothing will harm her hurt, Lord. She won't get sick. And Lord, she'll have a wonderful time in you, Lord. And give her a safe trip back, Lord. Be with the parents, Father. I know that they're going off, too, Lord. We'll pray for them in a little while, but our sister's leaving Saturday. And we pray that you'd just be with her, Lord, and and take her in your hands. Yes. And all things will be well, Father. In the name of Jesus, we pray. Amen. We're going to miss you. Return. [Music] But if you get an opportunity, just say a prayer for her while she's gone. Say a prayer for her. She's been in another country and I know she's used to traveling, but that's a bad cruel world out there and it's big. But we got a bigger God. Amen. We got a bigger God that can be with her where parents can't be. He'll be right there with her. He said he'd be right there in you till the end of the world. Amen. So, we just keep her in prayer until she gets back. How long you been gone? A week. Yeah. Okay. So, just pray for her and uh pray for the parents having a kid being gone. So, just pray for them. So, all minds clear. Let's bow our heads. Lord, thank you for the word we've heard today, Lord. Father, we know one thing's for sure that as our brother said, your word is absolutely just dovetales. Every time we read a scripture or bring a scripture to light, Father, it just dovetail with the rest of the Bible. That's because you wrote it and you're perfect. You can't write anything else. You can't make a mistake. And Lord, we put our confidence in that that that we'll hear from you through scripture, but it has to be spoken by human lips. So, thank you for bringing our brother with us today, Lord. and we love him. We appreciate his ministry, Lord, and we appreciate his wonderful spirit and his wife, Lord, and the family's always been dear to us. We pray that you'd be with them, Lord, as they travel back, I think, in a few more days. They're going back, Lord, to to uh New Mexico, Lord. I pray that you'd be with them, Lord. Cover them by your blood and give them safe journey, too, Father, as they come back, Lord, and visit, Lord, whenever they can. Father, I thank you for all these things you've gi Lord. Thank you for giving us a five-fold ministry, Lord, that that can grab your mind, Lord, and speak it. Father, I pray that you'd bless each one. Heal the sick. Be with the ones that are traveling, Lord, somewhere else, Father, and back. I pray that you'd be with them until we come back together, Lord, on Sunday. I pray that you'd bless each one. Give each one a special blessing, Lord, the rest of this week. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you. See you Saturday. [Music]
