################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - 25-0427am - Whats Bugging You - Chris Long - Chris Long.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   25-0427am - Whats Bugging You? - Chris Long
Speaker: Chris Long
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G9jQYRql-1s
========================================

[Music] I'll praise him wherever I can. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me wherever I go. Oh, wherever I go, I'll praise him whenever I can. And I'll praise him for him. Love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I was thinking of a scripture. James 4:7. We often says resist the devil and he will flee from me. But the scripture says first submit yourselves unto God and the devil will flee from you. Amen. So you got something out front to resist with when you take God. Amen. We're going to read this morning from Psalms 42 verse 1- 11. Let us pray first. Lord Jesus, we thank you this morning for this opportunity that we have to come together to worship. Father, let us forget about all things that hinder us or turn us away from the word of God. For your prophet told us to stay out of the ball ballpark of Satan for he's control of that. Lord, let us walk before Jesus and follow his way for he would lead us and guide us into all truth and understanding. So, Father, if there be any here, Lord, with problems of sickness in the body spirit, Lord, we pray that you would take it away. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Psalm 42 verse one. As the heart panth the waterbrook, so panth my soul after thee, oh God. My soul thirstes for God, for the living God. When shall I come and appear before God? My tears have been my meat day and night, while they continually say unto me, where is thy God? I remember these things. I pour out my soul in me. For I have gone with the multitude. I went with them to the house of God with the voice of joy and praise with the multitude that kept holy. Why art thou cast down, oh my soul, and why art thou disqued in me? Hope thou in God, for I shall yet praise him for the help of his countenance. Oh my God, my soul is cast down within me. Therefore will I remember thee from the land of Jordan and from the hills of the deep callth unto the deep of the noise of thy water spout. All thy ways they they build are gone over me. The Lord will command his loving kindness in the day and in the night his song shall be with me and my pray. I will say unto God, my rock, why art thou forgotten me? Why go I mourning because of thy oppression of the enemy? enemies daily. Why art thou cast down, oh my soul, and why it is within me? Hope thou in God for I shall yet praise him who is the health of my countenance and my God. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. I believe each of us can say this morning, he truly is their help. Amen. He is our strength, our rock. And there's such a deep that cries out. Sometimes you go for a while and there just something a deeper hunger that wants more of him. And it's him calling out to him through you. And it's such a beautiful picture of redemption. Brother Kern, would you come this morning and take up our ties and offering I want my We pray. Amen. Amen. I don't know about you, but sometimes you just long for that resurrection. There's a time where you just want to leave this world to see the ones who went on and get ready to meet him in the air. Amen. Some glad morning we shall see Jesus in the air coming after you and me. Joy is to share. All rejoice and there will be when the saints arise headed for that jubilee under in the sky. Oh, one singing. Oh, what shout it on that happy morning when we all shall rise and know what glory. Hallelujah. When we meet our blessed savior in the sky. Seems that now I almost see all the seated rising for that you believe. That's amen. In the twinkling of an eye change with him to be all the living saints to fly to that you believe. Oh, what singing? Oh, what shouting on that happy morning when we all shall ride. Oh, what glory? Hallelujah. When we meet our blessed savior in the sky. When with all the heavenly host we begin to sing. Singing in the Holy Ghost, how the heavens will ring. Millions there will join the soul. With him we shall be praising Christ through aes long. Oh, I shall on that morning when we all shall rise. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. When we meet our blessed savior, let's sing that last words again. And when with all the heavenly host, we begin to sing. Oh, singing in the Holy Ghost, how the heavens will ring. Millions there will join the song. With him we shall be praising Christ through ages long heaven jubile. Oh singing oh shouting on that happy morning when we all shall rise. Oh what glory hallelujah. When we meet our present savior in the sky and no one sing. Oh sh on that happy morning when we all shall rise. Oh what glory hallelujah. We shall meet our savior Jesus. Give him a hand clap of praise this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. There are some things I may not [Music] know. And there are some [Music] places I cannot go. is sure this but I am sure of this one thing. My God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. My God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed and made me [Music] whole. His love for me is like your [Music] gold. My God is real for I can feel him in my soul. Some folks may doubt, some folks may score. All can go on and leave me alone. But as for me, oh, I'll take God's heart. My God is real. For I can feel him in it. Oh, is your God real to you this morning? My God is real. Real in my soul. [Music] My God is real for he has washed and made me whole. His love for me is like pure gold. My God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. [Music] I cannot tell just how it fell when Jesus took your sins away. [Music] And since that day, oh yes, is that hour. Oh, God has been real. For I can feel his holy power. Oh, hallelujah. My God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. His love for me is like miracle. My God is real. For I can feel him in my soul. Sing it to spark. Oh my God is real. He's written in my soul. Oh my God is real. For he has washed and made me whole. His love for me is like gold. My God is real for I can't feel in my soul. Hallelujah. Amen. It's so good to serve a reality, a real God that speaks back and guides us by his spirit. Amen. Let's sing that uh song. How great is our God? We'll sing this song before Wade comes up. Do you believe your God is great this morning? We know he's a God that knows our life, our end, our beginning, and all that we're here. But, you know, God's really been dealing with me lately on purpose. What is your purpose here? You know, there's a brother that said something a couple of weeks ago about the difference between happiness and joy. And there's a lot of happy moments we have in our life. They come and go, but the joy of the Lord, that's our strength. that never changes and that gives you purpose when things in life don't go your way and and you just don't know what to do and you just fall to your knees and cry out. That joy of the Lord keeps you. When brother Brandham went through the hard trials, he said, "I didn't keep myself. It was him that kept me." And that's what's keeping us every day in his presence. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? I'll sing. How great, how great is our [Music] God. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. You know, we see how great, how great is our God. Oh, the splender of the King. Oh, he's clothed in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. Let all the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light and darkness tries to hide and trembles at all that voice trembles at the voice. How great is our God? Sing with me. How great is God. Is he great this morning? How great, how great is our God. Oh, sing it with all your heart. And oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all see how great how great is our [Applause] God and age to age he stand. Oh and time is in his hands. The beginning and the end. The beginning and the end. The God and three are one. Oh, great revelation. Father, spirit and son. The lion and the lamb. The lion and the lamb. I'm singing. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all see how great how great is our God. Oh glory to you. Oh yeah. Oh how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all sing. How great. How great is our God always the name above all names and he's the name above all names. Oh, you are worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, is the name above all names. And he's worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. Let's all sing. Oh, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And I will sing. How great, how great is our God. You love him. We adore him. Sing it to him. How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all see how great how great the Lord is. How great is your God? The name above all name. Oh, he's the name. He's the name above all name. That's the name you took when you got born again. You took all the names. [Music] Oh, sing it to him. Our God. He's the name of our name. We know that name. He's the name above all name. He's worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. Let's sing one more time. How great is our God. Sing it to him. Oh, how great is he our God. Sing with me. How great. Thank you, Lord. Thank you so much. How great how great is our God. Amen. Hallelujah. Turn around, shake somebody's hand, say, "God bless you." Good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to have each and every one of you here with us. Oh, what a great What a mighty God we serve. What a great time to be gathered with saints that love him, too. You know, we rub shoulders with the world for days. But now, you get to rub shoulders with what? Deity. You get to rub shoulders. I'm going to say it one more time. With deity. Amen. Deity veiled in human flesh. You're sitting and standing right beside that. God is inside of each and every one of you. Yes, sir. Good to see you, Lois. And you brought your new husband. Wow. Bless your heart. Good to see you. They've been here before. So, good to see you guys. God bless you. Uh we have a brother that drove all the way from Kenya. He's here today with us. So, we just when he said he I said, "Where you from?" He said, "Kenya." So, I mean, I said I figured he was from He's from Kenya. But he is from Kenya, but he's moved here in the area. And uh he brother u I said Anderson you need to come out here and talk to this guy because he's a former can he's a canyon too. So uh God bless you brother. Thank you for coming. You just worship the Lord in the way you worship the Lord. And uh we appreciate you coming. Appreciate all of you. Thank you yesterday for all the food and the fellowship we had yesterday. M we had a good time and brother Chris is going to come and and give us the words that we have we want to hear. Amen. And we need to hear. That's right. That's what he's going to bring today. What? You come and you take your petition today and you give it to God and he'll speak through brother Chris and he'll answer your questions for you. That's the way I love the God that I serve. He'll answer all your questions. Amen. Amen. Good to be alive. Good to be a Christian. Good to have each and every one of you here. Let's sing as our brother comes from Flagstaff, Arizona. And they're heading back this afternoon later. And Sister June and I are going to be on the road. We're heading up toward the to the um pastor's convention this week. So, just to keep us in prayer on the highways and them too as they fly back, says Joanna, thanks for coming with him. Thanks for bringing him. We appreciate that. But we want to hear the word of God. We want to hear what the word of God says for today. Yesterday's mana is okay, but not today. Today's mana is fresh. And we're going to get fresh mana today for our brother Chris Long. Let's [Music] sing words long reserve for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Let the word of God impart today what you need. Words of life. Words of hope, give us strength, help us hope in this world, wherever we run, the word of God will guide. Don't you believe that? Oh, word of God is ever true. It'll change me and it'll change you. It's changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God imparton holy words of our faith. Hand down to this age. The final voice to the final age is today. Came to us to sacrifice. Oh, he the faithful words of Christ. Holy words long preserved for preserved so that you can hear it today. Thank God they resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Word of God is ever true. You believe that changing me, changing you. And we have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. Sing it to me one more time. The word of God true in me is changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Word of God ever true. Changing me and changing you. For we have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God improve. Amen. I like it. Amen. Hallelujah. It's an everchanging thing that God has provided for us until we finally get back. Yep. To what we have always been. But we just didn't know it. Exactly. He's revealing to us and allowing us to find out. Amen. Who we are. And I love every minute of it. Amen. I don't care how hard it seems or how rough the road gets or how much sacrifice has to be made. I love every minute of it. Amen. God bless you all this morning. It's a pleasure to be in the house of the Lord with you as always. God bless to those on the hookup and our home church will be receiving this message uh delayed. It's three hours difference there. Uh but so so God bless to them to the home church and and greetings in the name of the Lord. Let's get right into the word, shall we? Amen. I want you to turn into the book of Joel. I do have a it's a I'm really on the same line. I just keep going and going and God's word is eternal. Amen. The book of Joel, if you would, first chapter, God's word is eternal. Amen. There's no really there's no really stopping point. Right, brother? But because we're creatures of time, we have learned that there's a place to get in. Yeah, right, brother. But once you get in, don't get out. Stay right there because it's an eternal word. Amen. So, if you'll go to the book of Joel, the title of the message this morning, you think it's going to be weird, but I could have gave it something plainer, but I want to I want to I want to ask you a question. The title is, "What's bugging you?" Okay. You might think that's a Maybe I just gave it that to get a giggle out of you, but really there's more to it than that. Okay. Amen. So, let's get into God's word this morning. You got Joel chapter 1. I want to read verses 1-4 to begin. The word of the Lord that came to Joel the son of Pthe. Hear this, ye old men. And give ear, oh ye inhabitants of the land. Hath this been in your days? Or even in the days of your fathers? Tell ye your children of it, and let your children tell their children, and their children another generation. That which the palmer worm hath left hath the locust eaten. And that which the locust hath left hath the cankerworm eaten, and that which the canker worm hath left, hath the caterpillar eaten. Now, I want you to drop down to verse 10. Of course, reading the entire scripture is fine, but for the sake of time, verse 10, the field is wasted, the land mourneth, brother. For the corn is wasted, the new wine is dried up, the oil languisheth. Now, if you catch the types here, brother. Amen. Yes, sir. Be ye ashamed, oh ye husband men, howl. Oh ye vine dressers, for the wheat and for the barley, because the harvest of the field is perished, my the vine is dried up, and the fig tree languisheth. The pomegranate tree, the palm tree, also the apple tree, even all the trees of the field are withered because joy is withered away from the sons of men. Right? Let's pray. Father, there are so many things, Lord, in in the word of God that pertain to every hour that has come past us, Lord. But, Father, today you have informed a people. You have raised up a group of people, Lord, here and there, Father. Yeah. Who will endeavor to take you at your word. Amen. And every word of it, Lord, realizing that all scripture and prophecy is compound, Father, this was not just something spoken, Father, in the days of Joel, for the days of Joel, Lord, but it was prophecy, Father. We love you for it, Lord, because it is a prophetic group that gathers here this morning, Father, to receive spiritual food in due season. Help us now I pray Lord each and every one of us let us be attentive father to your word I pray that the spirit father the holy spirit that authored the word father would become the anchor of our hearts it's for your honor and your glory that we ask and pray lord in Jesus name amen go bless you may be seated now I don't know if you I if you recognize some of these things, but I want to start off slow. Uh I I've been given to understand that things have changed since the last time I was here, and that is that you just have one long service. Not too long services, long service. Well, every service for me is long. Every day is long. I didn't make it that way. I was born that way. But again, I'm only using these references so that you'll catch Amen. what's going on. Right, brother. Okay. I'm going to take my time. Amen. I'm going to I told my wife I'm going to throw her down into granny gear this morning. I'm just going to pull out on the throttle and let it move along as far as it'll go until we run out of gas. Now again, I'm reiterating this so that you'll catch what where I where I I'm coming from and where I want you to go with me. And that's I I'm using a Scullfield Bible. I'm not promoting it. So don't nobody think that. But but again, this is the book of Joel. The book of Joel was was authored approximately 800 BC. Right now, chapter one, there's a subheading, the plague of insects. It says introduction. Then you get down a little further and it says the desolation of the land. And a little further down between 14 and 15, the plague of insects. Listen now. A type of the day of the Lord. That's why I'm reading this to emphasize it's not just 800 BC. Now, this is prophetic and it's being broadcast. It was spoken through the mouth of Joel by God for a future time. Yes, it was happening then, but it was mis or not understood yet. All right? Because the prophets of old were moved by the spirit of God to just be used as a mouthpiece. Generally, the prophets did not record or write down their own sayings. They were in a realm where often times, if you've ever heard the prophet on tape, he would say, "Did I say that?" Yes. Are you the patient? Is that true? Because he was being used as somewhat of a mechanism to speak like Joel here. And so most of the prophets would get under that inspiration like a preacher should and like the hearer of the word should and they begin to be used by the spirit of God to move forward in time. Absolutely. Now, we always seem to want to go back, which is because we're creatures of time. We we we have to take uh the history that repeats itself and we have to begin to try to look at it in such a way where now wait a minute now I I've been here before has any this happened to anybody and and there you know there's a pattern that seems to be set and and it can be genetic and it can be your home life and it can be your job and it can be your personality but it but and then we we want to bring a course correction. So we we look we look back and and and we go now now I've seen these signs before. I've I've crossed this place and and I and I didn't like what happened before. So I need to change I I need to change direction. I need to stay here at this stop sign a little longer. I whatever it is I I need to get this right. I want to get I don't want to repeat the the historical mistakes that I've made. Amen. Amen. God has a way to fix that. You don't fix it by going back. You fix it by going forward. Amen. Kind of like in Ezekiel one, them creatures, they never went backwards. Whichever way they went, it was always moving forward. Amen. The wheel in the middle of the wheel. Amen. Right. Now, the reason that I'm presenting it this way to you is I want you to understand something. Now, God is not a creature of time. We We I'm telling you, brothers and sisters, young and old, whoever you might be, whether you're highly educated or have no education at all, it doesn't matter. God is eternal and you'll never figure that out. Amen. Amen. Amen. So don't waste any time and energy any energy on trying to fathom a creature that had no beginning. It doesn't even make sense. Yeah. Think about it. What do you mean it didn't have a beginning? Where's it been all this time? Yeah. Amen. There's the problem. Right. Time. Amen. But God instituted time because he wanted to cause problems so he could express his attributes. Right? Now, now that sounds sacrilegious what God wanted. Well, we we've been given to understand by the prophet that God sent us that it it it wasn't God's intention the way you and I would describe it. But God knew that when he began to develop his plan to express his attributes that that he would have to uh allow unknowingly unknowing to the public, unknowing to anyone else but himself. He would have to allow vulnerabilities. He would have to allow weak spots. He would have to allow breaches. He would have to allow He knew that. Now, now the the the God's the one who knew it, right? And he alone, but he realized that they would be exploited. Sure. By all other beings except himself, right? Amen. Right. That's why the emphasis, brothers and sisters, on the hour we live in for this moment. I'm talking about right now is that we came from God if we are the bride of Jesus Christ. Now, I I spend a lot of time preaching on something that a lot of people are beginning to get or not get, and that is there is a difference between Abraham and Lot. Yeah. Amen. Absolutely. Amen. Do you realize that? Read your Bible. Oh, Lot was in Sodom. Abraham was up there hanging out in the desert. Brother Brandham told us that Abraham was the poorest, richest man in the land. Cuz he said he was poor over here and he said he was rich over here. Well, he was rich in faith. Right. Amen. And then when you read in the book of Abraham or the book of Genesis about Abraham, you find out, well, Abraham had a lot of stock, man. I mean, he had some cattle and he had some this and he had some that. But see, Abraham did not measure himself by how much he had. Amen. Right. Abraham measured himself by how much he lacked. Amen. He wanted one thing and one thing alone and that was more of God. And he was willing to leave. Yeah. Right. Everything that was dear to him, that was important to him, that was valuable to him to reach that one goal. Amen. Okay. I know you understand that, but I want to emphasize it. Amen. Brother Brandham says this. I'm going to paraphrase it. It's in uh Christ is revealed in his own word. He's talking about how that uh they that that science looking through their scopes uh and their satellites and sending out their Sputnik and so forth. He says that they're looking for something. That's right. Now, what are they looking for? That's right. The end of the universe. If they find the end of the universe, now what? Yeah. They begin to probe the fabric of the end of the universe looking for what's beyond it. Yeah. Right. Amen. What is beyond it? What good would that do you? That's right. To explore a place beyond your ability to live there. Why? Why? Right? Why go to Mars? Why go to the moon? See, but brother Brandham said that one day, and I believe, brothers and sisters, that you're going to see it on the news, that they have discovered something that Einstein always knew. Yeah. Right. That light bends. Yeah. Absolutely. Amen. and that they are going to be looking through the James Webb super telescope someday and go, "What is that?" Hi, buddy. Brother Brenham said that they would find out someday that they're just looking in a circle. So then what are they going to see in that super telescope? They're going to see their backside. Hallelujah. Amen. You're looking this way. See, I want you to see something. Amen. If you want to get to the root of the problem, keep going forward. Amen. Amen, brother. Amen. Don't back up. Don't take your hand off the plow and turn around and look. just keep moving forward. But we struggle with that. If I was to go to chapter two in my Bible, the heading before the first verse is the day of the Lord, the invading host from the north preparatory to Armageddon. We haven't even fought the battle of Armageddon yet, but we are on the threshold of it. We do know that the king of the north is Russia. We're not afraid of Russia. I could care less about Russia. Brother Brandham said, "Don't fear communism. You fear Catholicism." Not because of the Catholic people. All right, brother. It's what's behind the movement, what's behind the regime. Amen. The diabolicalness. Yes, sir. PE. The people don't even know. Right, brother? Amen. But you and I have been given the opportunity to know. Amen. to know things that no one else knows. My wife and I were watching a documentary on the Great Pyramid and they're trying to figure out how they done it, why they done it, and we've been told that God allowed it to be built through a set of blueprints that Enoch had. Amen. I believe that you Well, brother, you just, you know, you're just taking God out his Yes, sir. Yes, I am. Amen. Right, brother. I've done a lot of things in this life, and I know there's one for sure and for certain thing that you can count on, and that's God's word. Amen. But in order for you to make sure and count on it, you have to get into it. Now, getting into it is going to cause you all kinds of problems. Amen. And that was God's intention cuz he wanted to express himself through his attributes. Now, I got news for y'all. We start writing down God's attributes and we'll say it's healing. It's salvation. Lot was saved. Yes, he was. Saved. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You get that? Lot had salvation. The prophet of God told us, "But something happened to Lot. His location by his choice vexed his righteous soul." Amen. Abraham refused to go down into Sodom. Now you're thinking it's a filthy, dirty place like most any big city on this planet or small town. Now they've brought the big city Yeah. into the small town. Exactly. You have access to anything and everything. It will vex your righteous soul. That's right. So quit thinking of Sodom and Gomorrah as a place that's going to burn. I can tell you that Malachi says the whole earth. It's going to burn with a fervent heat. So we believe in climate change, just not the one they're looking at. And I want you to see that as I move along. I I entitled this really that I give it titles to to provoke you, but it's really all about the two trees. And we see that there's an invasion. Now, this invasion began in heaven before there was anything. And it dropped down into God's creation called earth. And in the garden of Eden, this invasion g began. Right. Amen. It began by the invasion of an insect into a seed. Amen. Come on. If you don't know that, it's laying here before you now. Y right. Amen. And seeds are given for one purpose, to produce after their kind. That's right. Now, what happens when a seed is planted in ground that it can grow in and it's given all the proper things that are necessary for it to take root? Come on, brother. Okay. Now, brothers and sisters, I'm preaching to me as much as I'm preaching to you. We have something wrong with us. Amen. Yeah, that's right. Every single one of us. Amen. Amen. You want to know how I know that? Because there's something in each one of us that's not right. Amen. Amen. Now, we all come from different backgrounds. We all come from different parents, unless you're brothers and sisters. We all come from different an all related. Amen. Cuz I believe the Bible. Yes. Amen. Yes, sir. And the Bible says Noah, Noah was the father of all living humanity since the flood. Amen. But Noah had three sons. That's right. And each one of those sons represented something that was wrong with Noah. But Noah had something right. God looked down upon Noah like he looked upon Abraham and like he looked upon every son and daughter of God and said, "Now I see something in them they don't even know exists themselves." Amen. For instance, Noah was a farmer and God told him, "Pick up a hammer." You and I would be arguing, "I'm not a carpenter. I'm a farmer." Well, you going to become a carpenter, Noah, cuz you're going to need a boat. Think about it, brothers and sisters. I I want I want to bring it home. I don't care if this as far as I want you to understand the two trees working, right? Come on, brother. Noah worked 120 years building a boat for which science told him that things needs wheels. You need to put some wheels on that Noah cuz there ain't no rain in the sky. There was none. Amen. You see, we hear the prophet of God tell us that they looked through their scopes and they did their calculations and they told Noah there was no rain. They were telling the truth. Well, what they didn't know was what was coming. Amen. God saw a man by his choice messing around in a laboratory they had no business in. Amen. And they were building things. That's this this documentary about the pyramid was they can't figure they today 2025 the month of April they can't figure out how that py great pyramid was built and they never will but I looked over at my wife and I said doesn't it make you feel kind of good I feel kind of Good. Cuz I have decided that I believe God's word and God sent a prophet to respond to that. And we know what science doesn't know. They going to be scratching their head spending millions of dollars and they they they they're debating about why this and is it an energy source? Is it a tomb? Is it this and that? We can tell them what it is. They won't believe you. All right. You can tell them it's a Bible. Right. Never seen a Bible like that. Well, hand them this one and they'll go, "Ah, that's just a book written by man." Well, who made the pyramid? Look at all the time you're wasting. Huh? Amen. See, brothers and sisters, something's going on. That's why I'm tell what's bugging you. Cuz don't tell me there ain't something bugging you. Amen. Because the word of God says there is. And and Joel begins to be used by God to lay out something so that you can you and I could see this. So let me shift gears. I could spend all the day of the Lord, Armageddon. It's it's all about 800 BC. It's all the end time is right here. Amen. Everything written in this book points to one thing. Come on, brother. That's right, brother boy. The end. But here's the great part. It's just the end. For death. That's right. For sin. Amen. For unbelief. Amen. For unhappiness. Amen. For no joy, for disappointment, all the things you can lay out, it's the end for that. Amen. It's the beginning of the joy. Amen. Of the Lord. Amen. And the joy of the Lord is by strength. Amen, brothers and sisters. And I know it's yours, too. I'm going to read something to you so I can turn a corner. And believe me, brothers and sisters, I ain't trying to get done. Ain't happening. Out of Jehovah Gyra, part two, 76 of 62, paragraph 48. Look at Joel. He said, "It shall come to pass in the last days, Joel, last days, that God would pour out his spirit." How that there would come a canker worm and eat up his church. I want y'all to hear me now. That can worm is working in this building right now. Because of the serpent seed, two trees. Amen. Tree of knowledge of good and evil, tree of life. God allowed them to grow in the same garden, the same fenced in area, the same church. Amen. Come on, brother. Amen. Listen now. I'm going to bring it down. The same body. Amen. Uh this is two trees. Yep. The tree of life is working and the tree of knowledge of good and evil is working. Yes, sir. Depends on which one you give your time to. That will determine who has the strength. Amen. Now, the devil working through his tree has decided to destroy instead of give life. Amen. He's the only guy I know that wants to kill his church members. Amen. Right. He's trying to destroy you. Yeah. And you are his constituents as long as we're in this body. Amen. This sinful body of flesh. But he has no strength. Except what you and I give him. Amen. He has no power. Exactly. Except what you and I give him. And I ain't giving him nothing. Amen. Amen. Now, he'll take, but I ain't giving. Amen. You understand? And you need to have the same attitude if you're going to make it because of what's bugging you. Yep. Right. Cuz these bugs, this cankerworm and this this this this locust and this caterpillar and this I I look these words up. They all come Listen careful now. And my wife knows it. I'm not making a pun, but I'm going to say it from the same root. Yeah. Right. Amen. Right. Same root. The same root word. All four of these bugs were given names. Why? Why not just one name? Because they are working in four different stages. And they have been working on you since you were born. And they're still working on you. They're still in there. Want you to understand that. Oh, now I know that the self-righteous go, "No, I ain't got." You're in a body of sinful flesh. One of these four stages is working on you, but you don't have to let it have its way. Because the tree of life is there to come back. You with me? Listen to what the prophet said. There would come a canker worm and eat up his church. What the Palmer worm left the canker worm and the canker worm and the caterpillar and it's the same bug, same insect in four different stages. Each one eat a part. Amen. You realize that that it starts out with the b the bug eating the fruit. If there's a bug that's going to eat the fruit, that means the tree was ripe. It was mature. Amen. But you let that bug eat that fruit off the tree and after a while you begin to get bitter. Yeah. What did brother Brandham call it? The root of bitterness. Amen. It'll kill you. Because what a root of bitterness is there for is to see whether or not you'll cultivate it. You see, Adam was put in the garden to tend it. We're in the same garden this morning. Did you realize that? Amen. That every believer has the tree of life in them. And the tree of knowledge of good and evil because of the perverted birth, because of the fall. It's right here. Yes. Right. Yeah. Satan has his tactics and God has his way of combating it. Amen. We have to yield to God's way. Amen. And we're going to find out and we know it. We've been told it day in day out, hour in hour out. The only protection you and I got is God's word. Amen. It's the only protection we got. Okay. It's the only defense we got. Amen. Here come that old caterpillar on the cake worm or the cake worm and eat the bark off. So we can see that it's going to go, he says, and eat the bark off and the other eat the fruit off and then along comes the others and suck the life out of it. Yeah. A locust. The root of all four stages is the locust. When you look it up in the dictionary and it says grasshopper, ying. Don't touch it. See, you don't want the preacher touching you. Yeah. You don't want them them words of God touching something because you you get a little jumpy. Amen. No, no, no, no. He who who told him? Yeah. Did you tell him? I didn't tell him. That's right. Just knowing don't get nervous. See that? So, what I'm saying is it's it's the nature of the locust. Right. And one of the problems with the nature of the locust is it's not only jumpy, but it increases rapidly. You want to talk about offspring? Why do you think it was a plague? Absolutely. That's the I'm giving you the root of the word. Amen. and from the locust, the cankerworm, and from the cankerworm, the caterpillar, and from the caterpillar, the palmer worm. Now, remember, the reason why these four bugs are used is because God knew that Satan would try to employ a tactic that would begin to eat your tree of life down to the roots. Amen. I'm talking about religious people now. I'm not talking about worldly people. Right, brother? Amen. Talk about you and me. This wasn't given for them. This was given for you and me. Amen. Right. Hallelujah. All of them have one thing in common in their definition and that is to lick up, to devour and to ravage. Those are the connections to these four bugs. Amen. Now, it just depends on what stage of the journey you're in as to which bug the devil is using because it eats the bark, then it eats the fruit, then it eats the leaves, then it eats the bark, and the next thing is the sap. Right. That's why when brother Brandham and I said it yesterday about the So, so what about the sap to that man on this porch there out squirrel hunting? Yeah. Who tells the sap? Yeah. Well, if you know that you are being bugged by the devil, then you get that sap down in your roots. That's the Holy Ghost. Amen. rooted and grounded. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Sometimes it's got to hide in you for a season. Amen. But you stay like a tree. Amen. Planted by rivers of living water. Amen. You cannot be moved. Oh, the winds of doctrines are going to come and rock you from side to side. But if you got that life, that sap in your roots, your roots are only going deeper and deeper and deeper. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Let the wind blow. Who cares? That's right. Amen. Eat the fruit off. Then along come the others and suck the life out of it. You may think I'm crazy, but this is the way how I work. I looked up the word bug because he said it's the same bug in four different stages. You You'd think they'd give all kinds of crazy crazy definitions for bug. It's real simple. It's an insect. Now listen to the dictionary. I just used a regular old Mariam Webster dictionary and this is how it started out of the shoot insects. Then in parentheses it says such as an assassin bug. Can you imagine them starting out with that one? An assassin or a chinchbug? Who likes to stay in a hotel with bed bugs? Raise your hand. Of course, nobody does. Insects that have sucking mouth parts. I didn't make this up. I just got out of the dictionary. Why do they have sucking mouth parts? Cuz they're looking for one thing. Your life. That's right. Amen. And if they can get their lips and their teeth and their whatever they got embedded into you, they are going to start sucking the life out of you. But it's done in four stages. Amen. That's why what's going on today in the world, in politics, in the church, listen now, and in the message. Come on, brother. See, Lot followed the message. Amen. Abraham was the messenger and Lot left his hometown to follow the messenger. And the messenger and the messenger are but somewhere along the way one of these bugs got to bugging lot. Which bug was it? The one that said, "Hey, there's not enough to eat here for us." Well, you looking for a different message. Yeah. Come on, brother. Now, Abraham didn't have to say that. He did. He probably did not say it. We don't read it in the Bible, but he knew. Yeah. Abraham was spoken to by God. I'm going to tell you folks something. It's the reason why I love Mack, Shadrach, and Abednego. Why? because they went into the fire. No, the results of what I'm going to tell you is why they could go into the fiery furnace and not fear. They believed Daniel was God's prophet so much. Yeah. Amen. An angel visited Daniel. An angel never visited Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. They just listened to the angel speaking through Daniel. Right. and believe that was God's word. Amen. For their hour, and they refused, they had such revelation that they refused to worship Daniel. Yet they believed what Daniel said. Cuz we know a statue was set up for the worship of Daniel. And guess what? The prophet of God told us for our hour. The same way the gentile dispensation came in. The same way it'll go out. The worship of the holy man. Everybody's thinking the pope. Well, who is the pope? Yeah, brother. Think about it. I'll let that sink in. I know we're on broadcast, so I won't say that's all right like I say it at home. That's why I don't broadcast. Cuz I want my family to know when we're sitting at the dinner table, right? Let's talk. Amen. Did you know that sitting at the food table is how Abel found out what to sacrifice? Yes, sir. He didn't have a written Bible. He didn't have no tapes. No. He didn't have what you and I might call a prophet. Right. But he had something in him that Cain didn't have. Amen. The right seed. Amen. What caused Abel to get the revelation to sacrifice? I mean, think about it, brother. Put yourself back there. Come on. Nothing had died yet. How did Abel know? God didn't give him a manual. No. He didn't have human resources to go to. Right. He didn't have a helpline. He didn't have the internet. Right. But when it came time to sacrifice for what had been done, that's right. I I want you to understand he you and me are just he he just walked over there to his little pin and got out. He looked at lambs over and he found one with no blemish on it. Amen. Amen. probably his favorite lamb and put a rope around it. And the lamb's innocent. He's We're going for a walk. Yes, we are. Just like Abraham and Isaac were going for a walk. That's right. And he brought that lamb over to a to a an altar that was probably a a rock flat on the top. And he laid it down there and the lamb's innocent. He's like, "I'm going to get a massage." Think about it. I'm not saying it so much to be I want you to understand how it works. That's right. And then he had a sharp rock, piece of obsidian maybe or something, I don't know. And pull that neck back and slice that thing open. I'm going to tell you folks, Cain was up in arms. Yeah. What do you think you're doing? Come on. I tell you what, you try it in public and see what response you get. Yeah. You'll be in prison. If you make it Yeah. to prison. I'm not speaking against animal rights people. You understand? I'm talking about a mentality. Talking about the way people are. They give more. I can't I I can't express it. They they they give more to the life of an animal and to the life of a human being who's got a soul and a chance for eternal life. Amen. Listen now. I'm preaching this way because I don't want you to end up there. And that's what this bug is going to try to do. It is working its way through the message of the hour. It'll never get the message. No. Do you understand that? It will never touch the life. Where the danger comes in, and I know now I'm going to turn a corner. Where the danger comes in is the carrier of the life. Exactly. Right. Yeah, God knew that. God knew that if he kept his life intact that it would never be altered. But he got a carrier. Amen. A tree. Amen. It's the carrier. Think about it. What are they doing today? Trying to take apart the carrier. Right. Amen. They can't touch the life. can't touch it. But if they can get the car because that's all they see. They think if they destroy the carrier, they've destroyed the life. I got news for them. Easter morning proved them wrong. They tried to destroy the carrier of God's life. And he rose and said, "I'm back." And I didn't come back by going backwards. I come back by going forward. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brothers and sisters, this is truth. Not because I'm preaching it. I believe God's word. Amen. Everything that I preach, I preach out of the message of the hour. Well, so do a lot of men who are off. That's right, brother. But what they're doing is they're they're allowing one of these insects to alter. Listen now, careful. The carrier. That's why it's so hard. It would deceive the very elect if possible. Why? Because it's the carrier. Brother Brandham taught us in anointed ones at the end time. It is the very Holy Spirit that falls on the just and the unjust. You say, "Well, I'm a seed of God." But make sure that bug ain't working in you. Yeah. Amen. Right. Come on. Make sure. Have you got your fruit? Yeah. Right. Have you got your leaves? Yeah. Right. Amen. That's what brother Bam said the leaves did. They get up there in them quaking ass where I live and they just clap their hands all the time. A little breeze comes by and they and they really do. If you look at them, they look like they're clapping their hands and they got lots of hands. Yeah. Right. After the leaves, they get the bark. Brothers and sisters, do you realize that you and I are in some stage of this journey? And you might say, "Well, brother Chris, then there is no hope." Oh, there's better than that. Yeah. Come on, brother. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. There's faith. Yes. Amen. Amen. Faith will conquer Yes. everything. God set it up that way. I didn't make it that way. You didn't make it that way. The president didn't make it that. God made it that way. Amen. He wants you and I to understand something through the life of someone like Abel, even though it's brief. Abel by faith. Amen. Offered unto God. Uh listen now. Cain offered a sacrifice. Sure did. Cain worked harder. Yeah. Yeah. Sure did. Cain's sacrifice smelled good. Cain's sacrifice was beautiful. But it wasn't more excellent than Abel's. Hallelujah. Abel's sacrifice was excellent. Yes. Amen. Because he believed the message that God gave him by faith. How do you get faith? Faith cometh by hearing of the word of God. And brother Brandham tell you you said, "Oh, brother, you just said there was no written Bible. There was no way for Oh, yes, there was. He was sitting in church." Amen. Which is the dinner table, the lunch table, the breakfast table. And brother Brandham said he was listening to Adam and Eve discuss how they ended up outside that garden. So much so that Abel look would look back and he would see the two angels with flaming swords and he would say, "What are we doing out here?" Yeah. Does anybody feel that way? I feel that way. Right. What am I doing in this decaying, decrepit, painridden body that looks like it's being eaten away by those four bugs? I got news for them bugs. Destroy this temple. Hallelujah. Now, I can't raise it up, but the God that's in me. Listen now. I want to get this to the believers. God that's in us has already raised us up. That's why I started off with Romans 8:1. Do you see that in Romans 8:1 there are two trees? Think about it. Read it. Cuz if you read it and you go, "How in the world?" Then the devil start working on one of them bugs starts. It's a trinity. It's a trinity. It's a trinity. How could Paul say to our God and father of the Lord Jesus Christ that because Paul had a revelation Abel had a revelation. Everybody in Romans uh excuse me, Hebrews 11 had a revelation. Faith by faith they did all that. Brothers and sisters, you and I have to have a walk of faith. Amen. Amen. And faith goes against the grain of everything this world stands for because faith is belief in something for which there is no proof. That's why they send those satellites out there. They're looking for proof. Amen. They're not looking for God. They're looking for proof. Hallelujah. Eureka, we found it. Amen. Amen. Amen. I may have said this here before, I'll say it again. Do you know how many billions of dollars, trillions of dollars they spend on exploring for something they'll never find? I'll give them a discount. I'll tell them right now, it's without money. That's right. It's without price. Yes. He is here. Yeah. Amen. Now the religious people have challenged that. That's the reason why God is going to allow the ministry of William Brham to resurrect. Now you think I'm preaching return. Oh no. He never left. He's always here. Amen. I'll never forget listening to Charles Johnson live in concert and he he's playing and he's singing and he he don't see he kind of looking out on a congregation. It's like you get it. And he says, "Hold it. Hold it." To his band members, stop right there. guitars and the drums and everything gets quiet. He says, "I see there's a problem." He says, "You're all waiting for something." Come on. Oh, yeah. Lightning bolt. Electric shock. Pillars of fire. Come on. Something. Huh? This is This be, you know, come on. This man don't do nothing for me. I ain't trying to do nothing for you. Trying to get you to do something with yourself. Amen. Amen. Amen. He says, "I know what y'all waiting for. Y'all waiting for the Holy Ghost to come down in the meeting. I got news for you." He said, "You've been here for 2,000 years." You see, he's never left. Amen. Those four bugs are operating in each one of us. And what are they after? They really don't care about the fruit. They really don't care about the leaves. They really don't care about the bark. They care about the life. Amen. Amen. And thereafter that life that's in you. But brothers and sisters, if you've got the tree of Christ planted by the river of living waters in you, he can't touch that. Amen. He's going to gnaw on this tree right here until there ain't no life left in it. He cannot touch the tree of life. Amen. Couldn't touch it. Thank you, Lord. Look how Look, look, look. Brother Brandham's going to tell us something here in a minute. We should be eating off the tree of life every moment and every hour of the day. But watch this. He says, "Christ, that tree that was in the Garden of Eden, Christ, that tree that was in the Garden of Eden, there were two trees in the Garden of Eden. These two trees were set there for a birth purpose. Amen. That's what he says. And Eve, she was the tree of death. Wait a minute, ladies. Don't get upset. If she was touched. Yeah. Did you get that? And this is the same tree that was going to bring forth Christ. Amen. But it was not going to be touched. Right. Right. I want you to get this. You adults, you understand this. No one was going to touch Eve. Cuz only spoken words. We're going to produce what God had planted in that tree. You and I represent that original seed. Yes. Now, that's the reason why the spoken word to you and me is life. Amen. Because it's something that doesn't touch you this way. It's something that touches you down in the depth of your soul. And you can't explain it to your neighbor. You can't explain it to your wife. You can't explain it to your parents. You can't explain it to your children. You can't explain it to your friends. I'm going to tell you something right now. You can't explain it to yourself, but you know that you know that you know that it's working in you because you feel the life of the lifegiver. Amen. But death is still working in you. And there's the two trees. Right. Amen. See, the tree of knowledge of good and evil was set there by God. But I'm going to tell you that God said, "Don't you touch it." Amen. So why don't you get your hands off of it. Quit trying to make it something that it will never be. Amen. Huh? You see, we're always trying to work ourselves around to where we feel better or that we live better or that we worship better or that we are better. Get your hands off that. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Let go. Let God. Amen. Brother Brandham tells us the spoken word is the original seed that eventually Eve would have brought forth Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. People are like, "Every seed brings forth after its kind." Come on. Everybody knows this. How did Adam get here? It wasn't through propagation. Right. Amen. No, you all understand that. Yeah. Amen. The part that we're missing sometimes is that the fall in the Garden of Eden didn't happen literally when the serpent put his hands on Eve. You see, that's the way we're thinking, right? What I'm telling you to do is get your hands off. Don't touch that reason. Yes. Don't touch that conscience. Don't touch that memory. Huh? Don't touch that affection. Keep your hands off of it if it agrees with God's word. Amen. You still don't have to touch it. That's right. Get your hands off that education. I'm not talking about you're not going to school now. That's right. Don't get See, see you if you start to think you thinking down the wrong tree. I'm telling you, don't try to educate your soul into eternity. Don't try to educate your soul into believing. Don't try to educate your soul into becoming what God wants you to become. Let go and let God get your hands off of it. Amen. But we got to touch it. Yep. Touch. Touch. Touch. After a while, it's gone too far. Amen. Catch that. It's gone too far. But I'm talking about your soul now. I'm not talking about your natural body. Right, brother? Amen. After the fall, God said that's just the way it's going to be. But I'm going to start to work on my attributes, which are my children from a different angle. I'm going to work on them from the tree of life, which is Christ Jesus. Amen. Amen. You get that? Amen. That's how he wants to work on you and me. Yes. Amen. But if you let these bugs that Satan introduced into our natural life, they will begin to eat you away. And after a while, you'll find yourself, "No, I don't believe that no more." Come on, brother. Right. Yes, sir. Is there even a God? Prophets. Ah, those are just guys that came along and had a gift and were anointed and somebody started following them. Think about your life. Can I ask you who you following? Yeah. You know, you know, I can I can zero that in for you. What music you listening to? Because music comes from someone. And if you're following their music, see, it's like the message, then you following them. I know what music I'm following. Amen. Onward Christian soldier. Amen. marching to a picnic. No, marching as to war. Amen. With the cross of Jesus. Amen. Going on before. Amen. That's what the prophet saw in that vision. Now, unfortunately, there was a few folks that had tried to step out of line. Yeah. But fortunately, God had a voice in these last days that said, "Get back in line." Amen. Amen. Thank you. So if you fell out of line, get back in line. Amen. Don't fall back. Amen. Go forward. Amen. Right. Amen. I'm I'm going to close because see, brothers and sisters, look, I'm just giving you a small portion of what's available to you and I anytime we want it. Amen. And I'm going to tell you that it's not absolutely a want. It's a need. I want it because I knew I needed it. But I didn't know I wanted it until a need rose up and said, "You dying, boy. You're out. You're out of here. I was just 21 years old when that s Man, you must have been a wreck." No, I was on top of my game. Yep. But I realized I can't always stay on top of my game. Right, brother. That's how God got to me. And brothers and sisters, it takes some people, listen careful, 90 years. Amen. Cuz brother Brandham saw, can you imagine living 90 plus years on this planet without Christ? But finally, cuz one of the people he met beyond the curtain of time, don't you remember her? No, I don't remember her. She was 90 plus years old. Don't you be that one. You get it right now. Now is the time. Today is the day of salvation. Amen. Amen. Listen to what he says. And I always want to reemphasize to you folks, especially the younger folks who maybe don't study the things the way that us older folks do or that we're dedicated to doing. And that is that the woman, when you hear the word woman, it's always a type of the church. So don't think that God is talking down the woman. He wants you to understand that the woman is a type of the church. That's the reason why the women's standards are set too high. No, they're not. No, brother. You just ain't going high enough. Amen. Amen. Good. She was the tree of death if she was touched. And Christ was the tree of life. It don't say nothing about touching. Right. Now, by the woman comes death. By the man come life. Now when he stood here talking to the Jews, they said, "Our fathers eat mana in the wilderness for 40 years." Yeah. What were they doing? Looking back, looking back. Yeah. They hadn't touched a piece of that mana since their fathers touched it. Yeah. That's right. And he said, "And there everyone dead, but I am the bread of life, the tree of life that come from God out of heaven, that a man eats this bread and shall never die." That's right. God put saraphims there guarding that tree that no one would touch it. Now he's got seraraphims trying to drive them into that same tree. What's a saraphim? Is that a burner? They seen the vision. They wanted to the tree to get back without an atonement. But now after the atonement is made, the devil is binding them and blinding them. Excuse me. Turn them this way from the tree. Notice when Christ came on God on earth, he was God's perfect tree. David saw him in the first psalm. Tree planted by the river, rivers of water, many rivers, one water, many gifts, same spirit. His leaves shall not wither. See, that insect can't touch that tree. But that tree has got to be growing in you. Regardless of what the bugs are doing out here, that's why that's what's bugging you. I tell you what's bugging you. You're letting one of those insects in its form eat away something. They're there to suck the life out of you. Amen. Well, we just use pesticides in I got a pesticide for you. The word of God. Amen. It works. Come on. Come on now. Anybody in here got a green thumb and like to garden? We spend way more time picking weeds than we do picking fruit. See how it works? I want you to understand that. Picking weeds, waiting for the fruit. It takes a a half hour to pick the fruit. I've been with brother Wade over there at his daddy's garden and and and we can we can knock her down in 45 minutes or an hour. But the weeds WDE's been picking them for months. Come on. You say, "Well, why did God make it this way?" He just wants to see if you're in it That's right. for the long haul. Or if you're just in it for the flash in the pan, right? If you're just in it for the time, if you're just in it for the money, if you're just in it for the glory, if you're just in it for the feeling. Yeah. All those things have their place, but he wants to know if you're in it. Amen. Are you in me? Yeah, that's right. That's the only way that any of us can say I have the power to lay. I do not have the power to lay my life down. But the prophet of God said you could say it if Christ is in you. Amen. Because the same spirit that raised Jesus from the dead dwell in you. Romans 8:11. You got authority. You remember brother Brandham talking about John 1 and he gave us power and brother Brandham says notice in the margin of your Bible it says authority and he uses a little bitty cop of course I like to say Barney five some of you don't even know who he is just a little old scrawny guy that's always trying to go by the rule book and his hat don't fit right and and he's going to go out into the middle of the street and stop a 350 horsepower 90 mph pickup truck. Come on. don't even make sense, right? He was given the authority, by the uniform, by the badge, by what's behind it to hold his hand up. And that if the man's got any sanity at all, he's hitting the brakes. That's right. Right. That's right. Well, that's not power. Cuz power would be one of these superheroes that y'all are worshiping. Boom. I just stop it right there. Superman, he can make the world spin the other way. Yeah. I got news for you. He's a myth. Yeah. Come on. Amen. Why are we driving around our lives on myths? Yeah. Why? Why do we serve things that are just here for a time? Right, brother? When God has presented to you and I Yes. eternal life. Well, what are we going to do? Why does it matter? Yeah, that's right. Amen. We're going to live. Yeah. Yes. Well, I don't want to live like this. See, you're thinking the wrong way now. The reason you're living like this is because you're living like this. You start living for him. And you start to see beyond the sunset. You got to you get to see what the prophet saw behind the horizon. And I'm going to tell you something. I'm going to close with this. There's more, but I'm gonna close with this one. What does the seed of discrepancy produce? A root of bitterness. In the message seed of discrepancy 1861 1865 paragraph 50. We are all most all of us read the Bible. Brother Brandham gave a little margin there for folks that don't. Now like when Jesus come and he found that discrepancy contrary. Now he was the word made manifest. There's our problem. It's not just the word brothers and sisters. We got to have action. Amen. Okay. He was God's interpretation of the word. Yep. Every believer believes that because he said, "Search the scriptures for in them you think you have eternal life and they are they that testify of me." That's where we're looking in here for him. But what you need to realize is the reason we're looking for him in those scriptures is because that's where we think we have eternal life when really eternal life lays in the manifestation of the scriptures. Right. He He said, "I am the truth, the life, the way. I am the bread of God that comes out. I am." See, and they they they were stumbling over it. Why? Because he was the carrier. Amen. That's right. They just looked at We don't crucify you. Yep. That's right. We don't crucify you for being a good man. Nope. For feeding the poor, for healing the sick. We crucify you because you being a carrier have proclaimed yourself God. Right? Amen. Did you pick up something there? Now you all know why they're picking on the prophet. He's just the carrier. It ain't going to stop there. them bugs are in there and they're going to start working towards the life that you got that God gave you. Remember, it's just a carrier. That's right. It's the life that matters. Lay I can lay it down. See where it's coming from now? I can lay this carrier down, but the life of God that's in me can raise it up. The life that's in me from God came from God and it's going to go back. The carrier I don't even like this carrier. Yeah. Come on. All you got to do is look in the mirror. I know some of you think you're pretty and handsome and but that'll go away if time goes on. Because you'll begin to realize, man, I ain't half what I used to be. And then if you keep going, I ain't a quarter what I used to be. Brothers and sisters, it's truth. That's right, brother. I'm preaching this way because I want to work on your soul. Amen. Oh, I care about your body. If you're sick, get prayer. And believe in that prayer. Amen. If you got trouble, God has a fountain. But it's your soul that matters. That's right. That is the key. That's what them bugs are working towards. I'm going to tell you folks something. Them bugs will never get to your soul. That's right. Right. That's why God told the devil. You had Job. Don't touch his life. Because God knew that was his life and it wouldn't do the devil any good to touch it. That's right. Can I finish? Please do. Right. [Laughter] For in them you think you have eternal life, and they are they that testify of me. There you are. He was the interpretation of the word. And every born again son and daughter of God of this age. So now it's come down to you and me. Not every age. This agemen is the interpretation of the word. Amen. You are, he says, written epistles, read of all men. Do you realize that you are going to end up by following God to the end? Endure. Is that the word we were talking about? Endure to the end. You will become the Bible they read. Amen. They don't believe that book. No, they don't. No more than the Sadducees and the Pharisees believed it. Y but if they see you and me with the ministry a quick short work with the ministry of the capstone I'm just quoting to you brother Brandham you should know that with the ministry of the capstone the same ministry brother Brandham said that left now people say well that was brother Brandham he was the first sheath wave offering he was the first one to come to fruition but this refers to all of us we become the every bornagain son and daughter of God of this age becomes the interpretation. You are the interpretation of the word. But you've got to let the word live. Amen. Amen. It's got to become manifest in you. Well, brother, I mean, I don't I don't I'm not the guy to shoot off fireworks. He didn't say fireworks. No, you just live the life. You can be the most quiet, you know, unpos just just, but if the life is in there, you may not. That's why they're looking. Did you know that they think the pyramid, the great pyramid is a source of energy, and they believe that somehow it was drawing energy out of the earth. I got news for you. It wasn't drawing energy out of the earth. It was putting energy into the earth. Amen. Right? They just misunderstand its use. Think about it. Think about they're trying to draw the life. Scientists trying to draw the life out of the earth by trying to figure out how to throw the switch. Pull the lever for the pyramid. I see. I said these guys are out of their mind. This earth needs all the life it can get. But what does the bug do? The bug sucks the life. You see the same mentality? They want to suck the life out of the Earth for what? The moon? Sure. So we can go live on it. Come on. SpaceX and all them outfits. What are they going to do when they get to the moon? Pollute it. Destroy it. Well, let's go to Mars. Where are you going to stop? God is so good to us. Can I do one more thing as you stand? Because I I I promise the sister and and I know that it's it was God because it just plays right into this that I'm going to read the paragraph where brother Brandham says, "You make room for the Holy Spirit." Amen. Amen. Now, I got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight paragraphs highlighted, but I'm not going to read them all. I'm going to read the first one and the last one. Acts of the Holy Spirit 12:19 to 54. And I've wondered through the years when I'd see that and read it, I thought, "Lord, here comes men and women. I've seen them come to the altar and kneel down and cry and pray and go and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus and in a week later be out with the world again." I thought, "Oh God, surely your word is not wrong. I just can't understand it. But you, Lord, if I'll continue with you, you said your word would abide in me. So I continued with him. Did you catch that? So I continued with him until now. I see what it is. He has made it known. See, and I never knew it until the Lord just opened it up one day and there it was laying right before me. Then I seen them people wasn't what they was at the beginning. Amen. See, no man can come to me except my father draws them. It's not he that wants to be. It's God that elects it to be. It isn't whether you want it or not. You have nothing to do with it. It's God. He hardens whom he will harden. He has mercy on whom he will have mercy. That's right. And no matter who you are, what position you have, whether you're the president or whether you're a bomb on the street, doesn't make a bit of difference. God has mercy on whom he will have mercy. Now, I'm going to drop down to the last paragraph. Brother Bram said, "Well, excuse me, three little ones. If I tried to say, well, I'll quit drinking. I'll quit smoking. I'll quit stealing, lying, so forth. That's what I done." See, that would be my own. That's why I tell you, keep your hands off of it. See, I'd have something to brag about, but I didn't quit nothing. He just come to me and took it out of me. That's it. Then it ain't what I done, it's what he done. And then the Holy Spirit then abides, abides in and grows daily. just grows, making itself greater and greater, pushes out the things, the cares, the temptation as you overcome them, the Holy Spirit takes its place. Do you know what? If you got a real bad temptation of something that's not right, overcome that thing a few times and watch if your testimony doesn't bloom. Amen. on account of it. Two trees. One of them you and I have little control over. But if you've got the tree of life in you, it can say to this mountain, it can say to this tree, listen here, tree of knowledge of good and leave. I'm plucking you up by the roots. I'm getting rid of everything you stand for. And if you you all know about pulling weeds, you don't want that weed to come back. You find every root. Amen. Every root of bitterness. Amen. Find it. You don't have to confess it to the pastor. You just need to pluck it up. Amen. Amen. Let's pray. Father, you are so good to us. Lord, love you with all my heart, Father. Pray that these words, Lord, would take hold. Now, I know it's not up to me, Father, but you have chosen man to be used by you, Lord. And I can see why, Father. We're all frail. We're all have faults. We all have shortcomings, Lord. But you have chosen a handful of carriers. Lord, and even you won't let them get in your way. Amen. If they trip up along the way, Father, we found out through the life of the prophet, he just refused to go to one meeting and lost his wife and daughter. It was never the same again, Lord. Father, he refused, Lord, to listen to the words of the angel in Africa that told him, "You go up there with that brother." He let all them bugs bug him until Lord he went their way and he nearly died from a bug. You know what you're doing, Lord. If we just throw our hands up and we just surrender to you, Lord, and not look to the right or to the left. Don't look behind us, Lord, but let us focus on the prize as Paul taught us. It's for your honor and your glory, Father. We love your children wherever they meet. We love the people here in Georgia, Lord, because we believe, Father, they came here to hear from you. I pray, Father, that that was the end result of the service, Lord. That we would never look back, but always move towards you. for your honor and your glory. Lord, we pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. Thank you for letting me come and be a part of your life. Amen. [Applause] You dwell in you. That's right. Amen. If there's been that great, if there you will quicken your body by that spirit that dwells in you. Oh, you will. That's right. Jesus from the dead. Dwell in you. You believe that? Dwell in you. The only way you're going to get changed to dwell inside of you. There is you believe the Lord. [Music] You better believe there is two trees. One's bothering you all the time and the other one trying to help you not let that grief on you all over the [Music] place and that spirit that dwells in you with that same spirit that raised Christ from the that dwell in you. Who dwell in you? If that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you, oh dwell in you, oh it will bring on your mort. If that spirit leads dwells in you, oh w your mortal body, if that spirit dwells in you, and if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead, it dwell in you. dwell in you. And if that same spirit that raised Christ from the dead in you [Music] again might know you [Music] body in [Music] his brother. What's bugging you? We all have that problem. Something bugs us all the time. But like brother Chris said, I'm glad he ended it up. He says, "Root them up. Pull it up by the roots. And when you pull that thing up by the roots and you throw it, get it out of that soil, get it out of that soil that it was in, it dies. It can't survive. Because remember those two trees were planted in the same garden. And I read y'all a quote not too long ago when we were talking about the two trees that Brother Ram said their vines were intertwined. Wow. Hallelujah. Cuz it's going to be so close in the end time. It's not going to be a tree over here and a tree over here. Satan's going to intertwine itself and make himself look like that tree. Amen. We don't want to look like God. We want to be God. Right. I came from God and I'm going back to God. I came from the Garden of Eden. I'm going back to the Garden of Eden. Amen. I came from a body that was sinless and that's where I'm going back to. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Thank you'all all for coming again. God bless you. God bless you, brother, for coming. um make stuff at home. And just Lois, you can bring you back if you want to. He's a really nice guy. But good to see you. It's really wonderful. Thought about you guys the other day. Thought about your big brother. And I know just shake your head. I did too. But anyway, it tell him I tell him I love you. If you don't see you, tell him I tell him I appreciate him. And uh Lauren u tell him, please. So um all mine's clear. Like again, thank you for coming, brother Nate. Thanks for coming. How about coming up here and dismissing us in a word of prayer there, buddy? And if you can let go of them youngans you all had. And if y'all don't know, brother Nathaniel's day is brother Joe Green from Ruth Rutherford somewhere up there in North Carolina. And we sure do appreciate him. We watched him grow up as a little boy and now he's just a big old boy. So God bless you, buddy. Just miss us in a word of prayer. Amen. Let's all pray. Heavenly Father, how we've loved to be in your presence this morning, Lord. Just hearing the things of God and how our brother has brought these things out to us so clear this morning, Father. Lord, I ask as we leave this building, may we never leave your presence, Father. Be with us as we travel, be with us as we go our separate ways. Bless our brother Chris and his wife as they head back home, Brother Wade and Sister June as they travel. Lord, I pray that you just be with us until the next appointed time. Father, in your precious, holy name we pray. Amen. And amen. You're dismissed. Remember, Wednesday night, Brother Bob will be preaching and brother Donaldo will be here Sunday. Sister Jun and I will be in Jamaica. [Music] Every day that I live, I am blessed. When I wake up in the morning, when I lift my head into place, I bless you. I [Music] bless through your sunshine and rain. Even sorrow and pain. Oh, Jesus still is my comfort in God. And his love comforts me. And his grace has set me free. And someday I shall stand by his side. I am blessed. I'm so blessed. So bless every day that I live. I am blessed. When I wake up in the morning, when I lay my head to rest, I am blessed. Oh, I am [Applause] blessed. And I have choose for my
