################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-19 - 25-0319 - The Evidence of the Resurrection - Bob Black - Bob Black - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-19
Title:   25-0319 - The Evidence of the Resurrection - Bob Black
Speaker: Bob Black
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0t33529f4w
========================================

We are going to see the king soon and very soon. We are going to see the king soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Halleluah. Halleluah. We're going to see the king. And no more dying there. We are going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. And no more crying there. We are going to see the king. No more crying there. We are going to see the king. No more crying there. We are going to see the king. Halleluah. Halleluah. We're going to see the king. Yes. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the King. Yes. Soon and very soon we are going to see the King. Soon and very soon we are going to see the King. Soon and very soon we are going to see the King. Halleluah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the King. Amen. Amen. It's good to wake up in the mornings and have expectations. Amen. Glory. The prophet says some morning between 6:00 and 9:00. Amen. One of these days we won't have to worry about Monday mornings anymore. Amen. It's going to be a great day. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's let's sing Word of God Ever True as we change the order of the service. Holy words long preserved for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life, words of hope, give us strength. Help us cold in this world. Wherever we roam, the word of God will guide us home. Word of God, ever true, changing me, changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Holy words of our faith handed down to this age came to us through sacrifice. Oh, he the faithful words of pride. Holy words long preserved for our wall in this world may resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Word of God ever true, changing me and changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. [Music] Amen. Let's bow our heads in our hearts. Well, God, we're so grateful to be able to gather around your word tonight, Lord Jesus. Lord, we got the words laying on the page, Lord Jesus. The words that I could read from my notes, Lord, but what good would it do if your spirit doesn't come and quicken it to us? That's right. You told the woman at the well that the true worshiper must worship in spirit and truth. I pray God that your spirit will be with us tonight, Lord God, to give meaning and give us allow us to read between the lines and to give us the true essence of what your words say. God be with us, Lord, to give us encouragement. We pray and Lord bless the service tonight. Bless your people, Lord Jesus. Bless my lips, Lord, that you'll order my words exactly where they need to go, Lord. I pray, Lord, that you'll be with us. We ask you in your name. Amen. Let's turn to Numbers chapter 21 and we'll just take just a I don't want to tend to take the bone tonight scripture talk about the evidence of the resurrection. It's maybe strange to read the evidence of the resurrection over in Numbers, but you know the whole uh the whole scripture speaks of uh the Old Testament lays the foundation of of all the things that we read about in the New Testament that uh so we'll we'll just read this scripture here in uh Numbers 21 5-10 and it says and the people spake against God and against Moses Wherefore have you brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? For there is no bread, neither is there any water, and our soul loa this like bread. And the Lord sent fiery serpents among the people, and they bit the people, and much people of Israel died. Therefore the people came to Moses and said, We have sinned, for we have spoken against the Lord and against thee. Pray unto the Lord that he may take away the serpents from us. And Moses prayed for the people. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Make thee a fiery serpent, and set it upon a pole, and it shall come to pass that everyone that is bitten, when he lookketh upon it, shall live." And Moses made a serpent of brass, and put it upon a pole. And it came to pass that if a serpent had bitten any man, when he beheld the serpent of brass, he lived. And the children of Israel set forward and pitched in Noboth. You may be seated. The Lord add his blessing to the reading of the word. Now what what a scene this paints for us that the children of Israel as they were leading leaving all of the the the bondage and slavery that they had been in that uh they got to thinking about where they had come from and wishing that they were were back where where they got to kind of upset and griping about the predicament that they were in. And God just allowed uh serpents to come among them. And and now you think what a scene that would be to unfold is a bunch of snakes among the people biting them. And you know, maybe maybe today that there's not serpents biting people, but this this uh the effects of what the serpent did in the Garden of Eden is now still uh you know, plaguing many people with anxieties and depressions and and all kinds of things that, you know, they they you know, you people will say, "Well, I how do I get rid of this thing that I've been battling? How do I overcome this uh this this thing that that really came about because of the fall that you look at you look at your flesh and you were born the wrong way. And uh you know every one of us when we were born you know you watch your children being born and you think what a what a horrible world almost to be to be born into to know that everything the world is so greedy and and and and sinbased and everything's every everything is is offkilter because really it comes down to because one of of of taking one word off. Amen. and and and now you know all these people are being beset on every side by serpents biting them and afflicting them and and and killing them and taking their lives and and and this scene is unfolding and then Moses comes and and under the direction of God and takes a a a staff and puts a brazen serpent on it and lifts it up so that uh and to think what a promise that all you got to do it to be free of your affliction all you got to do is just look at the that brazen serpent and and really to think now that to just like today maybe it really we can be sure that there were at least a few that were so stubborn in their hearts that they would resist and just would not even look at the atonement that God had made for them. Amen. And and brother Brandon would lay this out. They said when there was a trouble and now you think about they had a trouble that they were afflicted on every hand by the serpents. Uh now what about us in this day? Amen. When there's a trouble it doesn't matter what the trouble is. God has always been the God to meet the need. Amen. When there is a need for his people. Amen. So this afternoon, no matter what your need is, if you're beset by the serpent, the fiery serpent, you can have confidence that there is a God that is that will meet that need. You know, every time on the street when you would down in Atlanta, you know, the ambulance would come by or the fire trucks would come by and and they actually would testify, the hospital, the Emory Hospital would testify of this story because they've got the staff and they've got the serpent twisting its way around the staff as a reminder to us that there is an atonement here in the Bible that God as Jesus promised that if I be lifted up, I'll draw all men into me. Well, he would he was lifted up as a symbol that he had taken on himself. All of the all of the curse, all of the the attribute, all of the things that that serpent symbolized, and he took all that on himself so that you and I would not be judged. Amen. And all we have to do to escape everything that the fiery serpent does is just look uh look with faith, believing on what Christ has already done. Amen. Now he said they had did wrong and they had sinned and done things that was wrong yet when they had need of healing. God made an atonement for healing when there was no atonement yet. But what a thing to think about tonight that despite all of our problems, despite all of our mistakes, despite all of our failings, you can look maybe maybe sit there in your seat tonight and think about all the things that we've done wrong. all the places where we fallen up short and all those places where they had fallen up short. But none of that mattered. All they had to do was look to the atonement that Christ had made. And you you think what that means is that God paid the price. He paid the price for your healing. He paid the price for your salvation. He paid the price. He He paid the price for every debt that was owed. And he what he did was he gave you the checkbook and said if you'll just I my name's already there signed in blood Jesus Christ. All you got to do is put your name next to mine and say I accept it and whatever you need tonight the price is already paid. Now that means you know you you grow as you grow up and go through life you start you start hearing bad reports from the doctrine. you st start hearing bad reports from your family members and for your father and your mother and different ones, the doctor will say this and the doctor will say, "Well, I don't know. It's past is past our understanding." But I I thank God that we've got this kind of a promise that we can look and it don't matter of our our own abilities, our own afflictions, our own self. It does none of that matters. But we've got a God who paid the price and and when he paid it, we can have confidence. We can have trust that he is worthy to to remit to us everything that he bought for us. Amen. Now, you think that in the face of every difficult, God will make a way of escape. Amen. He will do it if you'll just have faith and believe him is what brother Ram said. Now, in 1 Corinthians 10:13, there's a scripture that we read often. It says, "There hath no temptation taken you, but such as is common to man, but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted, above that you are able, right? But will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that you may be able to bear it." Now, you know, I I thank God that we've got we've got we we've been taught well and we have all the background of this. Thank God that we can look at this scripture and we know we can correctly place it that this is not saying that that that through life you're never going to have a job experience where maybe like Job that he lost all of his family and looked around he lost everything he lost all his barns lost all of this lo and and the the the crushing weight of that situation would truly be too much to bear to to get to a place where I I've got I I need I got to turn to God. I can't I can't do it on my own. Maybe you the crushing weight of of that doctor report where maybe you've only been given a few months to live or a few hours, a few days or whatever. The crushing weight. But now, so God allows sometimes you to you for you to go through situations that just squeeze out life, squeeze out the goodness from you like like grapes being squeezed out. So this ain't saying you ain't going to go through some bad times. bad times that are too much for you to endure almost too much for you to go through without God. But what it is saying is that through life, all the things that this that the that serpent in the garden has put on you, all those things that maybe you the genetic problems that you inherited from your mother and father and maybe all the burdens of debt that you inherited and all those thing all the temptations of trying to get away from pornography and trying to get away from all those bind battles that there's no way that God will make a God will make a way of escape. There's no no temptation too great that God will leave you without a way of escape. Brother Brown will say sickness is a direct or indirect cause by sin. Before we had any sin, we had no sickness. So first sickness is an attribute of sin. Maybe not what you've done, but what you inherited because God promised that it would go even to the third and fourth generations that he would visit sickness because of the parents disobedience to him. Now, you think about that this morning. There's a lot of problems that we we it ain't our fault. That's right. There's a lot of problems in our genetics. You know, I my mom had this sweaty hands and I got sweaty hands and I I'm like, how why do I why am I cursed with sweaty hands? I got this sweaty hand genetic and and you might have you might have genetic problems your in your own life. But you know, no matter whether it's heart problems or kidney disease or whatever it is, whatever the problem is that God has made a way of escape. Now, if we can really, brother Rand would say, if we can really get get our our our faith in alignment where the inside man is thinking like the outside man, that our spirit and our soul are lined up and we're really believing from the inside and out that something is going to happen. And you know, that actually is happening, that's taking place as we hear the word. as you hear the word and your confidence is built up that you can trust God and you begin to believe that all things really are possible to believe that things begin to change things begin to take place and you know God God is going to change our genetics he's going to change this mortal body to immortality he's actually going to transform the atoms the molecular structure of our body and oh that we've got to come to a place where we truly believe it and it's happening right now as we hear the word to think that to think that everything that the devil did everything everything he accomplished there in the Garden of Eden that there on the cross that Christ put the serpent's head under his foot and and stepped on his foot so that you and I can also now we can step on our on on the devil's head just like the the the the uh Israelite general there that in the Old Testament, right? I'm trying trying to think of the story where they when they conquer those generals, they they called them out and put their feet on their head to symbolize that now they had possession over the enemy. You think a mother and a father and a grandfather, their their their genes pass on down, pass on down. In Numbers 14, it said, "The Lord is long-suffering and of great mercy, forgiving iniquity and transgression and by no means clearing the guilty, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the gen children unto the third and fourth generation." What that means, patterns of behavior? Why? Why do I act the way that I do? And in your naturalb born life, you look back and you'll find out that you act the way that you do because you inherited some genetic trait. And like that German boy that brother Random always talks about that could he just was so stubborn that he just could not ask for forgiveness. Oh, but the Holy Ghost can take that out and change it. Change the nature that you are. So that once where you were stubborn and you were unwilling to go to somebody and ask for forgiveness, that God will change that to make you act like Christ. Amen. All these inherited weaknesses, physical and emotional conditions, like you know, sometimes children are in they they inherit an addiction that their parents had or they'll be predisposed to have some kind of an addiction problem and they'll get caught up in that and they'll swept along with an addiction and before you know that it's it's overtaken them. Amen. Or or or disease and a divorce and relationship patterns where you'll see the the mother and their father. Maybe they have problems just really sticking with somebody and and and and it and it just propagates on down to the children. Well, that maybe they'll have that same problem or abuse and trauma and criminal behavior. You know, a child raised up in a in a criminal household, they'll develop those same criminal tendencies where they see their mama shoplifting and now it's just gone right on down to them. And they've seen that it's it's been normalized that mama takes a stick of butter in the supermarket. Well, it's fine for me to take a stick of butter or or that toy that I really like and and it just trickles right on down. And you know, you know, the gospel is to was given to us to break those kind of cycles so that you could to get away from those those those things that we inherited, those things that we grew up with that were normalized in our homes, those tendencies in our homes to not seek forgiveness, that the gospel comes and changes everything. Aren't you glad for a gospel that can change everything? that can change situations, that can change people, that can cause addictions to drop away. Now, we've seen it. We've seen it right here in this church that addict somebody will be addicted of cigarettes or alcohol or what and they just can't get away from it. But then then you let God begin to woo over that person's heart and it's the word. It's not a minister beating them or a deacon beating them or something, but it's God getting a hold to him and he begins to change them and draw him to himself. And what they once thought was impossible, God can make impossible. Aren't you glad that we serve a God where the the God of miracles? You want you want to look for miracles? Somebody was asking me the other day, where are all the miracles? Well, you can look around this building and see all the miracles. All the ones that have been caught up from the things that they were in the world and their life has been changed. That's a miracle. Hallelujah. Amen. And that brazen serpent, what's that represent? It represents that God created a situation. He created a situation back then. He created a situation there on the cross where he can move past all the traditions and all the dogmas and all the theology and do what he wants with your life. Amen. Now, that's what the gospel message is about. That God can do whatever he wants with your life. Amen. You know, a good doctor is going to diagnose the case till he finds just exactly where the cause is. You know, as you get older, isn't it one of the most frustrating things to go to the doctor and they say, "I don't know." Y you It's like if you took take your car to the mechanic and and there it's making this weird noise. Something's wrong with the tire or something. I don't know. and you take your body to the to the doctor and they look and they examine and spend hundreds, thousands of dollars putting you in all the machines and they come back and they say, "I don't know." And many times they just give up on you. Now, aren't you glad though that that for a God that will actually that will send five ministry to actually preach a go a word that can discern out the root cause, that can work out the problems in our lives. Oh, that's why we should be so grateful for the true genuine preaching of the word that it's not just to just to beat on us and and and harp on our little faults and things, but it's to root out the cause so that God can can get down in our life and begin to get down and work in us and change us. You you got to identify the root cause before you can get anywhere. And brother Baron would say if a doctor, you know, you sometimes you have these doctors that are quote practicing medicine and maybe there'd be one that say, "Well, perhaps you got appendicitis." But what if it's not and then they put you on the operating table, then they go to operate and they pull out your appendix and that's not really the problem. Then they got to go cut something else out. And of course, we've heard so many stories of here in the United States and overseas and different places where people go to cutting and removing things that they shouldn't and then the person dies and it it actually kills them. Well, see, without diagnosing the case, brother, I'm reading quotes that brother Braman said that would still be unethical. He's got to first find the cause. And now the reason brother Brandham said the reason that I go slow with the patients is the first thing there's something caused that sickness you you think about all the times all the people that come would come up in the prayer lines and brother Ram would just take his time with each individual case so that he could speak to them in a way that would build their faith and identify the things the situations in their life that they had gone through and and discern to them. Now, now that that's brother Brandham with his special gift, but what I'm trying to bring it down to right now is that the word is still a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. And the word can still speak to your need. I I I I've heard so many young people that would say they they said in special meetings and things where where I was talking to Zach just the other day talking about how that the the word is still a discerner that that that that that there's a still a gift that's working in the body that'll be able to speak directly to your need. If you've got a question, there's a God that's still able to answer that question. There's a God that's still able to un to root out what the problem is in our lives. And he said, "You who attend the meetings understand how the Holy Spirit will will reveal to the people hidden sin and so forth that they've done a long years ago or maybe something that they ought not have done or something they ought to have done and did not do and you watch it on the platform, you think, I want maybe just take a moment to just think about what a message that we have heard." Yes, sir. Yes, sir. right? That man was all uh cabaged down and and and bound by all these denominational systems and we didn't know which way to go. And then God sent a message to close up all the loose ends to fill in all the gaps to give us a complete understanding of Jesus Christ. Amen. such that the world, all these worldly ministers, the the denominational ministers have to actually testify that this this is a a greater supernatural outpouring of the Holy Ghost that had ever than had ever been seen almost in the history of mankind. And I want to just read for you some of the things that these these great men of faith had said. TL Osborne said, "God has visited his people for a great prophet has risen up among us." Amen. Amen. William Brandham stood as a prophet of God in our generation. God used him to restore supernatural faith to the church. He introduced the modern era of supernatural ministry. And without him, many of us would never have discovered our own ministries. And and it was Tio Osborne, I believe, that that saw such a great supernatural outpouring in Brother Brandon's life that he he said, "Well, I want that for my own self." And he prayed that God would give him a similar gift. And God did. and and he would he he he had a great healing ministry that when he would go overseas and different places, he would have prayer lines and and because he asked God in faith, God gave him the same the thing that he desired because he saw it in William Brandham's life. And Gordon Lindsay said all look all these critics that that could not help but say something about the supernatural outpouring. Gordon Lind Lindsay said, "Never since the days of the apostles has the supernatural been so evident. The blind received their sight. Cripples threw away crutches. And the deaf heard. Truly, God visited his people through Brother Brandham. FF Bosworth said, "I've traveled and preached divine healing for over 40 years, but I have never witnessed anything like what God does through brother Brandham." Amen. It is the most remarkable manifestation of supernatural healing gifts I've ever seen. Tommy, he except no one who witnessed brother Brandham a minister could deny the supernatural power and presence of God. He ministered under an anointing that defied natural explanation. His gift was genuinely apostolic and prophetic. Benny Hinn said, "Thank you, Jesus, for William Brandham. Thank you for Holy Spirit TV and other outlets that we can still view and hear the messages of all your great servants. to think that Benny Hinn is saying thank you God that we can still hear the messages of these people like brother Brandham Marilyn Hickey said yeah he was definitely a prophet he had the most unusual gifting I have ever seen of a knowing like a word of knowledge or a word of wisdom we had my aunt and uncle come up from Dowart Texas to his meeting in Denver because they had a granddaughter who had never walked and they said she never would they came to the meeting and 5,000 thousand people are there. He comes out. He's just a little small man, not very pretentious. And he stands there and he said, "The angel of the Lord will come." I'm thinking, "Oh, sure." I'm just being doubtful. But you could feel it when the angel came. And and this Marilyn Hickey is actually talking to um uh what's the minister's name? Kenneth Kenneth Copelan. I think that's who he was talking to. uh with and all all these all these uh what kind of mental gymnastics that we would have to go through to say that this man's ministry like uh I think it was John MacArthur said was heretical. What kind of mental gymnastics you would have to jump jump through to say that a man where all these people were testifying that this man this man had something supernatural that God was doing in his life. What kind of mental gymnastics you would have to do to say, "Well, the all I'm going to take the word of all these other people and ignore that don't have these kind of signs and wonders in their life and ignore everything that God is doing." And this man you you know you to get to heaven to we've never seen heaven. We don't know what heaven is like. To get to heaven, you're going to have to trust somebody. And I I believe that we can you got to trust Jesus Christ. You got to tr I believe we can trust that Jesus Christ rose from the dead. And you've got to trust a a five-fold ministry to prove to you that Jesus Christ is real. I I want to ask, we got that question laid out in front of us. Who is trustworthy? All these men that said, "Well, he had great signs and wonders, but then at the end of the day, I I I don't maybe his message was heretical. You're going to have to trust somebody. You're going to have to trust Jesus, and you're going to have to trust his messengers." And brother said that that that the things that were in his life, all the things that you could see up there on the platform, the things that are being me witnessed now by by a five-fold ministry, that is God sending his spirit down to reveal the secrets of the hearts of people. To reveal the secrets of the hearts of the people. What purpose does God have for revealing the secrets of the hearts of people? Not to put his thumb on your life. Not to give some man control over you, but for God to be able to break into that sail of life, into that red blood cell, and and change the life that's down there on the inside. To change you, to change you to be like him. Amen. Jesus, when he was on earth, that's how he approached things. That's how he approached situations. He would talk to people and reveal reveal what the root cause was and then begin to deal with them. Right. Right. To think that Jesus would we would meet people in their broken state just like all those people all the children of Israel in the wilderness getting bit by serpents that God would come down and meet them in their broken state and their messed up miserable condition just like our messed up miserable condition where we don't have nothing to offer him but he had come down and he had discerned the root causes of their struggles. Amen. Hebrews 4 4:12 said, "The word of God is quick and powerful and a deser is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart." And I believe that he's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. I believe God is still able to discern our heart if we'll let him. If we won't be resistant, if we won't if we won't respond with stubborn. Well, he better not open up my door of pride. He better not get into my the door of all the things that I'm doing in my home, in my private life. don't open up that door in my private life. But if we'll just let God just roam freely through our life like that sermon brother Aaron was preaching. I want him to be not my savior but my lord. I want him to be everything my all and all. I want him to come in my house and poke through every cupboard, every drawer, every every place in my life, every every everywhere I can go like he did with the woman at the well when he come and he began to have a conversation with her. That's right. He said when Jesus Christ was here, that was his ministry. That was his ministry when he found the woman who was really thirsting for the water of life. That little woman, that little Samaritan woman that was all broken up that she her marriage situation. You talk about a marriage or divorce situation. She didn't even know what it what was up and what was down by the time she come to talk to Jesus. And everybody, nobody even wanted to fellowship with her. A little Samaritan that the Jews, boy, they were so uppidity. We ain't going to fellowship with no Samaritan. The Assyrians bred with the with married off the some of the Jews up there in the north country year thousands of years ago, hundreds and thousands. And ever since then, we ain't we don't even dip our water pot in the well of a Samaritan. Old nasty dirty Samaritan. But here comes Jesus to talk to a little dirty Samaritan. You why did Jesus always talk use the Samaritans? He used a Samaritan for the little the good Samaritan. a good Samaritan that was better than a Pharisee, better than a priest, a little old dirty Samaritan that God could use as an example of what a real genuine Christian should be. A little old a little old ranked Samaritan. And he told this little woman at the well, "Bring me a drink of water." And she said, "Why? It ain't it ain't what going on here? It ain't it ain't customary for somebody like you to associate with somebody like me. If we could, if we could respond to the gospel like that, what are you doing talking to somebody broke and miserable like me? If we'd respond like that instead of bowing up at a preacher trying to preach the truth, and we'd respond like that instead of getting all riled up and all all envious and things in our spirit, then God can do something with us. It's not customary for you to ask such such as that. You're a Jew and I'm a Samaritan. He said, 'Well, if you knew who you were talking to. Now, that's the problem that we've all got, isn't it? When a preacher's preaching the gospel, we fail to realize who it is talking to us. It's many times it ain't the man that studied but labored behind the pulpit, but it's the voice of God speaking to you to unveil the secrets in your life and reveal something that you need that you have need of to give you quickening power. He said, "If you knew who you were talking to, then you'd ask me for a drink." Yes. And now quick to quickly something changed. Now she's interested. Now she wants what he's talking about. You know, the Jews the Jews the the Samaritans were a bunch of nobodies. Like like I was saying, the Samaritans were just a bunch of nobodies just like you and I. But God can take a bunch of nobodies and give them his identity, give them his character, give them his nature. Yeah. You know that's what Acts chapter 15 is talking about when it said after they held their peace, James answered, saying, "Men and brethren, hearken unto me, Simeon hath declared how God at the first did visit the Gentiles to take out of them a people for his name." Amen. Another way, you know, when when you give somebody your name, when Christ gives his name, it's it's his identity. Amen. We don't have an identity, but God gives us his identity. Amen. And you know, you can go all the way back through the Bible and find that same pattern. It's it's like you go back and read these Old Testament stories and it's like God tearing off a seal and saying, "Let let me show you what I was thinking. I was thinking about you hundreds and thousands of years ago." And this is the proof. You can go back in Hosea and read that where where God told Hosea. He said, "Call his name Loami, as a little child that was born, for ye are not my people, and I will not be your God. Yet the number of the children of Israel shall be as the sand of the sea, which cannot be measured nor numbered. And it shall come to pass that in the place where it was said unto them, "You are not my people." There it shall be said unto them, "Ye are the sons of the living God." Oh, tell me that's not talking about us. Tell me that's not talking about a people that you you're not God's people. You had nothing to boast of. You had no genealogy. You had nothing. But God took you and made you his made you his people. That's what in Romans Paul's talking about when he said, "As he saith also in Oz, I will call them my people, which were not my people, and her beloved which was not beloved." And it shall come to pass that in the place where it was said unto them, "Ye are not my people. There shall they be called the children of the living God." And first Peter says, "But ye are chosen generation, a royal priesthood and holy nation, a peculiar people, that you should show forth the praises of him who have called you out of darkness into his marvelous light, which in time past were not a people, but are now the people of God, which have not obtained mercy, but of now have obtained mercy." Now, that's the scene that's unplay that's playing out there at the well is this little Samaritan that ain't nothing. She ain't nobody, but God thought about her before the foundation of the world. And you meant nobody this morning, but God thought about you before the foundation of the world. And it's written about you there in OC Hosea that he thought the people that were not my people, they're going to be my people. I'm going to claim them. I'm going to they're going to look at like that brazen serpent. They're going to look at the sacrifice that I made and I will give them my identity. I will give them my name. They'll be called Christians. I'll give them I'll give them my character. I'll give them my characteristics. You want to know what the evidence of the new birth is? There it is. That you're like Christ. You walk like Christ. You've got his name. You've got his nature. You got his everything. All these st stories are to prove that God had you on his mind before the foundation of the world. And God had the woman at the well and the Samaritans on his mind. Go get your husband. I see what he did. The first thing he went right straight to the reason that she couldn't drink the water. She got thirsty when he said, "If you knew who I was, who I was, you'd be asking me for water. Now she's thirsty, but she can't drink the water. And go get your husband." Before she could have this water, there was a reason here. You you know Jesus talked to that woman at the well and when she became convinced and she everything was worked out then she went and told down to the Samaritans. She told all the Samaritans and that little woman at the well was laying the the groundwork for Jesus. When Jesus went to the Samaritans and he he he the Bible said he never did any miracles. That they believe they believed him without any miracles, any signs and wonders. All he did was preach the word to him. And one day in Acts chapter 8, Philip wound up in Samaria and and all that groundwork had been laid. All the ground had been toiled up and they received the word that Philip preached and they were filled with the Holy Ghost. Oh, you see how God works through thing. He works it out maybe slowly over time talking to the little woman at the well. The woman at the well goes down and witnesses tell everybody come see a man that told me everything that I did. The groundwork's being laid and the groundwork's being laid and you and I like all the years of preparation until one day something could strike in a moment in a twinkling something can be fulfilled in the word of God. And brother said see how God worked the thing he diagnoses the case gets rid of everything and then comes right down and lives into man himself. And he said now that's what God wants to do here tonight. He wants to get rid of all the sin that's in this group. If there's sin in here now you think about what a promise God wants to get rid of all of our sin. And one place brother Ram said that we should be a we should desire to live a life such that nobody can point a finger at our life. You think other place he said that you can live so close to God the devil can't do nothing with you. Right. And that that's what the seals are about. The seals reveal that there's iniquity in you and that God can by the word can dispel it out of your soul. And then but there's still iniquity remaining in the rest of your members. And God slowly begins to work that process out. And by that process, as the seals are revealed, as they're open, now you can tell the difference between the true and the false. where before maybe when you were a little baby you kind of stumble at things and you weren't quite able to tell the difference between the two natures. But now when the tr when the church begins to be able to discern the two spirits working in the framework of the church then you will be an invincible army and the revelation of the seven seals reveals gives that understanding to the church where you can see where you come from and you can see what God has done in your life and how he has changed you and how he's purged the sin in your life. the iniquity in your life and now you have a a greater a higher understanding a supernatural understanding of how these things work. And brother said there's no other sin but unbelief. It's not a sin to do things like drinking and smoking and gambling and prostitution. Now, now see this these things were given to us to help us. Yes, because if there's something that you're struggling with it, it's not the thing that you're struggling with that you that you really it it's it's it's something else, right? Something deeper. And the something deeper when that is resolved, it will take care of everything else. Well, I can't get rid of the alcohol. I can't get rid of the smoking. I can't get rid of looking at things online that I shouldn't. I can't get rid of I can't I can't get rid of my stubbornness. Well, if you let the life of God come into your heart, begin to change you, then everything will work itself out. He said there's no other sin but unbelief. All those things, that's not sin. That's the result of sin. That the reason you do that is because you are an unbeliever. Smoking cigarettes and using tobaca. I I'm reading through all this list and I'm thinking and as I'm reading them of somebody I know that God delivered from these things that they thought it was impossible and then one day just a moment the the the desire to smoke that vape left them the desire to smoke that alcohol and they just couldn't get away from it left them gambling committing adultery engaging in sexual sexual immorality fornication stealing or theft cursing swearing using abusive language or lying or telling falsehoods. Look what brother Ram said. All all these things they're they're fruits that down on the inside there's there's a nature that's making you act this that way and it manifests as a fruit. He said you can't make a wheat stalk become a cocker, could you? No. So there's no way of doing it. It's just the life in it is wheat. So it produces wheat. And if you're born of the spirit of God, if you're born of the spirit of God, you're a Christian. And you can't do nothing but bear Christian fruits. Amen. That's all. That's just the whole thing. If you're a Christian, you can't do nothing but bear Christian fruits. Amen. Now, now you we know we know it takes it takes time for it to come to mature. That's this whole the whole sermon of the restoration of the bride. the doctrine, the bark is restored, the leaves are restored all the way up until now you got the fruit being restored. It's kind of hard to tell there's fruit in a little baby crying like you know we just had our little grandbaby and she don't know what's you know she can't talk you know it's kind of hard to see it would be kind of hard to see fruits manifested in her life but let her grow up let her get born again let let God begin to work in her life and you'll see the same fruits the same fruits that brother Ram talked about and the stature of perfect man will God will give a little nudge and and and you'll go I I was talking to Zach the other day about how God was dealing with him to talk to homeless people and and he'll get a little nudge and I hope y'all don't draw up on me about he'll get a little nudge. You're somebody's fixing to ask you for money and when they do pray for them and he'll get out of his truck and there's somebody right there. I want some money and he'll sit there and talk to him for 10 or 15 minutes and and by the end of the thing they they they realize that that that God's thinking about them and he's telling them what God told him to tell told him to tell them. And see see that's that's fruit. That's proof. And and see, that's why it ain't it ain't just learning and doctrine and theology and things, but it's a living a living reality where God wants to come and claim us and do something with our lives so that we're not just just going through the motions, but that God can use our actually use our feet and use our lips and use our our our words to be a testimony to others. Amen. And you think you think one of these one of these fruits that I just want to meditate on for a moment or or or one of these because there's fake fruits and there's real fruits. One of these fakes is is is lying or telling falsehood. You know the the serpents that we're talking about, they typify the lie that was told in the garden. And and the devil the devil when he when he's working in somebody, he'll get them off kilter and before long they're telling the lie. It's it's it's like a it's a natural a natural followup to doing wrong. You do wrong and and before long now you got to tell your mama and daddy, "No, I I didn't drive over to that city. No, I didn't go down to Atlanta. No, I didn't do that." Or or or or a man or a woman that's that's cheating on their spouse. They go out and do something and they come back home and now they got to now they got to come up with a lie. And see, a lie, a lie, brother, brother would say, even a little white lie, a little white lie is something that is not of God. We we think just a little white lies or something that we can just get away with and well, it don't matter. But you know, a little lie can actually start start you down the path, the wrong path that will take you somewhere like like this story brother Am told. He said he was he was with another minister and he was in this city and he went over to this homeless man on the on the road and and this man was laying there in the street with his one one foot on the bumper of a car and his his head was out on the pavement just just laying there. He said, "I went over to this man and he said it turns out he he was trying to figure out what the root cause was. Why are you like this?" He he talked to him for a while and he could be, you know, he's the one that he could point over to the across the street and say, "I used to be the president of that bank over there, right?" Well, what's what's happened? What's the root cause of your life? And he said, "The liar." You might take one, as I said to a man one day that I thought was telling jokes and come to find out that he told so many lies till he really believed himself. And and I said, "What makes you do that?" And I sat down to talk with him. I said, "I want to ask you, those stories are too wild for people to believe." He said the first one I can ever remember telling he said I was a little boy that was raised in a good home and he said I went out and smoked corn silk cigarettes just to be smart and I'd eat some coffee to take it off of my breath. And he said I'd done it back behind the old chimney behind the house. And he said I'll never forget when mama called me up and said to me, "Sunny, let me smell your breath." And I blowed my breath into her face and she said, "You've eat coffee to take something off your breath. What have you been doing? Have you been smoking cigarettes?" And he said, "Something told me to tell her the truth." He said, "But I said, "No, mama. I crossed my heart. I ain't been smoking cigarettes." And he said, "And from that time, that started it." A lie is a lie. Whe whether you think it it's done for good or will cause events to unfold in a way that you prefer, it's still a lie is a lie. And you you know, Brother R would even say you were designed not to lie. Yeah. That's why a lie will cause so spiritual turmoil. If there's a lie in the home, then it just causes everything to get so out of whack. So much that you can put you can hook yourself up to a lie detector and they can tell whether you're lying or not because because it that you you weren't made to lie. So much that if you're if you're telling a lie, your body will vibrate or something will give it off that something something's wrong. And a cop sitting there can say, "Well, you ain't telling the truth. Right? If you're telling a lie, they can put you before a lie detector and your nerves will react. And you think now that a seemingly innocent lie told in childhood can beame this become the starting point of a destructive pattern that changes one's life. And just little lies will just a lie between a a husband and a wife will start to erode their trust between one another. Oh, that's why it's so important. I I remember years ago where brother when we dedicate our children, brother Dale would pray that prayer, you know, that that the whole church is dedicated along with this child to raise it up. Why? Because they're the little child as it grows up in the church, they're actually watching the other people in the church to see what that all these fruits to see if they're going to be truthful, to see how they'll act toward one another, to see if they'll be honest, that they'll behave with integrity because you know lying disrupt it disrupts the whole thing. And in the Old Testament, a liar was not even allowed to live. And a lying spirit, a lying spirit that gets on somebody like these these these serpents, a lying spirit is a real serious matter. It's a real serious matter. I I believe uh uh I I was listening, we were listening to Andrew Glover, and if you had any questions about this, next time he comes, you can ask him about it. But he was telling a story about a friend that he knew that in their house they went into one of their ch we're talking about lying spirits. He went into his his his child's room and there in the room was this big old demon and it was slobbering and drooling just standing there. He now what would you and I do if we went into into a room in our house and he began to what is going on? He he called his he called his father, I think, and and they began to talk. How what his father was asking him have did you let anything in the house and he said, "Well, the only thing that I can think of is I got curious about believe the sign." And I got to looking at the things that they had to say because I was curious what they were talking about. Now, you talking about a lying spirit now. Amen. You open, you crack open the door to a lion spirit and here it comes to try to mess with your kids to try to mess with your family. Amen. To try to break apart to to cause doubt to cause to cause you start because you start meditating on those things. And he said he said I I wanted my child to have understanding of what was going on. So I started saying to this this all this time the spirit standing there in the room all this time and he said he said I I started saying well in the name of William Brandom leave this house and that thing just standing there heaving and panting or whatever till finally he said I rebuke you in the name of Jesus Christ and boom it was gone. Now, you see, we're we're not playing with just flesh and blood, but we're fighting spirits, princip powers, and principalities that that when you open up the door, when you open up the door to the word in your home, the word will begin to have an influence in your home, and it will begin to change things. But you begin to o you open up the door to to other things and and it it will also have an influence in your home. And listen, lying spirits are real. Lying spirits are real. the influences, they're so real that that in this case, the brother was actually standing there looking at it. Lying is actually fundamentally opposed to the nature of God and is a manifestation of an unbelieving, corrupted heart. You know, you think about all those that that scene that we're preaching about that all those serpents there that Satan wants to bring disorder and chaos and and cause disorder and chaos in your life with anxiousness and and worry and all these things. But all it takes is one look at the atonement. One look to bring clarity and identity and a sound mind and peace in the middle of the night amidst all the chaos. Amidst all the everything that devil the devil's throwing at you, brother R would say, if if I put wheat in that field and I go out there and don't see any fruit of wheat, well, I kind of doubt you a little bit. What's he talking about? If he sees somebody that's claiming to be a Christian and and they're telling lies and and they have problems with immorality, they have problems with all these different things and it might be secret might be secret on that something that only you know about it cast doubt on the person's confession. Why? Because the fruit of it proves that what that's what you got in the field. A person to think that a person's true nature or authenticity is revealed by what they produce in their life, their actions, their character, and their overall behavior as opposed to just outward claims or appearances. The fruit is produced because of what you believe, the doctrine that you've taken in. And unbelief is the only thing that can keep you from the kingdom of God. Brother Brand will say, that's right. And the only thing that is sin is unbelief. You say, "Brother Brandham, I quit drinking and I quit doing these things in my evil ways." Well, you did that for one purpose. See, the only thing that calls you to do that is because you become a believer. Oh, tonight, if there's something some kind of a sinful life besetting us, if there's something that those serpents biting at our heels, if we'll just believe God's word, Amen. Look to that look to that brazen serpent because genuine faith will produce genuine fruit. He say now you can say, "Well, I'm not a believer, but I just quit that." Then you're not a Christian. So, you're not a Christian. It don't matter how moral you are. You might to keep all the ten commandments. You might be a good legalist, keeping every rule, but you're still dead. He'd say it like this. Don't turn a new page, but get a new book. Change books, and then God will take care of you from then on. Amen. And then his holy spirit will come into us and we then are his representatives. Then we cannot bear nothing but the Christian fruit if we're dominated by the Christian spirit. What is it? It's life. We're not just preaching something to learn, but we're preaching life. It's blood. That's why this gospel is dripping with blood because it's life. The gospel is dripping with good blood because God gave his life there on the cross so that we would look and live and say, "I believe what you did for me to pave the way." So that that life, that same life could come back into the believer's heart. That he said that Jehovah God that created all those things brought himself down to live in the heart of you and I. Before he did, he had to clean his road. He had to show them law and commandment. Then he had to come down and show them love and then break his way right in the heart of man. And now God is in us. Oh, to think this morning, this afternoon, tonight that God made a way to break into your blood cell. That's right. And change the makeup of your nature. That's what he was talking about there in Ezekiel 36. I'll give you a new heart. I'll take that stony heart and I'll make it a heart of flesh and I'll put my spirit in you and cause you to walk in my statutes. Oh, we're not following a rule book. Like I was telling somebody recently, we're not following a rule book. Well, we got a rule book that tells the women how to dress. a rule book that tells you how to dye your hair or whether or not to dye your hair. A rule book for all the No, it's a heart change. It's a nature change. And that's why second Corinthians said, "As much as you are manifestally declared to be the epistle of Christ ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the spirit of the living God, not in tables of stone, but in fleshy tables of the heart." Amen. Oh, that's why it's not doctrines of theologies because you could sit there like Moses all day long and and read and write on tables of stone and it won't change you. But if you take that gospel and put it into a believer's heart, then it will change them so that now the word is alive in them and it's living out in them. like like like for example with Zach going around to the homeless people like for example all the all the different others that are are are fulfilling the word of God in their own different ways. And look, brother Ram was he used the example of like a bird making his nest. I'm about to close here in just a moment. A bird making its nest. A bird will make his nest and they'll get all its little eggs under it. Like we we go out there and we've got chickens and we'll we'll look at the the chickens will gather all the little eggs up under them. But you know what? It it don't do any good to have a bunch of eggs under a chicken if there ain't a rooster. If the chicken has not been with the male, that egg ain't never going to hatch. That's right. Now, that's the same way with you and I in the gospel. The gospel is not just words and and things to learn, but the gospel is the power and demonstration. It's not just charts and and things to put on a whiteboard and things, but it's actually it's got you got if you're not with the mail, if you're never with the mail, it's never going to come to life. And all you will have is a nest full of eggs. A nest full of eggs that you can point to and say, like last time I was preaching on a pile of sticks, ow, look at all the eggs that I've got. And we've got a lot of chickens in our yard that will they'll they'll lay eggs in the woods and they'll have a great big pile of 50 eggs. And you don't know nothing about it till you stumble on it. And wow, look at all those eggs. But if the chicken ain't ever been with the male, not one of those eggs is going to hatch. You've got to be with the male. In other words, it's got to be a personal transformative experience. Maybe not with sensation, maybe not with emotion, but it's got to be something where you yourself have come in contact with the living God. like Moses at the burning bush, like Paul on the road to Damascus, like all all the others that had their own personal experience because otherwise it's just a cold formal knowledge where you're just going to church, going through the ritual, going through the motions, and you're you're just sitting on your pile of eggs and you never come to life where God comes and brings life and changes it. You can learn and learn and ever learning and never coming to the knowledge of the truth. I I think that's one time maybe one time Um, one of the reasons why sometimes ministers, it seems like they're almost wrestling with the air trying to get people to a place where they can see because you'll never be able to see if you're not born again. If you're not, if you've never been with the male, it doesn't matter how many years you've been in church. It doesn't matter how many doctrines and theo theological understandings you've amassed under your belly. It doesn't matter if you've never been with the male. Brother said, "What you got? You make deacons out of them." bishops and everything else, but you got nothing but a bunch of rotten eggs. The only thing to do is clean out the nest and start over again, right? It'll never be able to do it until we get started. He said, "You want a paradox? You want a paradox? You want life? You have to bring life into it. It takes life to take a dead cold formal believer and make make just a dead cold formal church goer and make them a real alive living Christian. It it took life there when Jesus's body was laid in the grave. Life had to come forth into it for him to come forth out of the grave. Brother Am say we could take the sail and break the sail to one to all the way down and all the way down past all the chemicals and everything. Go further further further down and you're going to come to life. And when God's life comes into you, it changes that thing that you can't even see way down at the bottom of your blood cells, all of your all your mitochondria, all those things, everything that's powering the life then is changed into God's life. You're a time being when you're a time being until you're born again. Then you're eternal being. And the only way you can get it is have part of God in you being eternal life. He that has an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. Uh you know back in there in the garden of Eden when those cherubams they Adam and Eve were driven out and the cherubams actually there was a flaming sword which turned every way to keep the way of the tree of life. And Jesus said I am the way, the truth and the life. And so now those same cherubams are driving us back to the way because the way is Christ. He is the He is the way and he is the life. And the life is the gospel. Amen. And I'll be closing on this. He said, "Now we are his hands on earth. We are his eyes on earth. We are his gospel on earth." And the gospel is not altogether by the word. The word made manifest is the gospel. Amen. The gospel come not in word only, but through power and demonstration of the Holy Spirit. Go ye into all the world and demonstrate the power of the Holy Spirit to all the nations. Now, instead of that, what do we do? He said, we begin to teach theology. In Matthew 24 said, "This gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations and then shall the end come." He said that first church, my how they tore the world up. The world was almost Christianized in one decade. One round of disciples. Then they all left it. The next round began to organize. The third round round about the dark age. Then the Catholic Church was formed. And then from there they begin theology and out come Martin Luther, John Wesley and Calvin Knox and I'll come out and everything had been based solely upon theology. That's right. And they failed to get back there. The very thing that God told them not to do, they're doing it in the name of Jesus Christ. Not educate the world, but preach the gospel and demonstrate the power of God. Now, now that's what what I'm getting to is here at the end as I'm about to close. He said that man, Dr. Reedhead that received the he Dr. Reed Head actually wrote a book, How do you get the Holy Ghost? And he came to Brother Brandham and said, he said he stood in his house and he said, "Brother Brandham, he had degree after degree after degree, but has the teachers been wrong?" He said, 'Ive been in and seen them throw the furniture and so forth and all this in the meetings, what they call the holy rollers and so forth, but what I'm trying to think of all of this that I've seen and all the degrees I've got, he said, "My heart's hungering for God." There you are in the highest ranks and fundamentalism. Now, my heart's hungry for God. He said, "Is there such a thing as receiving the Holy Ghost after you believe?" I think that's one of the hardest things for message believers to get away from that Baptist idea that as soon as you come and sit down in a church, you've got the Holy Ghost. But Paul said to the Ephesians, have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? You don't you ain't there right when you sit down and warm the pew. But it takes it take what what is it? It's God cracking open them blood cells. Cracking open through justification, sanctification, a a process so that he can get in there and have dominion over your life and fill you with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Now, that's the question. When Dr. Reedhead went over to the to the to over overseas and was confronted with the Muhamadans, the Muhamadan said, "We we got all the the we got the same theology you got." He said, "We we've got a consolation. You've got a consolation. We got joy and happiness. You got joy and happiness. We're looking for our prophet to come back. You're looking for our prophet to come back. We got all the same thing. But he said, he said, "Let me see your God produce." Now, there's the question of the ages. If this is a living gospel, we could say the same thing like Elijah Elisha did when he come to the River Jordan and he took off the mantel that Elijah had given. He said, "Where is the God of Elijah?" Amen. Because if the God of Elijah, Elijah might be gone, but if the God of Elijah is still here, then the same God is able to do the same miracles. The same God is able to do the same signs and wonders. The same God is able to heal you if you're sitting there in your sick bed. The same God is able to make you make you rise up like the man there at the the the pool of Bethesda. the same God is able to make you right. I I think tonight that we've got the same testimony as Peter and John there at the gate beautiful when they said look on us silver and gold. I ain't got no silver and gold but what I do have I give to you. And the same thing that they have we can give to you tonight because we're standing on the resting upon the same rock of revelation that'll do the same thing that it did back then. Oh, it'll produce. I believe that's what my testimony is tonight. it'll still produce the same way that it always did forever. So if you're looking for a miracle, look no further because this is a miracle working God that we're serving as a business that's come forward. Whatever you have need of, let your faith rise to the place that you can accept it because we're not serving a dead God that's in the grave in Jeffersonville. We're not serving a dead God that's in the grave over there in Israel, but we're serving a God that's alive and well. He's alive and well to still perform works. All we have to do, what do we have to do? You don't have to do nothing but look look and live. Look at the atonement. Look at the atoning sacrifice. It ain't in your education. It's not in your thought theology. It's not in your creed. But it's in Jesus Christ. Everything we have need of. It's in Jesus Christ. Let's stand to our feet and worship him a little bit. [Music] Thank you, Lord. If you have a need, we'll be glad to pray with you. We'll meet you right where your need is. I'm pressing on the upward way. New heights I'm ging every day. Still praying up onward. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven unstable land. A higher place that I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. My heart has no desire to stay. Where doubts arise and fears dismay. Though some may dwell where these abound, my prayer, my aim is higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on earth's table and a higher plane that I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. I want to scale the utmost high and catch a gleam of glory bright. But still I'll pray till heaven I found. Lord lead me on to higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's table land a higher plane that I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand my faith on air. Bun's table land a higher plain that I have found. Lord, plant my feet on high your ground. Amen. Amen. enjoyed that tonight. Amen. Amen. All hearts and minds clear tonight. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Well, just remember each other in prayer and looking forward to Sunday. Amen. And continue to remember those that are that are not with us and ones that are sick. And uh pray for us. We'll be traveling. We're going to brother Richie's mom's funeral Friday and the different ones be traveling and all that. But uh love each one of you. Let's just all bow our heads be dismissed in word of prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this time Lord together Lord. This word that we've heard tonight Lord Jesus I pray it becomes real to us Lord. Lord we thank you for our brother coming and pouring his heart out to us tonight Lord Jesus. Lord, if we just have faith, Lord, Father, just to believe that simple childlike faith to believe what you've given us, Lord, we can receive it, Lord, because it's your desire to give it to us. It's it's our bread, Lord. We just receive it. And Lord, we just pray that you have your your will and way with us in everything that we do. Watch over the ones as we travel. And father, as they go home and we just prepare ourselves for for the work week and then coming back on on Sunday, Lord, we just pray that you be with our our pastor and Lord and just give him the words to speak to us. And Lord, let's just be receptive to the word, Lord. Lord, in everything that we do, Lord, let us be pleasing unto you in everything that we say and do. And Father, we can show the world Jesus Christ, not our not ourselves, Lord, but we show the you, Lord. Lord, we just want to be a shining light, an example in a lost and dying world. Lord, we commit ourselves into your hands. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed. Found Lord on high.
