################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - 2025-Apr-06 Spoken Word Church Live Streaming - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   2025-Apr-06 Spoken Word Church Live Streaming
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_aYv2Pxh0c
========================================

[Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hello. Hi. Hi. [Music] God. And you say now that that's what bothers me. Oh, to preach to you people. Don't remain on in the same condition you've been going in. Change. Now hear me. As I said, thus sayeth the Lord. I've never called myself this. I'm not. But you call me your prophet or a prophet. The world believes that. The world around millions and millions and millions of people. I've spoke direct and indirect to 10 or 10 or 12 million people or more. Directly speaking, I've seen tens of thousands of visions and signs and wonders. Not one of them have ever failed. And that's right. He's for told me things that's never failed to happen. Just exactly. I bring any man to trial for that. That's right. I don't claim to be a prophet, but you listen to me. Thus sayaeth the Lord, it'll take perfect love to put you in that place. For that's all there was there. No matter how many how much religious demonstrations, how many good deeds you done or whatever you done, that won't count nothing on that day. It'll take perfect love. So whatever you do, you lay aside everything else until you are just so filled with the love of God. that you can love those who hate you. I'm just, as I said this morning, I was made my whole makeup is grace. A lot of people say, "No, you scratch my back and I'll scratch yours." Well, you do something for me and I'll do something for you. That's not grace. Grace is if your back is itching, I'll scratch it anyhow. Whether you scratch mine or not, you can slap me on the face and say, "My back needs itch. Need scratching, I'll scratch it." See that's it. Do something. I don't believe in works. I believe it works is love. Works is works is a manifestation that grace has taken place. I don't live true to my wife because believe she'd divorce me if I didn't. I live true to her because I love her. I don't preach the gospel because I think go to hell if I didn't. I preach the gospel because I love him. Certainly. You think I cross those stormy seas and them planes diving back and forth and lightning flashing around and and everything else and most any minute and everybody's screaming and hail Marys are going on through the plane and everything and people swinging in them safety belts and the pilots saying that enough gas life 15 minutes longer don't know where we're at. Do you think I'd do that just just for the fun of doing it? Huh? You think I'd get back out there in the jungle where German soldiers had to put their arms around me like this each night and take me in and out of the meeting until the Holy Spirit began to perform miracles. Communist set with night scopes to shoot me a mile away. You think I do that just for the fun of it? Because something in me loves their humans that Christ died for. Paul said, "I'm not only willing to go up to Jerusalem, but I'm going up there to be crucified. I'm going up to die. I'm going up there to die for the cause of the Lord. It's something love that constrains you, that makes you. It's exactly right. If I to preach the gospel for money, if it would have been, I wouldn't have been $20,000 tonight in debt. I wouldn't been that in debt. No, sir. Because I'd have kept some of the some of the millions that have been given to me. One man, one man sent FBI agents with a million500,000 money draft. Now I said, "Take it back." Not for money. It isn't money. I don't preach the gospel for money. Not for that. It's because of the love. The thing I want to do is when I cross that last breath, the earth, which may be in five minutes from now, it may be in two hours from now. It may be 50 years from now. I don't know when it'll be, but when it does I do right there, I want to see in the splendor of you running tall hollering my darling brother, my brother. Amen. That's what's in my heart. That's why I don't try to disagree with you to be be different, but I'm trying to put you on the road that's right. That's the way in. Not your church, not your denomination, but your birth in Christ. Oh my. In whom we have obtained inheritance being predestinated according to the purpose of him who workketh all things at the counsel of his own will. Listen, we're going to close a few minutes. Listen close now before we close. That we should be to the praises of his glory who first trusted Christ in whom you also trusted. Watch this now closely. Get on your jackets, gospel jackets. Hold your ears open. Listen close. I'm on the 13th verse. In whom you also trusted after that ye heard faith cometh by hearing the word of After that you heard the word of truth. What is truth? The word of God. Is that right? John 17:17. You has taken down scriptures. Jesus said, "Sanctify them. Follow through the truth. Thy word is truth." After you heard the truth, the gospel of your salvation. What was the salvation? He's trying to tell them predestinated before the foundation of the earth. Is that right? Amen. To adoption of sons. Predestinate eternal life. Now if you come into eternal life, have you been saved, sanctified, filled with the Holy Spirit, your sons, now God want to place you positionally or so that you can work for his kingdom and his glory. That's the gospel. Being first hear the word, repent, be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, taking away all your sins, calling on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the promised land. Amen. The promise isn't to every souljourner that's on your road. If you left your home tonight, a sinner saying, "I'll walk over to the Brandom Tabernacle." God gives you the opportunity tonight. There's one thing lays between you and the promised land. What is a promised land? The Holy Ghost. What lay between Joshua and the promised land was the Jordan. Exactly right. Moses being a type of Christ led the children up to the promised land. Then Moses did not take the children in the promised land. Joshua tucked the people in and divided up the land. Jesus paid the price, led them up to the Holy Spirit. God sent the Holy Spirit down and he positionally put the church in order. Each man filling him with his presence of his being. You see what I mean? All in Christ Jesus. how God predestinated this to the calling of this gospel. Paul Galatians 1:8 said, "If an angel come preach anything else, let him be accursed." Amen. The truth, the gospel. Now listen close as we read on finishing the verse. The gospel of your salvation in whom also listen closely. After that ye believed, ye were sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise. Amen. Amen. In the last days, the Bible said, now watch, in the last days, there's going to be two classes of people. One of them is going to have the seal of God, the other the mark of the beast. Is that right? How many knows that? Amen. Well, if the seal of God is the seal of if the seal of God is the Holy Ghost, then without the Holy Ghost is the mark of the beast. And the Bible said that the two spirits would be so close together, it would deceive the very elected. If it was possible, it'll never do it because they were elected to eternal life. See, churchgoing, just as an ordinary, 10 virgins went out to meet the Lord. All sanctified, all holy, every one of them sanctified. Five were dilitarian, let their lights go out, five that had a in their lamps. And behold, the bridegroom cometh, and the five that had aura in the legs, went into the wedding supper, and the others was left outside where they were weeping and wailing and nashing of teeth. Be ready for you don't know what minute the Lord comes. Have you what is or represented the Bible? Holy Spirit. Now, do you hear seventh day Adventist brethren who said the seventh day is God's seal? Produce one scripture to prove it. The Bible said that the seal of God is the Holy Ghost. Watch this. Which, watch the 13th verse. Now, after that, you believe you were sealed with the with the Holy Spirit of promise. Turn to Ephesians 4:30. I believe that's it. See if we don't get 4:30 and see if it isn't the same. Ephesians the 4th chapter and the 30th verse. Yeah, here it is. 4:30. and grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed until the day of redemption. How long when you really really receive the Holy Ghost? How long is it to last you? Until the next revival, until grandma crosses your path, until the boss balls you out, until the day of your repentance? Hallelujah. Amen. After you have died, after you have passed into that land, that you're standing there with your loved ones, you are still filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Scripture, you're just as you are now, only you've got you moved into another body. You've just changed houses. This one got old. You couldn't tack the shingles on it no more. The rafters got rotten. That's right. So you just turn the old thing away and let it rot on down and moved into a new one. Is that right? For if this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, we have one waiting. Amen. You remember the other day going through that when a little baby's being formed in the womb of the mother and this little muscles are kicking and jumping and going on, but just as soon as the mother drops the baby and the baby's to earth, the first thing there is a spiritual body to catch that little natural body. Maybe the doctor will give it a like that or something or shake it when and immediately right to that mother's breast. It'll go moving its little head up and down on the mother's breast to make those milk veins bring milk on a little calf. As soon as it's dropped from the mother, it'll get up on its little knees. After a few minutes, what will it do? Move right straight back around. Get a hold of that mother going to shake it little head up and down like that and get it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes sir. When this natural body comes into earth, there's a spiritual body waiting for it. And when this natural body is dropped on the ground, hallelujah. There is one waiting on earth. Praise the Lord. We just move from one end to another. We change our dwelling places. This mortal must put on immortality. This spiritual, this corruption put on incorruption. this old wrinkled up frog stooped over body, but it won't change its appearance at all. I mean, when it gets out of you'll still have the same spirit. Let me give you a little something sounds twisting to you, but it's the Bible. Then I'll give you one untwisted for you. Watch this one. One old Saul, the king that the old big old denominational preacher down there at that time, you know, got head and shoulders above them all and was afraid. He didn't know nothing about the supernatural. David had to come and deliver the lamb out of the lion's mouth, kill Goliath, watch him. He got so far back from God, he got the hat in this holy royal preacher. And instead of being for him to try to help him, he turned against him. If that just isn't a picture exactly exactly picture turned right from him. How many is in here when I left on my first trip and preached David at slain Goliath? Well, I left. Many of you feel the old-timers. I'm fixing to leave again on this. Remember what see what just come around last Sunday, which is moving right into another phase. David's second campaign, second phase of his ministry. It's exactly right. Which then he become king over Israel. Notice the ministry now is moving out into a greater phase, coming out greater. So did David. I noticed this as he come David. Oh, when God had David come out there and slay the lion, notice and slay the bear, then slay the Philistine. Now, there come a time when God gave a evil spirit over to this old boy and I to what? To hate David. And I believe now these tapes. Now, listen, brethren, you own these tapes. If you disagree with me, forgive me. See, I love you. I'm going to meet you over yonder anyhow. See, cuz if you're a man of God, I'm going to meet you anyhow. But I want to say this. Here's the reason. Just because that Saul saw that David had something that he didn't have. Then what happened? A little old ruddy draw over. The Bible said he was ruddy. That wasn't a very fair child. Rudy is just a little old drawed up sort of a fell and he went out there and Saul well he put Saul's armor on him and I imagine the shield come plumbed down over his feet and he said take this stuff off of meraise I I maybe give him a doctor's degree a PhD or LLD or something you know he said I don't know nothing about that stuff because I haven't proved it let me have this what I know what I'm doing with Yes sir he took the slingshot and it made David mad because the daughters, the churches, the churches was singing. Saul might have killed his thousands, but David killed his tens of thousands. Then he got jealous. That's it. That old Jesus name stuff. There's nothing to it. That's right. And what did God do to him? God sent an evil spirit upon him. Amen. Exactly. What's happened? To hate David. And he hated David without a cause. David could have rung his neck a few times. He could, but he just let it go. He just never said nothing. He sure could have done it. He went over, cut the tail of his coat off one night, come back, said, "Look at Y." You see? Yes, sir. He could have done it. But he just let him alone. He could have broke his congregation up and scattered him, started an organization of himself if he wanted to, but he didn't do it. He just let Saul go on and let God do the fighting. Yes, sir. So as he went on out and the campaign finished on it and got on that evil spirit God so that Saul couldn't get no answer from God. After a while he the spirit of the Lord had departed from him. And oh Samuel the one that they'll turn down. The one that really was the voice of God to him. The one that said to him before they even wanted to act like the world. Why does a church want to act like the world? Yeah. Why does Pentecostal baptized Holy Ghost experienced Methodist and Baptist and Presbyterian want to act like the world? Why do they do it? I don't know. I I I just can't understand it. You say, "Well, this fun to play poker. Just a little bit for fun." Just little penny or what you call it. It's a sin. You shouldn't have them things in your house. Well, it's no harm. Take a little bit of glass of beer. Uh, we just got a few, man. My wife has a few in the afternoon and the first thing you know, your children's got a few. Sure it is. And you women. Devil's just made a That's what he did in the beginning. And he certainly has made a target out of you sisters. He just does that just because he knows what he can do. He can deceive a woman a thousand times quicker than a man. I know that hurts your feelings, but that's the truth. Exactly. That's what he done in the garden of Eden. He can make she was honest. She was sincere, but she was deceived. Adam was not deceived. The Bible said he wasn't deceiving, but she was deceiving. So, he can deceive her. And yet pastors will go right out, ordinating women preachers, put them out over congregations like that, and this Bible condemns it from Genesis to Revelation. Well, it's all right. It's all right. They got they preach the same as I know that's right. Like somebody starts speaking in tongues one time. I just kept on preaching. And when I got outside, a woman said to my son said, "I've got a message to give tomorrow night." Said, "While your daddy comes on the platform," said well message? What do you mean? And that night when got ready when I was fixing to make the alter call, she fixed her hair all up and pulled up her stockings and everything, got ready, jumped up middle form. You jump up and down, spoke in tongues and prophesied. I just kept on preaching, make my altar call. Well, I never re respected it, but it wasn't right. So then, well, the Bible said not to said the the spirit of the prophets are subject to the prophet. Amen. God's on the God speaking at the platform. Let him speak. Paul said something be revealed to one. Let him hold his peace till the next finishes. That's right. Amen. Now then, when I got outside, these people said, a big bunch of people said, "You grieve the Holy Ghost tonight." I said, "What doing? What did I do?" Said, "Well, when that sister gave that message, hallelujah." said that. Well, I said I was preaching. She was out of order. Oh, said that was fresh right off the throne. That's fresher than what she was preaching. Now, that just shows that shows either this, and I say it to your respects, either insanity or either disrespect or illiterate teaching that don't know more about God than a rabbit knows about snowshoes. Now, that I don't say that to be a a silly remark because there's no place to joke, but that's that's exactly the truth. A person that would know that God's not an author of confusion. He's a peace. The Bible, they don't know. All they know how to do is jump up and down, speak in tong, say, "I got the Holy Ghost." Hallelujah. I've stood and seen in Africa witch doctors and things they speak by the 500 thousands of them at a time jumping up and down blood all over their faces speaking in tongues and drink blood out of a human skull call on the devil and speak in tongues and yet speaking in tonesues is a gift of God but that's not the infallible proof of the Holy Ghost that I do believe that all inspired saints speak with tongues I believe a man sometime when you get so inspired with God cuz you will speak with tongues. I believe that. But I don't believe that's any sign you got the Holy Ghost. Amen. Yes, sir. I believe there's times when you have faith. A person can walk out and lay hands on a little kid that's got a cancer and 50 preachers have prayed for it and it be healed because that mother has faith for that child. God's given it to her. She's a member of the body of Christ. Yes, sir. I believe that. I've seen that done and I know that's true. But what it is is get the church in order, setting order so we can work. Now, let's finish the rest of this verse here before we go. After that, you receive your sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise. Seal. What is a seal? What is a seal? A seal is first thing it shows is a work that has been completed. A completed work. The next thing it shows is ownership. And the next thing it shows is security, keeping it. Say, for instance, I used to work for the Pennsylvania Railroad. I used to work with my father on the railroad. We would load cars and we'd put in down here at this packing company. We'd put in 10 cans and we'd set some up here and some down here and some up this way. But before that car was ever sealed, the inspector come through there and he pushed on it, shoved on this one, shook that one. Ah, condemn it. They'll break all the pieces before they get there. Condemn it. Take it out. Do it over. Inspector, condemn the car. The Holy Ghost is the inspector. Amen. He shake you a little bit and you rattle. You believe all the word of God. I don't believe that old Jesus name stuff. Condemning. Amen. You'll rattle. I don't believe in divine healing. You know such a thing. Still rattled. Kick him out. Do you believe Jesus Christ the same yesterday? Well, in some way you rattle. Kick it out. Ain't ready yet. Yes, sir. Brother, when it's ready to say, amen. Have you received the Holy Ghost? Amen. Has everything been completed? Amen. Then what does the inspector do? Everything's packed in good and tight, full of the gospel. Oh, every word of God is good. Everything is perfect. I believe every word. Amen. Amen. Amen. Do you believe that God still heals? Amen. You believe Jesus yesterday and forever? Amen. You believe the Holy Ghost is just as real as it ever was. Amen. You believe the same spirit fell on Paul's office on us? Amen. You believe it does the same things on us that did on them? Amen. Uh oh, she's getting tight now. Getting tight now. We're ready to close the door. All right. Then the inspector closes the door. What does he do? He puts a seal on it. Then he gets down here. He gets a hold of these little pliers of a thing. Reaches over there on this little thing and seals that. You'd better not break it. Amen. If that that car is destination is Boston, it cannot be broken. It would be a penitentiary offense to break that seal until it gets to Boston. And a man that has the authority can open that seal in him only. That's right. It's owned by this certain certain railroad company. It's their seal. It's their assurance that this car has been packed. This car is ready. It belongs to them. They couldn't put the BNO on the Pennsylvania. You've got to be sealed. And when it's sealed, and when the Christian is packed with the gospel, filled with the goodness of God, all the good things of God laying in him with an open heart, ready to work, willing to be positionally pleased, do anything that the Holy Spirit tells him to do, pass from death unto life, sanctified from all the things of the world, walking in the light as the light comes to him. Moving on, he's ready. Then God shuts the door of the world behind him. He kicks it together like that and seals him with the Holy Ghost of promise. Hallelujah. How long until the destination? Amen. Don't get him out here on the railroad track and break it open and see if everything's all right again. It's all right. Just leave it alone. The inspector has done inspected it. Amen. How long are you sealed? Until the day of your redemption. Amen. That's how long you're sealed. Well, when you die then, brother Brandon, what about if you die? You said you still have it. You have it forever. Amen. Where does life begin? At the altar, right there, you see a little bit of shadow. That's the shadow, the seal of the Holy Spirit. Then it's a shadow of the shadows of the shadows, as I said the other day. But when you die, you keep on going through those shadows until you come to moisture. From moisture to a little trickling spring, from a spring to a creek, from a creek to a river, from a river to an ocean. See, of the love of God, you're just the same person. Look at here. Old Saul, the old backslider. He could not get through to God. Yet, he wasn't lost. He certainly wasn't. He was a prophet, but he just got outside of God. That's the reason brother I said you're not lost. So then remember you just got out of the will of God. So then the first thing you know you wouldn't agree. Now maybe I shouldn't have said that. All right I'm just going on for a happy congregation tonight. So then you know and the first thing you know oh my then he went to the the Yurundum. You know what the Yurma thundum was is a breastplate the f of at at the Aaron war and it was always God always has been a supernatural God answering in supernatural ways. And when a prophet prophesied and them mystic lights didn't come across that ur thunderum, he was wrong. When a dreamer told a dream and it didn't flash on that ur thundum, I don't care how good it sound, it was wrong. Amen. And it's right. And I don't care just exactly how many doctor's degrees you got and how big your organization is. When you prophesy, preach it ain't according to this word, you're wrong, brother. You're This is God's thunder. When you say you wasn't predestinated before the foundation of the world, she won't flash because the Bible said you was. Amen. When you say that you are to be baptized, name of father, son, holy ghost you all this morning. You're happy to be in the house of God. See if we can get this squared away here. Certainly good to have brother Daniel with with us. I knew he was coming. I just didn't know when. It's always good to see you, brother Daniel. See your smiling face. Praise the Lord. All right. Let's see if we can get this going. Okay. All right. I guess that's not going to work. Let's try this way. All right. Can you see that? Okay, let's just bow our heads this morning. Heavenly Father, we thank you, Lord, once again for the opportunity that you give us to be in the house of God, to worship you in spirit and in truth, Lord. Father, to look at some of these things, Father, that you've placed in your word. And we ask, Lord, that you would just uh anoint our lips. Forgive us for our sins, Lord Jesus. And Lord, may you just have your way here this morning. Help us, Lord, to receive something from you. We ask these things now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. I just want to talk this morning a little bit about Christ's preeminence. Um I want to title it a prisoner to Christ's preeminence. Amen. And um I've just been thinking a a lot about the preeminence of God and um about how we should be how we should we as Christians is our uh duty to be to to give Christ amen our full preeminence in all of our lives. And so we're we'll we'll touch upon in just a moment about what what that means and um and we can just go from there. So um in Colossians 1 15-20 it says this who is who is the image of the invisible God the firstborn of every cre of every creature and this of course is talking about Jesus Christ. For by him were all things created that are in heaven and that are in earth visible and invisible whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. All things were created by him and for him. Amen. And he is before all things. In other words, he it it's it's hard to fathom that because we're always thinking in the mindset of something's born and then something dies. Something's born, something dies. Something born. And and to think that something has always been there, eternal, never had a beginning, never had an end, that's that that almost rattles the mind. You can't fathom that. You can't think that far. But that is that is our limitations that God placed us so we can give him the preeminence in our lives. Amen. Because he we can't think that far, but he can. Amen. Praise God. And he is before all things and by all things uh and by him all things consist. And he is the head of the body of the church who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence. And this is what it says in the in the New Living uh translation. I like the way it says it there. It says Christ is also the head of the church which is his body. He is the beginning supreme overall who rise from the dead. So he is first in everything. Right? And I want I just want you to to think about that and I want you to ask yourself is he first in everything in your life? Is he first in because he's first in everything, right? But is he first in everything in your life? Because if he's the head of the body and if the body is connected to the head, wherever the head moves, that's where the body should go to, right? My head doesn't move this way and my body stays right over here. My body tends to want to move where my head goes. Right? So that's exactly where what where wherever he goes, I will follow. Amen. Praise the Lord. For it pleased the Father that in him should all fullness dwell. And having made peace through the blood of his cross by him to reconcile all things unto himself, by him I say, whether they be things in earth or things in heaven. So that's the that's the end of the scripture there. Now, this is what the word preeminence means. And I apologize for the slides not being in nice order. You know, brother Bob does it in such a better way. But uh um preeminence refers to the state of being superior to or having precedence over others, holding the highest rank or importance or priority in a particular context. It describes something or someone that stands above all others in authority, significance or influence. And so these are some of the aspects of what preeminence includes. Superiority, having qualities, abilities or characteristics that exceed those of others in the same category. Think think for example uh uh your boss at work. He has the preeminence over certain aspects of of of your of your uh position there, right? You go to him for certain aspects now and then he might have a boss un over him and that boss has the preeminence over him and over you as well. Right? So um that's what that's what preeminence means. Amen. um being given first place or highest consideration in decisions, attention or resources. Amen. I believe Jesus Christ, he deserves first place. Amen. He he and we'll look at it here in just a moment, but he he gave it all. He gave the father the preeminence in his life, right? He said, "I can do nothing unless the father shows me first. I I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to step into my own opinions. I'm not going to do I might have I might think of something in a certain way, but Amen. I I'm I'm bound by the word. Right? And if it's not in the word, Amen. I'm not going to move. I'm not going to proceed. And so and so if the head could have done that, him being the head, how much more the body, Amen, should do the exact same thing because the body is connected to the head. Right. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. And he's the what would what did we what did we just read? He is the creator of heavens and earth. Everything. Amen. Oh. Oh, that's just God. Amen. But he is God, right? And God condescended down. Amen. Into your form. He gave up all the the the the glory of heaven. He gave up at the splendor of heaven. Everything that that he didn't have to do it, but he did. Amen. And he gave up himself. He could have had a wife. He could have had a children. He could have he could have enjoyed a good job or you know like you and I could but he gave all the preeminence to the word or to the father. Praise the Lord. Authority uh this is another thing with the word uh another uh definition of the word uh preeminence. Authority, possessing recognized power or influence that others defer to. Distinction being clearly set apart from others due to excellence or importance. Amen. And I believe I believe that Jesus Christ gives that distinction, amen, to to his his fellow believers. Amen. That's the reason why um we we as Christians, Amen, we we we act differently, we dress differently, we we we we talk differently, amen, we we we live differently, right? Because there has to be a distinction. There has to be a preeminence, amen, to to uh to to God. Amen. In everything that in everything that we do, he's the primacy holding first place or the leading position in a hierarchy or order. Amen. So we know that these are the qualities of Jesus Christ. Amen. Everything that we just read, he fulfilled in the word of God. Amen. He fulfilled in his life when he came here as uh as an and experienced human flesh. Amen. human beings just like you and I. Amen. And that's the reason why he can say that he can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. Now, we always think of the word infirmity as some as a sickness, but it's not necessarily just a sickness. Amen. He can be touched by the feeling of your frailty of of how weak you are of how of of the things that you go through go through the thoughts that run across your mind. Amen. when when at different moments of the day. Amen. When you're supposed to be going down to pray and and and then you start thinking about the laundry, just didn't think about it any other time, but just when you pray, right? Then think about, you know, that that part that you got to buy a AutoZone for the car and at any moment. Amen. But at that right at that moment, you see, Jesus probably had to battle had mind battles as well, right? We know that he did because he didn't want to go and die. Amen. As a human, he didn't want to. Amen. But he said, "Father, not my will, but but thy will be done." Why? Because you take the preeminence, Lord. I want you to have the preeminence. Amen. So, he gave up all the splendor of glory to in order to have that human experience with you and me. Amen. That's why he can be the head. That's why he is the head because the head my head is connected to my body. It's it's a human head, not a horse head. It's not a It's not It's not a an animal's head. Amen. To on a human body. Amen. It's the same quality, the same thing. Right. It's a human brain. I hope so. I think my wife would think that. So in Colossians 1 uh we just read 15-20 he obtained all these aspects of preeminence by growing into them. All right. I want you to understand that Jesus Christ though he he was all God and though but yet he was all human. Amen. And the Bible says in Luke that he had to grow in in wisdom and in maturity as well. So he didn't know all things when he came here on earth. That's right. All right. Amen. In Revelations he said it says that that that the the re in Revelation one the revelation of Jesus Christ which God gave to him. That's right. He didn't know it at one point. The human B. I'm I'm speaking about the human aspect of of Jesus. He didn't know all things. He had to come and grow and learn. And I know that sounds kind of strange, but maybe we can just let the prophet tell you about it because look what Hebrews 7, I know this is kind of small, but I really apologize. I blow it up here a little bit. says, "Who in the days of his flesh, when he had offered up prayers and supplications with strong crying and tears unto him that was able to save him from death, and was heard in that he feared. Though he were a son, yet he learned he obedience, yet learned he obedience by the things what?" Oh, it doesn't say all the blessings that he received. every good day that he had, uh, you know, every good restaurant he was able to to eat at and, uh, money rolling in in the bank. And, uh, no, he said, though he were a son, he was a son, yet he learned obedience by the things which he suffered. Amen. And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him. Amen. That's you and I. Called of God and high priest after the order of Melchazdc. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. So Jesus, he limited himself to the human experience. Though he were God, though he was God. Amen. As God, Jesus did not need to learn anything, especially obedience. Yet at his incarnation, Jesus limited himself to the human experience. I like this. He chose the weak position of having to learn and grow. Amen. And we read that in Luke 2:52. Amen. Just like you and I. Why? because he's the head, right? And the head experiences what the body experiences. Amen. The body experiences what the head experiences, right? Every every every pain that you that your body goes through, right? Your head or your brain is given signals for that. Right. Right. There's a connection there and that's why that there cannot be a disconnect between the body of Christ and the head of Christ. Right? Because he is the head. So Jesus did not know all things. Amen. He grew in knowledge and wisdom. I said, "Wow, he did not know all things." No, he did not know all things. as as as human as as in his human experience he did not know all things that's why he said I can do nothing unless the my father shows me first that that that's what differentiates him in the aspect of him being human but yet being God at the same time we knew the we know the fullness of God dwelleth in him right he was he was all God and he and in in Isaiah prophesied that it was going to be God with us. Amen. Because there was no one else that could save us but the blood of God. Amen. That's right. I'm saved by the blood of God. Amen. I'm not saved by just a prophet's blood. Amen. Or or or or some man's blood. Amen. We we are kept saved. Amen. By that blood. Praise the Lord Jesus. And it's got to be the blood of God. Amen. Or else Amen. We're still living in in our sins. If it's not God's blood, Amen. that came in. Amen. Praise the Lord. If it wasn't his uh uh his sacrifice, Amen. then we are still living in our sins. But I thank God that it's a finished work. Amen. The brother Brandham says in the revelation of Jesus Christ, he says the following. See if we can blow it up here just a little bit. He said, "Now I said, now I said that this book of revelation is the revelation of Jesus and what he is doing in the churches for those seven ages. It is a revelation because the disciples themselves didn't know these recorded truths." All right? It had not been previously revealed to them. You remember that they came to Jesus in the book of Acts and asked him, "Are you at this time going to restore the kingdom to Israel?" See, because the disciples, they were looking for a physical kingdom, right? Where Jesus didn't come to establish a physical kingdom. Jesus doesn't care about a physical kingdom because that's easy for him to obtain, right? He's he's more concerned about your kingdom because that's harder for that's a little tougher. It's not tough for him. It's just it it's tougher because we don't want to give him the preeminence. He the whole earth is his and they obey him at his command. The animals, mountains, the trees, everything. They're subject to him. We are the hardheads. That's right. And he's the one that he's the one. He's always having to deal with us, but yet that is the reason why his mercy and grace is never I'm so glad his mercy and grace always abounds. Praise the Lord. We are hard-headed. We don't learn. We don't we we want to do it our way. And we're always seeking something physical. You know, that's why it's so important. Amen. And in the hour that we're living in, do not get caught up with physical kingdoms. These kingdoms of the earth will pass away. Amen. Heaven and earth will pass away, but my my word, Amen, which is God, will not pass away. And he said, "It is not for you." This is what Jesus said, "It is not for you to know the times or the seasons." Those men were still thinking of Jesus having an earthly kingdom, but it was a spiritual kingdom that he was going to build. This is brother Brandham still speaking. He said even he what it says even he could not tell them about his place in it for the father had not revealed it unto him. Right? So Jesus didn't know until the father revealed it to him to to him first. Now when he died and resurrected, Amen. And he said all heaven and earth, all everything in heaven and earth, amen, is is uh belongs to me. Amen. He knew all things. Praise the Lord. But he had to conquer first. Amen. He had to do his duty. Praise the Lord. He says he's his place in it for the father had not revealed it unto him. But now after his death and resurrection and at this particular time in his mediatorial ministry, he is able to set forth here in this revelation of himself to John what his glory and presence in the church would mean and do. Amen. Let me go a little. Amen. The father was what took preeminence in Jesus' life. Amen. He says, "I can do nothing on my own." In John 5:30, as I hear, I judge, and my judgment is just because I seek not my own will, but the will of him who sent me. Let's just skip a few of these here for the sake of time. Amen. So, if the head had to give the preeminence to the to the intelligence, Amen. So does the body, right? Amen. We know Jesus is the head. But as him him being here on earth, Amen. He had to give preeminence to the intelligence which was the father, right? Which was the brain, right? Because I I have a head, right? But we have a brain that controls the head, right? So it wasn't just about the head. Amen. But it was about the intelligence working through the head and that intelligence. Amen. That int uh that head, Amen, connected to the body. So it's all one unit, right? Praise the Lord Jesus. Colossians 1:18 says, "And he is the head of the body, the church who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence." Amen. He wants the preeminence in all things in your life. Amen. He He has the preeminence in all things, right? We know that he's the God of heaven and earth. Amen. But does he have the preeminence in your life? Have you given him all the preeminence? Maybe there's some doors, amen, that you still haven't opened up to him yet, right? He wants everything. Not because he wants to uh enslave you or because he wants Amen. He just He wants Amen. so that you don't be enslaved by nothing else. Right. And when he has full control that there's nothing else that can enslave you. Amen. Praise God. Amen. This is this is in just a moment we'll look here at Paul. Amen. So while Jesus was in flesh on earth the intelligence the brain uh the father took the preeminence Jesus the head submitted submitted himself to the intelligence and the body which is us the church the bride submits to the head intelligence. Right? I have this little diagram here. This is the body. Amen. the father, the intelligence, the brain while Jesus was here on earth. Amen. He him being the head but could not come to being the head until he first did his mediatorial work, right? As dying and resurrecting and paying for our sins. Amen. That's when he he he became he said, "I go I came from the father and I go back to the father." Right. Right. It was the father the whole time. Right. Praise the Lord Jesus. And then the church, the body, the church bride submits to the head or the intelligence, right? Kind of interesting that that that that it's where the neck is, right? From the neck down, that's that's that's that's the bride. That's the church, right? You know, sometimes they they say a a man says, "I'm the head of the house." And then the woman says, "But I'm the neck that moves the head, so you can't do without either one." All right. And and us brothers say, "Nobody said it." That's right. You know better. All right. Let's let's look at this here for just a moment. Paul, a prisoner of Jesus Christ. Now Paul in Ephesians 3:1, "For this reason I, Paul, a prisoner of Christ Jesus on behalf of you Gentiles," he says this in Ephesians 4:1, he says, "I therefore, a prisoner for the Lord, urge you to walk in a manner worthy of the calling to which you have been called." You know, in some places he called himself an apostle. In some places he called the servant of Jesus Christ. He called himself. But in in in other places he called himself I therefore the prisoner. Now a prisoner Amen. He's he has given himself h wholly to the system. Right. He he he has no a prisoner when you think of a prison a prisoner he has he has no rights of his own. Right. Right. He has nothing of his own. He's completely stripped away of all his rights in order to only do what is given him to do what is told to him to do. In Phileiman 1:1, Paul a prisoner for Christ Jesus and Timothy our brother to Phileiman in Phileiman 1:9 yet for love's sake I prefer to appeal to you I Paul an old man and now a prisoner also for Christ Jesus now we know that Paul he called himself that prisoner of Christ um and this was both real and spiritual for Paul we know that he he he was he was in prisons all the time but what was causing him to go to prison Amen. Was for the love of Christ for the He had given God the preeminence already. And let me tell you, when you give God the preeminence, Amen. the you're going to you're going to uh uh you're going to have trials. You're going to be persecuted. Not everyone's going to like you. Right. And certainly the devil is going to be behind is going to be after you. And this was the case with Paul. And and and there's a theme in the Bible. Amen. that that that before you people gave themselves gave the preeminence to God, they had to be knocked off their high horse first. Just like Paul did. Paul was full too much of himself. He had to be stripped away. Same thing with Joseph. Same thing with Moses. And brother Brandham talks about this in that message, a prisoner. They had to be they had to be stripped away of everything that they were in order to fully give God the preeminence. Amen. Praise the Lord. He was literally Paul was literally in Roman prisons all the time. And and this is kind of something the way the the way Paul describes in some verses of the way he was in he was under house arrest. And the way house arrest would work is is they would have to the prisoner especially if they were citizens of Rome. They were given a little better better treatment. But the way that it would work is that they would have to rent their own place to be to be a prisoner in. They were not given a place by Rome. They were they would they'd had to choose a place or uh and I'm sure there was some stipulations there. But at the same time, Paul always had to have a Roman guard tied to him all the time. So his left hand or his right hand was always chained up to a to a Roman soldier for eight hour eight hour shifts, four to eight hour shifts. And that's why Paul talks about I'm a prisoner of Christ because he took what he was going through and he spiritualized it. He he he made he he was going through something bad but yet he used it. Amen. For the glory of God. Because even though he was he was he was in prison or even though he was in tied up to a Roman soldier constantly watching him all the time, he could still write letters. He could still have visitors. He could still so he he was able to still testify. That's why he wrote all these letters of these books that we that we write that we read. He wrote Phileiman and all these different books. And so the Roman soldier, everything that Paul did, everything that Paul spoke, everything that the Roman soldier was there listening the whole time. Every soldier and and then in one scripture he says uh I greet you uh the um I'm just kind of paraphrasing. He says the the house of Cornelius or the house of of of Caesar sends greetings to you as well. In other words, they were talking amongst themselves about what Paul believed about his writings and about everything. So, you might be in a bad condition. You might be you might feel like like you're you're you're in a a spiritual uh uh you know, a tri a trial. Amen. But but look at the bright side. Look look what is it that God is doing. Amen. It might be your Roman your Roman soldier tied to you right there. Amen. But that Amen. He he we don't know what God is doing. God probably tied certain Roman soldiers to to Paul so that they could get converted. Right. And so that Roman soldier where wherever Paul didn't have any privacy at all and he knew that therefore he took advantage of the situation. Well, if I'm not going to have any privacy, I'm not going to do wherever I go, he goes. Wherever Whatever I read, he reads. whatever I write, he's he's looking at. Well, then I'm just going to just just be the best witness that I can. Amen. And that's what Paul did. Amen. I wonder if we can think about that. If we can give God the preeminence in that way, Lord, I may not have the control of everything in my life, but whatever I can do, I'm just going to make the best of it. Amen. Make the best of the situation of that that I'm in. And Lord, you take the preeminence in my life. Amen. Can can you imagine just being tied and look that Roman soldier just they're looking at at what Paul and I'm sure like how can this man write the things that he's writing? How can this man talk the way he's talking and yet be under under prison under chains? He said he said that's why he said in some places uh don't be ashamed of my chains because he was proud of his chains. Amen. Sometimes we get caught up in chains of circumstances in this life and we want people to feel bad for our chains but you were the one who got yourself into that. Amen. And then you want somebody to get you out. Amen. You you have a father that can help you out. Amen. But he wants to Amen. let you know, Amen. that you got something to do in order to get yourself out. Amen. Go repent. Amen. That's right. Praise God. Go do those. Go do what you need to do first. Then I can help you out of these chains. Praise the Lord. But Paul, Amen. He was in these chains because for doing good. For doing good. He also felt completely given over to Jesus. Amen. So I'm just going to fast forward still. here for the sake of time. Ask yourself, amen. Have I truly given my life to Jesus? Am I a prisoner of Christ? Amen. This is a personal question for everyone. Amen. Because this is the hour, the hour that we're living in. Amen. We need to make sure that we've given him all the preeminence in our lives. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Let's have the musicians come. Amen. We appreciate the the attention. [Applause] [Music] [Music] We are [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Are [Music] you happy? [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] I'm going to turn the camera. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I love [Music] you. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] like the Jesus Make me more like thee and give me a heart that's filled with love and make me more like. Oh, is that your prayer? Oh Lord, make me more like thee. Jesus, make me more like thee. and give me a heart that's filled with love and make me more like. Let's sing it like this. Let's sing it. Live your life through me. Oh, live your life through me. Oh Jesus, live your life through me and give me a heart that's filled with your love. and make me more like thee. Let's all stand this morning. Lord, oh make me more like thee, oh Jesus, make me more like thee. me and give me a heart that's filled with love and make me more like thee. Hallelujah. Amen. I tell you that just fits right in line with what brother Luis was uh ministering this morning about having him as the preeminence of our lives. How many wants more of God this morning? All of us do. We want that love to flow through us. And you know, love just isn't a feeling and what you feel. It's an action word. It's it's what we labor with and have patience and praying one for another, encouraging one for another. Well, what a desire it is to be in the house of the Lord this morning. I'm so thankful to see everyone and we just greet everyone in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Let's just sing this course once more as brother Ron comes with opening prayer and just make it a prayer of your heart this morning. I've I've had this uh song on my heart many times. Just saying it. Amen. Oh, make me more like thee. Oh Jesus, make me more like thee. and give me a heart that filled with love and make me more like live your life through me. Oh yes, live your life through me. [Music] Jesus, live your life through me and give me a heart that's filled with love and will be more like this. Amen. God bless y'all. Pretty sure we have some visitors. I know I saw Hannah here. So, it's good to have Hannah here with us. And I think the Martinez's are they here? There they are. Sorry, I can't spot some people sometimes. Um so, good to have them with us. U remember these announcements here for the um first of all, that pre-ervice sermon option number four. We're still on that. We have the Easter spring get together coming up Saturday, April 12th, uh starting at 11:00. Meet at 12:00 to 1. We'll eat at 12:00 to 1 and there will be a petting zoo and horse rides from 1 to 2:30 and everybody bring a dessert. I put that in here a couple times. Emphasize everybody bring dessert. There will also be bounce houses games. We'll have an egg hunt about 3:00 for the kids. There's the address if you need that. All right. Uh Sunday, May 18th, uh we congratulate our 2025 high school graduates with cake and ice cream. to be Anna Durret, Kaylee and Zoe Black, uh Isaac Darrett, and also Abby Roberts and Bella Urego. And April 6th, baby, that's today, baby dedication and water baptism. Also, April 26, fellowship meeting, 3:00, Brother Chris Long ministering and a meal after that. And then the following day, regular service, Brother Chris ministering on that one as well. Uh special service on April 26, there will be a signup sheet on the refrigerator. Um, I think that's obviously for the food. I should have got more detail on that. All right. So, May 2nd to May 6th, uh, Brother Way and Sister Jun, that'll be their Jamaica trip. Remember that. And also, Brother Donaldo Bust ministering for us on May 4th, fellowship meeting, Brother Tony Abboas be on the June 21st. Uh, July 6th anniversary meeting, Brother Mike Ult ministering and a meal after that one. Then also we have the Irwin meeting coming up. Uh, July 18th, fellowship at the park. July 19th at 2:00 cookout. Please sign up on the fridge individual names who plan to attend the Tennessee meeting. Uh July 19th youth meeting that'll be at the fellowship Methodist Fellowship Hall and the regular service there at the Urban Tabernacle on the 20th. Uh the communion footwashing will be after the uh service next Sunday, not today. So no communion footwashing today. Uh vision books offering is today. uh sisters retreat for 2025 September 25th to 28th. Information can be found on the link uh there on the uh WhatsApp. Brother Wade is paying for the camp fee. Transportation is your responsibility. And also um registration is open now to August 1st for that. We have one birthday today. Brother Michael's traveling today, I believe, but his birthday is today. Want to go ahead and sing to all the April birthdays. So happy birthday especially brother uh oh there are okay. Happy birthday, Brother Michael today. But here's all the April birthday Zoe. Uh, Brother Bob Black, Brother James Collie, Sister Rachel Canada, Brother Michael Poonway, uh, Sister June Dell, Brother Thomas Roberts. That one's almost cut off. Brother, uh, Sister Khloe Collins. Okay. Little Khloe. Brother Isaiah Martinez. Little Loz Valencia. David Marunga, Sister Mila Ponway, and Brother Richard Roberts, Brother John Durant. That's Big John. I think that was all of them. That Oh, and Sister Trudy Matt. And did I miss any birthdays for month of April? Let me know if I missed anybody. I need to put some more on the list. I know. Everybody good? All right, let's go and sing these birthdays. Oh, happy birthday to you. Oh, happy birthday to you. May you feel Jesus near every day of the year. Oh, happy birthday to you. Oh, happy birthday to you. The best year you ever had. Oh, happy birthday to you. Oh, happy birthday to you. May you feel Jesus here every day of the year. Oh, happy birthday to you. Oh, happy birthday to you and the best year you ever had. And also uh anniversary coming up for brother Elisha and Sister Melissa Negron. God bless them their anniversary. For prayer request, uh Sister Charlotte says that Sarah's dad passed away, the one we was praying for. So remember that family. She's having a hard time. Sister Barbara, her cousin, 30-year-old son Tyler Blosser, was just diagnosed with advanced hodkins. Remember him. Also, uh this is a praise report from brother Ron Spencer. Just kind of abbreviating it, but he had his usual brain scan. First time in 5 years was clean. Doctor replied, "What a miracle." May this be the first of many scans that I will have that we have a living supernatural God. They gave me four months when we started. Now 5 years later, I have a clear brain scan. That is a real God. Sister Rebecca, update on mom. We are home. She has uh severe dehydration. So, just continue to remember uh Sister Anna Canard, but uh everything's looking good. Just please continue to remember her in your prayer. Uh but Sister Monica turned in a real lengthy request. This is you can see it on WhatsApp, but brother Christian Eugene, he used to come to church here. uh his kidneys are functioning at less than 10% blood infected with E.coli coli cancer is quickly spreading. He's a poor candidate for chemotherapy. So it's a very rare and aggressive cancer. So really be in prayer for brother Christian Eugene. Uh also prayers for piece of street. That's the one for sister Esther. Want to keep remembering her with breast cancer all those upcoming meetings continue to be in prayer for those and remember by the way ministering for us today all spoken requests. Let's go Lord in prayer. Heavenly father we thank you for letting us get to be Lord once again. Pray you bless all these spoken requests all those unspoken on their hearts. Lord you know each need. Pray you bless brother Wade ministering for us here all the other ministers brought around the world and be with those traveling those who are away today keep them safe I pray especially for all these with the cancer diagnosis Lord especially brother Christian Eugene Lord touch him and all his families the difficult time they're going through uh little Jasper also Wells Pritchard David Matis Becky the Kellis Walker Lisa Street touch all them Lord and lift them up I pray you didn't touch little Riley Butler the little premature baby uh sister Anna Canard Lord thank you for helping her all long for continue to touch her in her body. be with also brother uh Micah Brewer traveling Lord keep him safe Lord in this trip uh sister Dale get in touch her Lord and also Tyler uh bless her and all the other requests we've been praying for we love you Lord and thank you for all your blessings in Jesus name amen God bless you and be seated he lives I can face tomorrow oh because he lives All fear is gone because I know yes I know he holds a future and life is worth the living just because He lives. God sent his son and they called him Jesus. He came to love and forive. Hallelujah. [Music] live and die to bow my part and empty grave is there to prove myself. Do you know that he's living in your heart because he lives? I can face tomorrow because he lives all over fear. All my fears are gone. [Music] Because I know I know he holds a [Music] future and life is worth the living just because he lives. [Music] And in one day I'll cross the river. I'll fight my father. No war with me. And he went down. gives way to victory. I'll see the lights of glory and I know he lives. hope because he lives and I can face tomorrow because he lives. All my fears are gone because I know. Oh, I know he holds my [Applause] future. My life is worth the living just because. Oh, let's just give him praise this morning. Oh, because he lives. Oh, I can face tomorrow. [Music] Because he lives, all my fears are gone. And because I know that I know that I know he holds my future. My life is worth the living just because he lives. Hallelujah. Amen. What an assurance. I was listening to a sermon the other day and I can't remember who was saying it. The very one thing Christianity hinges on is that resurrection. There's no resurrection, there's no life. And what a blessed assurance. It takes away the fear. It takes away all of our problems to know that he lives. And if you haven't met it this morning, he's here. He's here to let you know that he is alive. We don't have to be afraid of death. We got a a baby dedication this morning. And and we rejoice and and but there's also this thing we call death that comes into life. But I tell you, you meet the resurrection and life. and you die to yourself, like brother Luis was saying, you you give him that preeminence, there's no more fear. There's only peace and you're living in his will. Amen. Are you thankful for that? Hallelujah. Um, brother Kern, would you come this morning and lift up the tithes and offering for us? Amen. Heavenly Father, we are thankful Lord God that you have placed that burden on our hearts Lord to bring us into your house Lord to worship from you Lord Father. We thankful Lord God that we serve a God that is true to his will Lord and your will is to adopt sons and daughters unto you Lord Father. So in doing so we pray that you'll bless brother Wade as he comes use him in a special way. help the country of the [Music] people. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, some glad morning. When this life is over, I'll fly away. Oh, a home on God's celestial shores. I'll fly [Music] away. Oh, I'll fly away. Oh, [Music] glory away in the morning. I can die. Hallelujah. By and by, I fly away. And when the shadows of this life has grown, now fly away. Like a bird from prison bars have flown. Oh, I fly away. Let's all stand. Oh, I fly away. Oh, glory. Fly away in the morning. I could die. Hallelujah. By and by. Go out, fly away, and just a few more weary days. And then I'll fly away, hallelujah, to a land where joy shall never end. Oh, I fly away. Hallelujah. Fly away, oh glory. Fly away in the morning. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Oh, I fly away. Oh, glory. out. Fly away in the morning. I can die. Hallelujah. By and by. Oh, I fly away. Oh, I I'll fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away in the morning. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I'll fly away. Amen. Praise God again that we can come together to worship. I want to just give a little short testimony. Won't take but a minute. Friday night, I I started off to the store and when I got to where I was going, the traffic was so heavy I couldn't get around good. So, I decided to take a side road. When I did make the turn to turn around, I hit a curb and bust the tie. Uhoh. And soon as I got back to a safe place, I stopped. A guy came by and said, "Uh, need some help?" Said, "Yeah." So, he got out and changed his tie for me. Took the Amen. tie off and put the spare on. And then he said, "You you look like you're about 14." I said, "Well, thank you." Anyway, and he said, "Uh" and I told him the next said, "The next day, my birthday, we were talking." and he said, "Uh, we're here. Take this $10 for your birthday." So, just thank the Lord somebody for so gracious. Amen. Amen. Amen. Remember me in prayer. Amen. We're going to read this morning from Psalm 105 verses 1-14. Let us pray. Heavenly Father, we're ever grateful and thankful unto you, Lord, for all that you do. God, you have brought us this far, Lord. And we're going to follow on after you, hold on to your unchanging hand. Lord, you love us. And we know that you have given us many things, Lord, that we didn't deserve, but Father, because your love unto us, we ask you this morning to come into the congregation, Lord. Touch every heart, Father. Stir it that it may see your blessing power moving among us. God, we know that this is in late late hour that Satan is raging, but God, you are still loving us. And we thank you in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Psalm 105 verses 1-14. Oh, give thanks unto the Lord. Call upon his name. Make known his deeds among the people. Sing unto him. Sing songs unto him. Talk ye of all his wondous works. Glory ye in his holy name. Let the heart of them rejoice that seek the Lord. Seek the Lord and his strength. Seek his face ever more. Remember his marvelous works that he has done. His wonders and judgments are his mouth. Oh ye seed of Abraham his servant, ye children of Jacob his chosen. He is the Lord our God. His judgments are in all the earth. Heath remembered his covenant forever. the word which he commanded to a thousand generations, which covenant he made with Abraham, and his oath unto Isaac, and confirmed the same unto Jacob for a law, and to Israel for an everlasting covenant, saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance. in number, yay, very few, and strangers in when they went from one nation to another, from one kingdom to another people, he suffered no man to do them wrong. Yay, he brings for Amen. God bless you. May be seated. Amen. We appreciate that testimony, brother Collie. I tell you, um, Lord, he's a present help in the time of need. Reminded me of the good Samaritan testimony and or the story in the Bible. And um cuz you remember this uh the good Samaritan, he helped the person in the time of need. Then he paid uh gave some money to help and continue to help. So God has people all around us. You just look to him. He knows when you need help and can protect you and bring um who he needs on the scene uh for that. So let's um let's sing that song. The more I surrender. Amen. You know, I don't know if it's just the way the Lord is lead leading this morning, but um the way uh brother Louise again, he's just talking about preeminence. And um I don't know if anyone noticed years ago, brother Dell, he he preached on God being preeminent in your life. And there was there's a quote that brother Brandham said, "In Christ, the mystery of God revealed that sermon." And it was such a um maybe it was just so impactful to the to the people at that time. We put it on the back of the wall back there. And uh maybe sometimes when when you have time just go read that. Um, it it really is what each believer's desire. Each Christian should want is what God is trying to pour into you himself, his will, his mind, his thoughts, his nature, his love, his desires. And uh the more we surrender, we don't have to fight it. A lot of times I'm guilty. We all fight it a lot of times. Um, but when it comes down to it, we just open our heart and say, "Lord, the more I surrender, the lighter my load." We're here for a moment, a vapor, but we're here to do his will. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing this together. Just let this be your prayer this morning. Oh, the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, oh, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. And every day I live, Lord, I love you more. Oh, just sing it to him again. Oh, the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. And every day I live. Lord, I love you more. [Music] And it gets easier to understand this road I'm traveling down. Oh, no more wavering and wondering. I'm standing on solid ground. And I know I'm headed to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love. Oh, just tell him how much you love him this morning. Oh, the more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. And the more that I release my cares, Lord, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. And every day I live. Lord, I love you [Music] more. And the problems I had on yesterday are a step in stone to a higher place. The trials that seem so awesome to me are now my better of victory. And I know I'm headed to a future home. And the voice I hear always is his alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Oh, the more that I surrender, the lighter, my Lord. The more that I release my cares, Lord, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. And every day I live. Lord, I love. Let's just all stand and worship him this morning. Oh, more than I thought, more than I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I grease my cares, the more you take control, the more that I humble myself, the more you lift me up. And every day I live, Lord, I love you more. [Music] Holy words long reserve for our wall in this world. And they re with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life, words of hope. Oh, it gives me strength. It helps me cope. For it's in this world, wherever we roll. The word of God. Oh, thank the Lord. Oh, word of God. Ever true is changing me is changing you. We have come with God and the word of God in part and holy words of our faith is handed down to this age. came to us through sacrifice. Oh, heed the faithful words of Christ. Holy words long preserved. Here our walk in this world and they resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God. Sing it from your heart today. Word of God is ever true. It'll never fail you. It'll never lie. It will always help you. It's always positive. That's the only thing you can depend on in this world. Is the word of God. Sing it to him one more time. Oh, word of God. It's forever true. It's changing me and changing you. And we come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Amen. It'll never fail you. It's always true. Never will lie to you. Always will help you. The only time it doesn't help you is when you don't read it. Hello, somebody. when you don't read it. We can read everything else. As I uh we were talking u last Sunday, you can read all these self-help books you want to. This is the best self-help book there ever was. And it's eternal. It'll give you an eternal quality that them other things can. We like it's okay, Dave Ramsey and all the different ones. That's all right. That's okay. But not the eternal word of God. The eternal word of God will never fail you. It'll never leave you. nor will it forsake you. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to have everybody here. We know we're here for a couple of things. We're here for a dedication service. Also here for a baptism and then also for um something about a birthday. I don't know whose birthday that is, but I think it's my sweethearts. Keep it down. But yesterday we had a good time. Uh y'all go ahead and be seated. We're going to we're going to do this uh at first. But yesterday we had a good time. Uh for those of you that didn't come to the house, uh we had a good time of shooting and and instructions and um we found out that Levi and Jonas will be entering law enforcement and don't ever make them mad cuz they shoot the eyes out of that target. But the instructor was there and he actually helped a lot of people. So you can see the people develop into better shooters. And uh we're going to be doing it again uh Lord willing next Sunday afternoon. So at my house at 4:00 next Sunday afternoon my house at 4:00 and we'll uh we'll have um water and drinks and um you can eat grass or something and chew on chew on a stick. But we had a really good time and we appreciate the uh Mike coming and and helping us out. And some of you have some of you have expressed interest to continue the shooting part. So we'll do that next Sunday 4:00, Lord willing. And we did it yesterday because at 1:00 it's supposed to come thunderstorm. So we weren't going to be able to do that. But we sure do appreciate you. Thank you for uh being here with Brother David last Sunday. uh we were at the Methodist church and and uh spoke to them um for a little while and and had a good time in the Lord there. So, we appreciate the Lord being with us. Also, Brother Daniel Martinez will be speaking for us on Wednesday night. Always good to have brother Daniel here. Like every time he comes, but if he didn't leave, he wouldn't have to be anyway. Yeah. Next Sunday we'll have communion and footwashing. Should be today, but we got all this going on. We'll do it next Sunday. Um, good to see sister Tarcilla here with us today all the way from Kenya, Georgia, the country of Kenya. But good to have her with us and she gonna be with us for a little bit. That's sister uh Anna's mom and sister Rebecca's mom. So good to have them and always good to have Steve and and Amy with us and and I forget the young girl's name, but she knows who it is. Elbert Hubard said, "God will not look you over for medals, degrees, or diplomas, but for scars." But for scars. The great thing to remember is that though our feelings come and go, God's love does not come and go. It never waivers. Our faith waivers. Our love waivers. But God's love is eternal. And he can't change his mind. If he ever loved you before the foundation of the world, he still loves you. There's not a day in the world that God's not going to love you. There's days in the there's times that we think he's gone and left us, but it's just child training. It's just helping us to grow up and not be a spoiled child, not be a spoiled brat. So, as we get started today, we're going to speak actually on a dedication service. why we do it. A lot of times we have these these things and sometimes they become rituals, but they're not rituals. They're for a Christian to be a whole Christian. There's things we have to do that are different from the world. Okay? We believe in the Bible. We believe in scripture. We believe that Jesus Christ was the son of God. We believe that he is God, was God, and always will be God. And we believe also in baby dedications. We do not believe in ba baby baptism and I'll cover that today where the word of God tells us that in just a few minutes. So, if they'll come on up, we will uh we'll dedicate our little one. Um family, all the family, come on up and we will uh are you going to be able to pull that up on the screen with me plugged in? Just come on up. Yeah, I will. I will. All right. All right. So, this is the newest addition to the family and we sure do appreciate them. Let's go ahead and sing. Bring them in before we get started. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in from the field of sin. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little ones to [Music] Jesus. Amen. Well, we got up on the screen here. This is uh Which one is that? Is that Hudson? That's uh dad dedicating Hudson. And then dad dedicating that was one of the last ones he dedicated um before he passed away. So, um, that's little. Where'd she go? Pooky, where you? Oh, you got your little blankie. We love them and appreciate them. Good to have you here. Good to have you here to uh to do this. And uh, if you can see this, I'll put the camera on it. That my mom made this dress. No. Who made it? Nobody made it. Abby wore it. Anna wore it. You believe that? How many? 50 something years a boy. Uh, okay. And Abby wore it. Okay. What now? H the what? Yeah, I know. That's what I said. Yeah, that's what I said. That's Poke and that's um Hudson. And they've all grown up. Let me have a baby. Okay, it's okay. This is Emerson Dean Dale and we're going to dedicate her to the Lord and then um today we'll sit down and we will um go over why we do this and it's very important and I'll I'll speak some about it. But as brother Dale always said, this baby is is he's she's a Dale, but she's also a member of the church. So you, the church family, living in front of them as well, and that's your commission. We'll talk a little bit about that in just a little bit. So let's bow our heads. Let's give this little baby back to the Lord. To heavenly father, we stand today. Lord, with a child that's so innocent and pure, heart so right, has no evil thought, has no sin. Although she was born in sin, Lord, you made a way when you came and died at Calvary. You died for the little babies. And they don't have a chance maybe to to ask you to forgive them, Lord, until they get older. And father, I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus that you'll we dedicate this little Emerson Dean Dale back to you, Father. We're going to give them back to the family, but Lord, it's not going to end there. Lord, I pray that they'll raise her in the admonition of the Lord and that these things will be done for your honor and glory, Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in from the field of sin. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little ones to Jesus. Amen. Let's stand to our feet. We kind of be a little bit out of the norm today. I knew we'd have uh nobody's a visitor, but uh we would just kind of explain some things today. We we're going to explain a little bit to with uh again about water baptism because we're going to have a baptismal service. Brother Joseph's going to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. But we'll talk today a little bit about why we do these things. We don't do them, you know, um nothing against Catholic doc, Catholic doctrine or anything else. It's just that when they come and bring a ritual, that just becomes a ritual and you just you just do the you know, you just do the thing. I u I don't like programs. Um there is a method of worship, but it should be the leading of the Lord, not the leading of a piece of paper. And I know we do have to have structure here. We do have to have certain songs that we need to sing and all these things. But if the spirit of the Lord has our me has our uh song leaders to go in a different direction, then remember he's perfect. We're not. So if he comes on the scene and changes something, even a sermon, praise God for that. That means he's among us. He's doing the work and somebody needs it. All right. So let's go to Matthew 19:E13 and let's start there. All minds clear. Just remember the announcements. Um then we'll have a baptismal service immediately following this service. We'll go down to the baptismal pool and then we'll have a um a birthday uh celebration for Jim. She's her birthday's on the 10th. You heard Ryan say that, but we're going to do it today. And uh then next Sunday we'll have foot wash and communion and then we'll shoot my house up. As Ryan said, they kept they kept shooting yesterday and they kept banging it off of the um the wires where the not where the cows are, but you know, barb wire. Finally, they they broke it in half. So that's good. You got to destroy something when you start shooting. I mean, it's just just the way it is. So, but you're all invited if uh next Sunday uh just remember if you've already done it, then probably you won't get to shoot, but you can stand in the background and we can just have some good fellowship. So, Matthew 19:13, let's bow our heads. Lord, forgive us of our sins and many mistakes. First off, Lord, cleanse us. Lord, let us be as you're going to tell us. Let us be as that little child. Lord, be innocent and Lord, be available. make oursel available, Lord, for you to come on the scene, Lord, and speak to each and every heart here, Lord. That's the purpose of us coming, not just to sit here and look over at each other and and and all and even look up here, Lord, but to hear your voice and let it be the word of God spoken by lips of clay, but it may it come from your very thought that you had before the foundation of the world. Father, forgive us, Lord, if we say something maybe that somebody don't like, but we sure appreciate everybody being here. We appreciate the ones, Lord. Bless the ones that are sick. Brother Bob, Lord, being down at uh checking on his grandbaby visit for the first time there in South Carolina. Lord, I pray that you give them traveling mercies. Be with each one that's not here, Lord. Father, I pray that you'd bless us now in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. Matthew 19:13. Then there were brought unto him little children. This is talking about Jesus now. That he should put his hands on them and pray, and the disciples rebuked them. But Jesus said, "Suffer little children and forbid them not to come unto me, for of such is the kingdom of heaven." And he laid his hands on them and departed then. You may be seated. Lord had his blessing. We'll go again to Matthew 18:E1. try not to be uh and they went some of them that went with me to the Methodist church last Sunday, I told them, "Forget it. I wasn't just going to preach 35 minutes ever again." So, but anyway, don't get used to it. Matthew 18:1 says, "At the same time, the disciples came unto Jesus became disciples of Jesus saying, "Who is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven?" And Jesus called a little child unto him and set him in the midst of them and said, "Boy, oh my, could you imagine if that child knew what he was what what was going on? If that little child realized that he was he was standing in the hands of the creator, standing in the hands of the one that was going to save his soul when he got older." Wow. Jesus called the little child and said unto him, set him in front of him and said, "Verily I say unto you, except you be converted." Now watch. Except you be converted and become as a little child, you shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven. Who so therefore shall humble himself as a little child. Now that includes all us old ones, humble oursel as a little child, the same as the greatest in the kingdom of heaven. Now watch. And who so shall receive one such little child? Now look, he said in my name receiveth me, but whosoever shall offend one of these little ones which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged around his neck and he were drowned in the depths of the sea. Amen. That's pretty real. That's Jesus talking. That ain't that ain't an interpretation. That's exactly what he said. He said it'd be better what? for a millstone to be hanged around the person's neck and they remember Job even said one time he said, "Oh, I wish I wasn't even born. I just wished I wasn't born that all these things are going on but you know what Job got a revelation one day though and he said I know that my redeemer liveth and he said in the last days I'll stand on this earth and in my flesh I shall see God." So what a great thing. Technology is not. So anyway, let's stand. We'll dismiss. I just Well, you know, Anderson was back there trying to help me with the uh the printer a minute ago and and uh he just unplugged it. plugged it back in, started working. So before you call a technician for hundred and something dollars an hour, unplug the thing and then plug it right back in. All right, give it a minute to boot up and then plug it back in because that's probably going to be your biggest problem. So now here we go. So now we look and we see that that we've had a baby dedication. And the way I want you to look at this, I want you to see that as dad's always said that we dedicate babies here and give them to the parents obviously, but we also give them to each one of us to live it before them. Now, you can say what you will, but a true Christian does not act like the world. A true Christian is separate from the world. Jesus was separate from the world. Listen, they hated him. They hated their very savior because he was not normal. He wasn't of their quality. But he was a creator of the world and they missed it. Could we be missing it now because of our ideas? Could we be missing it because of our doctrinal issues that as I was telling some of the the Methodists, you know, they they sprinkle. And I said, "Your founder didn't do that." I didn't tell them from the pullpit. I just told a couple guys there. I said, "Your founder did not sprinkle." John Wesley believed in water baptismo. Amen. Is everybody with me? So who who so who who told them they could do that? There's only two forces in this world. God and the devil. God can't lie. God can't change his word. So you figure out who the other guy was and we'll talk about that in just a minute. But the dedication part I was thinking yesterday of all the and I I was part of it myself. We come and brought Josh and Hannah basically the same way here to be dedicated and then sadly we didn't live the life in front of them. Sadly, we've dedicated many people here. Many children have been dedicated here and their parents not show up again. Now, the kid's not going to be held responsible, innocent, don't have a bad thought, can't sin like you and I can sin because we know better. They don't know better. Not until they get to the age of accountability, to the age where they know that they're doing something wrong. They know they're sinning. They know they're doing something against or contrary to the word of God. But here, I want to tell you that if we're commissioned to do that, then until you get yourself right, how you going to expect the kid to be right? I'm just going to preach family today. Is that all right? Cuz I want to tell you about a a woman here in the Bible. I want you to see and it's it's it's kind of strange that her name was Hannah. And that was my grandma's name. And she had a son and her old name old age named Samuel. And that was dad's name was Samuel. And granny was 42 when dad was born. I think his dad was in his 60s. So um let's look at 1st Samuel 1 verse one. And let's look and see what kind of dedication we've we have as Christians. Now, not as Christians. Remember the Jesus said who believe in my name, who believe in me. All right? So, if you don't believe that the Lord Jesus Christ is your savior, how you going to get your kids to do the same thing? And we've seen many times before now, not here, but in the denominational world, they'll drop the kids off to Sunday school and then mom and dad goes and, you know, does whatever. They're just that's just a babysitter for them because when they get back home, they're going to hear the cussing, the swearing, the I ain't going to church and I don't love you no more. You understand what I'm saying? I want I hope you do. Cuz when we dedicate a baby, it's not just we put them in a we put them in a capsule and say, "Well, they're taken care of, but I'm going to go live anyway I want to." Then you then you fuss at the kids. I've already always told you and I know we don't believe in Santa Claus here, but uh we don't beat him up about it. We just tell them the truth that there's a man that'll save your soul, not give you a gift, and his name's the Lord Jesus, and he don't wear a red suit. But how many of you, don't raise your hand because it'll be 100%. Taught your kids there was a Santa Claus at about five years old, four years old, three years old. I know some of you didn't. But you still got caught into that influence. You lied to them and you expect them to tell the truth. You whip them for lying. Somebody ought whipped you. I'm going to preach anyway. But it's the truth. That's why and and the whole pretense of this sermon is that it's we're not going to just this is an event. This was an event this morning and we looked back on the events and we look look back on the pictures that we we pull up and and certain ones that are being dedicated. You never see them again. What have we dedicated? We've dedicated them to the Lord but dedicated you to raise them parents and then for us as a church. But now us as a church, we're not obligated to help you raise your kid if you don't bring it to church. We're not obligated to go in your home and try to change your home. You got to change your home. The first home you got to change is this one. You got to change this home first. When you change this home, the kids will see a difference. So there was a lady, her name was Hannah. Let's read about her story here real quick. Now there was a certain man of you can pronounce that of Mount Ephereim and his name was Elcana and the son of Jehoam the son of Elahue the son of Tou the son of Zeffe an Ephriotite and he had two wives the name of one was Hannah name of the other was Penaniah and Penaniah had children but Hannah had no children and this man went up out of his city yearly to worship and sacrifice it to the Lord. Remember what did he do? He did the things he was supposed to do. He did all the sacrifices back then. There was no Lord Jesus Christ as as a savior yet. They looked to Jehovah, somebody they didn't understand a lot of the times, but they understood that Moses saw him and they had a law and they lived under that law and as long as they made sacrifices, everything was okay. But remember, the ultimate sacrifice had not been made yet. All right? that the Lord Jesus had not died. And this man went out of his city to worship and to sacrifice unto the Lord of hosts in Shiloh. And the two sons of Eli, Hapney and Phineas, the priest of the Lord were there. When the time was that Elen offered, he gave to Pani his wife, and to all her sons and daughters portions. Now watch. But unto Hannah, he gave a worthy portion, for he loved Hannah. It didn't change that she didn't have children yet. He still loved her. What am I saying is you got to bring love into your family first. You got to bring the love of husband and wife in first into your family. Make your sacrifices. Do your daily offerings. I'm talking about your daily offering. But unto Hannah he gave a worthy portion for he loved Hannah. But the Lord had shut up her womb. And her adversary, now watch, also provoked her sore for to make her fret because the Lord had shut up her womb. You and I have to live so that the world can tell we're different. The Bible compels us. The Lord Jesus compels us. Everything in scripture compels us to live different and look different and act different from the world. Everybody with me? My granddaughter slipped in the door. Is that Ellie with you? Hey Ellie, God bless you. You missed a dedication. But we're compelled to be different. So, so a baby dedication to me is different than just somebody bringing them up and like they do in different places. Even the Methodist church, they have a christening or a sprinkling of the water on the on the baby's head. But that's not according to scripture. There is no scripture that says you're you're not supposed to baptize them. But the only thing was is the disciples were getting a little ill with Jesus and or the people because the children were running around. Dad's always said, and I say 100%. Kids crying, kids going out with their parents to use the bathroom or to eat a little bite of something. Oh, for those of you that went last Sunday, we are not bringing donuts into this sanctuary. Ever. This is a house of God. It's not a place that we just come like a lodge. We come here to just sit down and eat and drink in this sanctuary. That's garbage. Sorry. That's the only way those people have been taught though. So that's the way they did it. Um I believe that you need to put on your best, be your best. If you're going to come to church and see God, if you're going to just come to church to see somebody else, then you know, you need to stay home. You can. Amen. Thank you. I know this is simple, but sometimes we need to all be kind of reminded of of these things. But it is a place for us to come. Do you know if you walked into a church, church tabernacle, sanctuary, whatever it was in the Old Testament, if that high priest didn't have on the exact attire, if they weren't covered in oil, if they didn't walk the right way, put on the right, you say, "Well, it don't matter what I wear." Well, if he wore a blue and should have wore a red, he died. You know, they tied ropes around the the high priest because they couldn't go in there. But if they if he fell over dead and did something wrong, they could drag him out. If that happened here, how serious are we? That's why we don't have dos and don'ts here. We don't. But the Bible says, "Dress modest, be different. Women be women, men be men. But if we come in this house, watch it as he did so year by year. So he did it. He come to church. He did his service to God. Even though as yet Samuel had not been born yet. Everybody with me? Samuel was not born yet because he come through Hannah and God shut her womb up to give you the opportunity to see what's going on today. Word of God ever true. It was written for us. Bible says it was written for our admonition whom the ends of the world have come upon. And he did so year by year when she went up to the house of the Lord. So she provoked her, therefore she wept and did not eat. In other words, her adversaries were women. So she provoked her, therefore she wept and did not eat. Then said Elana her husband to her Hannah, "Why weepest thou? And why eatest thou not? And why is thy heart grieved?" Now today as as we we see that, have we ever done that before? Have we ever fasted and and just did without some just to try to get before the Lord? And today coming to this dedication service, I want it to be when you leave here, it was a dedication of you, not of so much of the baby because we've sheltered the child. The child has been sheltered in the arms of God until the age of accountability. But most of us sitting here today are past that point several times over, lest we forget our age. But then you and I then now need to dedicate oursel. We've had dedications. We've had rededications. We've dedicated the building again. We've dedicated each other. We've we've had mar marriage renewal vows. And that's good. That's wonderful. I was thinking this morning, how many people I'm just going to preach. How many people stand before they want to do it either in a church or a venue and they want to dress up and they want to stand before a preacher, somebody you're not supposed to lie to. They stand before a preacher and say, "Hey, read these vows. For richer, for poorer, in sickness and in health, till death do us part." and five years later they're divorced. Somebody lied. You know what the problem was? They didn't bring that third person in into the into the situation. They didn't bring that third person in. They didn't bring Jesus Christ with them when they come up here or you won't get a divorce. If you have Jesus Christ in your heart, you can't divorce. You might have problems. And the men say and the sisters say they're louder than us. for some silly reason. Reason I'm telling you all this is sometimes we don't take things serious. Sometimes we do not take what we vow. And I'm going to preach on that probably somewhere in the seals. I'm going to preach on numbers 30 which is a a chapter of nothing but vows. Now remember, as I've said many times before, it's not the intimacy and it's not the the um bodily contact that marries you, right? It's the vow. God looks at your vow. If you sisters vow yourself to a man, you are vowed and just as married. Now, is that not correct or not? You say, "Oh, no, they've not." No, the consummation is not the marriage. And many times sorrowful in this age day and age, they've already consummated it. They're just going to do the legal thing. Well, I'm going to preach anyway, but it's true. But when are we going to get back to being pure? All of us. I'm talking about men, too. We always preach on a woman being a virgin. Why can't a man supposed to be one, too? And then you and I as Christians are supposed to be virgin in mind. Remember, we're a chasteed version to Christ. virgin to Christ. We are a version of Christ. But look at this now. Here we got a man. He's not thinking a thing about it. He knows Hannah's not consing and still would teach treats her just the same. But she initiates to the Lord what she wants. So Hannah rose up. No, said Elam her husband to her, "Hannah, why weepest thou? And why eatest thou not? And why is thy heart grieved?" Listen, she was in sore pain that she didn't have a kid. Have we been in sore pain that we've not birthed Christ in our life? That we've not had let the Holy Ghost live and live out through us? Don't be scared of that ghost. It's holy. It'll make you the same thing. Am not I better to thee than 10 sons? So Hannah rose up after they had eaten in Shallow and after they had drunk. Now Eli the priest. Now here we're bringing a priest in. All right. So Eli the priest sat upon a seat by a post of the temple of the Lord. And she's she was in bitterness of Saul. Listen, she was in travail. She was in tra Have you ever just been in travail for something? I'm telling you, you better get in travail for your children because I'm going to tell you something. We're at the arc age. Everybody with me on that? We're at the arc age. Remember, Noah built it. Noah preached it, but God shut the door. God shut the door. Noah wanted to keep it open so just in case somebody else will come in, but God shut the door and said, "That's enough." We're coming to that time now. She was in bitterness of soul and prayed unto the Lord and wept sore. And she vowed a vow. Now, here we are. She vowed a vow and said, "Oh Lord of hosts, if thou will indeed look on the affliction of thine handmmaid, and remember me, and not forget thine handmmaid, but will give unto thine handmmaid a manchild." She was pretty specific. a manchild. Then I will give him unto the Lord all the days of his life, and there shall no razor come upon his head. Somebody asked me one time said, "Well, why they got long hair? Why' Jesus have long hair? Why do people have long hair in in the in the Old Testament?" I said, "Well, they took a Nazerite vow. You read about it in the Bible. If you'll act just like Jesus, you can have long hair." Took care of that, didn't it? All right. So now watch. It came to pass she continued praying. Now look, she continued to pray. She didn't just have one little 15-second prayer and and went off. No, she kept praying. She kept praying. She kept praying. She wanted that child. You know why she wanted that child? Not for herself. Not for herself. She wanted that child to give that child to God. And she knew if she give it to God, he'd be different. He would be special. He would have an anointing. And you know, Samuel was a prophet. And watch now. Hannah, she spake in her heart. Only her lips moved, but her voice was not hurt. Therefore, Eli thought she had been drunken. And Eli said, "How wilt thou be drunken? How long wil thou be drunk? Put away thy wine from thee." He was just looking at the circumstances. And Hannah answered and said, "No, my lord. I'm a woman of sorrowful spirit. I have drunk neither wine nor strong drink, but I have poured out my soul before God." My soul before God. Count not thine handmade for a daughter of Bel, which was of evil God. For out of the abundance of my complaint and grief have I spoken here too. Then Eli answered and said, "Go in peace, and the God of Israel grant thee thy petition that thou hast asked of him." God grant the petition that you ask. Not your husband, not me as the preacher, but you ask. Whatever the Bible says, whatever you say. If you say to this mountain, not if you ask your preacher to do it for you. If you say to this mountain, be moved, it'll be moved, and don't doubt in your heart. She said, "Let thine handmmaid find grace in thy sight." So the woman went her way and did eat, and her countenance was no more sad. Listen, she got her portion that she was asking for. She was settled. She didn't have to be sad anymore. She didn't have to go around. She She knew that she was going to have that child. And they rose up in the morning early and worshiped before the Lord and returned and came to their house in Rama. And Elam knew Hannah, her his wife, and the Lord remembered her. Wherefore it came to pass when the time was come about after Hannah had conceived that she bare a son and called his name Samuel saying because I have asked him of the Lord. And the man Elcana and all his household went up to offer unto the Lord the yearly sacrifice and his vow. But Hannah went not up for she said unto her husband, I will not go up until the child be weaned and then I'll bring him that he may appear before the Lord and there abide forever. So in other words, he's going to be a child still going to be a child. She's going to wean him and then she's going to give him to God. Everybody with me? Well, there's a lot to that, but we'll not get into it because I want to get in the rest of it. And Ela and her husband said unto her, "Do what seemth the good tarry until you have weaned him. Only the Lord established his work." So the woman abode and gave her son suck until she weaned him. All right? And when she had weaned him, she remembered her vow. She didn't just remember it here. She didn't just remember when the preacher said it. She didn't remember it in the temple. She remembered that vow in herself. Everybody with me? She took him up when she had weaned him. She took him up with her. Now [Music] watch. Took sacrifices, flour, wine, bullet. She was doing what the word of God told her to do. Even if her husband didn't, she was going to do it. Everybody with me? I know there's many here that live maybe without a husband or or without a wife. And that's tough. I know it's tough. But you put your sufficiency in God. Let God do the work for you. Let God be your husband. He'll be the best one. He'll never fail you. The child was young. They slew a bulock and brought the child to Eli. She said, 'Oh my Lord, as thy soul liveth, my Lord, I am the woman that stood by thee here praying unto the Lord. For this child I prayed, and the Lord hath given me my petition which I ask of him. Therefore also I have lent him to the Lord. As long as he liveth, he shall be lent to the Lord. Now listen, she goes through all that. She travails. You know, she's got to be pregnant nine months. That still from the beginning of time till now. It never got quicker or longer. It's been nine months. So she had to wait nine months to have this child. She went through the travail of childbirth. All these things that went on that are not written in scripture, but it's in there. When you bear a child, you know how hap what happened. Sisters, you absolutely know what happened. If it was up to us to do it, Steve, we'd have one and that'd be it. There'd be no more. But it wasn't. It was left up to the sisters to do that. And praise God because he honored her and gave her a son in her old age. For this child I prayed, and the Lord hath given my petition which I asked of him. There so therefore also I have lent him to the Lord as long as he liveth, he shall be lent to the Lord, and he worshiped the Lord there. Samuel was a baby just like the rest of us. But when Samuel grew up, he became a prophet. He became the voice of Israel. If if Israel got anything, they got it from Samuel book because they believe in prophets. They believed in prophets. They believe God spoke through the prophets. Amos 2:9 tells them. Okay. Okay. Okay. Let me just wait. For those of you that don't know it, Brother Luis is interpreting for our Spanish brothers and they're we're getting the We're getting a tag team here. But we appreciate we appreciate our Spanish speaking brothers and sisters. We appreciate our interpreters. And for those of you that don't know it, we're working on a program to where as I'm speaking here, when it's archived on I mean I mean when it's live stream here, you'll hear his voice in Spanish preaching the same sermon instantly. God's good. He's good to give us brothers and sisters, maybe sisters, too. Sister Christine has to keep us all straight and keep us keep us throttled down and quietened so we don't run away from the uh from the interpreters. But praise God, there'll be one day we won't need an interpreter. We'll all know each other in our own language. Now, let's look at one more situation and then we'll we'll kind of preach for a minute. This is when Jesus was born. There was a man that lived in a temple. He was old. The Bible tells it about what he did, where he was at, and what he was waiting on. So, we're going to read it here. Luke 2 verse 22. And when the day of her purification according to the law of Moses were accomplished, they brought him to Jerusalem to present him to the Lord. Now, this is the baby Jesus. All right? And they had to circumcise him on the eighth day. Everybody with me on that? That was circumcision time. As it is written in the law of the Lord, every male that opened the womb shall be called holy to the Lord and to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of the Lord, a pair of turtle doves and two young pigeons. Is everybody with me on that? Went to church, did what the scripture says all the time. Are we listen? You don't have to bring two turtle loves and two pigeons and throw them on the altar over here and let's kill them. That'd be blood, guts, and feathers everywhere. You just got to bring yourself. Bring yourself as an offering. You come and offer yourself to God. And the problem is is we want to do like just like Aaron was preaching and we told them there there's many people in this world that want to be saved from hell. They're scared. But do you want him to be your Lord and Master? Do you want him to be your Lord and Savior? Not just your Savior. Because to bring it up a notch and for him to become your lord, he has to become the lord of your life apart from anything else. To a Christian, he we're we're the very center of God and he's the very center of us. And everything every decision, everything we do should be centered around God. Ann and Zach made a made a vow to have the baby dedicated and they did it. So God will honor it as long as they'll honor God. Same way with all of us and live before him. Behold, there was a man in Jerusalem whose name was Simeon. Now this old man lived in a temple. He was good, devout, but God spoke to him one day and said, "You'll not die till you see the Lord or the consolation of Israel." And the Holy Ghost was upon him, and it was revealed unto him by the Holy Ghost that he should not see death before he had seen the Lord's Christ. So what a consolation, don't you think? I mean every even even on the Sabbath day that's one thing you could do if that eighth day fell on the Sabbath day because the Sabbath day you didn't do anything but if that eth day of circumcision fell on that Saturday you circumcised so the temple was always full and here's Simeon and oh praise God that he was led by the Holy Ghost. Why can't we be led like that? Why can't when we come to church that we want to see the Lord's Christ, not see a group of people, not worried about what I'm going to preach, but hope that God speaks to you and helps you. Why waste your time? Cuz if you're not a Christian, you're in time. Time is against all of us. I know we sing that song, I'll not die, hallelujah, by and by. And I know that's hard for people to see. The graves are full of people that go went to this church, but they're not dead. They're more alive than we are. I'd rather be there than here. You say you're crazy. Thank you. But here's a man that devoted his life to see one kid, one baby. Cuz watch what he did. He stood there every day and watched that line go by. Never felt the move of the spirit. Never felt the move of the spirit. Hundreds, thousands of babies, men, babies. He knew that was going to be a manchild. He knew that he was going to be the savior. He had read Isaiah. He had read Jeremiah. He had read all these different things. He had known him as Jehovah. But that wasn't that baby's name. He knew the baby's name wasn't going to be Jehovah cuz I see the Lord's Christ. That's what he said. Won't see death till I see the Lord's Christ. And he came by the spirit into the temple. When the parents brought in the child Jesus to do for him after the custom of the law, then took he him up in his arms. What a time. What a time. I was thinking yesterday, Brother Dutch and Sister April Scott, they become grandparents. Had the first grandchild a couple days ago. And I told him, I said, "Listen, buddy. You're your your your world's changed. You're going to think different, act different. They never make a mistake. I got my grand baby back there." So, but they do. Sorry. But think about Simeon. He's getting old. His life's getting ready to be over. But he's promised by God in a revelation by the Old Testament that that child was going to be in the temple going to be born of a virgin. He had heard the rumors and here comes this little virgin in. She was still a virgin. She had not known a man, but she had a baby in her arms. And I'm sure that there was probably a 10-ft gap in front and a 10-ft gap behind her because she had a bad name. She had a bad reputation. But yet God sent that baby exactly the way that Isaiah said, "Behold, a virgin shall conceive and give birth to a [Music] manchild." But it didn't bother Simeon because Simeon was led by the Holy Ghost. When are we going to start being led by the Holy Ghost and not by every other ghost there is? Then he took him in his arms. He knew he had seen what he was looking for his whole life. He felt the pull. He felt the anointing. He felt that today that scripture had been fulfilled that he had been living for for years, years. He was an old man. It doesn't say when God revealed that to him, but I'm sure it wasn't just right then because he was waiting for the consolation of Israel. In other words, for Israel to come to their right state. The Messiah had to be on the scene. And he took him up in his arms and blessed God and said,"Lord, now let thy deserv thy servant depart in peace according to thy word, for mine eyes have seen thy salvation." What about a man lived his whole life and brother Donnie, one moment defined his whole life, but he had Jesus in his arms. He may not have known exactly what he was doing, but I'll promise you, he knew that that baby was going to grow up and be Isaiah, Jeremiah, and all the prophets. He was going to fulfill the scripture. And he said, "Let me depart in peace." That's what we should be as a Christian. When you meet the Lord, when you hold him in your arms, you say, "I've never done that before. You better try. You better bring him so close till he gets inside of you and lives your life, lives his life through you. And then what are you going to be? A living vessel, holy for my eyes have seen thy salvation. Now, just make a few comments here and then we'll go to we'll go to uh water baptism. Now, look, as we said before, babies have no sin. They were born in sin. We're all born contrary to what God wanted in the per in the first place. All right? But God made a provision. He sent his son. That baby we've been talking about grew up to be a man. And that man died on a cross to save every person. That's what I was preaching last weekend. The very most simple. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son. That love is not the love you have for your parents or your family or your car or your That's a love of God called agape. For God so agape this world. Agape love is not conditional. It is unconditional. It never changes. As I said before, you may have bad days and good days, but God doesn't have a bad day and a good day. We need to start yielding oursel to what's inside of us. Everybody with me? But a baby has no sin. What's it sin for? What's it sin? What's it The process of sinning is what? You got to think it here first. Is that right? You think it here first. This is where sin began. And then it what? It develops down into and all your body does is displays what's inside of you. You can hold it. You can keep it secret every once in a while, but all of a sudden the real you is going to pop up somewhere. And I hope and pray that the real you today has already been dead, killed as we're going to the grave in just a few minutes. We're going to go out there and we're going to put our brother in a grave. But praise God, they put Jesus in a grave, but he's still not he's not there anymore. He resurrected and we're going to resurrect into newness of life. Have you ever listen, the Bible tells us at the very end of this, he said, "Behold, all things have become new." But when you get the new birth that's here, that takes you to that new image that you're heading toward that everybody that's gone on on that other side has met that. They've met that what was inside of them. They just developed into that. Had to leave the body here because of sin. Because they were born in sin. But the soul is what God's worried about. He's not worried about your body. He's worried about your soul. For God so loved the world, so agapeed the world. And agape is non conditional. Even your love for your wife is conditional. Oh, please. If your wife cooks good, keeps your clothes clean. If if if that's filio love. That's where you get the word from the um in Pennsylvania, Philadelphia. It's called the city of brotherly love. Philadelphia or filio love is the love you have for your friends, your brother. And you I love the deer hunt. Well, now what am I talking about at that at this point in my life? That's what I like to do. If I can't do that anymore, I'm going to go and love something else. That's why God's love is unconditional. He can't say, "Oh, oops. I'm sorry, Regina. I didn't see that. She made the biggest boo boo and she I'm gone. She gone. I'm out of here." No. He saw you making mistakes already before the foundation of the world. Before you ever come into human flesh, you made a mistake. But you were in the mind of God in the eternal part. If you have him today in your soul, if that soul inside of you is wanting something more than this stinking world can give you, they can put everybody they want to in the White House. They ain't going to turn this thing around. We are headed for disaster. Don't put your hopes in the stock market. Don't put your hopes in your job. You better put your hopes in Jesus Christ. Put him first. Seek ye first the kingdom of God. God, what can I do? What what what what what's in my plan? Instead of you making the plan. Because remember, we fail, we go in this direction, we go in that direction. God never fails. But the reason we don't baptize or sprinkle babies is this one thing. There's two separate things in Christianity that we look at. One is a dedication and one's a baptism. Everybody with me? They're not the same. There's two different things that we do. You can't intertwine them together and say that we baptized this baby. Well, that per that baby don't need to be baptized again. No, that baby is covered under the sinless part of Jesus Christ dying for it before it reaches the age of accountability. Everybody with me? But see, baptism doesn't make you a Christian. I wished it did. I'd go throw everybody in the lake. I would if that's all it was was salvation. We just started throwing them in the water. But that's not it. It's an outward expression that God has done something in your life because you were in sin. This baby's not in sin. This baby's being dedicated as something delicate for us to take care of until it reaches a point to where God can deal with that child. With me? But baptism, you can baptism a hundred babies, thousand million babies. That's not what God's talking about. But it's too young to know what baptism is because baptism is not just getting wet. It's an outward expression that something has changed on the inside or is changing or you feel a pull. You feel something different. Prophet tells us a child is too young to be baptized. A baptism is an outward expression that an inward work of grace has been done. In other words, we brought the we brought the kids up here. They didn't say, "Bring me to be dedicated," right? Because they don't know the difference. We as as parents then that's the connection we have. We're going to bring them up here and have them dedicated because they don't have to be baptized. Now when that kid grows up to 7 8 9 10 11 years old whatever it is age of accountability it's all different for others that's up to you and God then you've got to come to a place and said I have sinned and now I want to be different I want to be baptismal or changed from one to another one place to another remember but it doesn't save you but it's there there's no way that little Emerson is want to to outwardly express herself. Oh, she's doing it now. But it's uncontrollable. That's why I said I don't have problems with babies. I have problems with adults acting like babies. Why cry? Crying means you need something. You want something. They can't express theirelves, so they cry. But remember, dedication, we're doing it for them, right? Everybody with me? We'll be done here in a second. We're doing it for them. We are We are But now what you're doing is though, you're vowing a vow. Come on. You're vowing a vow that you're going to bring my ch I'm going to bring my child. give it to the preacher. Preacher gives it back to them. And somewhere in all that, we give it to God. But you got to give yourself to God first. Don't try to say, "Well, my my my baby's just my baby's done. She's sealed in. He's sealed in. He's he's good." Yeah, until the day of accountability. But what about you? What about me? I left of my own accord. And usually that means you take your kids with them with you. And for that I'm sorry. But there's somewhere you got to turn around. Start doing right. Start acting right. Start acting different. That's just one of the things I don't understand is people, and I even think I've said it in the Methodist church, Christianity is a broad brush nowadays. Everybody with me? You know what I'm talking about. It's a big old broad brush. Well, I'm a Christian. No, I thought the Bible said straight is a way. Narrow is the gate. Narrow a little brush. Which means you got to live different than just saying I'm a Christian. As Ryan sitting here in the front, he started in a Christian rock band. May I? He called it Christian rock, but he called it Croc. And I was watching one the other day, and when you can't tell, I mean, out of their mouth, they're singing gospel songs, but they look just like the rock people that are singing for the devil. There's got to be a separation. Kids, don't get caught in all that. Listen to the words. I said before, I don't mind if you listen to contemporary music. I want you to sing that song here though with a pure mind and with the Holy Ghost, not looking like the devil and trying to worship God. It's what I said. I'm a Christian. Have you ever been to church? No, but I'm a Christian. Baptist. I went to church when I was seven. I shook the hand of the preacher, got my letter. You been back to church yet? No, I ain't been back to church yet. They'll be 50 years old, 60 years old. Listen, you say, "Oh, it happens, folks. I've seen it at funerals. That's not the way this Bible's written. That's not the way Christianity is a walk. It is not a halftime. Every once in a while, a feature. It is your life. So, the baptism is an outward expression that something's going on different. You are now professing to the world. Somebody's not bringing you to this You're inside of you expressing out now what you're wanting to do. You can't keep it inside. Listen, when Simeon felt the move of the Holy Ghost, he went straight to that baby. It pulled him to that child. Why? Because he was looking for that child. Are we looking? That child's not a baby anymore. That child died, grew up, died to save your soul. Are we willing to let him do it? So, a baptism is a confession of an inward work of grace. It's been done. A little infant has no knowledge of sin. Therefore, when Jesus died, he died to take away the sin of the world. Because remember, he agapeed the world. He loved the world without condition. You say, "Well, he didn't save everybody." Hold on a minute. Yes, he did. Yes, he did. Or the Bible's wrong. You have a decision to make. He would have saved Judas. He would have saved Adolf Hitler. He even told Cain, he said, "If you'll do like your brother," God spoke to him straight lipped to ear. He said, "If you'll do like your brother, in other words, I'll accept your sacrifice." Why I said we're not a broad brush bunch of Christians. I ain't saying that again. But we're not. When Jesus was baptized, immersed, he went up straight out of the water, and lo, the heavens were open, and he saw the spirit of God descending like a dove, enlightening on him. He's talking about Matthew. And lo, a voice from heaven said, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased." Matthew 28:18. Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, "All power in heaven and earth be given unto me, me in heaven and in earth." There's three things we're compelled to do as Christians. Go, teach, and baptize. Everybody with me? I got it right there. Go ye therefore comma and teach all nations comma baptizing them in the name that is not names that is name. Father's not a name. Son's not a name. Holy Ghost is not a name. I'm going to read you here in a minute. Jehovah is not God's name. It's a title. It's a title to a name. So what's he saying? Go baptize in the name of who you know the father is, who you know the son is, and who you know the holy ghost is. It's the Lord Jesus Christ. Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you. And lo, I'm with you always, even until the end of the world. Name means a word or combination of words by which a person, place, or thing, a body or class or any object of thought is designated, called or known. In other words, designated Aaron Roberts, raise your hand. Aaron Roberts, raise your hand. Aaron Roberts, raise your hand. Oh, there's only one now. Humans, raise your hand. Fathers, raise your hand. Sons, raise your hand. That was a lot. Aaron Roberts, raise your hand. one one person raised their hand because he's identified with that name is how he's identified. He's a father, he's a son, he's a human. Like all y'all raise everybody raising their hand, right? But only one Aaron Roberts, raise your hand. Well, that's pretty consistent. Yeah, I know. I know I was a little slow. I kind of give you a little time in between, but Aaron Roberts, raise your hand. happens every time. So now in Acts 2:38, Peter said unto them, "Repent and do different than what Jesus said." That's not what he said cuz Peter had just received the Holy Ghost which was inside of Jesus speaking to the people. Am I correct? Or you got two or three different Holy Ghost? You got one Holy Ghost. be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sin and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. What a what a promise for the promise is unto you and your children and Roberts raise your hand. Okay, see there I can't even trick him because he's identified. You know, you sitting we were sitting the other day and about 1500 people. We were at a um wild game supper and I didn't jump every time a name was it wasn't mine. It wasn't my name. They didn't call my name. They called Aby's They called Abby Grace Roberts and she about melted. I was going to have to give her some She had to stand up in front of 1500 people so they could bring her her prize. But there's not another person in 1500 people. There's not another person stood up that was Abby Grace Roberts. One faith, one Lord, one baptism. Let's continue. Mark 16:15. This is the same version of what Jesus was telling them in Matthew. Go ye into all the world, preach the gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, but he that believeth not shall be damned. John 4:1 when therefore the Lord knew how the Pharisees had heard that Jesus, excuse me, made and baptized more disciples than John, though Jesus himself baptized not but his disciples. So the discip if the disciples had to be baptized, you going to have to be baptized because remember Paul's going to meet a group of people that was preaching and the Holy Ghost fell on them, but immediately what what Paul tell them? You need to go be baptized. Ephesians 3:14, for this cause I bow my knees unto the father of our Lord Jesus Christ, in whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named. Exodus 6:3, I appeared unto Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob by the name of God Almighty, but by my name Jehovah, was I not known to them. Jehovah is not a name. It's a title. Matthew 18:1 19 again I say unto you that if two of you shall agree on earth as touching anything that they shall ask it shall be done for them of my father which is in heaven for where two or three are gathered in my name there I am in the midst of them John 14:13 Now listen let me ask you a question who's he talking about right there Jesus said in my name there I'll be in the midst who who is who he talking about Roberts. He didn't raise his hand when I said in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ or Jesus Christ. John 14:13, "Whatsoever you shall ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son. If you shall ask anything in my name, I will do it." Acts 8:12. But when they believed Philip preaching the things concerning the kingdom of God and the name of Jesus Christ, they were baptized both men and women. Acts 8:14. Now when the apostles were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent Peter and John, who when they were come down, prayed for them that they might receive the Holy Ghost. For as yet he w yet he was fallen upon none of them. Only they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost. There's something connected to that name, baptism, right name, Holy Ghost. Acts 10:47, can any man forbid water that these should not be baptized which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we? And he commanded them, this is Pet Paul, and he commanded them to be baptized in the name of the Lord. Then prayed they him to tell you certain days. Acts 19 verse1 this is Paul again he said unto them unto what were you baptized and they said unto John then Paul said John barely baptized with the baptism of repentance saying unto the people that they should believe on him now who's that him Jesus Christ not a father not a son not a holy ghost that's not a name those are titles that they should believe on him which should come after him that says on Christ Jesus. When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. And when Paul laid hands on them, the Holy Ghost came on. It looks like that kind of connects together. And they spake with tongues and prophesied. Let's read this and then we'll close. Musicians, come up. A song and psalm and song at the dedication of the house of David. I will extol thee, oh Lord, for thou hast lifted me up and hast not made my foes to rejoice over me. Oh Lord my God, I cried unto thee and thou hast healed me. Oh Lord, thou hast brought up my soul from the grave. Thou hast kept me alive that I should not go down to the pit. Why? Because he dedicated himself right here. We know he was dedicating the temple, but this is the temple. Sing unto the Lord, oh you saints of his. Give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness. For his anger endureth but a moment, and his favor is life. Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning. Joy cometh in the morning. So what are we doing here? We're Christians. All right? We have made our confession. We have not made a dedication yet. The dedication was brought here. All right. By the parents, but we're going to go to a baptismal service that our brother has confessed that he wants to show the world that something has changed, that something is different than it was before. We believe in baby dedication. Absolutely. We do it all the time. But I'm telling you, don't make the mistake of thinking that's all you got to do. Let's stand our feet. It's the whole Christian walk is a life. A life. The baptism. The whole family in heaven and earth is named what? The Lord Jesus Christ. Because when I told Aaron to raise his hand, I said, "Aaron Roberts." Now, there might have been. There's a couple Rebecca's in here and there's a couple of other people in here that could have raised their hand if I had just said, "Rebecca, raise your hand." But Aaron Roberts is his full name. Not with the other, but we knew who. Did y'all know exactly who I was talking about? If you knew Aaron, you know he's sitting right there. Aaron Roberts, Lord Jesus. baptizing them in the name of the father and of the son and of the holy ghost. We are which is the name of the lord Jesus Christ. That's a Catholic doctrine and it's wrong. It's false. The name of the Lord Jesus Christ puts you in a good position to receive the Holy Ghost for the promises to you and your children to them that are far off. We've read that many times. You ought to see those people scrambling in the Philippines when we have those mystery exposing and and a brother stands up and says, "I'll give you $10,000 if you can show me where anybody was baptized any other way than the name of the Lord. Name of the Lord Jesus or Lord Jesus Christ in the Bible. I'll give you $10,000." Well, buddy, $10,000 to a Filipino. Well, to us, too. But that's a year salary to them. They tear their Bibles up trying to find it. You can't find it. It ain't there. God does his things right. and he doesn't write the first time. So I take today we're going to go to a watery grave, but I ask you, have you dedicated yourself just as we dedicated this child? Have you dedicated your life, your service, and whatever you have, have you dedicated it to the Lord? If you haven't, it's time to do it again. I mean, rededication. We baptized some of you a couple times, maybe some three times. That's okay. But there's somewhere you got to put that stake down and say, "This is it, Satan. I've done everything God told me to do the right way. So back off. Back off. You have that ability to say, "Back off, Satan. I've done everything." But now, if you hadn't, he can stand right there, know your line, and still just keep bothering you and bothering you and bothering you. Listen, never in my life. And my dad didn't do it either. He didn't preach that. You got to be a Christian or you're going straight to hell. Now, if you're not, you're going. But there's grace in there and there's love in there. Know Jesus. Get to know him intimately. If not, there is a devil's hell that's waiting on everybody. I don't care how good you are. I don't care how nice you are to people. There's going to be a lot of nice people in hell. But there's not going to be one person in hell who has Jesus Christ in their soul. Not one. Not one. He's already went to hell for me. He went through a devil's grave. He went through hell for me. But as he resurrected in newness of life, so when we read that out here, that's what's going to happen. We're going to resurrect in newness of life. My dad and brother Tatum and all the different ones, they're not coming back here old. They're coming back here newness of life. But you got to know him here to carry him over there and for him to carry you back here. Oh, what a If you're not a Christian today, I hope you don't sleep until you find that person. I'm talking about not a message, not God sent a prophet. You find Jesus Christ and I'll promise you, he'll point you to the scripture. He'll point you to the truth. He can't because remember somebody told me one time, God don't make a mistake. I think I say it about every service. God doesn't make a mistake. Never has, never will. And he put all he put everything he thought right [Music] here. Let's sing a song. Just remember yours. When we finish, if you have a needad glad I'm yours, Lord. I'm so glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. So glad you found me and you set me free. [Music] and glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. Oh, so glad I'm yours. Listen, you're somebody's today. You got to decide whether you're God's or the devil. I still believe in good oldfashioned salvation. I believe in the works of God. I believe the Bible has found and I believe we've been given the truth in this end time. So glad you found me. Have you set He didn't just find you. He set you free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad. Thank you one more time. Think about it. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. Don't turn that voice down. That voice is trying to tell you, "Come unto me all that are labored and heavy laden, and I'll give you rest." Don't try to get in the way. The problem is we get in the way. Let's look to him. He said, "I am the way. I am the truth. And I am the life." Put all your burdens on him. Quit trying to figure it out. [Music] So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. Amen. God bless you. We'll still continue the service. We're just going to continue it downstairs. Everybody knows where the baptismal pool is and we're going to It's raining a little bit. Okay. Well, they say it's supposed to get really bad about 1:00. So, let's just pray that we'll we're going to head down there now. Everybody just continue down. I'll change clothes and then we'll have the baptismal service. Anybody else wants to be baptized? We got plenty of water, plenty of um of towels and whatever you need. [Music] Then remember when we get finished with that, we'll come back inside and we'll have some cake and ice cream for June's birthday. So, let's bow our heads. Lord, thank you so much that you give us an opportunity, Lord, to speak to the purchased possession that you saw before the foundation of the world, they'd be standing here. Lord, I pray that you'd be with each one, Father. Lord, lead our lives, Lord. Be the center of everything we do. Father, be with us now as we continue down. Lord, just stop the rain for a little while, Lord, so we can have the baptismal service. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed. Has followed [Music] me and so glad you found me. Oh, and you set me free. I'm so glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad I'm yours, Lord. I'm so glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy. [Music] has followed me. I'm so glad you found me and you set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm
