################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-14 - 25-1214am - Sins Regression and Faiths Progression - Manuel Valencia - Manuel Valencia.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-14
Title:   25-1214am - Sins Regression and Faiths Progression - Manuel Valencia
Speaker: Manuel Valencia
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GXctPYH42c
========================================

We'll get ahead and do a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, we do submit to you. We're so grateful that we're here, that you brought us here, that you're giving us, Father, a a time to set aside this morning to start a brand new week. No doubt a busy week, this uh time of year. Um I pray that you will restore to us strength, vision, and give us, Father, what we have need this morning. and as a family, as individual that we come to hear your word. I pray that you will um give us supernatural food in due season here this morning. Uh prepare the minds and the hearts for service uh for later on for the sermon, Father, and for the worship service. As we pray, as we unite our faith, a lake of fires, Father, that we brought to have a good bonfire this morning, I pray. And I pray that you would uh quicken these words to us of eternal life in the name of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you all saints. So today I'll be talking about um sin. We're going to be hitting it really hard today. So if you brought your uh mud boots on, put them on because we'll end in a good note. But you know uh lately I know noticed that there's been a lot of uh good encouraging word coming through and a lot of uh you know hopeful studies and and such. But we do know that sin is sin and and the word is the word and the word is and God is righteous. you know, he's a god of grace, but he's a god of uh correction and righteousness. So, I think this it's it's a very important thing that we uh really hone in and and really understand these these uh portions of scriptures. So, this is sin's regression. I was going to call it the sin progression meaning like how does sin progress because there's a scripture that tells you this that happens then this then this and it's actually four components that happen. But by that I mean the steps of it, right? But it's actually not a progression as we know. It is a regression. So with that, I would like to subtitle is faith progression. &gt;&gt; Right? I think I do believe that God's word is is amen and amen and it is positive. Amen. &gt;&gt; So with that uh if you have James um we can go to um let me put this display setting in a different way here to pick a slideshow. There you go. So with this we have uh James 1 and this is going to be our anchor verse uh two verses a scripture 14 and then 15. It's noteworthy that you note it those that are following along. So look at the progression here. You know what ends up being a regression, right? It goes down not upwards. But every man is tempted. Before that it was talking about that God cannot be tempted, right? Of evil and he doesn't tempt himself when he is drawn away of his own lust and enticed. Then when lust hath conceived, look at the illustration there, conception in the womb, it bringeth forth sin, and sin when it is finished bringeth forth death. Amen. So I have it here with the the highlighted verses where it says, "But every man is tempted when he is drawn away." Okay. So there's a separation that happens of his own lust and enticed. Then when lust has conceived, it bringeth forth sin. And sin when it is finished bringeth forth death. So look at the progression here. We have a drawing away. A drawn away which usually means a stepping out. It usually means uh in order for you to sin, you had to actually come out of God's protection. You had to actually deny God's word to begin with. You have to start the first step and process of a disbelief of of a certain word, a precept um that has been set before us. And then picture this lust is is conceived. You're drawn away. Then lust. Then you have enticement which comes with the lure. It comes with the word enticement also means being uh captured. It also means that you are already hooked, right? So that's sins hook and it means that you're trapped really. &gt;&gt; Then it says when lust is conceived, of course it's it's it's a conception now. So it's going to bring forth sin and then when sin sin is finished, when it has accomplished his work, it's going to bring forth death. So, you know, we are going to get a little bit on the on the sins progre regression there. And then uh just do note that we're going to get the head out of water out of this. So, because it is going to be uh you know, plenty of scriptures that that describe sin and really how horrible it is. You know, we know we got a message and we know that in our soul the the the born again child of God, bride of God um has been given a promise, right? That we didn't do it to begin with and that, you know, in our soul either sin or disbelief. But you know there's other aspects of us right there's people in different growth there is also uh you know you have your flesh you have your your spirit right the human spirit as well so picture it so it's lust enticed sin death that's James again so this is the cycle if you look at it it's you're drawn away then there is lust by his own lust not your neighbor's lust then you're enticed then there's sin and then there's death. And this is exactly all the scriptures, all the words that that James wrote about. This is how it it happens. And and to prove that in Romans 6:23, it says, "For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord." And here it's inevitable to to note that in order for you to have this eternal life and the gift and all that even to want a gift is you would have had to been a participant of wages right of sin and to actually be given that death as a wage of your sin. then you're a candidate to to hope for to want to aspire for something you can earn a gift of eternal life. So I had the same cycle here. I was like late last night trying to picture this so it could really uh sink in. It's the same cycle. Drawn away, lust, enticed, sin. But then it said at death after that, but somewhere between that or right after death, that's when you're in a position to to ask for forgiveness for the most part, right? For the for the ungenerate unregenerated person, for the for the person who's uh out away from the Lord. Of course, uh we'll bring a balance to this here as we go forth it. So, look at this. Proverbs 22:3. I I love this scripture, especially how it reads in Spanish. A prudent man foreseeth the evil. And this means the forewarn, the one that has been warned about something. Forese ahead of time. But when a prudent man sees evil from afar, it says he he does not pass by it. And here it says he hideth himself. But a simple one, a simple person pass on and are punished. So even when they see it afar, they actually do the opposite. They're drawn away then, you know, by his own lust. They're drawn away by his own I got to keep on the mic. They're drawn away on it by his own lust and then they are um they're uh enticed and then of course it sin is conceived and then it brings forth sin and then when sin is finished it produces death. Right? So the the scripture that is burning in my heart here's an illustration if anybody can guess what what this is going to be about is the simple one the the youth in Proverbs 7. So, and if you did single out your scriptures there, it's it's worth having it there because we're going to look at uh Proverbs 7, 6, and five. Those three relate to a same similar story. It's very near and dear to the heart because it I think it lays out the pro the progression again, the the steps that really, you know, result in in uh death. So, Proverbs 7 starting at verse 6, and I think we're going to go pretty close through the whole chapter. So for at the window of my house I looked through my casement and beheld among the simple ones I discerned. It's almost like could see it happening before it even happened among the youth a young man void of understanding passing through the streets near her corner and he went away. He went the way to her house that that was being drawn away in the twilight in the evening in the black and dark night. And behold, behold, there met him a woman with the attire of an harlot and subtle of heart. But have you heard that before? Right. Subtle. She's loud and stubborn. Her feet abide not in her house. Now is she without now in the streets and lith and wait at every corner. So she caught him that's enticement and kissed him and with an impotent face said unto him, I have peace offerings with me this day I have paid my vows. Therefore, come, excuse me, therefore came I forth to meet thee diligently to seek thy face, and I have found thee, and I have decked my bed with coverings of tapestry, with carved works, with fine linen of Egypt. I perfume my bed with myrr, alos, and cinnamon. Cinnamon. Come, let us take our field of love until the morning. Let us sol ourselves with love. For the good man is not at home. He is gone a long journey. He hath taken a bag of money with him and he will come at the day appointed. Let's go to 21. With her much fair speech she caused him to yield. This is the the steps. With the flattering of her lips she forced him. So she this is where disbelief is really conceiving now. The the the sin. This is where it happens. He goeth after her straight way as an ox goeth to the slaughter or as a fool to the correction of the stocks. That's prison to a dark strike to a until a dart strike through his liver. Here here's where death is starting to come set in. As a bird hasteth to the snare and knoweth not that it is for his life. Right? That's what sin does. Look at this image here. Her house, the the house of sin, right? This is an illustration of adultery, but you you fill in the blank is the way to hell, going down to the chambers of death. So, here's the illustration between Proverbs 7 and James 1. Drawn away. In verse 8, it said, "Passing through the streets near her corner and he went away to her house." He was drawn away. and then lust. So in the twilight, right, in the black night, and behold, there met him a woman with an attire of a harlot, subtle of heart, and it was in ties, she caught him and kissed him. Verse 13. In verse 21, it says, "With her much fair speech, see that's what happened to Eve, right? There was another voice that contradicted. We either have faith or disbelieve. You have faith or sin. Believe or unbelief." So she started to believe in a lie, right? So with her much fair speech, she caused him to yield. With a flattering lips, she forced him. And then here's what happened in verse 23. Until a dart strike through his liver and knoweth not that it is for his life. But see before this happened, there were some instructions given in the same chapter. You can note there the first five verses of chapter 7 of Proverbs and the very last few verses of the same chapter 7. Look at the instructions that they were given precisely against that topic. The strange woman. Proverbs 7. My son, keep my words and lay up my commandments with thee. Keep my commandments and live in my law as the apple of an eye. Bind them upon thy fingers. Write them upon the table of thine heart. Say unto wisdom, Thou are my sister. and call understanding my king's woman cousin or something that they may keep thee from the strange woman from the strange which flatterth with her words which lies which unbelief which antichrist teaching right proverb 7 see it starts and it ends here's the 24 verse where it ends was with the instruction hearken unto me now therefore all ye children and attend to the words of my mouth Let not thine heart decline to her ways. Go not astray in her paths. See, it's a very concise chapter. It's all about that topic. And and we saw what happened between verse 6 and 23. But it it started with the instruction and it ended with the instruction for her ha verse 26. For she hath cast down many wounded. Yeah. Many strong men sin. Many strong men have been slain by her, that house of death, the house of sin. Proverbs 5 is a very similar um concept. My son, attend to wisdom and bow thy near unto understanding. You see how it starts with the instruction again. That thou may regard discretion. It's a very important thing. Discretion that thy lips may keep knowledge for thou for the lips or the other lips now, not the lips of knowledge of a strange woman drop as a honeycomb. You see the the copycat here where you know the the word is as sweet as a honeycomb and and it says and her mouth is smoother than oil but her ant is bitter as warmwood sharp as a two-edged sword. Where have you heard that before? Now it's not a two-edged sword. It's ass. Kind of like like the lion, right? Satan is not a lion. He's roaring ass a lion. He has no teeth. So it it's it's really a perversion, right, of the original. So but it is here. It's trying to do the opposite of of what it's a two-edged sword, but it does something different than what God's two-edged sword does, right? And it's pretending to do that. Proverbs 5 and six in parallel. So her feet go I'll go a breeze through this because then I want to get us out of this house of sin that we're walking through here to exploring. So her feet go down to death, her steps take hold of hell, lest thou shouldest ponder the path of life. Her ways are movable, not immovable, that thou cast not know them. Hear me now, therefore, oh ye children, and depart not from the words of my mouth. Remove thy way. See, that's different than being drawn away. Far from her, and cup not nigh, he was kind of lingering around the corner, remember? Nigh the door of her house, the house of sin. Lest thou give thine honor unto others, and thy years unto the cruel, lest strangers be filled with thy wealth that took you so long to to attain, and thy labors be in the house of a stranger. And thou mourn at the last, when thy flesh and thy body are consumed, and say, How have I hated instruction, and my heart despised reproof, and have not obeyed the voice of my teachers, nor inclined mine ears to them that instructed me, Bible, right? Message. So, Proverbs 7, drink waters out of thine own system. So, why would it say that in this relation to this and running waters out of thine own well? It's in relationship to stay to your own. Stay to what what's rightfully yours. Because remember sin is righteousness perverted. So let thy fountain be blessed and rejoice with the wife of thy youth. Whatever is your lot, you know, whatever my lot, he has taught me to say it is well with my soul. If your lot is to be a chasteed unto the Lord, to be a single person, to be a bachelor, to be a married person, to be a grandma, to be someone who has couple has gone by. It's is keep with your fountain. It's let it be blessed and rejoice with what what you have. Let her be the word whatever God's comfort in your life. Be as a loving high in a pleasant role. Let her breast satisfy thee at all times. Be thou ravish always with her love. Love what the Lord has done for you and is doing for you. Because look what he says here in the message in uh power of transformation 65 random speaking says now he deformed these seeds talking about perversion. Now he could not destroy them. He just deformed them. Now we realize that sin is righteousness perverted. It's just that a lie is a truth misrepresented. See anything in adultery is the right act that God ordained just took in the wrong way. See anything and death is a perversion of life. Just that death just takes see deforms life. Death cannot produce life though. And continuing on verse 5, chapter 5 verse 20 of Proverbs. And why will thou my son be ravished with the strange woman and embrace the bosom of a stranger? Why would you get outside of God's protection of of his word and go do something else that's not for you? You you have plenty of garden to live life in and to take comfort, to take nutrients, to take distress, to take to be rested, to to decompress, I meant to say, from stress. For the ways of men are before the eyes of the Lord, and he ponderth all his goingings, all his goingings everywhere he goes. His own iniquity shall take the wicked himself, and his own iniquities, remember, by his own lust. And he shall beholden with the courts of his sins, his sins, his disbelief. He shall die without instruction. If you don't have instruction, and in the greatness of his folly foolishness, he shall go astray, drawn away. Verse chapter 6. And it says, "For the commandment is a lamp and allow the way of life. I I'll breeze through here to keep thee from the evil woman, from the strange woman, right? That that she wants to lust after her." It says, "Lust not after her beauty in thine heart, neither let her take thee with her eyelids. For by means of a horish woman, a man is brought to a piece of bread." And the adulteress will hunt for the precious life. Can a man take fire from the bosom and his clothes not be burned or smoked or stenched? Can one go up upon hot coals and his feet not be burned despite what you see on TV? So he had goth. So, so he that goeth to his neighbor's wife, whosoever toucheth her shall not be innocent. John 8:34 Jesus answered then, "Verily, verily I say unto you, whosoever committh sin is a servant of sin." In Hebrews 3, he says, "But exhort one another daily while it is called today, lest any of you be hardened through the deceitfulness of sin." Sin is a deceit. You saw the the regression of it. Be not deceived. Again, Galatians uh 6:7, God is not mocked, for whatsoever a man seweth, that shall he also reap. I'll go fast because I got some stronger scriptures at the end. John 16. And when he has come, he will reprove the world of sin and of righteousness and of judgment of sin because they believe not on me. See, sin is unbelief. this Bible message. I know this message came to us and it told us these things, but it's in the scripture. Here's another scripture for it. John 8, I said, "Therefore unto you that ye shall die in your sins. For if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins." Remember, he who does not believe is condemned already. Brother Brandon brought that a lot in the ministry explained 50. Brother Brandham says, "What is sin?" Question. What is sin? Two question same question. Not drinking, not smoking, not gambling, not rejecting church. Sin is unbelief. It is the right. I mean, excuse me. Is that right? He that believeth not is condemned already. See, you're you're not you don't you're not destroyed or separated from God because you're a sinner. You're separated from it says you're separated to God or from God because you refuse to walk with him to walk in his provided way. &gt;&gt; In Galatians 6:8 it says, "For he that sweth to this flesh shall reap shall of the flesh reap corruption and but he that sweth to the spirit shall of the spirit reap life everlasting." And in Acts here we see and he commanded us to preach unto the people and to testify that it is he which hath ordained of God to be the judge of the quick the living and the dead. To him give all the prophets witness that through his name whosoever believeth in him shall receive remission of sins. While Peter yet spoke these words that I just read, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word. So the prudence temptation progression. In the same book in chapter one, I'm speeding up here in James, you saw 14 and 15 and we saw how um that was sin's regression when a temptation happened. But if you it actually starts with James 2 and 4 which actually speaks about the same temptation on a children or a believer and actually you'll see the difference response. So it produced maturity, endurance, faith, joy, patience. Let's read on. So remember it says here in James 1:24, "My brethren, count it all joy when so talking about the brethren now. when ye fall into diverse temptations, diverse many of them, knowing this, that the triangle of your faith workketh patience, but let patience have her perfect work, maturity, that ye may be perfect and tired, wanting nothing. Different result, right? So, we do know that, and we're going to the wrapping of of uh the conclusion here. So, well, here's another's man response to the same temptation. Joseph, a perfect type. Remember, not that he was perfect, but he was a perfect type of Jesus, brother said. Genesis 39:10-12. And it came to pass as she spake to Joseph day by day, same concept as Proverbs 7, that he hearkened not unto her to lie by her or to be with her. And it came to pass about this time that Joseph went into the house to do his business. So the purpose of the motive was right. And there was none of them, none of the men of the house there within. And she caught him just like on the other one, right? By his garment, saying, "Lie with me." And he left his garment in her hand and fled and got him out. Amen. So, and in here, uh, time um, fails us, but here's a good contrast between the I versus the me in Romans 7, like between verses, uh, 14 to 25, where it kind of goes back and forth. I don't want to do this, but I do. And here's a list of the me talking about the outer man and the I speaking about the inner man. So, that's a good contrast of of how it happened. And to wrap it up here for the message of this age, it's been a controversy for many time. It's uh 1 John 1 and two in contrast with 1 John 3 and five because we've read where we said he who's born of God does not commit a sin. But we also read where it says that if we say that we have not sinned, we lie and make God a liar. &gt;&gt; So here's the balance. So you want to just go to those scriptures one John 1 and two, 1 John 3 and five. Here's what we have. First John 1. But if we walk in the light as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another and the blood of Jesus Christ his son cleanses us from all sin. But if we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves and the truth is not in us. If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sin and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. Look at the context here. If we say we have not sinned, past tense, it's not so much saying, you know, sinner or unbeliever. It's basically saying if you it's saying it this is the way you ask for forgiveness. It's first John. He's developing the the the letter here. So just do look at the context here. A lot of people have taken this and just ran with it and kind of put them side by side. I went through a lot of scriptures and parallels Spanish English and I realized that this speaks completely in the past tense. So it says if we say that we have not sinned because it's telling you how to ask for forgiveness when you mess up. Okay? And I know that you've been raptured in the soul, but you still have a spirit to contend with and a flesh that is neutral, but you can flow through good things or bad things out of it depending what who's in the tower. &gt;&gt; Amen. And maketh him a liar and his word is not in us. First John 2:12 starts now with the recommendation. My little children, these things I write unto you that ye sin not. And if any man sin, we have an advocate with the father. Look at the context. Jesus Christ the righteous. And he is the propitiation for our sins and not for ours only but also for the sins of the whole world. And first John says I write unto you little children because your sins are forgiven you for his name's sake. See the hope here. So it's not about judging or judgment. It's about 1 John 3:46. This is what happens in the soul. Now whosoever committeth sin transgresseth also the law. For sin is the transgression of the law. And ye know that he was manifested to take away our sins and in his in him is no sin. Right? So whosoever abideth in him sinnth not. Whosoever sinnth hath not seen him neither known him. And it says little children, let no man deceive you that he So may he that doth righteousness is righteousness even as as he is righteous. He that committh sin of is of the devil. For the devil sinnth from the beginning, for his purpose, for this purpose, the son of God was manifested that he might destroy. Brother Bannon taught a lot about this, the works of the devil. So that's the purpose here. Whosoever is born, the inner man now of God does not command sin in the soul. We believe, right, by the number of birth, for his seed remainth in him, and he cannot sin because he is born of God. And five it says, "We know that whosoever is born of God sinnth not." Wrapping up here, "But he that is begotten of God keepeth himself, and that wicked one toucheth him not." Touch not the oil and the wine. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hebrews. For we have not a high priest which cannot be touched by the filling of our infirmities, but was in all points tempted like as we are yet without sin. That's our example in our but the scripture hath concluded all understand that the promise by faith of Jesus Christ might be given to them that believe but before faith came we were kept under the law shut up unto the faith which should afterwards be revealed to faith that's revealed and in Romans 6 for sin shall not have dominion over you for ye are not under the law but under grace. Amen. For as much then as Christ hath suffered for us in the flesh, arm yourself with the same mind. For he that hath suffered, look at this. In the flesh hath ceased from sin. A lot of times wonder why we're corrected. That he no longer should live the rest of his time in the flesh. If you suffer in the flesh, it's a deterrent from sin to the lusts of men. but to do the will of God. Amen. And brother man goes a lot to say you never did it to begin with. Justify stands through as never sin at the first place. You are standing completely. You never sin at the first time at the first place. God don't even know nothing. It's in the sea of forgetfulness. You never did it. You never It's just you never it it says you were accused of it by the accuser. But readily from the beginning you were predestined to be a son and or and a daughter of God. You're standing there washed and your old book of divorcement is put away and it's dead. Absolutely out of existence. Even in the mind of God, you're the virtuous bride of Christ, washed in the blood of Christ, precious, virtuous, sinless son of God, standing with a pure, unadultered bride word that he washed by the water of his own blood that become flesh and manifested that he might take you with which were predestined in the bosom of the father before the beginning, the same as he was. He was that great attribute of God called love. From sense regression to faith progression. God bless you brothers. Amen. Praise the Lord.
