################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - 25-0406am - A Prisoner To Christ's Preeminence - Luis Urrego - Luis Urrego - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   25-0406am - A Prisoner To Christ's Preeminence - Luis Urrego
Speaker: Luis Urrego
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hiWY3PrkUrk
========================================

House of God. See if we can get this squared away here. Certainly good to have brother Daniel with with us. I knew he was coming. I just didn't know when. It's always good to see you, brother Daniel. See your smiling face. Praise the Lord. All right. Let's see if we can get this going. Okay. All right. I guess that's not going to work. Let's try this way. All right. Can you see that? Okay. Let's just bow our heads this morning. Heavenly Father, we thank you, Lord, once again for the opportunity that you've given us to be in the house of God, to worship you in spirit and in truth, Lord. Father, to look at some of these things, Father, that you've placed in your word. And we ask, Lord, that you would just uh anoint our lips, forgive us for our sins, Lord Jesus. And Lord, may you just have your way here this morning. Help us, Lord, to receive something from you. We ask these things now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. I just want to talk this morning a little bit about Christ's preeminence. Um I want to title it a prisoner to Christ's preeminence. Amen. And um I've just been thinking a a lot about the preeminence of God and um about how we should be how we should we as Christians is our uh duty to be to to give Christ amen our full preeminence in all of our lives. And so we're we'll we'll touch upon in just a moment about what what that means and um and we can just go from there. So um in Colossians 1 15-20 it says this who is who is the image of the invisible God the firstborn of every cre of every creature and this of course is talking about Jesus Christ. For by him were all things created that are in heaven and that are in earth visible and invisible whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. All things were created by him and for him. Amen. And he is before all things. In other words, he it it's it's hard to fathom that because we're always thinking in the mindset of something's born and then something dies. Something's born, something dies. Something born. And and to think that something has always been there, eternal, never had a beginning, never had an end, that's that that almost rattles the mind. You can't fathom that. You can't think that far. But that is that is our limitations that God placed us so we can give him the preeminence in our lives. Amen. Because he we can't think that far, but he can. Amen. Praise God. And he is before all things. And by all things uh and by him all things consist. And he is the head of the body of the church who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence. And this is what it says in the in the New Living uh translation. I like the way it says it there. It says Christ is also the head of the church which is his body. He is the beginning supreme overall who rise from the dead. So he is first in everything. Right? And I want I just want you to to think about that and I want you to ask yourself is he first in everything in your life? Is he first in because he's first in everything, right? But is he first in everything in your life? Because if he's the head of the body and if the body is connected to the head, wherever the head moves, that's where the body should go to, right? My head doesn't move this way. And my body stays right over here. My body tends to want to move where my head goes. Right? So that's exactly where what where wherever he goes, I will follow. Amen. Praise the Lord. For it pleased the Father that in him should all fullness dwell. And having made peace through the blood of his cross by him to reconcile all things unto himself. By him I say, whether they be things in earth or things in heaven. So that's the that's the end of the scripture there. Now, this is what the word preeminence means. And I apologize for the slides not being in nice order. You know, brother Bob does it in such a better way, but uh um preeminence refers to the state of being superior to or having precedence over others, holding the highest rank or importance or priority in a particular context. It describes something or someone that stands above all others in authority, significance or influence. Amen. So these are some of the aspects of what preeminence includes. Superiority, having qualities, abilities or characteristics that exceed those of others in the same category. Think think for example uh uh your boss at at work. He has the preeminence over certain aspects of of of your of your uh position there, right? You go to him for certain aspects now and then he might have a boss un over him and that boss has the preeminence over him and over you as well. Right. So um that's what that's what preeminence means. Amen. Um being given first place or highest consideration and decisions, attention or resources. Amen. I believe Jesus Christ, he deserves first place. Amen. He he and we'll look at it here in just a moment, but he he gave it all. He gave the father the preeminence in his life, right? He said, "I can do nothing unless the father shows me first. I I'm not going to do anything. I'm not going to step into my own opinions. I'm not going to do I might have I might think of something in a certain way, but amen, I I'm I'm bound by the word, right? And if it's not in the word, Amen. I'm not going to move. I'm not going to proceed. And so, and so if the head could have done that, him being the head, how much more the body Amen. should do the exact same thing because the body is connected to the head, right? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. He's the what we what did we just read? He is the creator of heavens and earth. Everything. Amen. Oh. Oh, that's just God. Amen. But he is God, right? And God condescended down. Amen. into your form. He gave up all the the the the the glory of heaven. He gave up at the splendor of heaven, everything that that he didn't have to do it, but he did. Amen. And he gave up himself. He could have had a wife. He could have had a a children. He could have he could have enjoyed a good job or, you know, like you and I could, but he gave all the preeminence to the word or to the father. Praise the Lord. Authority. Uh this is another thing with the word uh another uh definition of the word uh preeminence. Authority possessing recognized power or influence that others defer to distinction being clearly set apart from others due to excellence or importance. Amen. And I believe I believe that Jesus Christ gives that distinction amen to to his his fellow believers. Amen. That's the reason why um we we as Christians, Amen, we we we act differently, we dress differently, we we we we talk differently, amen, we we we live differently, right? Because there has to be a distinction. There has to be a preeminence, amen, to to uh to to God. Amen. In everything that in everything that we do, he's the primacy holding first place or the leading position in a hierarchy or order. Amen. So we know that these are the qualities of Jesus Christ. Amen. Everything that we just read, he fulfilled in the word of God. Amen. He fulfilled in his life when he came here as uh as an and experienced human flesh. Amen. human beings just like you and I. Amen. And that's the reason why he can say that he can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. Now, we always think of the word infirmity as some as a sickness, but it's not necessarily just a sickness. Amen. He can be touched by the feeling of your frailty of of how weak you are of how of of the things that you go to go through the thoughts that run across your mind. Amen. when when at different moments of the day. Amen. When you're supposed to be going down to pray and and and then you start thinking about the laundry, just didn't think about it any other time, but just when you pray, right? Then think about, you know, that that part that you got to buy a AutoZone for the car and and at any moment. Amen. But at that right at that moment, you see, Jesus probably had to battle had mind battles as well, right? We know that he did because he didn't want to go and die. Amen. As a human, he didn't want to. Amen. But he said, "Father, not my will, but but thy will be done." Why? Because you take the preeminence, Lord. I want you to have the preeminence. Amen. So, he gave up all the splendor of glory to in order to have that human experience with you and me. Amen. That's why he can be the head. That's why he is the head. Because the head my head is connected to my body. It's it's a human head, not a horse head. It's not a It's not It's not a an animal's head. Amen. To on a human body. Amen. It's the same quality, the same thing. Right. It's a human brain. I hope so. I think my wife would think that. So in Colossians 1 uh we just read 15-20 he obtained all these aspects of preeminence by growing into them. All right. I want you to understand that Jesus Christ though he he was all God and though but yet he was all human. Amen. And the Bible says in Luke that he had to grow in in wisdom and in maturity as well. So he didn't know all things when he came here on earth. That's right. All right. Amen. In Revelations he said it says that that that the the re in Revelation one the revelation of Jesus Christ which God gave to him. That's right. He didn't know it at one point. The human I'm I'm speaking about the human aspect of of Jesus. He didn't know all things. He had to come and grow and learn. And I know that sounds kind of strange, but maybe we can just let the prophet tell you about it because look what Hebrews 7, I know this is kind of small, but I really apologize. Blow it up here a little bit. says, "Who in the days of his flesh, when he had offered up prayers and supplications with strong crying and tears unto him that was able to save him from death, and was heard in that he feared. Though he were a son, yet he learned he obedience, yet learned he obedience by the things what?" Oh, it doesn't say all the blessings that he received. every good day that he had, uh, you know, every good restaurant he was able to to eat at and, uh, money rolling in in the bank. And, uh, no, he said, though he were a son, he was a son, yet he learned obedience by the things which he suffered. Amen. That's right. And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him. Amen. That's you and I. Called of God and high priest after the order of Melchazdc. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. So Jesus, he limited himself to the human experience. Though he were God, though he was God. Amen. As God, Jesus did not need to learn anything, especially obedience. Yet at his incarnation, Jesus limited himself to the human experience. I like this. He chose the weak position of having to learn and grow. Amen. And we read that in Luke 2:52. Amen. Just like you and I. Why? because he's the head, right? And the head experiences what the body experiences. Amen. The body experiences what the head experiences, right? Every every every pain that you that your body goes through, right? Your head or your brain is given signals for that. Right. Right. There's a connection there. And that's why that there cannot be a disconnect between the body of Christ and the head of Christ. Right? Because he is the head. So Jesus did not know all things. Amen. He grew in knowledge and wisdom. I say, "Wow, he did not know all things." No, he did not know all things as as as human as as in his human experience. He did not know all things. That's why he said I can do nothing unless the my father shows me first. That that that's what differentiates him in the aspect of him being human but yet being God at the same time. We knew the we know the fullness of God dwelleth in him. Right? He was he was all God and he and and and Isaiah prophesied that it was going to be God with us. Amen. Because there was no one else that could save us but the blood of God. Amen. That's right. I'm saved by the blood of God. Amen. I'm not saved by just a prophet's blood. Amen. Or or or or or some man's blood. Amen. We we are kept saved. Amen. By that blood. Praise the Lord Jesus. And it's got to be the blood of God. Amen. Or else Amen. We're still living in in our sins. If it's not God's blood, Amen. that came in. Amen. Praise the Lord. If it wasn't his uh uh his sacrifice, Amen. then we are still living in our sins. But I thank God that it's a finished work. Amen. The brother Brandham says in the revelation of Jesus Christ, he says the following. See if we can blow it up here just a little bit. He said, "Now I said, now I said that this book of revelation is the revelation of Jesus and what he is doing in the churches for those seven ages. It is a revelation because the disciples themselves didn't know these recorded truths." All right? It had not been previously revealed to them. You remember that they came to Jesus in the book of Acts and asked him, "Are you at this time going to restore the kingdom to Israel?" See, because the disciples, they were looking for a physical kingdom, right? Where Jesus didn't come to establish a physical kingdom. Jesus doesn't care about a physical kingdom because that's easy for him to obtain. Right. He's he's more concerned about your kingdom. Amen. Because that's harder for that's a little tougher. It's not tough for him. It's just it it's tougher because we don't want to give him the preeminence. He the whole earth is his and they obey him at his command. The animals, mountains, the trees, everything. They're subject to him. We are the hardheads. That's right. Amen. And he's the one that he's the one he's always having to deal with us. But yet that is the reason why his mercy and grace is never I'm so glad his mercy and grace always abounds. Praise the Lord. We are hard-headed. We don't learn. We don't we we want to do it our way and we're always seeking something physical. You know, that's why it's so important. Amen. And in the hour that we're living in, do not get caught up with physical kingdoms. These kingdoms of the earth will pass away. Amen. Heaven and earth will pass away, but my my word, Amen, which is God, will not pass away. And he said, "It is not for you," this is what Jesus said, "It is not for you to know the times or the seasons." Those men were still thinking of Jesus having an earthly kingdom, but it was a spiritual kingdom that he was going to build. This is brother Brandham still speaking. He said even he what it says even he could not tell them about his place in it for the father had not revealed it unto him. Right? So Jesus didn't know until the father revealed it to him to to him first. Now when he died and resurrected, Amen. And he said all heaven and earth, all everything in heaven and earth, amen, is is uh belongs to me. Amen. He knew all things. Praise the Lord. But he had to conquer first. Amen. He had to do his duty. Praise the Lord. He says he's his place in it for the father had not revealed it unto him. But now after his death and resurrection and at this particular time in his mediatorial ministry, he is able to set forth here in this revelation of himself to John what his glory and presence in the church would mean and do. Amen. Let me go a little. Amen. The father was what took preeminence in Jesus' life. Amen. He says, "I can do nothing on my own." In John 5:30, as I hear, I judge, and my judgment is just because I seek not my own will, but the will of him who sent me. Let's just skip a few of these here for the sake of time. Amen. So, if the head had to give the preeminence to the to the intelligence, Amen. So does the body, right? Amen. We know Jesus is the head. But as him him being here on earth, Amen. He had to give preeminence to the intelligence which was the father, right? Which was the brain, right? Because I I have a head, right? But we have a brain that controls the head, right? So it wasn't just about the head. Amen. But it was about the intelligence working through the head and that intelligence. Amen. That int uh that head, Amen, connected to the body. So it's all one unit, right? Praise the Lord Jesus. Colossians 1:18 says, "And he is the head of the body, the church who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence." Amen. He wants the preeminence in all things in your life. Amen. He He has the preeminence in all things, right? We know that he's the God of heaven and earth. Amen. But does he have the preeminence in your life? Have you given him all the preeminence? Maybe there's some doors, amen, that you still haven't opened up to him yet, right? He wants everything. Not because he wants to uh enslave you or because he wants Amen. He just He wants Amen. so that you don't be enslaved by nothing else. And when he has full control that there's nothing else that can enslave you. Amen. Praise God. Amen. This is this is in just a moment we'll look here at at Paul. Amen. So while Jesus was in flesh on earth the intelligence the brain uh the father took the preeminence Jesus the head submitting submitted himself to the intelligence and the body which is us the church the bride submits to the head intelligence. Right? I have this little diagram here. This is the body. Amen. the father, the intelligence, the brain while Jesus was here on earth. Amen. He him being the head but could not come to being the head until he first did his mediatorial work, right? As dying and resurrecting and paying for our sins. Amen. That's when he he he became he said, "I go I came from the father and I go back to the father." Right. Right. It was the father the whole time. Right. That's right. Praise the Lord Jesus. And then the church, the body, the church bride submits to the head or the intelligence, right? Kind of interesting that that that that it's where the neck is, right? From the neck down, that's that's that's that's the bride. That's the church, right? You know, sometimes they they say a a man says, "I'm the head of the house." And then the woman says, "But I'm the neck that moves the head, so you can't do without either [Laughter] one." All right. And and us brothers say, "Nobody said it." That's right. You know better. All right. Let's let's look at this here for just a moment. Paul, a prisoner of Jesus Christ. Now Paul in Ephesians 3:1, "For this reason I, Paul, a prisoner of Christ Jesus on behalf of you Gentiles," he says this in Ephesians 4:1, he says, "I therefore, a prisoner for the Lord, urge you to walk in a manner worthy of the calling to which you have been called." You know, in some places he called himself an apostle. In some places he called the servant of Jesus Christ. He called himself. But in in in other places he called himself I therefore the prisoner. Now a prisoner Amen. He's he has given himself h wholly to the system. Right. He he he has no a prisoner when you think of a prison a prisoner he has he has no rights of his own. Right. Right. He has nothing of his own. He's completely stripped away of all his rights in order to only do what is given him to do what is told to him to do. In Phileiman 1:1, Paul a prisoner for Christ Jesus and Timothy our brother to Phileiman in Phileiman 1:9. Yet for love's sake I prefer to appeal to you. I Paul an old man and now a prisoner also for Christ Jesus. Now we know that Paul he called himself that prisoner of Christ. Um, and this was both real and spiritual for Paul. We know that he he he was he was in prisons all the time. But what was causing him to go to prisons, amen, was for the love of Christ, for the he had given God the preeminence already. And let me tell you, when you give God the preeminence, man, the you're going to you're going to uh uh you're going to have trials. You're going to be persecuted. Not everyone's going to like you. Right. And certainly the devil is going to be behind is going to be after you. And this was the case with Paul. And and and there's a theme in the Bible. Amen. That that that before you people gave themselves gave the preeminence to God, they had to be knocked off their high horse first. Just like Paul did. Paul was full too much of himself. He had to be stripped away. Same thing with Joseph. Same thing with Moses. And brother Brandham talks about this in that message of prisoner. They had to be they had to be stripped away of everything that they were in order to fully give God the preeminence. Amen. Praise the Lord. He was literally Paul was literally in Roman prisons all the time. And and this is kind of something the way the the way Paul describes in some verses of the way he was in he was under house arrest. And the way house arrest would work is is they would have to the prisoner especially if they were citizens of Rome. They were given a little better better treatment. But the way that it would work is that they would have to rent their own place to be to be a prisoner in. They were not given a place by Rome. They were they would they'd had to choose a place or uh uh and I'm sure there was some stipulations there. But at the same time, Paul always had to have a Roman guard tied to him all the time. So his left hand or his right hand was always chained up to a to a Roman soldier for eight hour eight hour ships, four to eight hour ships. And that's why Paul talks about I'm a prisoner of Christ because he took what he was going through and he spiritualized it. He he he made he he was going through something bad but yet he used it. Amen. For the glory of God. Because even though he was he was he was in prison or even though he was in tied up to a Roman soldier constantly watching him all the time, he could still write letters. He could still have visitors. He could still so he he was able to still testify. That's why he wrote all these letters of these books that we that we write that we read. He wrote Phileiman and all these different books. And so the Roman soldier, everything that Paul did, everything that Paul spoke, everything that the Roman soldier was there listening the whole time. Every soldier and and then in one scripture he says uh I greet you uh the um I'm just kind of paraphrasing. He says the the house of Cornelius or the house of of of Caesar sends greetings to you as well. In other words, they were talking amongst themselves about what Paul believed about his writings and about everything. So, you might be in a bad condition. You might be you might feel like like you're you're you're in a a spiritual uh uh you know, a tri a trial. Amen. But but look at the bright side. Look look what is it that God is doing. Amen. It might be your Roman your Roman soldier tied to you right there. Amen. But that Amen. He he we don't know what God is doing. God probably tied certain Roman soldiers to to Paul so that they could get converted, right? And so that Roman soldier where wherever Paul didn't have any privacy at all and he knew that therefore he took advantage of the situation. Well, if I'm not going to have any privacy, I'm not going to do wherever I go, he goes. Wherever Whatever I read, he reads. whatever I write, he's he's looking at. Well, then I'm just going to just just be the best witness that I can. Amen. And that's what Paul did. Amen. I wonder if we can think about that. If we can give God the preeminence in that way, Lord, I may not have the control of everything in my life, but whatever I can do, I'm just going to make the best of it. Make the best of the situation of that that I'm in. And Lord, you take the preeminence in my life. Amen. Can can you imagine just being tied and look that Roman soldier just there looking at at what Paul and I'm sure like how can this man write the things that he's writing? How can this man talk the way he's talking and yet be under under under p under chains? He said he said that's why he said in some places uh don't be ashamed of my chains because he was proud of his chains. Amen. Sometimes we get caught up in chains of circumstances in this life and we want people to feel bad for our chains but you were the one who got yourself into that. Amen. And then you want somebody to get you out. Amen. You you have a father that can help you out. Amen. But he wants to Amen. let you know. Amen. That you got something to do in order to get yourself out. Amen. Go repent. Amen. That's right. Praise God. Go do those. Go do what you need to do first. Then I can help you out of these chains. Praise the Lord. But Paul, Amen. He was in these chains because for doing good. For doing good. He also felt completely given over to Jesus. Amen. So I'm just going to fast forward still. here for the sake of time. Ask yourself, amen. Have I truly given my life to Jesus? Am I a prisoner of Christ? Amen. This is a personal question for everyone. Amen. Because this is the hour, the hour that we're living in. Amen. We need to make sure that we've given him all the preeminence in our lives. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. Just have the musicians come. Amen. We appreciate the the attention. [Applause]
