################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-04 - 25-0604 - Be Thou an Example of the Believers- Aaron Roberts - Aaron Roberts.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-04
Title:   25-0604 - Be Thou an Example of the Believers- Aaron Roberts
Speaker: Aaron Roberts
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npHQsfQh9Ng
========================================

Amen. And just appreciate the Lord. And if you have your Bibles tonight, we're going to turn to First Timothy chapter 4. And begin verse 12. Very familiar scripture. And uh just uh let's just all bow our heads and before we read the scripture tonight. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this day, Lord. We thank you all your blessings. We just pray that you just come amongst us tonight, Lord. speak to to our hearts, Lord. Just give us what we have need of today, Lord. Give us today our daily bread. Lord, just bless each one that's here, the ones that couldn't be here tonight, Lord Jesus. Whatever the needs are, Lord, we know that you are the answer to whatever we have need of, Lord. Lord, we just commit ourselves to you. And Lord, just have your will and wait with us in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. 1 Timothy chapter 4 beginning at verse 12 says, "Let no man despise thy youth, but be thou an example of the believers in word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity." He says, "Till I come, give attendance to reading, to exhortation, to doctrine, and neglect not the spirit that is in thee, which was given thee by prophecy, which with the land own of the hands of the preser. Meditate upon these things, give thyself holy to them, that thy profiting may appear to all. Take heed unto thyself and unto thy doctrine. Continue them. For in doing this, thou shalt both save thyself and them that hear thee. Amen. God bless you tonight. You may be seated. And uh I want to speak on be thou an example of the believers. And you know you look here in the scripture and Paul's writing to Timothy this young Christian as young minister and you know no doubt Timothy might have faced some problems and you know uh pressure um you know probably looked over him and uh didn't regard him as as somebody that he was in the position that God had called him to. And you know he and here's here's Paul telling him but be an example of the believers. And you know one of the first things that you know when he was speaking you know don't don't look at the things that are around you whatever that's happened to you but he said be an example of a believer. And one of the things that always struck me about reading this scripture is Paul never tells Timothy to look at him. He says be be an example of the believers, don't be an example of me. Don't try to copy me. Don't try to try to do what I do. Don't you know this this is not cloning. This is this is you know Paul was who he was. Timothy was who he is. And you be who you are but you be who you are in Christ. And he said, "But be an example of Christ, but be an example of the believers." Because of the different believers that you've seen, the the ones that have carried the faith, the ones that are upholding the faith, said, "You be an example of them." And you know, Brother Ram, you know, we are to be an example to everybody. We are we are to be an example, you know, we're to be examples to the world, to the to the youth, you know, we're supposed to be an example to each other, to everybody around us. We're supposed to be an example. All right. And you know, and and it it it it behooves us to be in in the hour which the day and hour we live where we're at right now. You know, it's not time to play games or anything like that. But, you know, we we need to be totally sold out on who God is. Excuse me. And what we're doing and what we believe. Amen. Today, today is the day of salvation. And we don't have we don't have another day because you know not none of us this this afternoon are promised tomorrow. None of us are promised in the morning. We're not even promised tonight because right now is the day of checking up. We don't have we don't have another second, another minute because we don't know when God's going to call for us. But you know what? We've always got to be ready at all time and everything. And we need to be an example of of what we believe. We need to manifest what we believe and we ought to live what we believe. Brother Brandham said, you know, he said because he said, I'd rather you live me a sermon than preach me one because you know what? If you're going to if you're going to have it, he said because that's a better evidence of being a Christian is if you live if you live what you believe, don't don't preach it, just live it because that's what because he said, you know, each one of us can be a preacher by we call because we're going to preach the gospel through our lives. We're going to manifest who we are and we've got to live a sermon. He said, that's what we do. He said, "Our actions show what we are." And so if we if we actually be believe to be Christians, if we're going to be a Christian, and if this is what we believe, then you know what? It's time to manifest what we are. Because you know what? It's it's time to lay aside every sin and every weight and everything that will will discourage you and take you off course and lay aside every weight that'll so easily beset us and run the race set before us. That we should just continue to run. And no matter how hard the trials get or know how things come or or go our way, you know what? We are to run and run with with confidence and run with faith and run with vigor and run with zeal because you know we shouldn't be stopped by anything. We shouldn't should because if we see the day and hour which we live then thank God because I do believe that the coming of the Lord is closer today than it ever has been. Then if it's closer today than it was yesterday, then it's something that we ought to have more confidence in what we're doing today than we did yesterday. that we ought to be sold out more today to the word of God than we were yesterday. And you know, we we should lay aside all these things and not worry about these things because if we're not totally sold out to the word of God, then we need to get in the altar and pray because we need to get ready because today is the day that you've got to get ready. If you're not ready to go because you know there's there's many people that you know they because Satan is working today. He is on the rampage. And one thing he wants to do is he wants to rock you to sleep. He just wants everybody to just think everything's okay and you can just have have your your you're just easy living. You know, any any dead fish can float downstream, but it takes a really life one that's going to fight to fight upstream to get to the place that we got to go to. And if you're going to fight, you got to go and know where you're going. Because if you know where you're going, then you know what? You've got to know how to get there. And let me tell you, he said Jesus said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life." And he said, "No one can come to me but by but the father. Nobody can come but this way but by me. Your only way that you're going to get there is by me. And he he sent us the way, showed us the way, and told us how we're going to come. And we've got to know who we are and where we're going and how to get there. And and today is the day. And brother Brown was talking in the message why. And he was talking about Paul and Timothy said talking about stirring up the gift that he had in his life. and said he said he was he was speaking of of the of the gift that Timothy had in his life and he was talking about it come through his grandmother Lois and and he he was speaking of paying Levi paying tithe to Melzdc through Abraham and so he was talking how how this is a generational thing and he says brother Brand was talking about see it was accounted to Levi to paying Melzdc tithe because of his great-grandfather it was accounted to him for paying ti and brother Bram says your life will impress your children he said you have in influenced your children by the example you set before them and I think it's a good thing that we put every effort we can before our children as godly parents he said make an example be an example so if you look here he was talking about our lives and the things that we ought to be doing well first off it takes to have parents that are living the right kind of life. They're living the kind of life in front of their children. And brother Brown continues because you know the the first example that you're going to have as a as a child, the first example we have is our parents. The biggest example that we have is our parents. You know, brother Ramb talked about the fifth gospel being mom. You know that's you're going to you're going to have a moream more influence upon your children than anybody else. And you know, we you know, because today that we the hour which we live, we see it and it started way back. But you know, you see all these people, they're expecting somebody else to raise their children. There's some they're waiting for somebody else to solve all their problems. But you know what? It takes it takes it takes place in the home. It the life that's lived in the home is what is the example that that they need. And you know, because you see a lot of things that have went on and brother Brandon was talking about, you know, the the condition that the world is in today. He was talking about, you know, the condition that the world has gotten into today. And we see the condition. This was back in the in the 50s and 60s, but he was talking about how terrible it was. And, you know, he was talking about how, you know, the the women and the the immoral condition that the women were in. And he he was talking about he the condition that the world had gotten into because he said this is America's God. It's a woman and you know she can send more men to hell than all the bootleg joints in the in the country. But you know, but that's he said but the devil knows what he's doing. He said he's he's he knows that in the beginning he said that's the reason he chose the woman. He said now the woman is redeemed and she can be a sister and godly. But brother what we need today is some real good oldfashioned God sent Holy Ghostborn mothers to raise children. Right? He said, "Talk about juvenile delinquency. It's parent delinquency is where it lays out." He said, "That's exactly right." And so, you know, it it start it starts in the home. It starts with mom, but then continuing on, Brother Benham said that he said the problem has been is because the people that are standing behind the pullpit, he said the preachers have let down on the word. And he said that he said we he said he said let me he said, "Brother, let me tell you something." Hey, I said I say if the preacher behind the pulpit would have stayed with the old-fashioned gospel and God kept the thing straight, we wouldn't have so much of this juvenile delinquency and everything else that we have got today and the trouble we got. God still looks down upon that. And he said and see he said how can you preach divine healing and the power of God when you associate with such as that? You can't do it. He said oil and water won't mix. He and he said because he was talking about he said, "Well, brother Bam, you're trying to be a legalist." He said, "I'm not trying to be a legalist." He said, "I'm preaching the gospel." He said, "I'm not taking sides." He said, "I'm preaching what the gospels is because this is what the truth is." And so, you know, he was talking about what we need is is good old-fashioned homes. And he said, "That's where the problem is." Is because brother Rand was speaking to the young people uh one time, you know, he's talking about, you know, the mother, he said, "You people, you know, you're going to raise up. You're going to be the fathers and mothers of the next generation that's coming on." And you know what you do today is going to have an influence on the next generation. What takes place, the kind of live life that you live, how your children are going to be and the things that you let slide. But you know, we need to have a fervor, a zeal in front of our children that we need to be totally sold out to not allow Satan to have one foothold, one toe hold on anything in our lives. We need to make sure that he is totally cleared out. I don't I don't want the devil to have any kind of hold on me. I don't want him to have any kind of hold on my family. I don't want to have anything. But, you know, but you've got to set the example and you've got to hold hold the word up. You got to have the standard there. And whether anybody likes it or not, that's that's immaterial. That's not that doesn't matter. Because you know what? I'm going to hold the standard. I'm I say this is wrong and that's right. And that's what it's that's way going to be, you know, because because being a parent is not a popularity contest. You're not going to be popular with your with your decisions. But you know what? But the only thing is is you've got to answer to God for the but for the for the choices that you made and the rules that you make and the standards you set. God's going to require you an answer of you. And the thing is is the person that he requires an answer from is the head of the house. Because you know the thing is is everybody talks about women and I'm just going to preach today and and I I'm just going to preach and if it falls the chips fall where they may, I'm just going to get this off my heart today. But let me tell you something, you know, ever, you know, because you see women today and they're and they're like, "Well, you know, my wife my husband's the head of the house and I'm I'm the wife and you know, and and he's going to answer for me." Yeah, Brother Brandon did say, "But you the thing is is you know, I I just going to say this, but let me tell you something. If a if a if a god-ent man stands up, if a husband stands up and sets the standard and tells you what the standard is, if you go out and do whatever you want to, then you the wife answers for that because you know what? when the standard has been set because let me tell you something when Christ set the standard for in the church then you know what you have to be under headship and if you're out from under headship then you answer for it because the sin stays upon your head the only place that that Eve could have been fortified was behind the word when she stood behind the word see if she had been behind her headship which was Adam which was God who give her Adam if she' have stayed there instead of listening to some ro Tommy rot she would have been fortified behind the word and see the problem is everybody wants to live because what did brother Brandham say he said in the last days he said there'd be seven women latch on to one man and say let us eat our own food wear on our apparel do our own thing but let us be called by your name what is it people want to be called Christian but they don't want to live the life they don't want to hold the standard they don't want to believe what the word says, but it takes living the life. It takes towing the line. See, you got to know what the word is, and you've got to hold the line. Amen. You can't just do whatever you want to. He said, "God, give us oldfashioned, born again, sainted, godly homes, juvenile delinquency, we be no more." It isn't juvenile delinquency, it's parent delinquency. Yes, sir. He said they had the old woodshed and the big hickory lamb laying over the door. He said that's discipline in our home. See, the problem is is nobody knows what discipline is anymore. You know, because the problem is is, you know, everybody wants to read Dr. Spock and and Dr. Dobson and Dr. Seuss and who everybody else and you know and they always want to find some kind of try try to find some kind of psychology you know because they think you know we're going to have well you know because you know what you're going to mess up their psyche if you paddle their rear ends. Well you know y'all don't have to say amen. I'm going to preach anyway. But you know the thing is but you know but you know the problem is you know what God ra God started this thing. He wrote it in the word and you know what he started and you know what he raised many people but by by doing the right thing and the Bible tells us you know if you get a if you get something after them and you paddle their rearing said they won't die. That's right because you know what it's correction. It ain't it because you know if you go at it with malice or vengeance you know because you're not doing it correctly because you know what God doesn't correct us that way and you know and you know sometimes you know it makes your blood boil. Okay I'm going to preach today I'm going to preach I'm I'm going to tell you it makes my blood boil. Yes. The Bible says, "Lay hands suddenly on on no man." Well, you know, I just feel like going, but you know what it it does. I mean, but you know what? Because no matter what you do, you you it'll drive you up to you will try to tell them and talk to them. And you know what? Sometimes that's what it takes. You got to get a hold of them because they will they're gonna go straight. They're gonna do their whatever they want to and the only way that you gonna stop them, the only way you gonna turn them around is sometimes you got to get, as brother Brandham said, you got to give them some of that posterior protoplasmic stimulation. That's right. Sometimes you got to get a hold of because you know what? Their brains are not up here anymore. They got to have a reset button. And sometimes that's what it takes. But you know what? People don't don't have that anymore. And the problem is is like, you know, I suffered through that as a as the saying is, you know, I suffered through that growing up, you know, where my parents battled me and you know what I ended up with? I ended up with a whole lot of respect for my elders. I started I had a lot of respect for those that were in charge over me. And the problem is is nobody has any respect for anybody because they didn't have to go through that. Because you got you got kids that are less than 10 years old and they run the house. They get to they get to make all the decisions. And we and and people wonder what happened. Well, you know, this was way back in the 50s and 60s. Everybody started writing books. You know, we have to, you know, we got to pet them and we got to do this. And now, now we got people that are stand up that's got more letters behind their name than, you know, half the alphabet back there. you know, all these PhDs and all kinds of different, you know, they they've spent their entire life in some kind of institution and some kind of educational system. You know, they went to these great universities and had all this training and then they stand up and want to tell you that you need to ask your baby if it's okay to change their diaper. Just like brother Brandham out there talking about, you know, with Junior Dear, we're in we're in a high class society. We're we're one of the modern families. Son, we're going to give you this little bell. We're going to set it next to your crib and when you need anything, Brother Bam tells a story about, "Look, Junior, if you need anything, you just ring the bell and your mama will come in there and take care of your needs." He said, "But that's not the way God provided. That's not the that wasn't God's provided way. That was the way nature because if the baby needs something, it's going to cry out for it. And that's the only way it knows how to get it somebody's attention that it needs something is to cry out. And he said that's exactly the way it same would be. You're not you can't have some dry eye confession. You can't have some shaken hands and try to come to some mental condition, some middle idea, the middle conception of this how it's going to be. It's going to take a new birth and it's going to take a dying out to you and a rebirth by Jesus Christ. It's not because you know it doesn't change. Everybody wants to change how the new birth is preached and what the what the new birth is. Well, you know what? It's the same thing that took place from the beginning again from from Acts two all the way to today. It's the exact same thing. It's the exact same formula. And the only way that you come is the same way they came. It's a birth of the word. See, we need we need that. He said, brother Ram says, "Oh, we shouldn't hear that kind of stuff." He said, "You should hear it." That's right. Amen. He said, "You don't let God in that private life. You won't let him in those little sails, little cell of yours on the inside." See, we just want to come to a certain place, but you know, we just we just want to we we we have our little defenses set up. We're just going to allow we're just going to allow God into certain areas. And we've got we've got our preconceived ideas how far we're going to allow God to move because, you know, we don't we don't mind the Lord working on these areas, but not not over here now. We don't we don't want you messing with this, you know, and everybody's got their own little ideas about, you know, how how everything's going to be. Well, I I don't mess with that now. Well, you know what? If you're going if he's going to be the Lord of your life, then, you know, he's going to have he's going to be in every aspect of your life. the ones that make you the most uncomfortable, the ones that you have the most hidden from everybody. Because the one thing is is you can you can hide so much of your life from from your your parents. You can hide it from your wife. You can hide it from the pastor. You can hide it from so many people. How much of your life is covered by so many things? You can hide so much. But the one thing you can't hide is is who you are before God. You're not going to hide anything from God. God's going to know it all. And you know, because then all of a sudden, God begins to deal with you in the areas where you need help. And lots of times that's where you've got all these defenses set up. Well, I don't want anybody dealing with this. I don't want to deal with Well, you know, that's the problem that you have because you can't grow any further than that. That's where that's where because if you're hiding something, if you've got something fortified because of what took place in your life, what whatever your um you know, brother was talking about the the young man and you know, he had this you know uh you know um inherited traits and you know the different things and you know and you know he couldn't get beyond all of that because that's the way that's what he inherited through through his family and you know they all had this they all had this same attitude the same way and you know he was talking about um somebody in the family his mom or somebody you know said you know you just go down the street and they won't even talk to you and you know they just got this add you know and it's just like you know he's stubborn he's got this spirit on him well he just inherited that well the problem was is that's you know it wasn't as brother Ram said you know that's just life's grabag you get all these different things and you don't get to pick on me but guess what you have to deal with them and God begins to deal with you in these And you have to figure out, you know, are you going to actually allow God to work in your life and deliver you from these things or are you just going to carry them on? Because a lot of times things that happen in our lives. Well, we can't we can't control those things because they come. But guess what we can do? We can't overcome them. We don't have to give s allow Satan to have a towhold in our lives because all of a sudden because these things are these seeds that are sown in our lives that we don't have a control over because of what things happen. But let me tell you what, if you can allow them things, you can root all those things up and get them out of your life. You can because he's here to to relieve you from all those things. You know, there's people that that have, you know, because they they've had they've dealt with abuse and a lot of different things in their life growing up because of the hardships that they had to go through. You know, just like brother Bram talking about having having anger issues and and all that and out there trying to tell him, "Well, just breathe and and tie the little knots in the rope. He was so mad he couldn't even his fingers wouldn't work. You know, he's up there trying to tie knots. You know, was it like two or three of them things? That thing is gone. He's why? Because you know, you're not going to have some kind of psychology thing. You know, mind over matter. Well, if you don't mind, it don't matter. Well, guess what? It does because there's somewhere down on the inside of you because that old man, that old nature is still there. And you know what? And the devil knows where that punch is coming. And he gets right inside where you where you actually live. And you think, well, I'm okay with this. I'm okay with But you know what? The devil will be sitting there going on your one nerve going and everybody's like, "Well, I'm okay." No, the devil knows how to and lots of times it's your family. He knows he knows he knows how to work. He been deal dealing with humans for a long time. That's right. It's it's exact. He knows exactly how to what what what makes you tick and everything about you. And he knows how to get in there and you know and your children that I mean and your spouse, your wife, your husband, I mean they're they're a master at at getting on your bad side and you are a master at getting on your on your wife or husband's nerves. Well, y'all can say amen if you want to. It's the truth. Oh, me. But I know we don't we don't think about that, but it's true. You know, that's like that's like I go to work and you know, thank God one of these days there won't be any jobs. We'll be free of that. Thank the Lord we don't have to get up go to work because you know and it's like the the Lord will send you people because you know the Lord knows what you need and he he knows you need patience and temperance and godliness and he he sends you co-workers that you spend more hours sometimes more hours in a day with them than you do at home. Excuse me. And they uh like I I you know I have to hold on to the scripture sometimes. You know, all things work together for the good. All things work together for good. I don't know what the good is. I don't see the good, but I know that's what the scripture says. You have co-workers and they and they just h You know, they he said he said he wouldn't he wouldn't put more on you than you could bear, but he'd make a way of escape. Well, you know, I think the Lord I was like, I have to go on the roof sometimes and I I I need y'all to stay here. I'm going there. I understand like Moses like y'all stay here. I'm going up on the mountain. I'm going on the mountain. Talk to the Lord. Y'all stay down here. You know, we got to go someplace else. You know, we got to find that that brook cherth like Elijah did. Go down there and stay and let the ravens feed you. You got to find a place to get away sometimes because things things might go south on you. But you know, God sends all these things and you wonder why you have to go through these things, but it's working for your good. All these things happen and and he knows. See, Satan knows what what how to how to reach you, how to get to you, get on your nerves, and you your last nerve will be shot. And then you know something else will happen and and you like I don't know how I'm going to make it. But you know the thing is is the Lord wants you to realize hey you got to trust in me. You know so many times we we face so many trials and and and situations and you know what after a while if you commit it to the Lord then after a while you you come to find out you know what that doesn't bother you as much as it did before. The Lord will bring you through that all of a sudden you you know because you begin to see things and and many times when when we go through situations in our lives when things happen we begin to deal with these things and then all of a sudden you know God begins to show you that person because you know that's one thing brother Ram was talking about in the statue of a perfect man you begin to see how your brother deals with these things you understand where he's coming from and you begin to see these people and you know sometimes it's you have to step back because you see somebody and they're coming at you or or different things happening, but you know, you have to realize, you know, how would how would Jesus handle this, you know, how how can you express Christ to this person, you know, because you know, then you'll begin to see, hey, you know what? I I need I need to see how how God would handle this sit. Well, Lord, what what do I need to do? And sometimes, you know, they they're looking for because they're coming at you mean evil way. But you know what? You don't return evil for evil, but you return good for evil. Because you know what? The world is looking for Jesus Christ. There's a lot of professors out there. There's a lot of people that talk about it. But the problem is is the world is looking for the manifestation of it. They're looking to see Jesus Christ. Can you show Jesus Christ? Do when the world looks at you, do they see Jesus Christ? Because there's a lot of people, you know, uh I was talking to a man the other day and you know, you quote certain just simple things out of the scripture and they look at you like, "What?" It's like, "Well, do you know John 3:16?" That's about that's about about their extent of the Bible. I I asked one of them the other day. We we were talking. I was like, "What's what's I mean, tell me what Genesis 1:1 is. Do you know what Genesis 1:1?" And he was like, "Is that in the beginning was the word?" No, that's the beginning of one of the books. And you're getting there. It's in the beginning. That's right. In the beginning, God and he was like created. Oh, the heaven and earth. Well, how how in the world do you plan on getting closer to God and know anything about God if you don't do you believe do you believe this this is the word of God? Do you believe this is the word of God? Do you believe this is inspired of God? Do you believe this came from God and it came to you? Well, then here's an here's an idea. If you want to know more about God, you can't find it on Tik Tok. You can't find it on YouTube. Now, you can find a lot of other stuff on there and you can't you can't find it watching movies. There's a because you know what? when you sit around, you're watching uh hunting videos and and you're watching all this other stuff and they can tell you more about what what uh NFL players are doing what and when and and knowing, you know, more about what the Atlanta Braves are doing and all kinds of stuff like that, which I mean, if you want to watch, that's that's fine. But the problem is is you can't get close to God knowing what the what the batting average of all the Atlanta Brave players are. If you're if you're spending all your time, all you can talk about is the Georgia Bulldogs. The Georgia Bulldogs. Well, you know what? You can't find God on on the Georgia because he's not on the roster. And I'm just going to tell you right now, I'm sorry. I know it's going to break some of y'all's hearts, but he's not on the roster. But the problem is, if you there's one place that you're going to find God and not just coming to church and sitting on a pew and looking at the walls, it going to get you closer to God. That's right. But there's one thing he sent. He sent He said he sent his word. He sent his word to him. And if you want to know what where God's at, God's in his word. And if you don't ever get in the word, then how you ever going to change? How are you going to know God? Because you can't just look at and have some preacher tell you what the what the Bible says. Well, just come pay your tithe and get baptized and you think that's the end of it. That's no relationship with God when you don't even know what the Bible says. But you know the world well you just come church and you we just we just love the Lord and you don't even know don't even know the first thing about God. And it's like well how do you how are you going to know? Well you know what I well I tried to read the Bible and you know what it's it's just too hard. Well, you know what? Here, you just keep reading. And I'll give you another I'll give you another tip. You begin to read the Bible and then you pray. That's right. And you know what? And and don't and don't just just give me, you know, just some kind of quick now lay me down to sleep kind of prayer. But you need to go in there and meditate on what it says and and think about what it says and pray to God so that God begins to speak to you. Because all of a sudden when somebody starts talking about something then if you don't understand God will send somebody along your path and they'll come across your path and begin to speak on things because you know I was I was speaking to this man and all of a sudden he was like that's in the Bible. Yeah. It's amazing what you find if you read the Bible because you know I mean you can spend your time reading all these novels and and all kinds of stuff and you know you know pe people dug way down in the ground and they they've dug everything up and you know they're trying to tell us about aliens and and all kinds of stuff and you know all the things that the the government's doing and you know people they spend they spend their entire lives times wrapped up in conspiracy theories and what what what the government's trying to hide from us and all this thing and all and all the crazy things that's went on and you know what's what what's going on at Area 51 and and all these type things and it's like listen guess what I'm going to tell you something you know what because and and I may be getting off my subject but I'm just trying to I'm just trying to lay a foundation here but when you see these things you know what all this stuff is going away Yes. All of all of this is going to pass away. The only thing that's coming is because he said he's coming back. And guess what? You're either going to go with him or you're going to have to go face a white throne judgment. There is a day coming when you're not going to live any longer. And all the things that you see, your bank account won't be around anymore. Your 40k won't 401k won't matter to you. It won't mean a thing to you. You can't do anything with it. But there's one thing that's going to you're going to have to take this word and you're going to have to give an account for it because God sent his word and somebody's crossed your path and told you, you know what, you need to repent and somebody's told you you need to read the word of God. Well, you know what? Then you've got to do something with that because you have Jesus on your hands. Yes, sir. And so you see that because that is that is our our commission to go into the world and preach the gospel to minister to those and tell these people, you know what, there is a way out because it's not going to last very long. This this earth will not stand the way it is right now. There is a day coming and it's going to be all over with. Yes, sir. I tell people, listen, there is a an elect bride. There's an elect body of Jesus Christ. And one of these days, he's coming to take his own out of here. And you better be ready to go. You better know that you know that you know that you're ready to get out of here. And let me tell you, when when the when the bride is gone, there's a wrath being poured out that that your mind can't comprehend what's going to take place. And you tell these people, listen, you got to get ready. You better know there because you know what? There ain't there ain't a second arc coming. There is a one there's one way out and that's Jesus Christ. And after that you're going to have to give an account. God don't have no second way out. No uh left behind strategy. There's one way out and that's through Jesus Christ. You can't you can't come up with it is you better you better know that you have received that token that life that that that forgiveness through Jesus Christ and you better know that your sins are forgiven and that you are under the blood because the other any other way is not going to work. Brother Ram says here they said the devil has a pattern of everything God has real. Bab the Babylon was made a pattern of heaven all the natural. See just exactly there is a real genuine Christian filled with the Holy Ghost. There is a lot of hypocrites that just act like it. He said the hypocrite only declares that the real person to stand out bright and shiny, doesn't it? All the false and bogus things only declare the real. See, most everybody, you know, they're they're looking for something that's real. Well, you know what? Because everybody because when you start to see these things, and I was speaking to the young people, too. When you see the things in the world, Satan has has so many things out in front of you to show you all these things, the first thing he wants to do is show you the bogus. But you know what? If there's if there is a counterfeit dollar bill, then you know what? There's a genuine somewhere. He said, "As long as there's a counterfeit, there's a real one." Is that right? As long as you can see an act of the devil, just remember he's impersonating something of God, a real one somewhere. See, that's right. Just remember when you see that, that's what it is. So, we have to see that we have to have this to be the example. But you see these things that God is showing us these things. And the devil's going to have his pattern. He's going to have his way to come. And you're you're going to have to see that the devil's going to come against you with everything that he has. But you got to understand God has brought the word to you. And you you go out there and you tell people, listen, you got to be ready to go. And you know, you don't have to try to it's like you you tell people, you don't have to try to explain everything to them. You don't got to tell the whole Bible to them. But the one thing is you got to you got to repent. You got you got to accept Jesus Christ as your savior. You got to realize that you're lost and there ain't no other way to make it. And you go out there and you tell people, you know what, because when when you read the scripture and it says to be baptized in the name of the father, son, the holy ghost, tell me what the name is. You go and ask somebody, what's what's your name? It don't take it ain't rocket science. You ask somebody what what's your name? They tell you what their name is. Well, you know what? What's the what's the name in the Bible? What's what's the what's the one name that's given under heaven? What what what everything that we do in word or deed is only to be done in one name. When Jesus told them to baptize in the name of the father, son, the holy ghost, then on the day of Pentecost when the holy ghost fell and quicken the word to them and they went out to preach the gospel, proclaim the gospel to the world, what did ge what did Peter say that that went out there? What did Peter and the 11 when they walked out there and began to proclaim the scripture. What did they do? They baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. There's only one name that you can be saved in is in Jesus Christ. Only one you can be baptized in is Jesus Christ. But whatever you're asking for, there's only one name that has deliverance in it, and that's the name of Jesus Christ. And that's the only thing that we have is the name of Jesus Christ. And that's the name we ought to be called of. We should be called business Jesus Christ. You don't have to tell the whole world, but you know, there's people that go out there and they can't see that. And some people, some people, they begin to see that and they realize it. And you know what? They allow the devil to steal that away from them. They hold on to that. But you know what? They never go any further than that. Why? Because they, well, you know what? Uncle Bob says such and such and and granny said this and so and so said that and the preacher said this and you know and everybody else says this and that and you know, but what does the Bible say? What does the Bible say? Then take it right back to the scripture. Then that's where you stand. That's exactly where you got to put your foundation. What does what does the word when God begins to deal with your heart? What does he tell you? You got to deal with it. You got to answer for that. See, it's a See, the same Holy Ghost that fell on the day of Pentecost is the same Holy Ghost that is today. He said, Brother Ram says, "I admit it's been on tramped on, made fun of, misinterpreted, misrepresented, and everything else like that." That's only the that's only the devil counterfeiting counterfeiting. But there is a real genuine baptism of the Holy Ghost that brings the same results that it did on the day of Pentecost. That's right. Yeah. Everybody wants to run it all down and discount what was said, but you know, it's still the same. And if you put your trust and and have an open mind and pray to God that he begins to deal with you, then then you can see that God's going to lead you right down what the scripture says. See, the thing is is, you know, I I know where I stand and I and you've got to have the same experience. You got to know what the scripture says and know where you're standing and what the truth is for your day. You know, because you know, it does it doesn't matter how many people try to tell me that this message is wrong or you know, brother Brandham was wrong, he was fake, he was a false prophet, whatever. It doesn't matter how much they try to tell me all those things. You know what? It still doesn't change the fact that I still believe it. And if I, you know, because if if I'm lost and eternally lost because of that, then guess what? That's where I've sealed I've put my faith and that's where I'm sealed at. And I'm not moving from that because that's what God has put me to. But you know what? I began to see through the scripture, the opening of the word to see the day and hour which we live because everybody says, "Well, I don't see this and I don't see that." Well, I'm sorry because the more I look into the scripture, the more I can see the types and the shadows match up perfectly exactly with the ministry of brother Brandham and the day and hour in which we live. See, I I it just it just it just show I see I just see it. Amen. I mean I I I can I can see the day and hour which we live. can see the the the the you look at the the the government the the everything that's going on all around the world and brother Brandham stand there and he prophesying and telling us what was going to take place and we began to see those things exactly as brother Brandham told us they coming to pass today sir I don't know I don't know about you it doesn't shake my faith it encourages me it it it lifts me up it strengthens me say brother Ram said he was speaking of the young people talking about the day and and the hour and he said see talking about the young the young people he said do you realize the things that you're doing he said if there is another generation your children will be but judged for what you do he said haven't you got any respect or decency see they're out wearing all kinds of immoral stuff and everything like that he said God said he'd visit the iniquity of the parents upon the children and their children to three and four generations. Now, he was talking about the condition that the world is in from that time to this day to see the condition that the families have been in and why we need to hold up the standard because we've seen it how it's just declined and declined and declined and declined. But let me tell you what, the standard, the word of God didn't change. The standard of God didn't change. The standard is still the same. But he brother continues on. He said, "But did you realize, my brother, every time you do that which is right, that'll be visited upon your children." And he continues on here and he says, "See, and Levi, who received tithe, paid tithe, for he was yet in the loins of Abraham when he met Melzdc, and Abraham was his great-grandfather. And Levi was in the loins of Abraham." The Bible said he paid tithe to Melzdc. He said, ' Don't let nobody tell you that any kind of move in the world can ever interfere with God's great cog. She's moving right on. He said, "It was planned back there in the beginning, there ain't ain't a devils or enough devils that can interfere with his program." So, let me tell you something. When God sent you to uphold the standard, let me tell you something. the blessings will be upon your family because you uphold the standards because of what you walk the what the the word says do you do that and as you go through that you know what then the blessings will be upon your family if you want the if you want the blessings of God then you know what then you follow what the word has to say and the thing is when you when you begin to follow what the word says when you begin to do the things that the word says then what it say there ain't enough devils in hell that's going to stop the plan of God there's not enough devils in hell that can stop what God is doing. What God is doing in your life, no matter how much it looks bad, no matter how much things it looks like it's not going to happen. Let me tell you something. If you follow what God says, if you put your trust in God, then you know what? It's going to come to pass. Because if you don't put your trust, how's it ever going to come to pass? You know, because you know, like brother said, you know, if you if you knew that you were going to be shot in the morning, you know, you know, you got are you going to fear? Are you going to have faith? He said, well, you know, if we fear nothing's going to change, but you know, if I have faith, there's something I change. But if the word says that that there will if we follow according to the scripture, then you know what? It changes things. Amen. There is a way of deliverance and it'll come out the way because if he promised it, if it's in the scripture and and it is promised to us, then if we are children and heirs of God, then you know what? Then it's ours to claim it. And no matter if we have the bigger the the bigger the the test, the bigger the problem, the bigger the trial, then the greater the testimony, the greater the blessing that's going to come. You know, that's the reason I I really enjoy when brother Ryan was speaking, you know, going going through all the things that they they went through, him and Sister Gabby went through and you know, when when the de when the doctors are telling you, you know, when the devil's playing in your mind and the doctor's telling you you can't make it, your daughter can't make it, all these things, all they can see, all of the you know what you look at the promises of God and let me tell you something. If if he if he made it, if he done it one time for one person, then you know what? you meet on the same ground with the same faith and he'll do it again. Some, you know, you think about, well, you know, you you think about some illiterate woman down there in Memphis that didn't have anything. But you know what? She had faith in what God said. She had an experience with God to have her an her faith anchored in the word of God. And standing there She might have never had nothing in her life. She might have never mounted anything. But you know what? She had faith in God that she could ground a plane. When she found out who she was and she had faith and she could claim what God had given her, then you know what? She could ground that plane. And she said, "I'm the Shinomite woman." Said, "But where's your Elijah?" When she got down on her knees, you know what? She got desperate with God cuz she got an answer. And the problem is is many times in our lives, the problem is the reason we don't have a breakthrough is we give up too easy because we've allowed the devil to sway us one way or the other because we've allowed doubt and and dismay and all these other things get in our way. But you know what? You stay right there and hold on because just like that woman, she held on. She was out there and standing there praying all night till she got an answer from God. She didn't know what was going to take place. She didn't know what was going to take place. But you know what? She knew God had given her an answer. And she saw that dream that brother Brandham was coming down her way. Here's here's brother Brandham. He didn't even know what was going to take place. He didn't know what was going to take. What? What? Why? Why? God, Lord, I'm just following you. I don't know why I'm out this way. He just going along. I'm just following the leading of the Lord. The Holy Spirit's leading me down this road. Walking miles. He said, "Well, I guess I don't know when I'm going to get home. plane's probably already gone by now. But you know what? He he wasn't worried about what's going to happen next. See, people say, "Well, you know, I I would I would like to be led of the Lord, but you know what? I I I would I would I would like the leading of the Lord and and and to be able to do things." And it's like, well, you know, I don't have the finances for this and I don't have the education for this and I don't have the time to do this and I don't have this and this is a problem and that's a problem. But you know what, John? Just like brother Brandon out there, you know, just walking along. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Well, I'm being led by the spirit. Amen. I'm not I'm not trying to answer trying to figure out all the questions. All I know is I'm being led of the spirit. just give all that over to the Lord and say, "Lord, I don't know. I'm just going to keep walking. I'm just going to keep walking and I don't know where I'm going." All of a sudden, he passed by this black lady standing out there by the fence wet from the dew because you'd been out there all night. And she's standing there and saying, "Good morning, Parson." And he's like, "Good morning, auntie." And just keep and then like, "How'd you know I was a parson? I've been waiting on you. See, her faith moved a plane, moved the prophet. Brother Brandon didn't, you know, God didn't tell Brother Brandon what was going on. Hey, listen. You go 20 miles this way. And when you get down there where the big oak tree is and just look over to the left, there's a black lady standing there with a man's shirt tied on her head standing by the fence. She's got a son that's dying. He didn't know nothing. But you know what? He walked by faith. He knew the leading of the Lord. And so many times we, you know, because when the when the the Lord wants to use us, many times we we get up here, you know what? It's it's going to be an utter failure, brother. We It ain't going it ain't going to matter to Hillbeans. It ain't going it ain't going to touch nobody. No, nobody's going to get blessed by this. And you know and it's you know what and sometimes when we spend our our time you know talking the devil's language and you know and don't realize not realizing you know what if we just get sold out to God can use us you know I don't I don't you know I don't I don't I don't expect to travel the world and do things but you know what I believe that I if I can touch one person then you know what that and all the rest of it is immaterial. It doesn't it doesn't matter if I can just reach one soul. If there's one that that I that can account to my to my life to my if I've touched one person, if I encourage one person, you know, then it makes it all worthwhile. You know, because you know what? God God's not going to ask us how much we done and how much money we raised and all these kind of things. Hey, all he's going to ask us is one question. Are you faithful? Have you were you faithful to the calling that God give you? Or have you been faithful to what God give you? are you faithful? It's not how big it is or how little is. I don't care if anybody ever knows my name or anything like that, but I want I want to be faithful to the call of God. I want I want to do everything that I can. whether it's like, well, I don't know how this is going to work out, how that's going to work out. God takes care of all that. Here's this little black lady down there in Memphis. But she got her answer. Here's brother Brad. He didn't know where he was going or what was going to take place. But you know what? God used him. Now, he could he could have been standing behind some pull pit calling people out. He could have had a prayer line of thousands of people. But you know what? There was one that cried out that had a desperate call that she she reached God by her faith. And you know, the prophet came to her house and was well with God all things are possible. Well, you know, see, we try to limit God. The devil wants Well, you know, he might do it for somebody else, but I don't know about you. See, if he said whosoever will, if if it's un if it's to the least of in the kingdom, if all the blessings of God, if all the promises of God are to the least in the kingdom, then guess what? If you're in the kingdom, they're yours. Then you then they belong to you. Then you claim what God gave you. See, We see that how the the world has gotten into this condition. Brother Ram is talking about the he says the churches see you just can't go to some church and and follow some kind of program or or anything like that. You got to know Christ for yourself. You got to have an experience for yourself. This is from the message of baptism of the Holy Spirit. Brother speaking and he was talking about the churches. He said he said see the churches have adopted this program. He was listening to some program on the radio. He said, "We're the program of teaching their children modern drinking." He said, "What kind of bunch of idiots are you going to produce?" He said, "Why is it?" Because their mammy and papy at home knows no more about God than a hot and does about an Egyptian knight. Abstain from the whole thing. See, and everybody goes to churches and you know and and it's it's the most ridiculous mess and but you know that that that's the whole thing. Just go to church. Our church does this and our church does that. And you know what I've I've seen I've seen I mean the light shows and the music. I mean when I went to a rock concert that's what that was. that I mean sometimes they go to church and they and the music gets so cranked up it's like do they pass out earplugs and well we're worshiping the Lord. How do you know? You know people I've seen people go and and they they start listening to this music and man they don't have they have no idea what the words are. I was listening to this group one time and these people and this dude jumped up. Yeah. Man, he got he got all in this music. Yeah. And then later on realized it was a Christian song. He's like, "Oh, why?" Because the music is rock music. And what was the spirit behind it? It's the same spirit that was inside of him that was that stirred him up. is the same spirit that he was feeding on. That's right. It's the exact same thing. And he was out there enjoying himself till he found out, oh, it's talking about God. Well, you know, you let the let the devil into church and you know, it's just some kind of free-for-all and everybody think, well, you know, this is this is this is this is how we worship God. God God's not in in that because you know what it's like when you because you know you you go to church and you and you lay aside the scripture, you lay aside the Bible and you you know we just we just we just think good thoughts and we just love the Lord and we just come here and we can we can sing and raise our hands and when you begin to talk about living a Christian life. What's what's a Christian life? It's the same kind of life that God lived, that Jesus Christ lived. See, when you come to church and he, brother, I'm talking about having have an experience with God. He said, you know, people come to church, he said their whole they're so hard-hearted. He said they don't shed a tear. He said the spirit, he said they're just so indifferent. He said it's the spirit of the age that they live in. So what is it? Men's hearts failing, perplexed of times. He said, "Natural effects gone from people. Natural affections gone from people." He said, "The love of God seems to pull away." And everybody's like, "Well, you know, we just we just come to church and but you know, there there's no there's no love of of God. There there's there's no movement. They don't they don't have any they well we just come to church and we just we just just go through the motions and you know you see people that that come to church and they just have somebody come up and you know we we talk about some kind of little moral code and you know just you know just just do right and you know you know you know just just help your neighbor and and all these type things and and not realize you know what it takes a death and you it's you dying out to yourself. It's not it's not some kind of psychology where we're just going to change. We're going to change our outlook. No, it's let this mind be in you that was also in Christ Jesus. Where the old man dies in Jesus Christ. It's no longer I that live now, but it's Christ that lives in us. See, we have to get past beyond all of that. See, everybody wants to just see how how things are th this just modern kind of way of living and it's just you know I believe it was uh brother Ernie Villinoeva talking about you know you know you know there's you know just these colorless dreams and smooth knees and and all these type things it's just you know just just floating along but you know brother Ram talk about you know how do you measure a hand. Not how big he is, not how strong he is. He said, "But but by the re the wrinkles in his trousers from being on his knees." How do you How do you Because somebody that spent their time praying that have prayed through, that's how you can tell somebody that's a Christian and you know, and it's just like, well, you know, they they they want they want the things of the world. They want to have they want to have a nice life. Well, you're not promised a nice life because you know what? All that all that live in Christ are going to suffer persecution. All that live godly because you know what? He didn't he didn't promise us anything on this side of the earth. He didn't promise us no flowery bread of ease. Nothing nothing could go right. But you know what? We're laying up treasures that are beyond here. The scripture tells us all these things that we see, they're temporal. But the things that we're laying up, the things that we don't see, he said they are eternal. So there's a certain thing that we're coming to that you got to get beyond all these things to get to a place that that is eternal to know what eternal life is. We're going to move beyond all these things, this realm, because it's all going to pass away. So, I'm going to go back here in First Timothy. He said, ' Let no man despise thy youth, but be an example of the believer. And the words here before I close, I want to just touch on this. It says in co in word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, and in purity, you begin to look into the scripture. I just want to, you know, look at a few things tonight because I I want you to understand that, you know, you you got to you got to come to this place and know what a believer is. And you got to be a believer. And you got you got to come to this place and you know and it and it's us to show that example to show Jesus Christ to the world and it says in word you know the the things that we say we've got to we've got to have the the word and know how to you know because you know the scripture tells us that life and death is in the power of the tongue. the things that we say we can we can we can have an effect on people. We influence people by the things that we say and you know the scripture says that that let everything that we say be seasoned with salt. You know let let no evil communication come out of your mouth. You know you have to know what you're saying and know how to say it. And sometimes the best thing is no don't say anything at all. Sometimes you don't have to apologize for the things you don't say. Sometimes we get in trouble for and we have to apologize because we didn't say something because we should have said something and we didn't say something. when the Lord begins to speak to us and tell us we need to do things and you see you see the condition that the world is in today and and and people today they say things and and especially with social media they get out and they say things on social media and they don't think there's any consequences to it. You know, I was watching a video the other day. This man And you know, they they they arrested him and brought him back to Florida from some other state. And you know, he threatened he threatened one of the sheriffs in some county in Florida and they went up there and arrested him, brought him back. As soon as he got off the plane, he's in handcuffs and the sheriff met him there. Said, "Mr. So and so, I'm the sheriff of this town. I'm so and so. I'm the one that you threatened." He said, "We got a place for you over here. we got you a room over here. And the deputies hauled him off to jail. And he was well, guess what? Your words, they'll justify you or they'll condemn you. You'll you'll have you have to watch what you say because you know what brother brother Ram said even the scripture tells you you know we are supposed to say what God says to confess what it says to say the same thing and you know when you talk about young people because this is some of it you know it's geared toward the young people. But it it the the main part of this is to us the adults to parents because you know what and and we we had an incident some some time back but you know you know and when I found out about it it was it was my son And you know, and I and and we we had a we had a meeting, brother Wade and the other people, and I'm not going to get into all that, but we had a meeting. And you know what? You you you have to realize the things that you say has an effect on somebody. And one of the biggest things that we face in this world today that young people face today is bullying. You think it's funny because you can say something and sometimes you can say something on the phone or social media or you can just laugh it off because somebody else laughs. But you know what? When you say something like that, it has an effect on somebody because you know what? You wouldn't want somebody to say that to you, you know, and it and it it hurts me because, you know, I stop and and and look at look at a young girl in this church and when when something is said and somebody just thinks it's it's inconsequential, it did it meant something to her, it meant something to me. And that's the reason, you know, we have to be we have to be mindful of these things because the things that we say, you're sewing a seed. You can't sew a seed and then pray for a crop failure. the so you sow a seed and brother Ram said you sow one little seed and you'll reap a wash tub full of it that's the reason that one you know I appreciate brother Dale for one thing well there's many things but there's one thing that really stands out to me brother Dale said one time he said that he said if I done anything to you whether I done wrong or not. He said, "If you if you tell me I I need to apologize to you or you say that I done something wrong," he said, "I'll apologize to you whether I done it wrong or not." He said, "You come to me and say you such, you know, you offended me or whatever." He said, "I'll apologize whether I'm in the wrong or not." And I, you know, it takes it takes a real it takes a real man to do that. It takes a real Christian to do that. And I you know what and and I and I don't mind being the one to stand up here and if it and if it's me then you know what I'm the one I'm the one that handles it and I'll apologize. I don't mind calling people on the phone. I don't mind apologizing to people. Because you know what I you because I don't want I don't want anything to hinder me and I don't want anything to hinder you. I don't want anything to hinder this church because you know what you know he said he said one little unconfessed sin in this church he said can cause this church to bitterly fail. He said your conduct you know it's like well it's not just it's not just hindering the next service it can hinder the the growth of this church. And he said, "And you'll answer for it." And so that's the reason why I don't I don't want just let anything slide. I I want I want to be exactly what we need to be. Uproot all these things, you know. So when we look at these things in the by our words, we also have the scripture tells us in Peter, we need to know and give an answer when we are asked of the hope that lies within us. We need to be studied and and to be sanctified to know these things and how how to give an answer to the things that when when we're asked of these things to give an answer what what is inside of us and the hope and the and the revelation that we have to give an answer to it because you know what the the world is not is not everybody's going to accept it. You can you can talk till you're blue in the face. But you know what? That's not going to change me. But I do know what this why I believe the way I do and what I believe. And the scripture says in word and in conversation. The scripture says, "Let your conversation be without covetousness and be content with such things as ye have. For he that hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee." See our conversation is not in in the scripture our conversation is not conversation it's our life it's if you look up the word conversation it means the manner of life the way of living see the things that you he said you know if if we love the world or the things of the world the love of God's not in you can't you can't live like the world and be a part of God because we're supposed to be separate from the And you know and the and the problem is sometimes and I I want to look at this because you know people people you know it it's you can't look at somebody else. You know I I I tell young people sometimes you know just because somebody else says that's okay. And there may not be anything wrong with it but I but I want you to have your own convictions. You know, just because somebody does a certain thing, that don't mean it's wrong. But you need to have your own convictions in your own life and say, "Well, you know what? It may be okay to do that or may, you know, but I'm not going to do it because you know what? I'm not comfortable with that. And then it's okay to do that." You know, Paul was talking about in the scripture, we're talking about people eating meat or not eating meat. Well, you know what? If you do a certain thing or you don't do a certain thing, then it's okay. There's not it's not sinful. But if you think it's not it's no not okay to do this, then don't do it. But have your own convictions on it. And if somebody ridicules you of it, then that's okay. You know, just pray for them. But don't be but don't ever get to the place where you know you're lock you're walking lock step because you know well everybody in the church does such and such come up you know just you you have to see these things for yourself. The scripture the scripture tells us you know to work out our own salvation with fear and trembling. You got to come up with your own your own set of convictions and you know and and and because you you have to figure out what what is right for you. You know there's there's certain people you know that that after they took you know in the in the past you know people that taken communion on on Sundays you know they would take the communion people wouldn't eat for the rest of the day. And some pe some people believe that you know they they eat the Lord's supper and after that they don't take food for the rest of the day. You know that's the reason sometimes you know they always made it the second service of the day which not like we do here but you know I mean but in certain people you know they would have that conviction they didn't eat. Well just because somebody believes that or somebody eats after they take the Lord's supper then that there's not there's not a sin in that. But if you have a conviction then follow what's on what's your heart because you have to come to the place is it against the word is it but if it's not against the word but you don't feel like you feel like doing this then then don't do it and just because someone else doesn't do that you know just like Paul said you know I wouldn't eat meat in front of a brother that didn't eat meat because I wouldn't do it because I didn't want to offend him but he said you know it's not like he wouldn't give up eating meat But you know if if it but if it was to edify somebody then I wouldn't do it. So you have to look at those things to understand how how we are supposed to process these things about how our life is to be to be sensitive to the Holy Spirit in the way we live our lives and you know and you know because there's a lot of people in the world the way they live it's you know they live in a world of legalism and they've not been delivered of it and all you can do is pray for them and just because somebody believes a certain way or does a certain way you know, then you just pray for them and just love them anyway. But, you know, you just, you know, and if and if somebody wants to draw you outside their circle, just like brother Brandham said, well, you can't draw me out cuz I draw my circle bigger. I draw you right back in. He said in charity, that's our that's a love for one another. The same love that he loved us with, we love that. We see we express that to one another because the same agape love that we've received is the same one that we show to each other. And you know one of the one of the aspects of of of this love that he showed for one that he said you know God showed us love we are ought to love one another he said you know how can how can you say that I love God and hate your brother. He said, 'You know, because how can you love your brother whom you have seen, you love your God whom you have not seen. So, you know, if you have if you have a place where you get to the place where you don't love one another, if you've got a all against somebody, then like brother R said, you know, get rid of that root of bitterness, you got to dig it out. You got to get rid of it. And he said, and whack something that much closer together. And the and the same love and the and the one thing that you got to realize is when you when you love the the aspect of agape love is it's it's sacrificial there because you know if you if you want to if you want to be show Jesus Christ you know the love of then you it's a sacrifice. He loved he loved you and I and paid the ultimate sacrifice. And it's the same way with you and I. If we're going to show the world Jesus Christ, it's about our sacrifice, how much do we love one another? Just like brother Brown talking about, you know, when you when you see one hurting and it's just like we all hurt. We we when one was blessed, we all rejoice. When one's rejoicing, we're all rejoicing. But if there's one hurting, then we all hurt. And it and you know because there's there's no there's no highs and there's no lows. There's no big eyes and little U's. We're all the same. We're all we're all important. We're all precious in the body of Christ. He said in spirit. Second Corinthians tells us to cast down imaginations and every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God. bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. He says in faith says faith is synonymous with trust or belief in the conviction of truth of anything and scripture usually speaks of believe respecting man's relationship to God and divine things generally with the included idea of trust and holy fervor born of faith and joined with it. See, you have to take these things that are given and have faith because he said without faith, it's impossible to please God. And faith is a revelation. and having having that faith to put trust in what God says and understanding that he said, you know, we're supposed to honor those that are in power over us that God has placed over us to honor those, give double honor to those and trust those because you know, how can you have faith in God when you can't have faith in your brother? If God called a man to stand in the place, then how to be a pastor, how can you know how how can you put faith in God and you can't have trust in a man? Because you know what? If if I'm looking at the flesh, we can't we can't trust in flesh. But you know, I realize that there's there's God there. There's God behind the flesh. There's God behind the flesh. And so we can have confidence in our brothers and our sisters. Why? Because we're all called of God. That's the reason I read I don't understand people, you know. Well, I I'm just I'm just going to push play, you know, and you know, we don't, you know, we're trying to do away with with the five-fold ministry. You know, we just we're just going to listen to the prophet. Well, you know what? God called men all the way down from the beginning. And he had had men come and speak. Had prophets all the way down through the scripture. Had men that were called to begin to speak. Had called a five-fold ministry all down all the way down through the church ages. And he gets down to the end. And you know what? Got that much confidence in him. It's like, well, well, God, God was able to do it all the way till he got to the end and then all of a sudden he tripped and stumbled and all of a sudden we can't we can't we can't put confidence in the five-fold ministry. Well, it's I mean, it's it's that ridiculous. But we got confidence in one another because you know what I realize? I I got confidence in my brothers and sisters because you know what? I realize if you fall, then guess what? It's my job to pray for you to get back up, to restore you. And I got confidence that you'll get back up, that I believe that you'll continue on. And I got confidence that if I fall, then you y'all will be praying for me. I got confidence in you because I believe I believe God's in this body of believers working And he said impurity. Second Corinthians says, "For I'm jealous over you over God with a godly jealousy, for I've espoused you to one husband that you that I may present to you present you as a chase virgin to Christ." said, "Beloved, now we are the sons of God, and it does not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is." And every man that hath hope in him purifith himself even as he is pure. Because we put our confidence in him, that we are sons of God, then you know what? That we are pure through him. That we are purified through him through the word. And I want to read one more portion of scripture. I'll have let's stand let's have the musicians come. I want to read one more portion of scripture before I finish tonight. But this is this is Ephesians 4 beginning verse 22. And I'm just going to run through this real quick. I know y'all starting to get tired. So, but I just want to share this with you. Verse 22 says that he put off that ye put off concerning the former con conversation the old man which is corrupt according to the deceitful lust and be renewed in the spirit of your mind that ye put on the new man which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness. Wherefore putting away lying speak every man truth to his neighbor for we are members one of another. Be ye angry and sin not. Let not the sun go down upon your wrath. Neither give place to the devil. Let him that stole steal no more, but rather let him labor, working with his hands the thing which is good, that he may have that he may have to give to him that needeth. He said, "Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers. And grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed until the day of redemption. Let all bitterness and wrath and anger and clamor and evil speaking be put away from you with all malice. and be ye kind one to another, tender-hearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you. Now, I want to I want to I just want to share you something with you. The first the first verse says, "Putting off the concerning the old the former conversation, the old man." Well, first Timothy says in conversation, the first verse, verse 22, put off the conversation of the former, the old man. He said, "And be renewed in the spirit of your mind in spirit." Yes. Amen. He says, "And then put on the new man which is after God is created in righteous and true holiness in spirit." He said, "Whereby put away lying, speak the truth to the neighbor is which in word." He said, "And be angry and sin not. Not let the sun go down on your wrath." That's in conversation. That's the way you live your life. He said, "Neither give place to the devil." That's in spirit. Because the place the devil wants to work is in your mind. The devil works in the spiritual realm. So that's in spirit. He said, "And then he that stole, let him steal no more." That's that's your way of life. That's conversation. He said, "Let no evil, let corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth." That's your words. He said, "Enrieve not the Holy Spirit of God." That's in spirit. He said, "Let all bitterness and wrath and anger and clamor be put away from you." That's purity. And he said, "And be ye kind one to another, tend to heart at forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake has forgiven you." And that's in charity. So, here's Paul writing in Ephesians 4. And every one of those scriptures covers everything that Paul talks about in 1 Timothy. Every one of those. And he and it's a one passage of scripture. And he covered every single one of those. And I want you to see that. Yes. I I want to be closer to God than I've ever been. Amen. And I I want to be an example to the believer of the believers to the young people. Be thou an example of the believers. Yes. Amen. I want I want the young people to see Jesus Christ. And I want you to have a testimony that people can see Jesus Christ in you. Just because you're young, I want the world to see Jesus Christ in you. But I want you to see Jesus Christ in us in my words and my conversation and my faith and my charity and my purity. I want you to see Jesus Christ in every part of my life. Yes. And if there's some part of my life that doesn't match up to that, it doesn't meet the standard, I want God to work on my life. Amen. I don't I don't want another day where where there's there's some kind of issue and and I don't want it just hidden behind some door. I want all the doors open. I want God to have his will and way with us. Amen. Let's all bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for this night, Lord. I know it's kind of lengthy tonight, Lord Jesus. But Lord, what's been on my heart to say and Lord, I I want you to just mold us into your image, Lord Jesus. If there's anything in our lives, Lord, that's not pleasing, Lord Jesus. Yes. Lord, I want you to work on my life, Lord. I see the hour in which we live. Lord, we see that we see that the the condition the world's in. Lord, we know that, Father, the the your coming is not too far away, Lord Jesus. Yes. Father, I pray that you help us tonight, Lord, to to be ready and Lord, lay aside every weight and every sin that would so be easily beset us, Lord. Lord, to just come and and mold us into your image, Lord Jesus. Lord, we thank you for your word, Lord, as it's come to us. Lord, we can see ourselves and sometimes we look into the mirror of your word, Lord Jesus, and see things that we don't like about ourselves, Lord. Lord, but we know that the Holy Spirit is here to work in our lives, Lord, to change these things, Lord. We like to have miracles take place in our lives, but sometimes it's a it's a daily it's a dayto-day walk with you, Lord. It's a it it's a daily grind, Lord. It's a daily overcoming. It's a daily dying out. And Lord, that's what we're asking for, Lord. Lord, you give us strength, Lord, by your word, Lord. We are strengthened, Lord. We're more than conquerors through you to overcome all these things, Lord. We don't understand why the battles are the way they are, the things we face, Lord, but we know that they all work for our good. Amen. And Lord, we just commit ourselves to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Father, I pray for each one that's here tonight, Lord. Whatever the needs may be, Lord, whatever the desire is in their heart. Lord, when we look into the word, Lord, may you will we be molded into your image, Lord. The prophet said we've been invited to be molded into your image, Lord. Lord, you've called us to this place, Lord. And we just want to continue to to walk in in the word that you've given us in the in the the light of the word, Lord Jesus. Lord, as this as the honing time has come down, Lord, as the word comes in, Lord, it it removes all the things of of us, Lord Jesus, of our our human humanity, Lord Jesus, everything that's contrary to the word, Lord Jesus. Lord, that we be molded into your image, Lord Jesus. That the world can see Jesus Christ. Lord, that we can be pleasing to you in everything that we do and say, Lord Jesus, we commit ourselves into your hands, Lord. Father, we just want you to have your will and way with us, Lord. Bless the ones that are not here tonight, Lord. The ones that are sick, whatever the needs are, Lord. Father, we just believe that you'll minister to each one. Meet the needs, Lord Jesus. as we continue to hold them up, Lord, as the as the devil has his has his little plans and his his way to attack us, Lord Jesus, because but we realize it's only permitted of you for these things to take place, Lord Jesus. But we still claim our our healing. We still claim our deliverance, Lord. We still claim our our families, Lord Jesus. Whatever whatever has come against us, Lord Jesus, we still believe that you are are the answer, Lord Jesus. You're still in control. And Lord, we just believe what whatever no matter how it comes, Lord Jesus, Lord, what whatever it looks like, God. We know that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. Lord, we we've strengthened in the word, Lord, to hold on, to continue to fight the battle. Lord, we get weary sometimes, but Lord, you said that our youth is renewed like the eagle through your word. Lord Jesus, we are renewed in strength and zeal. Lord, I I pray for each one tonight, Lord Jesus, whatever the needs are, Lord, just give them their desire of their hearts, but we commit ourselves in the name of Jesus Christ to you. Amen. Amen. God bless you tonight. For there's never been a day like this day to me. There's never been a day like this day. I see. There's never been a light that shines so bright as this day, this glorious day. Oh, there's never been a day like like this day to me. There's never been a day like this day. I see. There's never been a light that shines so bright as this day, this glorious [Music] day. Amen. There's never been a day like this today. Amen. Well, God bless you tonight. We'll be uh dismissed in a word of prayer and God bless you. Have a great week. We'll see you for Bill and Sunday. Looking forward to brother Trevor will be here Sunday. Wonderful. Amen. Let's just all pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this time, Lord. We've been able to gather in your house, Lord. And we just pray that Lord, as we travel on the way home, Lord, you just watch over each one of us, Lord. Keep us safe during the week, Lord. We just pray for our brother Trevor as he's coming Sunday, Lord, to bring the word to us, Lord. Lord, just we're just looking for a great time in you, Lord. And Lord, I just pray that you bless each one, watch over and keep us, Lord. Bless our pastor, Lord, Sister June, Lord, as they as they labor in your in your work, Lord. And Lord, we just thank you for them. We just continue to hold them up. You strengthen them, Lord Jesus. Give them comfort in in every aspect of their life, Lord Jesus. Whatever they have need of, Lord. Lord, we just so thankful, Lord, that we are able to be guided, Lord, by a man of God, that we're able to stand here, but we realize it's you leading him, Lord Jesus. Lord, I thank you. I thank I thank you for that, Lord Jesus. I thank you for wonderful brothers and sisters, Lord Jesus. Lord, that we're able to fellowship on this side of eternity together. But what a great day it's coming, Lord. It won't be far away, Lord. Lord, we're going to lay down all these problems, all these sorrows, Lord Jesus. Lord, this old flesh of humanity, Lord, this mortality is going to go down. And Lord, we're going to be wrapped in immortality. Lord, we thank you for it. What a wonderful thing, Lord. when we realize what's coming, Lord. Just give us, Lord, strength to make it, Lord. Whatever we face, Lord Jesus, Lord, just help us make the right decisions, Lord. Let us be pleasing in everything that we do to you. Lord, we commit it all to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you tonight. You're dismissed. It's never been a day like this day to me. There's never been a day like this. I see.
