################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - 25-0601 - Son of Man (Adoption Time Pt.8) - Wade Dale - Wade Dale - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-01
Title:   25-0601 - Son of Man (Adoption Time Pt.8) - Wade Dale
Speaker: Wade Dale
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1ieXaaflY4
========================================

may have gotten five steps. I think I got about 200, but we got to work on that one. Amen. Amen. I guess I got about 10 from my seat here. So, God bless you. Had to do what I could, but happy to be here with everybody again this morning. Just pray that the Lord will bless us and lift us up. Amen. Amen. And let's let us always continue to pray one for another. Amen. We're going to read this morning from Psalm 8 verses 1-9. Let us pray. Heavenly Father, we are so grateful and thankful for this opportunity, Lord, to come together to worship. Lord, we pray that you would arise our yourself in our hearts, Father, that you will lead and guide us, Lord, through every situation. God, we ask you wherever we are, whatever we're doing, Lord, that we will keep you in our hearts and in our mind. Lord, that you would lead us, Lord. Let us always remember to pray one for another. So wherever we are when we pray for ourselves, Lord, let us pray for others also. God, we love you and we thank you and ask your blessing be upon us and just bless this service this morning. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Psalm 8 1-9. Okay. Oh Lord our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth. Who has set the glory above the heavens. and the avenger. When I consider thy heavens, the works of thy fingers, the moon and the stars, which thou has an ordained, then that thou mindful of him, and the son of man that thou visitest him, for thou has made him a little lower than the angels, and has crowned him with glory and honor. Thou madeest him to have dominion over the works of thy hands. Thou has put all things under his feet. All sheep and oxen y and the beast of the field. The foul of the air and the fish of the sea and whatsoever passes through the paths of the sea. Oh Lord, our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. I have you take up the offer. Thank you, Lord. books offering offering to you. Thank you for all your blessings in Jesus name. Amen. Thank you, Lord. You enjoyed that Sunday school this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. That was a real blessing. Amen. God is writing our story. Amen. I thank the Lord. You know, we woke up with our mind on him. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] I woke up this morning with my mind. Stay on Jesus. I woke up this morning with my mind. Stay on Jesus. I woke up this morning with my mind. Oh. Oh. Said on Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. I'm singing and praying with my mind. Say on Jesus, my I'm singing and praying with my mind. Stay on Jesus. I'm singing and praying with my mind. Oh, f all glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm walking and talking with my mind. Said on my Lord. I'm walking and talking with my mind. Say on Lord I'm walking and talking with my mind. Say on G. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I woke up this morning with my mind. It's glory to wake up with your mind on him. Oh Jes. I woke up this morning with my mind. Say on glory. I woke up this morning with my mind. My Lord said on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm singing and praying with my mind. Say glory my Lord. I'm singing and praying with my mind. Sit on glory. I'm singing and praying with my mind. My Lord say on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I am walking and talking with my mind. Glory say I'm walking and talking with my mind. Stay on Jesus. I'm walking my Lord. Said on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank him. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, I woke up this morning with my mind, my my Lord. Said on Jesus, my I woke up. Say on Jesus, I woke up. My Lord said on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. To wake up with your mind on the Lord. I mean, that Sunday school this morning is all about that. Keeping your mind stayed on him. We live in a world with so many distractions, so many things to take our mind off of the Lord. Amen. And did you get your mind off of the Lord? Like you said, you start doubting that negative steps in and before you know it, you can walk your way out of what God intends for you. Amen. But if we keep our mind Amen. The one thing I certainly got out of this church is pressing. Keeping your mind on the Lord. Amen. Not stopping, not being satisfied with where you are, but pressing on. Amen. And holding on. Amen. Thank the Lord. We want to meet him saying, "Lord have mercy. I've been pressing. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. And we're so thankful. He wasn't looking at us. Let's sing that number 508. He wasn't looking at me when he took me in. He wasn't He wasn't looking at my heart that was blacked by sin. He was looking at the blood flowing rich and free, that precious blood that covers me. He wasn't looking at me when he took me in. He wasn't looking at my horn that was blackened by [Music] sin. He was looking at the blood flowing rich and free that precious blood that covers me. He wasn't looking at me when he took me in. He wasn't looking at my heart that was blackened by sin. He was looking at the blood flowing rich and free, that precious blood that covers me. Thank you, Lord. He wasn't looking at me when he took me in. He wasn't looking at my heart that was blacked by sin. He was looking at the blood flowing rich and free. That precious blood that covers me. Amen. Praise the Lord, Sister Nala. God bless you. Praise the Lord. [Music] [Music] [Music] God is [Music] good. And all the time he put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is [Music] good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is [Music] good. My God is good all the time. And God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time through the darkest night. His light will shine. God is good. My God is good all the time. No, if you're walking through the valley and there are shadows all around, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. for he's promised to never leave you nor forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. My God is good all the [Music] time. We were sinners, so unworthy. So for us he chose to die. Fill us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and [Music] testify that his love is everlasting and his mercies will never rain. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest nights, his light will shine. God is good. My God is good all the time. And though I may not understand all the plans you have for me. My life is in your hands and through the eyes of faith I can clearly see a God of [Music] good heart of my God is good all the time through the darkest night His light will shine. Our God is good. Our God is good all the time. Oh, God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest nights, his light will shine. God is good. My God is good all the time. And God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest nights, his lights will shine. God is good. My God is good. God is good. My God is good all the time. [Music] Praise the Lord. Amen. He's good all the time. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. He is good all the time. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. I sing, make me more like thee. Amen. That's such a good God. We want to be like him. Amen. Amen. Make me more like thee, Jesus. Make me more like thee, oh Lord. Give me a heart that's filled with love and make me more like thee. Is that your desire this morning? Make me more like thee, Jesus. Make me more like thee, oh Lord. Give me a heart that's filled with love and make me more like thee. Make me more like thee, Jesus. Make me more like thee, oh Lord. Give me a heart that's filled with love and make me more like thee. [Music] I want God's way to be my way as I journey here below. For there is no other highway that a child of a God should go. And though the road be steep and [Music] rough. If he leads me, it's enough. Oh, I want God's way to be my way every day. Let us stand on our feet this morning. That's your desire. I want God's way to be my way. Are you ready for the word? Amen. Where we're going to hear about that way. Thank you, Lord. There's no other highway. Amen. Thank you, Father. That a child of God should go. And though the road be steep and rough, if he leads me, it's enough. Oh, I want God's way to be my way every day. Amen. That's your desire. Amen. We want it God's way. You ready for the word this morning? Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Holy word, long preserved. That word is what's changing us. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Holy words long preserved. For I walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life, words of hope, give us strength, help us cope in this world where we roam. The word of God will guide us home. The word of God ever true, changing me, changing you. Oh, we have come with open hearts. Holy blow our brothers into holy words of our faith handed down to this age came to us through sacrifice. Oh he the paid for work of Christ. Holy words long preserved for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let's worship him. Just give him worship this morning. Oh, word of God. It's ever true. We come here to be changed. And he's going to change us today by the word of God. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart. Amen. Let the word of God impart. Turn around, shake somebody's hand, and say, "God bless you." Good to be in the house of the Lord. Good to have each and every one of you with us today. Good to have our visitors with us. And if you've been here one time, uh you're not a visitor anymore. You're just part of the group. We don't have anything to sign or or um any creed to say. We have one creed. It's Christ, one law, but love, one book. That's the Bible. Amen. So, good to have each and every one of you. Good to have the wayward travelers back with us, Sister Charlotte, Sister Joyce. Good to have them back with us. And I'm sure they had a good time. Anytime you get to go out west is a good time. And uh good to have sister Emma's mom and dad always uh good to have them with us. My a pleasure to pleasure to uh when I heard when I thought about out west I thought well they they're not from out there anymore. They're coming out they're here now. So we just appreciate them and uh love them with the love of the Lord. We love all of you. Good to have brother Donardo's daughter back with us. I didn't know y'all were going to stay here this long, but good to have you back with us and uh get the whole family here. But um but a couple of announcements. Brother Aaron will be speaking for us Wednesday uh night. Brother Luis is at brother Jean Williams, I think, and brother Bob's at brother Chris Longs this morning. So he's way out in Arizona with brother Chris. Uh just remember, sis that brother u um Thomas and I are going to be leaving soon as the service is over. We're going to be driving to Kentucky for a little while. Got some new people in the hunting club. So, we're going to show them around. So, we'll be gone a few days. Remember June the 14th, all you gentlemen, men, young men, 14th at 4:00, deer lodge. That'll be our Father's Day gift to each one of you fathers. If you don't know where it is, find somebody and go with them or follow them. Uh, also remember, um, brother John and sister Alicia and and the kids are going to be gone for a month or so or ever. How long? Going back to the Philippines and and where else? Oh, you're going to the Oh, is that the outback? Okay. Well, just convert some convert some kangaroos while you out there. So, they're going to be gone for a month or so. So, we're going to uh say a special prayer for them today as they get ready to leave next Saturday to be gone for a month or so on his trip for for work, but we're just going to pray that the Lord will be with with him while he's gone. Um communion and footwashing is today. Um uh brother Joseph is got his family here. I I didn't announce it last Sunday, but he's holding Brother O'Brien and his wife is sister Janet. Good to have them with us from Kenya. They're over here now and uh and u taking a pew at in the church. So, we sure do appreciate appreciate them. So, we appreciate what God's give us. God is good. I think I just heard that just a few minutes ago. God is good all the time. Amen. So, let's bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, thank you for this day you've gi us. Thank you for the purchase of your blood. Thank you for the brothers and sisters that's assembled today. Not to come and hear me, Lord, but to hear from you, Father. Just move this vessel out of the way. You do the speaking, Lord. Lord, I pray that we do the hearing, Father. That it be not just human faculty, but it will be the Holy Spirit of God discerning the word and bringing it to our hearts. Father, that's our desire, Lord, as we continue on with this going up through the statue of perfect man, Lord, and going into our position and then knowing where we are, what we're doing here, and let's do it. Father, I pray that you'd bless the ones that are sick, ones that are not here. Lord, Sister Regina in her recovery, the different ones. Father, I pray that you'd be with them, be with the people on the highway that's not here, Brother Bob, and them be traveling back. Brother Louise, different ones. Father, I pray that you'd be with him. Just bless us now in Jesus name. Amen. All right, we're going to continue on. Uh let's go to Romans 8:15. For ye have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but you have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry ab. There was one time when you were a child, you cried as a baby. you needed something and God was so gracious he gave it to you. But now he wants us to be grown up. He wants us to be mature enough to be able to handle what he's already gi us. All right. So verse 16, the spirit itself bearing witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. And if children then hes of God, joints with Christ, whatever Christ gets, we get. If so be that we suffer with him. So there's got to be a little bit of suffering going on. And what was I telling you the other day? The suffering is not so much see the Catholic church is, you know, they want to do penance, they're going to beat theirel or they're going to, you know, do something or or or, you know, during Lent time they're going to give up something. That's not what God wants us to do. Our suffering is is that we're not like the world and the world persecutes us because we're not like them. In other words, they shun us. We've lost friends because we've come into this message. Anybody? We've lost friends. Even when we became a Christian, we lost friends. Well, that's the persecution. It's not so much and I we may have to go through some kind of persecution. But the suffering that we have is is not having the the the pleasures of this world. We don't want them as Christians. But now your flesh, come on, somebody. Your flesh still yields. Amen. Without the Holy Ghost, you did those things. So your so your outside man, your your spirit realm is still connected to that old Adamic nature which is drawing you back into the world. But we have the Holy Ghost that called us out of redeemed us, put us into the body of Christ, children, but we must suffer with him that we may be also glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings and look in re of this present time, they had them back then. The dark ages had them. Every age had the different ones of types of suffering, but our suffering is is we have got to study to show oursel approved. We can't just go to church and let the preacher preach and give you everything you need. That's Catholicism. Amen. Somebody asked me at work about the Catholic religion. I said, "They're just lazy people. We'll go do our mass. We'll be there at 10:00. We don't understand nothing you're saying, priest, but you pray for us. You intercede for us. You be the one that does the work. I'm going to go have fun on Saturday night, but on Sunday, I'm going to come in here with a big bad headache, but you're going to take care of that cuz you're my pope and priest and whatever. We don't believe that. You got to have your own experience with God. You got to have your own catching up. You got to have your own suffering. Yes, sir. Of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. You may be seated and the Lord add his blessing to the reading of the word. Let's continue in the book of Ephesians. Ephesians 1:3 says, "Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ." Now, what did brother tell us? The heavenly places was our position. H. Oh, okay. according as he hath chosen us in him. Now we were we were chosen in him. There were others that were chosen of him. The rest of the world, listen, every soul that's ever been in this world was given to them by God. Adolf Hitler, Judas, every soul. God said, "All souls are mine." But when he gives it and imparts it to you, it makes you an individual and gives you a free moral agency to do with what God give you either good or bad. All right? So did God didn't make you evil. God didn't make you good either. It's the goodness of God that leads us to repentance and then we become good. But we were born with a nature totally contrary to God. Yes, sir. I mean, did you not I mean, when you were when you were 8, nine, 10 years old, I mean, you knew that God you you didn't know anything about God. You're just trying to get through life. Amen. Come on. Am I the only one that did this? The teacher was too hard. Your parents were too hard. This was too hard. I had pimples all over my face. I had all this stuff I had to worry about. But God told us that he chose us in him. not of him, in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. He saw us already holy. Even though we were born in sin, shaping in iniquity, even though we came to the world contrary to God, he saw us by his fornowledge. We'll get into that in just a minute. By his fornowledge, he saw us perfect. That's right. Now, are we going to Now, the contrary part of that is is we don't believe that. Well, I'm going to say amen myself. Amen. We're contrary to that. We sin and wonder how in the world God puts up with us. Okay, we come to hear from the Lord. Well, then we're going to hear from the Lord today. He's going to tell us that he said we were holy and without blame before him in love. How? Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ. What? To himself. So the connection goes back to himself. He's going to have his perfect will. You and I may work in permissive will. You and I may do certain things, but he saw us get into the right will of God before the foundation of the world, before there was a star, before there was an Adam, anywhere. And we'll get to that in just a minute. I want to cover fornowledge today just for a few minutes because we've got to understand, we were looking at Wednesday night. There was a group of people that went across in the promised land and came back. We'll cover that again because I think that's very re revelated and relevant to the age that we're living in. All right? Because there's some that's going to go over into the promised land, get the new birth. Amen. Okay? But they're not going to go on any further. They're going to say, "We're fine right here." Amen. And it didn't knock them out of being the 12 tribes of Israel now. God didn't say, "I'm going to do away with you now." No. God said, Moses said, "That's good. If that's what you want, we'll leave you there." But now, you remember you got brothers on the other side over there, and you got to go help them fight. We'll look at just a minute. So, it's the predestination of God knowing there'd be two groups of people. Knowing there would be a uh actually three groups of people. There would be the mate believers, unbelievers, and true believers. There would be there would be the u a foolish virgin, virgin, and one that don't care. There'd be that same group of people. They're sitting here today. Brother Ram said, "In every service is three kinds of believers." I looked around up there. We were up at the U pastor's convention. Well, pastor's retreat. It wasn't a convention, pastor's retreat. There was about 40 of us in that room. And I looked around and uh I thought, I'm going to say something. You know, Brother Brandham said in every every congregation there was, well, praise the Lord. So, so we were just having we weren't in a congregation. I guess you could say that, but um I kind of did look around and I thought, "Brother Ram did say that. Think about it. Not all Israel is Israel." And I'm not saying anything about them. I love that. That was a wonderful atmosphere. We had a wonderful worship time. And it was that way because I believe that everybody in that congregation was born again and were the seed of God and were people that wanted to further the gospel to the other people. The the worship service and even the worship service here in different places. You can tell you can tell when things are going well. When the when the worship service begins and it all goes good, that means somebody prayed up more than they did before last time. Maybe that means that we got an attitude different than the attitude we had last time we were in this building. Hello, somebody. Okay. Well, anyway, we're human beings. Amen. I told you, put it at the door back there. Nail it up and come on in. And don't pick it up on the way out. Give it to God. Let him destroy it. Having predestinated us into the adoption of children. So he foresaw there was a group of people that was going to be mature in the word of God. He saw a group of people that would mimic Adam before the fall. Adam had full control. He had full control of the weather. He had full control of this whole world. Think about that. And he said, "Now I'm going to have another a group over here now that's going to be by my second Adam that won't fall. the second Eve that won't fall. But I'm not going to have the second Eve as a baby and the second Adam as a baby. Sure, Jesus was a baby in flesh. But he grew up. He grew up and became perfect by his suffering and all those different things because he was a human being, but he was almighty God. All right. So, let's continue on. according to the good pleasure of his will. And what is his will? His will is his word. Today I have opened up and unsealed your will. Someone died so that I could read this today and give you what God gave you when he died. You say, "Oh, God can't die." Jesus died. The flesh man died. Okay? He had to pay a price. He had to be a a a new there had to be a new testament. Right. So the testator had to die. In other words, the one that give it had to pass away. There's no way that that that June's sister died a couple of days ago. There's then now that now they can read the will. Before then, they couldn't read the will. It it wasn't in force. A will is only in force when someone dies. Amen. Well, somebody died to give us this will and I've opened it up. And when you open it up, you're reading what your father, Come on, somebody. You're reading what your father has given you already. He knew you would need it and he already put it in the will. All things. All things he give us. We can overcome all things through Christ who strengthened us. Why? He died to give us the will. Amen. So that we can read this will. It's an open. It's unsealed. The seals have been open. And we can see more than we've ever been able to see before. We can actually see into the mind of God and know exactly what he was thinking about before the world began. Some people had to wait till he wrote it down on a piece of paper to understand what come on. But we did not. You say, "Well, you're doing away with the Bible." No. I'm trying to get us to become the Bible. Amen. Become that written part. That's right. Jesus Christ stepped right out of the Old Testament and lived what the Old Testament said. You and I step out of the New Testament and live what the New Testament tells us to do and the Old Testament. All right, everybody with me? To the praise of the glory of his grace. Not ours. We have none. We have zero grace except from him. wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved. He's accepted us. He said, "I'm pleased to dwell in you at the new birth." Now, he didn't say, "Here ye him." He said, "I'm pleased to dwell in you. I want you now to be where I can say that. This is my beloved son in whom I'm pleased to dwell. Hear ye him." In other words, if you're going to get it, this is who you're going to get it from. And listen, it's not a one-man show. After Brother Ram left the scene, the prophet of God left the scene. It quit being a one-man show. And even during his time, he didn't make everybody quit preaching. Come on, somebody. Amen. No, everybody preached. Brother Brown said, "Go listen to this one. Go listen to that one. Go listen to this one." He wasn't saying, "Oh, don't listen." He said, "Listen, don't listen to the false teachers." Amen. Now they're trying to do away with the five-fold ministry. I was listening to brother Donnie Reagan yesterday and he said, "You know, I've looked in the message all in the message and William, Mary, and Brandham never said press play." He said, "But now there's a brand that says press play." Think about that. So, Revelations 13:8, I'm telling you, pressing play will not get you adopted and get you to where God can use you like it will. I'm sorry. This is the way you chose it. I don't say you, but your an our ancestors chose this. Remember, children of Israel, God said, "Bring them back to this mountain. I'll speak to them." When they got back to the mountain, what happened? The people said, "No, we don't want God to speak to us. You, Moses, Moses, you go up there and get it all for us and bring it back and we'll believe everything he says." Well, they lied. I wish we could get people to believe and see that this is the way God wanted it done. If this is the way God wanted it done, let's get into it. That's our position. That's our place. That's our placing. All right. We'll get to that in just a second. Revelations 13:8. All that dwell upon the earth shall worship him whose names, who we talking about, the beast. whose names are not written in the book of life of the lamb when slain from the foundation of the world. If man man any man have an ear let him hear. So to begin this thing we got to see that the fornowledge of God is going to give him the opportunity listen to me give him the opportunity to know a group of people before they even come on the face of the earth. Now since you and I are are finite. All right, that means now what does finite mean? Finite means that you cannot know what's going to happen five minutes from now. You can guess. You can try to get close. But God knew what was going to happen before this ever even existed. Omnipotent, omnipresent, omnisient. He's all those things. He's all knowing. He's infinite. So being infinite, he knew exactly how many children was going to accept him. And therefore he could take them, take their picture, put them in a place. Come on. Put them in a place which was not over here somewhere. It was in him. In him was where we were. We weren't in an album sitting somewhere in heaven. Now remember, brother R said there is an album. Well, that album is what? It's inside of him and now it's being developed right here. But remember, if you could see by spiritual eye, every one of your names are right here. Isn't this the lamb's book of life? Now, we're looking at the eternal section. Now, there's this is the lamb's book of life. It talks about Judas. It talks about all the sinners and different ones. But in here, in the part that you see that's eternal, that's where your name is. That's the name that I want in this book. I don't care to have it in man's book. I don't want to have it in just the book of life. The book of life is you're going to be judged. If I'm in the lamb's book of life, hallelujah, I've already been judged. I don't have to go to the white throne judgment. Why would we have to go twice? You say, "Well, I can't do that." You just stopped yourself right there. You just stop. You become an unbeliever when you say that. Don't ever say, "I can't." Don't ever. Because if you're a child of God, everything is laying at your feet. Everything. I'm not going to read it today, but later on, Brother R said, everything you needed for your journey, you got when you were born again. Now, remember each and every one of you by type as a human being, all of you brothers and sisters that's grown up and had kids, you understand what I'm saying? You had no new parts when you were born. You didn't grow a new part. You just grew. You developed here and here, but you had every part you needed when you started your journey. Amen. You might need you might have not had teeth, but they were inside your head somewhere. They didn't have to give you false ones like we like they do us now. So, it grew right inside of you. Why? So, everything you've got in type then by your new birth, everything you got, you may not be able to see it because if you desire the sensial, I just caught that. If you desire the sincere milk of the word, you've got teeth. They just hadn't shown up yet. Amen. You got hair. It just hadn't shown up yet. Now, some of us, Brother Joe and myself, is heading in the back the other direction. But that's okay. God knew wherever one of them was. Yes, sir. He marked them and you're going to get them right back. But it just hadn't fully developed yet. You haven't fully developed as a Christian. We He's coming back for a fully developed group of people and he gave us provisions to make it. How in the world would God that knew everything would get you in a part of your journey and then say, "I don't think he's going to make it." He knows whether you make it or not. And he put everything you needed, all of your vitamins and nutrition, he gave it to you at the new birth. Now, does that mean you're adopted? No. Cuz when you were born a baby, you weren't a full- grown child. You had to develop over the years. We've had what, brother Brown's been gone almost 70 years. We've had to develop from children that was dos and don'ts and you know, you dress this long and don't cut your hair and this happened. That happened, this happened. Don't wear sleeves, wear sleeves. Don't wear wedding band. Wear wedding. But it was a journey we had to go through. Right? We had to go through that journey. But we're here now where what God commands all of us to grow up. And being being that he forneew a group of people, we're going to read it here. He knew somebody would do it. You've just got to look in your mirror and say, "He's talking about me. He saw me come to this place." Oh, no. I'm waiting for God's waiting on you. He's not waiting on your husband or your sons or your daughters or your pastor. God's waiting on you to come to a place. He's waiting on you to get your what? Your full allotment of what God saw you. God saw some that wouldn't didn't want it. It was just like the ones that went over fall into the promised land come right back over here. We'll read in just a second. And that's a wonderful type of what's going on now. Romans 8:29, for whom he did forno. Now, that word forno in the Bible means awareness of something before it happens or even exists. Now, we can't do that. So, it has to be God. Everybody with me? So, who's that? He that he is God. for whom he did forno or have fornowledge of or have an awareness. And it wasn't that God just had a thought. His thoughts are eternal. Remember, every time he has a thought, it's eternal. And it has to be made known. It can't be changed. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate. What does predestinate mean? Predetermined destiny. Now, if you look at that one word, just as predetermined or predestination, because it says right here, we're predestinated to be conformed to the image of his son. Predestinated when? Before the foundation of the world. And that word does mean predestination or pre-determined destiny. All right. But now it's not like God said, "All right, I'm going to make Sister Emma do XYZ, and she can't do nothing else. Sister Emma Senior, I'm sorry, not Junior. He's not going to take you and say, "All right, this is the way I'm going to do you, and I'm going to," like Brother Ram said, he's not going to put you in a tube and pull you through and say, "This is the way I want you." No, he's not going to say, "Well, now Brother Collie, I'm going to pick him, but I'm not going to pick Sister Charlotte." No, there ain't no picking to that. He already knows. You're the one that's going to have to talk about it. You're the one that's going to have to talk to God and say, "Hey, God, please. Hey, me. This is me. This is me. You forneew me." You know how I know you forneew me? Because you're in me. I feel that part in me. I know that I'm predetermined. But my predetermined destiny is because God saw what you would do because you're a free moral agent. You can accept or reject anything. Amen. He's looking back, you know, he's talking about the popes, you know, brother Bam even tells us that uh Pope Augustine of Hippo that the Holy Ghost tried to come upon him and he and he rejected it. Now, how many people do you think in the world that's happened to? I hope it's happened to none of us because when you turn the word down like that, there's nothing else for you. Amen. But if you didn't turn it down, praise God. If you didn't turn it down, you're a son and daughter of God and you get all the things that he had and has and will have for whom he did for know. So by for knowledge, so knowledge beforehand. So before So before predestination, everybody with me here before predestination. Because if you look at predestination, that does mean God pulled you through a tube and said this, you're going to be a preacher or you're going to be a or you're going to be a No, he forneew and saw your He saw your whole life from beginning to end. He saw you, your life, and what you would do. Hey, I'm going to present the will right here. What are you going to do about it? Oh, I'll take it. It's mine. He's gonna He's going to see a little lady called Hattie It Right. Didn't have any money. Had a sister that was all messed up physically. He saw her down in time. He saw her say, "That ain't nothing but the truth." Well, listen. God can't change his mind. Amen. So there's no way if he ever loved you, he'll never unlove you. If he saw you accept him, he'll never say, "No, I don't want them." No, I don't want them. I don't want them. No. If he saw you give everything you had, God forgive me of all my sins. I'm laying them right here. I'm laying them on the altar. I'm just exposing myself. He said, "That's my child. I saw you do that before the foundation of the world. Amen. I saw a quote not too long ago. When we get to heaven, God's not going to look at us and say, "Why'd it take you so long?" He knew. He knew how long. You know what he's going to say? Enter into the joy of the Lord. That was prepared for you before the foundation of the world. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. We make God so limited in our finite mind. We make him so limited that he just can't think that. Yeah, he thought that. You know why? Cuz right here. For whom? Whom? Whom? He God did forno. He also did predestinate to be conformed what? To the will. Yes. Conformed to the will of God, conformed to the image of his son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Talking about Jesus Christ. Now watch. Moreover, whom he did predestinate. All right. Now look, watch because remember, we'll read it in a minute. Brother Ram said predestination looks back to fornowledge. If it don't look back to fornowledge, then he did predetermine everything. And there's no other way it can go but this way. But by fornowledge, he can predestinate. The footsteps of the righteous are what? Ordered of the Lord. He already put his order in before the foundation of the world. Before you even got here, he put your order in. Cuz he saw what you do when you came here. He saw you would respond or not respond. He saw you would change and ask God to change your life or be so hardcrusted that there's no way. I believe God gave Adolf Hitler a chance to be saved. If he listen folks, if he gave Cain an opportunity and listen, it wasn't through a preacher either or a prophet. God went down and said, "Cain, if you'll do like your brother, you'll be accepted." But if not, sin lies at your door. We were Sister Julie and I were talking about Cain. Why did God put a mark on Cain? Why'd he put a mark on Cain, which is the mark of the thief? You know why he put a mark on Cain? Not what Cain did even to kill his brother or to bring fruit. The Bible said, he left the presence of God. Amen. That's right. When you leave the presence of God, that is the mark of the beast. Amen. Amen. Right. Mark of the beast is not anything else but you leaving God. Amen. You've left him. And listen, Cain didn't go back either. Amen. Kane purposed to leave. He didn't want to be around that man that was telling him what to do. God. Amen. Amen. And then the reason, as we were talking yesterday, the reason, you know, remember God said, I'm going to put a mark on Cain. Don't kill nobody. Kill him. Why? because his purpose had to be made. He had there had to be a lineage of Cain that was artificers that made wood and and that made stone and all those different things. But remember, they were contrary to God all the way through. Now remember, it's not a natural lineage. But that lineage started somewhere because the mind of Cain was the mind of the devil. Amen. And when he left, that's exactly what the mark of the beast is. It's you having the mind of Satan and not letting the mind of God in and saying, "I don't want that." That's exactly what Cain did. That's right. He went out from the presence of the Lord. Don't ever leave the presence of the Lord. Always try to be around. Be aware. Moreover, whom he did predestinate them, he called. Now, why would he call you if he already knew what he was going to do? Everybody with me? It's a little bit off adoption, but it's okay. We got new people here. Okay, everybody with me? Okay, we got to get to adoption. But until we understand where we came from and what we're doing here, well, I just one day just I just God surprised me out in a closet one day and just No. Remember, you don't call on God. God calls on you. That's right because you have to respond according to the fornowledge that he saw what you would do. So he predetermined that right here is where I'm going to meet you. He's going to Adolf Hitler is going to go to the white throne judgment. God is going to say, "This day right here is a day I came to you to give you eternal life and you rejected it." If he don't, he's a respector of persons, folks. Amen. Because somebody at the day of judgment, if they make if if if God said, "Now, I'm going to make Aaron Roberts. He's going he's going I'm going to make him be my child. I'm going to put something special in him from his baby birth." Everybody with me? And and and then I'm going to just take care of him. I'm just going to put a like Job. I'm going to put a hedge around him and I'm going to let nothing touch him. and he's just going to fly off into eternity. And then Joe then John Jones from the street, he comes walking up and God says, "Get out of here. I didn't even think of you. This is my child right here." See, that's a respector of persons. But when everybody is put on the same level, that's right. If you ever reject God, he's going to have to show you being a righteous judge. Every person in the world, he's going to have to say, "Right here, this day, you rejected me." St. Augustine a hippo, you could have been a born again believer, but right here, you turn me down. That's the fornowledge of God knowing that you would turn it down or that you would accept it. Amen. And when you accept it, you are predetermined then, but you were pred predetermined in the mind of God before the foundation of the world. Everybody with me? Have I lost anybody yet? Are we good? Because what is fornowledge? Remember, it's the awareness of something before it happens. I wish we could h and listen, we do get a little bit of that insight. Come on. Don't you get that little tug or something says don't go down that road or this tug that says don't do this or this tug that says do this or this tug that says get out of the way. Those that are of God are led by the what? Spirit of God. Listen every once in a while. Moreover, whom he did predestinate them, he also called. So look, he called. Now remember when he did he didn't say them he also picked. Picking is not fornowledge. That's predetermined that you're going to be this or that or the other. No. Them he also called. He made the call. You responded one way or the other. Amen. And whom he called. Now watch. whom he called them. He also justified group of people and whom he justified, not you. There's a lot of people going to stand at the white throne judgment and going to try to justify what you did. Remember book of Revelations, what was the book open? The book of life was open. And what did it say? They were judged by the things that they done, their works. God don't ever let me be judged by my works. The reason I'm in the eternal section is I took his works. He took me to Calvary inside of him. I don't have to go there anymore. He went to hell with me. I don't have to go there anymore either. Amen. He said, "Where'd he do that?" Well, remember when he died, he went to preach to the souls in prison. He went to hell. got the keys. Well, where were you? You were in that theophony. You were his children. You were his progyny. You were inside of him. All right. Is everybody with me? Now watch those he justified. He's going to glorify you. If you justify yourself, you'll never be glorified. Adoption series. Brother Adamson. Watch. What was the salvation he was trying to tell them? Predestinated before the foundation of the earth. Is that right? To the adoption of sons. We just read that he predestinated us to adoption. Not everybody's going to get there. He predetermined a group that is going to get there because he saw them by fornowledge. Is everybody okay with that? God didn't decide this all by himself. No, he saw what you do. Then he made a decision for knowledge to know what you did. Then down here predetermine what you did because of what he saw you already do. We can't fathom that because we don't even know what's going to happen five minutes from now. One minute from now, but he had this thing all the way out. Now after you come into eternal life, that means you didn't have it at one time. Now you got it. Now, after you come into eternal life, after you've been saved, sanctified, filled with the Holy Spirit, you're sons and daughters of God. Is everybody with me? Now, God wanting to place you positionally, place you. See, he doesn't want to just He's going to save you, sanctify you, fill you with the Holy Ghost. And then, see, this church believes in and then. Amen. We believe in going on further with God. We don't want to just go in the promised land and come back out and we're satisfied where we at. We want to keep going on. We want to keep fighting. We want to be that group that keeps taking over the land. Amen. Your sons now God wanting to place you positionally. Oh, that now watch so that you can work for the kingdom and his glory. That's why he wants to position. He positionally place you. He wants you to work for the kingdom of God. Remember power apart from character satanic. And I read that quote where brother said we become a stumble block or a stumbling block to a to a new Christian. If you're if you've been sitting here for 30 years, I'm sorry. If you've been sitting here for 30 years and then a new Christian comes in and you start acting like one that was just act like that guy that just came in, there's an issue there. Your growth's been stunted. You have been eating the wrong food. You've been eating on the garbage of the world. You've been watching all the movies out there and the YouTube. I guarantee you, some of y'all sitting here sleep, you wouldn't fall asleep if you had a good movie on Right. Would you? I mean, a good one, Daniel. A good Yeah. No, you were misleading. A good movie. Good to have brother Dan Star Trek. Oh, I'm sorry. Which one? Three, four. I'm just all human. But it's what your desire is and where your desire comes from. It's inside here. Okay. We know Satan's playing with your head. He's trying to get you to go to sleep. He's trying to make you comfortable. But fight it. At least try to fight it. I mean, really try to fight it. If you want to whack yourself upside the head, that's fine. If you don't, I'll get the deacons to do it for you and somebody will do it. I'll get a sister to do it. That way you can't get mad at her. Praise the Lord. Listen to this. Predestination looks back to fornowledge. Now watch what he's saying. Now watch. He brings election in. Now remember what is election? Election is there's votes being cast. Amen. That's why it's called an election. All right. If if I run for an office and and brother Ryan runs for the same office, whoever gets the most votes wins the election. All right? So, you got two forces. You got God and you got the devil. Amen. God always voted for you. Satan always votes against you. So, how you going to get a two to one vote to win the election? It's left up to you. Your vote counts. I don't care about out there. I'm talking about in here. Your vote counts out there, but it also counts in here. Election, now watch. Election though looks back. Election has to look back. Everything had to start from fornowledge. He knew you'd vote for God or he knew you'd vote for the devil. Therefore, he predetermined what your destiny would be. Just as simple as it ever. I mean, predestination can can look bad, but if you'll just look at it by fornowledge. Those he forneew he did predestinate. Now watch. So election looks back to fornowledge. And predestination looks to your destiny. You're living your destiny right now. Amen. But by for for knowledge, God knew what it would be. Listen, this is what I believe. I'm not saying anything about this church or or the people here. I'm just saying God give you an opportunity to come to a good church. Amen. God give you an opportunity to listen to the true word of God. Amen. He gave you opportunity. What are you going to do? Are we going to sleep through it? Are we going to go to Walmart instead of go to church? What are we going to do? Right. That's nothing to me, folks. I'm telling you. It ain't me. It's the word that comes forth out of my mouth is what you got to listen to. I hope I'm living up to I live up to it. I'm praying I live up to it. But you don't put everything on your pastor. Even the deacons, we'll fail you. Brother Ram even said that. He said, "Don't look at me. I'll fail you." But God will never fail you. And let me tell you something else. The word of God will never change. It's supposed to change you. The word never changes, but the word will change you. It has changing power, not to change itself, but to change you. Amen. Listen, something there's a fire has to go inside your soul that wants the word so bad. That you can't wait, as brother Ram said, for those doors to open. You can't wait to get in here to say, "What do you got for me today, Dad? What do you got for me today, Father?" Yes, sir. Ain't there just places though that you like to be and then there's places you don't like to be, right? Why? Because it either fits your fancy or you can watch Star Trek. That was that was one of my favorite. But anyway, we're all human beings. But now watch, let's continue on. We'll get done here in a minute. Don't forget that that election looks back here. Here it is. Now watch what he's going to say. Now, brother Brandham, what were you born? William Brandham, the prophet of God. God sent in the end time. According to Malachi 4, he sent us a vindicated prophet. That's why we're sitting here today. Now, Brother Adam, you were just perfect. You were not born in sin. You were a wheat to be born. You did everything right. Your parents never whipped you. Oh my word. Right. Oh, he brother Brandham, he always went to church. No, he did not. He told lies. Hold on to your seat. He tried to commit suicide twice. He would have been a murderer if God would have let those bullets go off. He was going to kill. He had an Irish temper. Praise the Lord. father and mother and all my whole family sinners. I was a cuckle bear. But all of a sudden, if you'll read his testimony out there, wherever it was, in the pig pen or on the rail tracks or somewhere, God met him and changed him into a what? A wheat germ or a wheat grain. But all of a sudden, I became a wheat grain. How did it happen? What is that election? God before the foundation of the world elected. Hold on a minute. Elected. There there was going to be a transformation. A transformation. There's a big difference in a cocoa bar and a wheat. You can eat wheat. Try to eat a cocoa bar. A cocka bar will stick you and if you if you can't find it, it'll keep sticking you. When you do find it, one of them legs will fall off and it'll keep sticking you. That's our nature. That's our stickiness. But a wheat plant just does what? A wheat plant just grows and it just what, brother Bam said, it just waves in the wind. And what happens is they take it and crush it and grind it and make food, make bread. What is it? Election. God before the foundation of the world elected that the cuckabar was to become a grain of wheat. Now I know I'm a grain of wheat. Because what? Because I'm saved. How did I do it? Look back and see that he predestinated it long time ago. By fornowledge. He seen that I would love him by fornowledge. Not by predestination. By forn knowledge he saw he God seeing that I William Brandham I way Dale put your name in there would love him. So he made a perpetuation through his own son that through him I might become from a cuckabar to a grain of wheat. That's the transforming power of God to me. That's redemption. Redemption is what? Not replacement. He didn't say he replaced me. He said he transformed me. transformed by the renewing of my mind. What? Look at Paul. Paul was a church age messenger. Paul was a prophet. Paul wrote 80% of the New Testament. He spent almost half his life persecuting Christians. Half his life, not a season, half his life. He said, "Give me the papers. I'll put him in jail." He was so bad till the guy that God showed to pray for him and nice said now Lord are you sure I mean that brother Aaron now he's pretty rough you sure you want me to go lay hands on him he's been persecuting us for 30 years you know what God said he said go on down there he said you'll find a changed man you'll find a man that's blind can't see where he's going. He's probably been praying for three days cuz he was a praying person. He was a Pharisee of the Pharisees. Amen. He did all those things. He wasn't a ranked sinner. Sure. Sure, he was a sinner, but he wasn't a ranked sinner as far as, you know, a drunk or something. No, he was. He thought he was doing the work of God. That's right. You and I can't even give that. I knew I wasn't doing the work of God. Amen. Now maybe the children of wrath but not the work of God when I was a when I was not a Christian when I was a cucker. You know what? I acted like one cuz I look like one. I had the nature of a cucker inside of me. Hello somebody. So now that you have the nature of a wheat germ, you have changed. I'm saved. I'm walking in the grace of God. What does predestination look to destiny? All right. Now, watch. Where will he take me to? And where am I going? That's got you. There you are. God saw. And you know what? Now, by predestination that you and I can read this right here, and we know where we're going now. I don't know every little intricate detail of my future, but I know I got one and it's not of this world. You got one. It's not of this world. We don't know what's going to happen tomorrow, the next day. But we know, as we said before, everybody's wanting to preach on the pope, you know, coming out of the United States and want to all that's a sign. That's a signpost on the side of the road telling you, "Beware. Be careful. Watch the turns. Watch the four-way stop. Watch this." But it's not the car. It's not the car. This is the car. You're in the right car on the right road. There's just warning signs to tell you be careful. That sign's not going to get you to heaven. That sign's not going to get you to your destination. It will help you cuz signs follow believers. We understand that. But don't depend on all the I'm just going to say it. People have depended on for years. the things that Brother Brandham in the 50s and 60s, the things he prophesied, they're waiting on it to come to pass and then maybe they'll start believing. Come on, you know as well as I do. People are sign seekers. A wicked and a Jesus said this. He's the greatest preacher that ever was, right? Jesus said, "A wicked and perverse generation seeks after a sign." All we got to do is believe it. I believe when brother Brown said it in the 50s that there was going to pop come out of the United States. I didn't have to physically see it. But now that it's here, I know that's a sign that I'm getting closer to my destination. But I'm on the right road. That sign is not down a denominational road. It's not down a Presbyterian, Baptist, Methodist. It's not down there road cuz that road's not going to lead where this road leads. Oh, come on, somebody. We're on the right road. We got the right vehicle. We got the signs. We know where we're going. We don't have to absolutely. We don't have to say, "Oh, what's going to happen next?" We know what's going to happen next. Yes, sir. Amen. We know church and state's coming together. We know religion and and and politics are coming together. We know that. Yeah, we didn't know it had names on it of Leo and Trump and all the different ones. What about Pope Leo? Brother Bram said, "What? Comes in like a lamb, goes out like a lion, Leo." Now, see, we see those signs. So, we know by the sign that that's the right one. But just knowing that is not going to get us anywhere. Cuz remember, do you do you pull up to Come on. We're going to be heading out in just a little while. We're going to be running down a road and speed limit 70. We going to be running 70 miles an hour and all of a sudden it's going to say, "Here's an exit." No, I don't know. That's not my exit. I know I'm on the right road. I know what my exit is. I know how far I got to go. Yes, sir. Because of God's GPS, God's positioning system. God's predestinated seed knows where we're going to end up at. Amen. So, he punched he punched it in the GPS before the foundation of the world. Cuz he knew that's what we would choose. That road right there. The world says, "Okay, we got a pope from the United States. Big deal. So what? It means nothing to them, but thank God we had a prophet 60 years ago, 70 years ago tell us there was going to be a pope out of the United States." Did y'all realize, like I said before, listen, they bet on everything, right? I mean, they bet on everything out in Vegas. He only had a one point. Boy, if we could have bet. Oh, if we could have put a hundred. Some of y'all are smiling. How do y'all know what that is? If we could have put a 100 on that line, he had a 1.3% chance of becoming the pope according to Las Vegas. 1.3. And if you'd have won betting $100, you'd have been a multi-millionaire. Oh, you're right. But we knew that was what was going to happen. But folks, let me ask you a question. Did it make you study more or become a better Christian just because the Pope came out of the United States? If it did, then you're a sign seeker. I wasn't waiting on a pope to come out of the United States. I'm waiting on the coming of the Lord. Amen. That's right. But that is a sign that says, "Hey, beware. You're getting close to your destination. You're getting close. We're there. We see prophecy not just being prophesied. We see it walking on the street." Okay. So, that gives us the opportunity to dig a little more. To push a little more. Don't do this, but go a little faster on this highway we're on. Not the highway out there. But praise God, the church positionally before the foundation of the world. Before the foundation of the world, sorry. When God in his labor, now watch. When God in his labor pain was bringing forth bringing forth you. When he flung the stars off, he was thinking about you. Listen, when he flung the moon off, brother Danny, if we didn't have the moon, we wouldn't have tides. We wouldn't have seasons. We would have all He did that for us. He even saw the conveniences that we would have that he would give us. Come on. If he can see everything, he knew it all. So the church positionally before the foundation of the world when God in his labor pain was bringing forth bringing forth you watch knowing what you would do all right for knowledge cuz you weren't here when he thought it physically. There was an actual time when you had a birthday. Some of these people had birthdays you know when you was born. Okay. Knowing what you would do, he positionally placed you into his own body to be a housewife, to be a farmer, to be a preacher, to be a prophet, to be this or to be that. He placed you positionally. Then when we have come out of the garlands of Egypt. Now what is Egypt? Egypt types the world. Well, we've come out of the garlic lands of Egypt through sanctification. What? Through the wilderness journey, baptized into the promised land. For the promise of God is the Holy Ghost. We talked about that the other day. Ephesians 4:30. Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed until the day of your redemption. When God having predestinated the church, now watch. He said, "And all the people, there will be millions times millions that'll walk very religious and be deceived." Amen. The only ones that will not be deceived will be those that have come over into the promised land. What? Baptism of the Holy Ghost. who before the foundation of the world had their names put on the lamb's book of life and has come over into the promised land and enjoying it. All right, everybody with me. Though many are called but few are chosen, the chosen was chosen at the beginning. Now, but we are predestinated to the adoption of the children of God by Jesus Christ. He's talking about placing a son today. The church has gone on for year after year after year. When we see God call a man out, one of his sons, and positionally places him and makes him his son and recognizes it before the public, we turn him down. Come on. He He put He put Jesus up on the Mount of Transfiguration. Right. Right. Here ye him. That was his adoption. Here ye him. Six months later, they hung him on a cross. Every time there's a God- called man comes on the scene, the devil gets involved and says, "Oh, he ain't nothing but this. He ain't that. He's got he's got these issues. He this he said this. It didn't come to pass. He did this. This when we going to not believe that anymore, believe God sent us somebody positionally places him, makes him his son, and recognizes it before the public. Then we turn that son down and say he's a divine healer or a holy ruler." Don't you see where the church? Oh, I don't know what the remedy is. I don't know how it'll ever get back to its place, but that's the way our attitudes are toward that person. If the if the ministry is of God, God will vindicate that ministry. If it isn't of God, then God will have nothing to do with it. That's what I put my confidence in. Read this and a couple more quotes. probably won't get to what we want to get to, but that's okay. How can you preach pred predestination for ordaining and setting or placing unless there's a sin atonement somewhere? See, all this to what we're talking about today, it all hinges on Calvary. It all hinges on somebody paying a price to bring us back to zero. Bring us back to where a clear slate. Everybody with me? It had to take a sin atonement to not just cover my sin, take them away. Amen. But if you're born again, man or woman, as soon as you make that mistake, God knows you're sorry for it. You can stand in the presence of President Roosevelt or anybody else, and say, "I'm wrong. God, forgive me for this thing." Why? That's where the blood atonement. You notice that sins, a sinner is a sinner. He does not commit sins. See, that's hard for some people to believe. A sinner only commits one sin, unbelief. Then he what? Manifest that unbelief by doing contrary to God. You and I are born again Christians. But we have sins in our spirit realm because we are still attached to that cuckar nature. Come on. The wheat just changed your soul. It didn't change your spirit realm. Amen. Greatest battle ever fought, not in your soul. Brother Ram said it was in your mind. Well, who's got access? Satan's got access. God's got access. Now watch though. But the church commits sin, does wrong, gets a wrong thought, wrong impression, makes scruples, wobbles like a little child walking, trying to learn how to walk. He just don't know how to walk good yet cuz he's a little boy. But we have a hand that reaches down. Praise God. Gets us and steadies us and says, "Make this step. Hold. Look at me. Make this step this way, son. Make this step this way, son." He doesn't pick us up and spank us because we make a mistake. He doesn't beat us to death because we're trying to walk. He loves us like we love our children. A real real daddy wouldn't whip his child when he's trying to walk. If he falls down on the floor, reach right down with a big strong hand and pick him up. Take both hands a hold of him. I can I can see God do that to us. Take those hands of grace and stand us up. Now, hold on a minute, though. If he's still standing you up and you're about 30 years in the gospel, he's fixing to turn you over his knee and do what he said he was going to do. That he was going to correct you. Amen. Amen. So there's stages. We all go through the stages. Reach right down with a big strong hand, pick him up, take both hands a hold of him, said, "This is the way you do it, son. Walk like this." That's the way God does his church. He reaches down and gets him in his arm, picks him up and says, "Walk like this, son. Here, don't don't say it like that. Talk it like this." Now, I don't care what the church says, what this says, what that says. You say it like this. Like this. Well, he's pointing to the Bible, I believe. Like this. Say it like this. My word preaches it. You stay right with it. Walk with it. All right. Walk with it. Stay right with it. Don't care what everybody else says. Stay right with it. Walk like this. This is the way you make your steps. This is the way you make your steps. Now, God, he was our savior. And we was talking about this the other day. I'm going to cover this just for a second. We accept him as our personal savior. Right? All right. Is everybody with me? And he nurtures us like little children. But now remember, he wants us to be a bride. He wants us to be a wife actually. And the wife knows exactly what the husband does. Now, praise God. It's not like all of us. Our spouses know what we are and how we act. Sister Alicia and like brother John, well, you might have to be with him for a couple months. So anyway, close together. You'll enjoy it. I know you will. But we've got to become a bride. Sure, he's our savior. Sure, he saved our soul. But we can't keep saying God saved our soul and sit down in a chair and just put a big lock around you and say, "I'm saved." If you got something inside of you, it's to it's to grow. It's something to grow. You may start that way. That's okay. Pick the child. Pick the child up. Sit it right here. Walk down through the aisle. Fall over. Pick him up. Walk down through the aisle. Fall over. But now when that kid's 30 years old, you ain't going to be over going here, son. It's been 30 years. I got some patience here. But you know, and he walks up to him, falls over. You laugh, but that's that's the same way with God. He don't want you to stay a baby. And you know what? He's not going to help you up at 30 years old. Oh, brother. No, he's going to let you suffer a little bit. But the tender hand of Jehovah knows exactly what to do with every one of us. All of our decisions we make, everything should be seasoned with God first because he's our bridegroom. Think of it. it. I think of God. Everything I think of God folds around how my personal experience is. Let me explain that. I once was a child. I was birthed by mom. All right? I needed help. I needed diapers. I needed somebody to feed me. Okay? So when you're a newborn babe in Christ, that's the same thing. The tender hand of God says, "I know you're a baby. I don't expect any more from you at this point." Amen. But get on up to 10 years old, 12 years old, 14 years old. Not anymore, son. What changed your position? You're not a baby anymore. Have you ever done something and and you know you your dad's helped you do this or your mama's helped you do this and then all of a sudden when you get to a certain age they're like I ain't helping you no more. Or or as my dad always say, "This one's on you. This one's on you." you know, we've come to I've helped you this far, but this one's on you, okay? You've you've used your you've used your last um pass card. Well, that's the way God is. Him being a perfect father, you come up to a certain place and you start acting this way. He knows you're going to start acting that way. So, he's standing right there and he gives you the formula of how to get through it and buy it. But we still go bye. As brother Brown said, there's something mentally wrong with you then. That's the same way in the gospel. There's people that decide to stay babies. Even though being born in the family, they decide to stay babies. I want to know my savior as my bridegroom. As a savior, you get something, but as a bridegroom, you get something else. As a fully mature wife, you get something else. That's where I want to be. I want something else from God. I'm not satisfied where I'm at. You shouldn't be satisfied with where you're at. It's wonderful to have a savior. It's wonderful to be young and and come to church and man, everything is good and and then, you know, 10 years later, you know, you've been through the hardships of life and and you wonder where God went. He's child training you. He's training you to be an adult. Amen. And when God trains you to be an adult, he knows exactly what to say in every situation you're in. I can miss it. Brother Donnie can miss all of us parents. We do try to do the best we can, but we're human beings. We want something to turn out this way and this way and this way and this way. But kid may have a different attitude. Well, see, we do too. But God knows though that he'll take you through when he when he when he finds you over here on the other end of that problem you're in. He's standing there waiting on you. Sometimes we want to just, you know, keep kicking on him. But I want to be I want to know my savior as my bridegroom cuz let me just be plain. As my savior, he gives me everything I need. All right? But when he comes over here, it's an intimate relationship. A bride and a bridegroom is an intimate relationship that you enter into that you only know each other. You start knowing each other's desires and wants and all those. That's what I want. I don't want him to treat me like a kid. I want him to treat me like a an adult, a bride. Bridegroom, bride, bride, groom. Everybody with me? That's what I want and that's what you should want. Thank God he saved our soul. Amen. But remember one thing, Christ is never going to get back on the cross to save you again. Amen. The Bible tells us, see, let's go to scripture now. The Bible tells us he died once for all. Amen. Once for all. So you don't have to go back to the foot of Calvary and look and see a man on Calvary. Come on, somebody. We see an empty cross just like we see an empty tomb as a lot of people, you know, a lot of um I think brother Ram even said it that they can't get Christ off the off the cross. Oh yeah, he died for me and he's my savior. But I want that man to get inside of me. I want to get to know him more. You know why? You know, all right, let's be plain just for a second, then we'll close. Sister Jun and I have been married 46 years coming up in October. Now, when we first got married, it was a love affair, but it had its problems cuz I didn't fully know, you know, when you met him on Saturday night or or Friday or spent a little time with him, Brother John, you went back home. Now you're stuck with them. Maybe it'll wake us up a little bit, but now you're stuck with them. And like I said before, you know, when little John, that's what I'd look like going on a date. The man's got some pizzazz. Okay. But you know what though? You you get married and I hope God gives you a wonderful wife, but you ain't going to look like that all time. Sorry, dude. And your wife's not either. You going to wake up one day and you're going to go. Why? Because you become more intimate. What I'm trying to say is that's human beings. That's two lives being brought together. But remember, they're both imperfect. Amen. But when we enter into a relationship with Jesus Christ, he's perfect. We're not. But he looks at us like we are. Even though we have messy hair. Oh, morning breath. Oh, not it's okay, baby. I'm leaving soon as it's over with and I'm going to Kentucky. So, but do you understand what I'm saying? Because uh when you try to just get try to know somebody, it's two imperfect people trying to get to know each other. And that mean you live with them when they smell good and bad. their hair's fixed and not the clothes are all man. You don't go out on a date looking like you just got up. But when your wife wants you to do something in the morning, you get up like you just woke up. But you know what? She loves me anyway. Praise God. God loves me anyway. Cuz what does he look at? He's looking at your heart. He's looking at your heart. He's not worried about your flesh. Come on, somebody. He's worried about your heart. He wants your heart. And heart is where the love is. And that's why we've been married 46 years. We've been through some rough times. Good times, bad times. Her sister died the other day. And when people die, you always get out the old pictures. So, we got out the easy. They're they're not as old as her mother pictures. Some of them pictures are dark colored, you know, black and white, you know, didn't have no color. They were in the 40s and the 30s, 20s of her mother when she was a young lady. But then she started pulling out the pictures of her When I remember when we first started dating, I got excited all over again. You know why? Cuz I love her. I love her. I don't care if her if her if her eyes are baggy now. We can fix that. If not, I'm trying. I'm trying. I'm trying to do this so I can get out that way. But come on. Is that the way with God? He He's just He wants to have an intimate relationship with you, but he's not going to pick you apart. I hope you see that. He's not going to pick you apart. He's going to say, "Hey, I love you. I give you something to look at. I don't care. I don't care that the inadequacies that we have. He does not care. If you're born again of the spirit of God and you have God inside your soul, you're just as eternal as God is. You're that 18-year-old girl that we were looking at the pictures of. And I'm like, "Oh man, wow." Well, you know what? If I can do that in my finite mind, I'm closed. Come on, musicians. If I can do that in my finite mind, what can God do with an infinite mind? Yeah, we're going to sing a song though before we take communion. Come on, let's I think we need to we need to sing a song before we then we'll take communion. Not just rush right in. But what about a God that knows everything? Does not look at our inadequacies. He says, "You're my bride. I will have no other. There's no one else I'm looking at. There's no one else I want. There's people going to be given eternal life." Absolutely. Okay. There's going to be a foolish virgin. There's going to be people that give eternal life for being good to you. But you know what? You're his bride. So, you're connected to him. They're not connected to him. They don't go home with him. Oh, come on, somebody. They don't go to the future home with Jesus Christ. They'll have to live. Sure, they'll get eternal life. Sure, they may live outside the city. But you are the one God's looking for. You are the one God's looking at. You're the one that he's building a city by your desire. He wrote this by your desire because this is his will and we can we know, listen, we need healing. God knew we need healing. He put it in the atonement. God knew we need salvation. He put in the atonement. But he also knew that we would come to a place to where, and I was trying to get to today, but maybe next week or so, where now he gives us a checkbook that doesn't have his name on it. Now, here we go again. When June and I first got married, I did all the checkbook. I did all that cuz I was the, you know, the I was the entrepreneur. I knew the three boxes in, out, and what's left over, you know. Well, June missed one of those one time. I let her try to do the And she still does them now. And let me just give you a word of advice. You don't know what's going to happen tomorrow. Don't keep secrets from your wife. Don't keep secrets from your husband. I know some of you think you got your money and she's got hers, but I think that's absolutely pathetic. pathetic that you have to do that. This is mine. You can't have mine. This is mine. I I I worked for this. You two are one is what the Bible says. The Bible says you two are one, not my opinion. Well, this is my money. I'll spend any way I want to. That's garbage. I hope you never say that in front of me cuz I got an issue with that. But there was a time though. I let her handle the checkbook. Well, she forgot one of them three boxes and we had some overdrafts and there's fees included in that. I didn't divorce her. Some might have. That's probably the only two bad checks we ever had in our life. Ain't that right during that season? Okay. She may know more. I'm trying to make this a little bit easier here. But remember, this is my this is my whole point. I didn't say, "Well, bless God, you can't do this no more. I'm going to sign all the checks. You just write it to who it needs to go to." No, she still has the check. I I probably hadn't written a check in forever. Of course, we don't now in this day and age, but we do try to do some. But her name now is as good on the checkbook as mine. I don't have to sign Wade Dale and hand her all the check, you know, sign. Well, bless God here. You got to this is, you know, no, I give her a blank checkbook. Checks need to be written. She writes a check. That's the same way God is. Let's stand to our feet. That's the same way God is. He comes to trust you. Listen, with his economy, with his econ, God has an economy. You know, you know God has governments. The Bible says the government will be on his shoulder. There's going to be governance in the even in the millennium, even in the new home, there's going to be kings. Well, if there's a king, got to have something to rule over. Everybody with me? So, he set up his kingdom though perfect. We just got to mesh into that. But he knows though that we weren't born as a baby and we automatically got a checkbook. No, he gives us a check. He says, "I'm signing this. You write it. You write whatever you need. Healing, salvation, every you write. I've signed it. You fill it out and hand it to God. But there's going to be a time in the end time. I'm talking about close now where you're going to probably need, come on, a physical check that ain't got no money in the bank." And you have a need. How many of us have seen God work in our even in our finances? Oh, look. all over. I mean, worked in our finances. He is so Listen, he cares about you. He cares about you. So, he cares about every little aspect in your life. But there's a time though when we come into that spiritual realm to where he's going to give us the checkbook and he's going to say, "Whatever you want, you sign it when you need it." If you say to this mountain, he didn't say if you ask your pastor, he didn't say if you ask this. He said, if you say to this mountain, be moved and doubt not in your heart, what you signed a check. Move the mountain and a maringa. And you know what? God, brother said, God will take it. He said, can't bankrupt heaven. We got plenty of money for that. So don't worry about it. Doesn't matter how many you write. But listen, if you were a baby though and you started writing checks, you'd have some overdraft. But when you're a fully matured bride, you know what he wants. You know what he wants done with the word and you know what he wants even in your home personal life. Put God first. And we're going to come to this adoption to where our name is as good on a check as who? Jesus Christ. Let's sing a song. God bless you. Oh, count the cost. Take up your cross. Follow him. Sing it to him one more time. Oh, just take up your cross and follow Jesus. [Music] Take up your [Music] cross every day. What? Don't be ashamed of your bridegroom. You know him. We'll count the cost. Take up your cross and follow him. If you'll get ready for the communion, we'll start right here. Oh, just take up your cross and follow Jesus. Oh, take up your cross. Do it every day. Oh, it's a continual walk with God. Oh, don't be ashamed to say that you know him. Oh, count the cross. Take up your cross and follow him. Amen. Take up your cross and follow Jesus. You can be seated. We'll we'll go right into the communion. I just love that uh that we're all in a place that we can take communion. Yes. Yes. We'll do that right before we do um footwashing when we separate. Yeah. We'll pray over Brother John. We'll we'll pray when when we take footashing here before they go downstairs. We'll pray over the family and and give you a couple prayer cloths. Yes. But let's do this. Let's get the communion part going. Communion 1 Corinthians 11:23 or 34. Thank you so much for for being uh patient today. I didn't even get to what I wanted to get to, but that's okay. I think we did enough. We we just we just Paul told a group of people, he said, "Don't be babies anymore." He said, "I know you desire the sincere milk of the word. I know you were a baby." He said, "But now strong meat belongs to those who are of full age." So let's take communion. For I've received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. That the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread. And when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me." After the same manner also he took the cup, and when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the New Testament." New Testament. Amen. He's going to die to release that life to create a new testament. Amen. New testament in my blood. This do you as often as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do show the Lord's death till he comes. Wherefore whosoever shall eat of this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself, examine yourself, and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkkeeth unworthily eateth and drinkketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasened to the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. Wherefore, my brethren, when you come together to eat, tar one for another, and if any man hunger, let him eat at home, that you come not together into condemnation. And Paul said, the rest I'll set in order when I come. Let's take a few moments or seconds of of silent prayer. Clean the slate. Listen, you're never going to in your mind, you're never going to be worthy to take communion in your mind because your mind is going to say you did this. Brother Brown said, "Clean it up." Everybody with me? Clean it up. And if you can't clean it up right now, tell God, "I'm gonna take communion, but you better go make it right." We've got to quit. Listen, if you're a Christian, you'll you'll want to take communion. There's not a time that I have not. Now, there's times that if I judged myself, I judge myself unworthy, but I look at the body and blood of the Lord and sincerely ask him to forgive me. And the Bible says he's he's he's a good steward. He's willing to do that. But you got to ask him. And he knows your heart. He knows whether you do or not. So let's take a moment of of silent prayer and just ask God to clean your slate. Let's check up. Today is a checkup day where everything comes back to zero. Everything comes back to slate is clean. Everything's white. Everything's pure. Right now, let's bow our heads. Lord, may your blessings fall upon each person in this building. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Bible said he took bread and blessed it. Dear heavenly father, Lord, thank you for this bread. It's been made with holy hands the way it should be prepared. Lord, I pray that you would Lord sanctify it. Lord, it'll nourish our bodies and Lord be with us as the body of Christ comes together and partakes us in Jesus name. Amen. You know, the Bible there says not be condemned with the world. Do you know if you're if you're in Christ, you can't be condemned with the world. You've been called out. And when you've been called out, this world is going to, you know, we like I said before, we're some people I hope because I had the same thought. Listen, I had the same thought when I was growing up. I said, "When California sinks, I'll start going to church." Hello, somebody. H Well, when this happens, you know, I believe that Brother Brandon was a prophet and I believe his prophecy, but I ain't going to church. Well, that's just stupid. I don't know how any other way to say that because I was one that did it. And I can call myself stupid if I want to. Not y'all. God can. But that was I mean, if we're waiting on that, it's like the people hanging around the ark. Let's don't hang around the ark. Let's get in the ark. There's time to get in and sit down. Then God's going to shut the door. Dear heavenly father, Lord, I pray that you'd sanctify this wine, Lord, and the partakers. Father, let us remember as we hold this cup and Lord, we hold the bread in our hands, Father, that one day, Hallelujah, one day you did die at Calvary, that literal body of yours achd and pained for hours hanging on that cross just so that we can have freedom. That we can have joy unspeakable and full of glory. Let us remember just for this one moment, Lord, that that happened for me and each person says it happened for me. Father, just sanctify us now in Jesus name. Amen. You know, sometimes we have to do that. We have to we have to reset. We're human beings. I mean, what about a relationship? Think about this. As I was talking about me and June, we had a relationship where we had to say I'm sorry a lot, each of us, back and forth. But when you're in a relationship with Jesus Christ, there ain't but one person that's got to say, "I'm sorry." Cuz I realize my husband is perfect. Hello. I realize I realize I in my humanity am not, but Christ is. And if he's our bridegroom, brother Dy, he never has to say, "Oh, honey, I'm sorry I treated you that way." See, what a consolation we have. We have fights and troubles here because it's two. But when we rest in one, he's perfect. And we're trying our best to get attached to that, man. That makes the load a lot lighter. That's why he said, "Put everything on me. I'll take it. husband, I can't do this. He said, "Don't worry. I took care of it before the foundation of the world. It's all it's already over. I just wanted you to I just want you to realize it." See, that's a relationship. That's, as Brother Ryan says, that's a revelation. When you get a revelation of that, that's a revelation. Because you know what? Satan can't get a revelation. So, he can't have a revelation with Christ. But you and I can. You say, "Oh, the devil does this and the devil does that." There's one thing he can't do. He cannot get a revelation like I can. I can get a revelation and he has nothing nothing to do with it. He can beat you because remember what he say to Job. God said, "Have you considered my servant Job?" And first thing, so Satan was there sometime around Job because he said, "Uh, you got a hedge around him. Every time I try to do something, he's like, you know, you've got Michael the Archangel standing there, you know, and I can't do anything." Right? I said, "Well, that's okay. I'm going to show you that it ain't always the archangel that's got all the that's got all the power." I said, "Um, come over here, Michael, and stand here now. Go for it. you're going to see that that's my man. Job went through all the problems, but that was God's man. Or he would not have said, "Have you considered my servant, Job?" Amen. Have you considered my servant? He didn't say he didn't say I'm considering your servant, devil. He served you. No, he said, "Have you considered my servant Job?" Oh, yeah. You got a hedge around him. you you've you've uh you you got all kind of stuff, you know. You got a big tall tower and all kind of thick rock and all that stuff. I can't get to him. He said, "Okay, I'm going to I'm going to get rid of that and I'm going to show you that that's what's not keeping Job righteous. That's protecting Job. The righteousness comes from you and me. We are the righteous ones. by Christ, not ourselves, but by Christ. Because remember, Paul said, "It's not my own righteousness, but it's the righteousness of Jesus Christ." But now, who does he give it to? Who does he give that righteousness to? Me, you. He gives that to me and you. And I believe it's been said many times before, we are living below our privileges. Our husband wants to treat us perfect. We just got to let him do it. Let's take Thank you, Lord. as they're taking this up. Brother John, sister Alicia, kids, I'm sorry, young adults. All right. You leave him here with him. Yeah. All right. We're about finished here. We We're going to pray uh you pray uh with us that Brother John. Now, he's going to be in Australia, but he's found a church there that he can go to. I like that. I like that. You know, we do the same thing. We try our best to find a church close by. We just don't want to not go to church and he doesn't either. So, he's found him a place in Australia that's a good message believer. And then, of course, he'll be with brother Vernon in the Philippines. So, be in comfortable territory. And uh you girls enjoy yourself. You're very privileged to be able to travel like you travel. A lot of people not be able to travel like that. And u and there you are going to be right there with him. I tell you what, man. You You try to go I went two three weeks to Jamaica I mean to Philippines without June and I went back crazy. So, but I got over it. I said I got over being back crazy. Not over her. But let's pray that they have a safe trip, wonderful trip. They'll meet somebody they never met before. They'll get a revelation. They'll be able to what? they'll be able to give a light in that other country that may be somewhere restaurant or or somewhere like that. Meet somebody you never met before and that you'll be able to shine a light and they'll go, "Hey, where you from? Hey, what I build something a little different, a little special. So, let's bind together." Come on to heavenly father. Lord, our brother for his job, Lord, he has to go across the water, Lord, and go into a country that's not not his birth country, Father. Lord, it'll be a strange land, Father, there. We pray that you'll just be with him, Lord, and his family, Father. Just bind them close together, that nothing will happen to them, Lord, as they travel. All the baggage will get there on time and everything will come together, Lord. No, no accidents or or not even any sickness because we know when you go to a foreign country, as much as we try to be safe, there's always that chance of of getting sick. So, we we sure don't want them to get sick at all about anything. Father, just be with them. May the word of God wrap their arms around them and they wrap their arms around you, Lord. And I pray that you'd be with them, Lord. Give them safe journey, Lord, and be back here in a few months. I pray that you'd just give him strength, Lord. Maybe give them all a testimony that they can tell. Lord, when they get back, Father, I pray, Lord, that you'd just fill this void though that we have here, Lord. They're such a intricral part of the church, Father. I pray that you'd be with them, Lord. And Lord, just fill that void for a little while, Lord. And as they return, Father, back to their homeland, Father. And I pray, Lord, it will we'll give you all the honor and praise and the glory for everything, Lord. Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Love you, buddy. Appreciate you. gonna miss you. Get out of here. Separation anxiety. All right, let's read our uh footwashing. Uh John 13 27 through17 supper being ended, the devil having now put into the heart of Judas this cararat Simon's son to betray him. Jesus knowing that the father had given all things into his hands and he was come from God and he went to God. He rises from supper and laid aside his garment and took a towel and girded himself. After that he poured water into a basin and began to wash the disciples feet and to wipe them with a p towel wherewith he was girded. Then cometh he to Simon Peter and Peter said unto him, Lord, does thou wash my feet? No doubt in Peter's mind he's like, man, this guy walked on water. This guy's raised the dead. This guy's healed the sick by the thousands. He's multiplied fish and fed 5,000 at one time and several thousand at another time and he's getting in front of me one way. I don't want that to happen. That's that's not what I want to happen. That he just shouldn't have to do that. That's what Peter's saying. Do you wash my feet? Jesus answered and said, "What I do, thou knowest not now, but thou shalt know hereafter." Peter said unto him, "Thou shalt never, don't ever say never to Jesus, cuz he'll uh he'll make you pay for it. Thou shalt never wash my feet." Jesus answered and said, "Hey, look, if I wash thee not, you will have no part with me." How strong is that? Simon Peter said, "Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head." Jesus said unto him, "He that is washed," now he's talking about the natural part. "He that is washed, neither not saved to wash his feet, but is clean ever with, and you're clean, but not all." For he knew he should betray him, therefore he said, "You are not all clean." So after he had washed their feet, taken his garments, and sat down, he said unto them, "Know you what I've done to you?" Asked him a question. You call me Master and Lord, and you say, "Well, for so I am. If I then, your Lord and Master. If I, then, the head of the universe, the creator of all things, have washed your feet, you also ought to wash one another's feet. For I have given you an example that you should do as I have done to you. Verily, verily, I say unto you, the servant is not greater than his Lord, neither he that is sent, greater than he that sent him. If you know these things, what? Let's all say it together. Happy are ye if you do them. Let's bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we're heading into the second part of the service. I pray, Lord, that we've said something to help the people, Father, because it's all centered around the body of Christ now, Lord. It's not the signs and the different things. It's it's here. The intimate relationship that we have with you, Lord. Lord, just may it be more and more closer and closer, Lord. Be with us all. take care of us as we continue, Lord, and and leave and go our separate ways and come back, Brother Aaron, on Wednesday night, Lord. I pray that you'd be with him, be with our travels, Lord, as we continue on, Lord, and go take a few days off, Father. I pray that you'd bless us, Lord. Be with the ones that are sick. Be with the ones that are sin sick, Father, more than ever, Father, go to their heart and tug on their heartstring, Lord, and bring them back into the fold. Father, just bless us. Forgive us of our sins in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You're dismissed. Sisters, go downstairs. Be reverent.
