################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-21 - 25-0521 - Power over the man of sin - Luis Urrego - Luis Urrego.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-21
Title:   25-0521 - Power over the man of sin - Luis Urrego
Speaker: Luis Urrego
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hNQ7eC90xKs
========================================

Something something happened and now I know he touched me and made me whole. And since I met this blessed savior. Oh, and since he cleans and made me whole, can you praise him tonight? Oh, I shall never cease to praise him. And I will shout while eternity rose. Oh yes, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. And oh, the door that floods my soul because something something happened. And now I know he touched me and made me whole. Oh. Oh. And I was shackled by a heavy burden. And I was need a load of guilt and shame. But then the hand of [Music] Jesus touched me. And now I am no longer the same. Oh, if he's touched you, just praise him. Oh, he's touched me. Oh, he touched me. and oh the joy that floods my soul. Oh, because something something happened. Oh, and now now I know he judged me and made me whole. He paid a debt he did not owe. And I owed a debt I could not pay. And I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. It's amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could never pay. Oh, and he paid a debt at Calvary. He cleansed my soul and set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins erase. I now can sing a brand new song is amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could never pay. And one day he's coming back for me to live with him eternally. Won't it be glory to see him on that day? Now then we'll sing a brand new song is amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could never. Oh, let's sing that last verse again. Oh, and one day he's coming back for me to live with him eternally. Won't it be glory to see him on that day? And I then will sing a brand new song is amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could never pay. Hallelujah. So glad the debt's paid. I tell you, it's that day of Calvary. What a day that is. You can always drive that nail back on that day. take the devil back to what he did for us that day. Amen. Um, Brother Wade, would you come and lift up the offering this evening? I haven't used you in a while. So, [Music] [Music] Amen. You know, victory in Jesus the starts off saying, "I heard an old story." But I tell you, it becomes more real every time we just receive that renewing of the Holy Spirit and God quickens his word. It just becomes so alive to us. Amen. Oh, I heard an old story how a savior came from glory. how he gave his life on Calvary to save a rich like me. I heard about his groaning of his precious blood atone. Then I repented of my sins and won the victory. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeing blood. He loved me air. I knew him and all my love is to him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. And I heard about his healing of his cleansing power, revealing how he made the lame to walk again. And he caused the blind to see. And then I cried, "Dear Jesus, come and heal my broken spirit." And somehow Jesus came and brought to me the victory. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. Oh, he sold me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me and I knew him and all my love is to him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. And I heard about a mansion he hath built for me in glory. I heard about the streets of gold beyond the crystal sea about the angels singing and the origion story and some sweet day I'll sing up there the song of victory hallelujah the whole victory In Jesus my savior forever. Oh he salt me and his body with his redeeming blood. He loved me air. I knew him and all my love is through him. He plunged me to victory. Beneath the cleansing blood. All is victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me and I knew him and all my love is due him. He plunged me to victory. Beneath that cleansing flight. On top of Mount Zion is a city and the earth with glory. get through. I shall look on his beauty in the morning when I reach that city on the hill. Oh, that city of Mount Zion. Oh, a [Music] pilot still. I'm not leaving through the ages. When I reach that city on the hill, I'm invited to come home to that city. For the word says, whosoever will and I'll find there a mansion for me waiting. When I reach that city on the hill, oh that city of Mount Zion, no a pil yet I love it still. I'll not leave thee through the aes when I reach that city on the hill. Death will never molest me in that city. Never leave me lying cold and chill. And I'll enter to live up there forever. When I reach that city on the hill, oh that city of Mount Zion, full of yet I love thee still. I'll not be through the aes when I reach that city on the hill. So I'll stay here until my Savior calls me, trying daily to perform his will. Then he'll say unto me, well done up yonder. When I reach there, let's all stand this evening. Oh, that city of Mount Zion. Oh, a pilot bee still. I'll not leave through the aes when I reach that city on that hill. Oh, that city. Oh my Zion. Oh, yet I love it. Still I'm not leaving through the aes. I reach that city on the hill. Amen. Hallelujah. And you are that city. Amen. Right. You believe you're going to be a part of that city? If you do, just turn to one another and shake each other's hand. You know, I tell you, it's fellowship is such a wonderful thing. And well, we might as well just get used to each other and living with each other throughout eternity. Amen. Oh that city of Mount Zion of pil yet I love it still I'm not leaving through the aes when I reach that city on the hill. Oh, that city of Messiah. Though I feel grown, yet I love it. Still, I'll not be through the ages. When I reach that city on the hill, hallelujah. I tell you that city has followed us all these ages. It followed Abraham all through the scriptures. That city's a person is Jesus Christ. Amen. What a wonderful place to live in. Amen. Holy words long preserved for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart and words of life. Words of hope gives us strength and helps us go in this world. Wherever we roam, the word of God will guide us home. Word of God, ever true, change in me, change in you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God impart and holy words of our faith is handed down to this age came to us through sacrifice. Oh, heed the faithful words of Christ. Holy words long reserved for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God in part. Oh word of God, ever true is changing me, is changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God implore. Amen. Amen. They changed this up here and I don't know where the HDMI cable is. I don't know, brother Anderson is back there or not. Okay, hold on a second. I think that's Yeah. Okay. All right. All right. Lord bless you all. Amen. See? Praise the Lord. All right. Let's see if we can get this bigger. Okay. All right. God bless you all. Um, like I said, yeah, it seems like it's been forever since I've been here at this pulpit. So, uh, but it's good to be back. Amen. Hope you're happy to be in the house of God this this afternoon. Amen. Amen. And so, let's just go ahead and go to the Lord in prayer. Lord Jesus, we thank you, Father, once again, for the opportunity that we have to open back the pages of your word, Lord, realizing, Lord God, that they're not written by just a man, Father God, but they were inspired, Lord God, by the Holy Spirit, Lord Jesus, who is the author of your word, Lord God. And for man to pan these things down, Lord Jesus, as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. And Lord, we just thank you, Father God, for for the opportunity that we have that we can see these things in the scriptures, Lord God, and and we can see the time that we live in, Lord Jesus. Lord God, we ask that you would just help us, forgive us for our sins, cleanse us, Lord, from all unrighteousness, Lord, let us, Father, receive something from you, Father, that we can take with us, Father God, and most of all, apply it to our lives, Lord Jesus. Grant, Lord God, we commit every request into your hands this evening. We pray for every sick one, everyone that needs any help, Father God, whether physically, financially, spiritually, Lord God, you know, every need amongst us, Father God. And I'm so glad that you do, Lord Jesus, because with our feeble minds, Lord God, we we're we're not capable to retain everything, Lord God. But you do, Lord Jesus. And you are very mindful of every need. And so how we thank you that we serve a God like you, Father. Grant that Lord Jesus, we commit ourselves now into your hands and the rest of the service into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Wade, for the for the water. Amen. Well, we're going to go just directly to the word and uh I want to talk this evening about power over the man of sin. Amen. and uh power over the man of sin. And so we're going to turn to sec if you have your your Bibles. Um I'm like brother Chris Long. I also like to hear pages turned but [Laughter] uh but we got them here just for you in case you're not turning them. So 2 Thessalonians chapter 2:es 1-7. The Bible says here, "Now we beseech you, brethren," this is Paul speaking. And we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto him, that you be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit nor by word, nor by letter, as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand. How many believe that? Amen. And uh it says, "Let no man deceive you." That was very key. And uh let no man no man deceive you by any means which is the same thing that Paul's saying here that Jesus told him in Matthew 24. Um let no man deceive you by any means for that day that day shall not come except there come there come a falling away first. Right? There has to be a fallen away first and that and then and that man of sin be revealed what? The son of predition who opposeth and exaltth himself himself. Right? So this man of predition is self-centered. who ex who opposeth and exaltth himself above all above all that is called God or that is worshiped so that so that he as God siteth in the temple of God showing himself that he he is God. Amen. You may be seated. Praise the Lord. Verse 5 continues, "Remember ye not that when I was yet with you, I told you these things, and now you know what withholdeth, that he might be revealed in his time." Amen. For the mystery of iniquity, uh, what's that word there? Iniquity doth already work. And this was Paul speaking this in his time. So that mystery or that spirit was already working in in the midst of the church. Amen. Because this spirit that Paul is speaking about is a is a religious spirit. It's not it's not uh it's not the drunker out here in the ditch with flies on his in around his mouth. And it's not it's not the the the the prostitute in the corner of the street. Amen. who's who you know who who does what she does, right? But it it's a religious thing because Satan is religious, right? And and we all know this. This is all message 101. I'm not going to tell you anything tonight that that that uh you don't you haven't already heard or don't know, but I'll just remind you because sometimes we forget about these things. And I believe it's very very important, especially in the hour that we're living in. And now ye know what withholdeth that he might be revealed in his time. For the mystery of iniquity doth already work. Only he who now letth will let until he be taken out of the way. All right. So um I guess if I if I wanted to start tonight, let me just say that that uh I know that most of y'all probably were when you were reading this scripture, you probably were thinking about a pope, right? You probably was thinking that I was talking about uh a a certain man, but in reality, you know, you could put yourself in that scripture, right? Cuz as Paul, I believe he's talking he's talking about himself more or or or to you first, you the reader, and then you know it will transition into a a physical manifestation. Because let me tell you, this flesh, this spirit, amen, that we wrestle with day by day, it wants to act like God a against what God has placed in you. Amen. As the seed word, amen, that he's that that's inside of you. Amen. By the baptism of the Holy Ghost, it wants to take over you. Amen. It wants to take over what God you see in the beginning Adam and Eve when they came u in the garden of Eden. See they they they they knew they they they had control over over nature. They had they had they had power. Amen. Adam had full power over this earth and he had the knowledge of God. Amen. And I believe it's the same thing. That's why I titled it I titled this message power over the man of sin. Amen. Because we have that power in this in this day. Amen. Through that Genesis 1:26. Amen. It takes us back our soul back to that Eden condition. Amen. Where we have uh where we have power and we know we know amen what the scripture says and it tells us amen. We know what will happen in the future because we have the revelation of God in this hour. Amen. Through a prophet. But you see Adam and Eve, they knew all things. But here comes the slicker. Amen. Uh, Satan, I apologize that I always say amen in between my sentences. It's just a bad habit. I'm sure you all are very used to it. So, but uh sometimes I go back and listen to my sermons and I'm like, man, I say amen about every single every single word. It's just a bad habit when you get up here. It's just like it's just uh bad habits coming. But anyways, you just pray for me. But any anyways, you know, I was listening to pre other preachers and and I realized they do the same thing, too. So, I don't feel so bad, you know. I don't feel so bad. That's right, brother. But Satan comes in and he comes in and he came to Eve in a religious way. And I'm just going to take try to take my time this evening. I don't want to rush. I'm not going to jump around hoop and holler. I don't feel that way this this this evening. I just want to discuss this. Amen. because this is what what I've been I've been dealing uh you know been thinking about you know especially with the modern events that that that we're that we're seeing in this hour. Amen. Because we are living in a very late hour. Amen. We are living in an hour. Amen. That we need to look into these things. Amen. And take them seriously. Praise the Lord. Take them seriously. You know some of us we grew up in the message. I didn't grow up in the message. I came in message later in my life and when I was 20 years old. Some of you all have. This is all you've known. So I have experience I've experienced what it is to live out in denominations and I've also experienced what it is to be a Catholic to be in the Catholic church. Maybe some of you all have have been that way. Um I know what it's like. I know what it's like to do first communion, to be baptized as a baby in the Catholic church. I know what it is to do catechisms. I know what it is to do all that stuff. So, I saw firsthand things that I thought were what you were supposed to do in life. You grow up as a Catholic, you just think that that's just how life is. That's why I have such a burden for the people in Latin America because they believe that that's that's that's that's what they need and that's all they and that's all they have. Amen. And so when they come into the message or when they become Protestants, that's a that's a thing that they have to fight that that hierarchical spirit and treating other people like the pastor of that church or or ministers of that church in the way that they would treat the priest at their at their Catholic church before or even the pope. You see, they have to fight that. So that's the reason and and a lot of lat Latin people know that especially these preachers that know that and they know that they take advantage of that for the people and they take advantage of them and I and I I fight that with all my heart because I believe that that's wrong you know and there's still men today I'm not going to call names but there's still men today that that act just like popes before the people you see and they're supposed to be in the message but anyways so this is how Satan came in so sly, so sneaky uh to Eve and and the day and he didn't come to her with with uh lies and and just uh you know, you know, just just a slobbering at the mouth and with horns and and and and you know, some some dirty old guy. But he came to her in a very sly, sleek way. Amen. And that's how Satan always works. Amen. He's he's very clean. He's very He's a gentleman. He's very gentleike. He has his hair parted very nicely. He is He's very uh He smells really good. I I've mentioned these things before, you know. He He's got the best cologne, you know. He I mean, he he's nice. He's a nice guy. And that's why I say young young sisters, Amen. You be careful with the with the with the really slick Amen. They'll come in and they'll they'll say enough words of from the Bible and maybe a quote or two to just get you, you know, uh very comfortable and and and and and maybe get their the parents comfortable, too. You see, just enough word, you know, uh but he doesn't have he hasn't really had that true experience with God. Amen. He hasn't been in the Holies of Holies. Amen. The way he needs to be. All he has is is up here. But that's enough to deceive you. Because what you're looking for, young sisters, amen, you're looking for someone to love to love you. He's so cute and so and you're saying you fall for it so easily. And saying that when you're mixing it with with with with religious things, amen, just one word, amen, from the Bible, that's enough. That he's got the Holy Ghost. No, he doesn't. Amen. He just has knowledge and knowledge puffth up. Knowledge doesn't give you the Holy Ghost. Amen. Knowledge is Knowledge will take you up to a certain point. Amen. But an experience, amen, takes you the rest of the way through. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. And experience stays with you and it's lifechanging. Amen. It is lifechanging. Praise the Lord Jesus. So, I'm getting off topic here, but this is all Satan in this hour, saints. So, you see, Paul says here, uh, and so when Satan came to Eve, he came to her with 99.9% word. Amen. Brother Brandham said that it's just that 1%, Amen, or that point that that tenth of a of a percent of of of that was a that was a lie. Amen. And that's exactly what a good deceiver does. Amen. A good deceiver does not give you 50% lies or 25% lies and the rest truth. Amen. A good deceiver gives you almost the whole truth. Amen. Amen. But that but that is that that little bit that is very indistinguishable that that is what gets you. Amen. And that's where it will put you either in at faith or doubt. Amen. Amen. will either doubt the word or have faith in the word. And if J and and if Eve would have just had faith in what God had already told her in the word of God, Amen. then she wouldn't have been looking for something new. Satan was coming into her tell telling her, "Hey, you will become like gods, knowing good and evil." Amen. But see, they were already gods. They had they had eternal life. They were they were God here on earth. But Satan in his process was making her think that you didn't know. You don't know enough. You see, and God is trying to hide something from you. And so here's this here, right? And and and so we know that that she believed it and we know what happened afterwards. And so that is what Paul is saying here. And it it says that let no man no man deceive you by any means for that day shall not come except there come a fallen away first. And I believe that we're seeing that in this hour. Amen. Not just in the in the in in in amongst our ranks. Amen. But we're seeing it and we've been seeing it for a long long time that the Protestants church uh uh the Christian church is really in the hour in this hour is becoming for lack of a better term is becoming a joke to the people. Right. Amen. Amen. And I believe that, forgive me, you this is what this is what I believe. And so you don't have to accept it, but I believe that they're allowing that and doing that for for a reason and deliberately. That's why you constantly get bombarded with videos on YouTube and suggestive videos about look at them jumping on trampolines in this church and uh uh playing football with the Bible in the church and uh uh the preacher coming down from a from a a what is that called? Yeah, a harness coming down pretending like he's g like Jesus or something. And and it's just games and frolic now in the church. The purpose for that, the purpose for that is to make Christianity look bad. So that people now, young people, if you ask young people now and uh my wife has a friend up in Canada who has been going through these through these stages of, oh, I I I was I was a Baptist or or or or she was going to different churches, but then now she has settled for the Catholic Church because the Catholic church now is like they mean they're they're real, you know, they're the real thing and and so it's making fun of us so that the people can turn to something that's supposedly real, which is exactly what they've been wanting to do since the beginning. Amen. And and Trump is there to facilitate that in a very very very easy way. I'm I'm not bashing Trump. I know I get in trouble when I say Trump all of you to understand that I am not a Democrat. I am not a Republican. The last time I voted was in 2012 and that was for Congressman Ron Paul who was a true I believe was a true statesman. I'm not even a politician but he but he he he he really but he didn't get elected. You see he didn't get elected and you you almost wonder why but you see there's there's uh uh there's the that is exactly what is happening in this hour. Absolutely. See, and people don't like to hear that, but it's the truth anyhow because that is that is the reason why he has been placed there. Yes, sir. Amen. To facilitate that connection between the Catholic Church and to make United States the the the image to the beast. Amen. Amen. Now, Trump may not know that and and but but but but I believe that that's exactly what he's being he's put there for. Amen. It doesn't make him a bad a bad man. It doesn't make him a good man. It just makes him him that he's there fulfilling scriptures. And uh and uh but I'm not going to get caught up in the politics of it. And you shouldn't either. Christians don't get caught up in politics. Brother Brandham clearly said that. have. But you see, we've been in the last two or three years, we've been caught up with politics and the MAGA movement and all that kind of stuff and looking at the man, looking at the man, and you don't know what the man is doing behind the scenes to get you to be connected to the Rome to Rome. And so that's exactly what's happening in this hour. Yeah, he might be a good man, has a lot of money and and may have done good things, but he had a lot of wives, that's for sure. Anyways, but um anyways, so let let's just move on here. Um so people people get get concerned and they get scared, you know, because you talk about the coming of the Lord and and and things like that, but you know, I believe the coming of the Lord is a glorious thing. Amen. Amen. And 2 Timothy 1:7 says, I hope you can read that. For God hath not given us the spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind. Amen. So nothing that we are facing in the hour that we're living in is not for us to be fearful. Amen. It's not for us to be scared. That's right. And it's not for you young people to to to not think, well, I have no hope in this hour. I don't know what, you know, everything is finishing up. No, you continue. You continue doing what you're doing. You continue going to school. You continue uh uhh uhh uh playing basketball. You continue doing those things. Amen. Because a lot of these things we have no control over. But some of us as ministers and some of us as preachers, we like to look into these things. And it's our responsibility to tell you what we see. You take it for what you what however you want it. But our responsibility is just to tell you what we see. Amen. You see, so you don't get mad at the messenger. You just you look at it for yourself. Amen. But we are living in a late hour. We are living in a in in a in a in a detrimental hour. That that time for us as Americans and as the world to be frolicking and thinking everything is good and fine and and we'll always have money in the bank and everything. That's all ending right now as we speak. And so you're going to come to a point where you're really you're honestly you're truly going to choose how you're going to if you're going to continue serving God or you're going to continue serving your bank account. That's right. Amen. That's right. Believe that. Are you going to continue serving, you know, pleasure or entertainment because this thing is about to be finished up and it's not going to be. It's okay. Do do have fun. Be be I like to laugh. I like to joke around. I know you all some of Amen. But at the same time, I have to have these things in the back of my mind and not get so caught up in them that I'm forgetting, okay, what's going on? The scripture is being fulfilled right now. You see, because that's what Satan would like to do. What Satan likes to do is he likes to to blindside us with the entertainment and the and the and the and the things that we can obtain in this beautiful country that we live in. Right. I I I I I'll be the first to say I appreciate, you know, God placing me here in this in this country and and giving me the opportunities that I have, but I know that say that the United States has to fulfill certain scriptures in the Bible and whatever needs to happen to take that into play to for that to come into effect, then then so be it. And I cannot be blindsided from that. That's right. I can't I can't just dismiss that and say, "Well, you know, they can't it won't happen." You know, it will happen. It's going to happen. And then you have your young people and and and and children and grandchildren who are going to be here to see this. Some of you all may may be gone before then, but they're going to see this. So, it's our responsibility as adults to let them know to stay with the word of God. But anyways, Luke 10:19, "Behold, I give unto you power to tread on serpents and scorpions and over all the power of the of the enemy." Over all the power of the enemy. And nothing shall be shall by any means hurt you. Amen. Amen. And then uh Brother Brandham says this. He says, "I was talking about the coming of Christ a few weeks ago in a certain church and afterwards there was someone met me in the back of the church and said, "Brother Brandom, you scare people to death." That's what a lot of people say about us in this hour that we're living in. I said,"Wh do I do that?" He said, 'Well, you talking about the coming of Christ. I don't want to hear such things as that. This is what they told him. I got a little boy here I got to raise. I got I got a girl in school. And he said, "Oh, I said the coming of Christ is the most glorious thing I can think of." Certainly. See, the Bible said all those who love his appearing. Oh my. for a day that when this old mortal will take on immortality. Hallelujah. And this pest house that I live in will be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye, a body like his own glorious body. Amen. It should be the heart's desire of the church. It should be every man and woman on fire preaching the streets and everywhere else trying to get souls saved. Certainly, I'm wondering if we've really tied to that absolute brother Brandon Mass that we claim to. Are we looking at the right morning star? He says, "Or if we're just trusting in our church and our denomination." And I let me just add that we can become a denomination to our own selves. That's why I'm saying Paul is saying, Amen. That man revealed that that man of sin. Amen. When he's revealed, he's a denomination to his own self. See, our our affiliation as the world changes, it changes with that round and round. Amen. So, so Paul continu Jesus said here in Matthew 24 4-5 it says Jesus answered see to it that no one deceives you for for many will come in my name claiming I am the Christ and will deceive many. Amen. And I believe in the hour that we live in and we're living in that hour. Amen. Amen. And in 1 John 4:1, it says, "Beloved, do not believe every spirit, but test the spirits." Amen. Test the spirits. You don't have to believe everything that comes to you. Amen. Test it. Amen. Test it with the word. Amen. Test it with history. Test it with with uh, you know, with what? With with the word mainly. Amen. Praise God. Those two things, Amen. will never clash. Amen. Amen. Beloved, do not believe every spirit, but test the spirits to see whether they are from God. For man, for many false prophets have gone out into the world. Amen. In 1 Thessalonians 5:23, for you are fully aware that the day of the Lord will come like a thief in the night while people are saying peace and security. Peace and security. Amen. destruction will come upon them suddenly like labor pains on a pregnant woman and they will not escape. Amen. So this is this is this here is the same scriptures there in second Thessalonians in the New Living Translation and you can read that yourself. So what is sin? Amen. And I apologize. I'm just going to do a lot of reading. I'll just let the prophet say it because he says it the best. But we know that sin is unbelief. Amen. And the Bible said in Hebrews the 10th chapter, he that sins willfully after receiving the knowledge of the truth, there remainth no more sacrifice for sin. Hebrews 10:47, I believe it is, there remain he that sins willfully. What is sin? Sin is unbelief. There's no other answer for sin. Amen. Drinking, smoking, gambling, doing evil things, that isn't sin. Amen. That's the attributes of your unbelief. Amen. You see when Eve when in Eve disbelieved God's word that is why she committed the act that she did. Amen. See, so it has to be in here. You have to disbelieve it first. Then it goes into action. Amen. Right. And really that is sin. Amen. So Paul is mentioning the man of sin. When the man of sin is revealed or the man of unbelief is revealed because as I said earlier, Amen. And that man of unbelief wants to rise up in in in each one of us. The man of unbelief says, "Well, I've known and I've been in this way for 20, 30 years, 40 years. What else do I need to know about God?" Yeah. Come on, brother. What what else what else uh uh you know, what else can I can can they teach me or what what can I be taught? Oh, but but but I believe that as long as you're here, there's plenty to learn. Amen. When you get to a point like that, Amen. then that's that man of unbelief, that man of sin rising up and you're coming against God and you're you're becoming God then to your own self. You're becoming your own denomination. It's what my denomination says. It's you see that thing rising up. Yep. Praise the Lord. So you you can't get comfortable with what you just learned or what you have been learning for the past few years and say that's you putting a period on that and not moving on with God. That's a denomination sir. You see? But you see, we're constantly, we constantly have to keep learning and constantly have to keep studying and constantly as many of us ministers here, we're always harping to you to do because there's plenty of revelation out there. Amen. We're not studying just for knowledge sake. Amen. We want revelation. Amen. Because revelation keeps us. Amen. And it and revelation is what will keep you in the hour of temptation. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. drinking, smoking, gambling, doing evil things, watching Netflix all the time or or binge watching, you know, Hulu or all that kind of stuff. That isn't sin. That's the attributes of unbelief, right? Because you don't believe, you don't think that you need to go be in prayer. You don't believe that you that you need to go and read the word and study. Amen. Hulu has taken over your life. Netflix has taken over your life. Uh uh uh YouTube shorts and and and and and all those things, they've taken over your life. Those are the attributes of you already getting comfortable with your own self. Right? I'm comfortable. I have a good church I go to. I uh I've been in this way for a long time now. There's nobody or nobody that could tell me, you know, anything. You're your own You're your own That's a Judas spirit. Amen. You're your own denomination. And that's exactly what Paul was talking about in second Thessalonians. But see, this this go it gets bigger than that, though. Amen. See, you do you do that because you're an unbeliever. If you was a believer, you would not do those things. Okay? It bears the fruits of joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, patience, holiness. That's the fruits of the spirit. But the fruits of the evil spirit is doubt. He that believeth not is condemned already. Amen. And brother Brandham said this in 1954 which is the same year he talked about that a pope coming from the United States. He said this. Then if the truth comes to you in such a way that you have a knowledge of it. I want to I want to reiterate that that you have a knowledge of it and then refuse to receive it. In other words, act upon it. Right. See, you know it's true, but but but yet your actions or the way you you you you live your life do not act upon that truth. There remains no more sacrifice for your sin or your unbelief. Amen. But a fearful looking towards the judgment. Amen. God have mercy that there will be no one person like that in this audience tonight. Amen. Amen. This is what brother Brandon was saying. Or nowhere else in the world would be my prayer. All right. So he that believeth on him is not condemned. And John 3:18, but he that believeth not is condemned already, right? Because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten son of God. Amen. So sin is unbelief. But unbelief in what? Amen. Right. Now we we we we take a look at Judas. All right. Judas's scariot. He was chosen by by by by Jesus personally. Amen. Right. He was uh he walked with Jesus. He was also given power in Matthew chapter 10 against to heal the sick and to cast out devils and to all and to preach the word. Amen. He had power, you know, among along with all the disciples. Right. He was given the same thing. Amen. Amen. But there came a point in time where Judas, what he really was inside, what he truly was, eventually came forth. Amen. And and I was I was just riding down the road and just really thinking about some attributes about Judas. And there's some attributes of Judas, Amen. that are very interesting. And and and we can see here that he was the treasurer of the group. He was responsible for managing the money bag for Jesus and the disciples indicating a role of trust within the group. He was a betrayer of Jes of Jesus. We all know that. And and and he was also motivated by greed and or disillusionment. Amen. Uh the gospel suggests different motivations for his betrayal. John 12:6 implies greed, noting Judas's dishonesty with the money bag. Some interpretations suggest he may have been disillusioned with Jesus's non-political messianic role, expecting a revolutionary leader. Amen. He was disillus he he was disillusioned that Jesus wasn't into politics the way he wanted him to be. Maybe. Right. Right. True, brother. And so people sometimes they get upset with you because you're not in you're why aren't you into the politics the way everybody else is. I'm not. I don't have business in that. My business is the word of God. Politics will fail. Politics has fallen. Amen. Christian has no business getting into politics. And they'll get mad and and and and get upset at you, but it's the truth anyhow. Amen. So, here's some here's some attributes of Judas. Who the who who who is the man who is the man of sin? Judas was self-centered. He was greedy. He had love for money. He loved pleasure. He was a hypocrite. These are just things I was thinking about while we were My wife was graciously driving me to church tonight. He was anointed. He was anointed. Why? He was given power in in Matthew chapter 10 to do to do all those things. He had influence. He had influence. He was an eloquent speaker. Cuz I'm definitely not that. He was educated. He was very sneaky. He seemed reasonable. He seemed like it was reasonable. It was reasonable to, you know, why waste all that all that uh all that perfume when we could have sold it to and given it to the poor. That seemed reasonable. But instead, Jesus accepted, you know, the worship by a woman who who who who spent all kinds of money just to anoint his feet with that with that with that perfume. He was subtle. And remember who was subtle from the beginning. Amen. Amen. He was very religious. Amen. And he started off so innocently, right? Right. He started off very very innocently. But we know how he ended up. He ended up in destruction. And that's the reason why Jesus called him the son of predition. When you look that word up, pdition. Amen. It's the It's the word destruction, right? And we'll look at that here. Hopefully, we get some time. All right. So, Judas, he had an opportunity to have he had an opportunity uh you have an opportunity as well. Amen. Amen. Because even when they were there at the at the uh uh on the Passover or when they were when they were eating and Jesus was washing the disciples feet, Jesus Judas was there. He parttook of foot washing. He partok of communion, right? And Jesus clearly said that there's one of you that's going to betray me. And it's the one who takes and soops with me in the bowl. In other words, takes the piece of bread and there was a little bowl, maybe some oil or something. I'm not sure exactly. And who sops in with me at the same time. Judas was right there fulfilling that as Jesus was stopping there uhh you know dunking the the the bread you know kind of like the way some of us we dunk you know our bread and back in my country we used to take bread toast bread and and chocolate in the morning you know and dunk it in the chocolate you know Trudy knows what I'm talking about hot chocolate and we that's good stuff especially if it's got butter on it and stuff like that we dunk it in there so that Judas was Jesus was there dunking whatever he was eating the bread or whatever. And here comes Judas's hand doing the same thing with with Jesus. And that's why that's why brother Brandham said that there in the end time they'll be twins. They'll be doing the exact same thing. But one of them will eventually show its colors. They'll be shouting, praising, and worshiping God. And they'll be they'll be reading the same scripture you will be reading. And they'll be feeling the same chills and and and and things that that you feel and prophesying and doing all kinds of things. And Jesus at the end will tell them, "Depart from me. I never knew you." He really didn't need to tell them that cuz they will depart anyways. Just like Judas left, to fulfill what Jesus said, "Satan has entered into you. Go fulfill and go do it quickly." He said, "Right." And I say that the believe the bride in this hour. That's what I'm saying. Lord Jesus, come quickly. Amen. Let the people do what they need to do to show their true colors. Amen. And this nation is going that way. This world is heading that way. And we see it. Amen. In the hour that we are living in. Amen. All right. So, uh trying to move a little quickly here now. It was the uh religious influences that turned Jesus in. Amen. It wasn't the prostitutes or the drunkards of that day. It was the religious influences like the the Pharisees and the Sadducees that got in the way and that turned Jesus in in that hour, right? And of course, Judas joined right up with them, got money. Amen. And turned Jesus right in with a kiss. And you know, I I've always I was speaking to a talking to a brother the other day. You know, Judas Jesus knowing that Judas was the one who was going to betray him and yet Jesus treated him just like he treated the other disciples. That speaks that speaks volumes to me. You might know that somebody can be a trickster, a a a sinner, a deceiver, uh doesn't deserve to even you hold the door open for them or anything. But yet the love that's in because for God so loved the world. You love that person so much that nobody will be able to differentiate if he's a enemy or or a friend. That's right. And brother Brandon got to that point. I believe it was Bill Brother Billy Paul that said that he was so close to God that and treated everybody just the same. You did not know who was his enemies or who was his foes. I want to get that way. God help me. Amen. that there be a Judas right here that I know that's going to to to turn me in or whatever. Amen. And and and but yet I still want to go down and wash his feet. I still want to serve him communion. I still want to do Amen. the right thing. Amen. Why? Because love conquers a multitude of sins. Love is the most powerful force that you'll ever have. Amen. you you people that hate you and people that that curse you and that talk bad about you and that and that and that destroy you be behind the behind your back. Amen. When you come face to face to them and you show them true love, they don't know what to do. That's right. Amen. God bless you. But on Facebook, you know, oh, they'll they'll just or on social media, they'll just talk all about you. But when you're in front of them, they don't say anything. It was like a video I watched. I wish I could show it. I wish I had it. It was a little video of two dogs. One of them was on one side of the fence and the other one was on the other side of the fence. And they were mad at each other while the fence was closed. And then the the the owner would open the fence. As soon as the door would open, they'd stop. Then he'd close it again. And then he'd open the door and they'd stop. And then he'd do it again. And that's how people are with social media. But when you face them face to face, they don't want to face you. They don't want to say the things they talk about you in front of you because they just can't. That's why social media is so deceptive. We're not saying don't use social media, but social media leads you to become a hypocrite if you're not careful. Because you'll say whatever you want to on Facebook about anybody and have all kinds of dragouts with people on Facebook, but when you're in front of that person, you can't face that person. Amen. I want you to say the same thing you just said to me on Facebook. They chickenening out then. And so where was I going with that? With Judas. Yes. So the rel so it was the religious influences that turned Jesus in. Amen. I was going with that song. But anyways, take it for what it's worth. Don't cost you a penny. Now just trying to finish up. Um, we know that Roman Catholicism, it will rule the world. And uh I have several quotes here and and and several manly quotes where brother Brandham talks about that because I often wondered, you know, we always we always read brother Brandham and I often wondered why did brother Brandham was constantly downplaying communism during his time. constantly he would constantly always downplay communism and uh uh uh and saying that it wasn't it wasn't anything. It was just a tool for God. And so we were thinking, oh the communists of that day, Russia and the Cold War and all that kind of stuff, you know, and then here since uh we could just say since 2020, Amen. we we since our last president, we thought the same thing. We thought, "Oh, communism is going to take over again because here comes a story hour and letting uh hh uh drag queens tell read stories to to to kids and and doing all kinds of things that, you know, this country doesn't go for, but they were bombarding you with it in the news. And they were making the the president look like a fool on on on on TV. And to me personally, to me, all that was done deliberately so that you can easily accept what's coming next. Because if they didn't make Biden look like a fool, if they didn't make the people, you know, uh, story hour and people fighting against I'm not wearing a mask or I'm not taking a shot and he, you know, COVID and all that, all that stuff played into what's getting ready to come. Sure. To see how you were getting ready to to act when this true thing gets ready to come upon the people that was all just a test run for this root for this truth for this that that we're getting ready to read here in just a moment. The prophet talked about it. So it it it again that's just personally me. That's just how I' I've seen the things in the past five years or I don't follow the the the the the news the way a lot of people do, you know, take it in for face value. I I just don't I can't. I have to look at things according to this here. Amen. Then I can see, okay, that's playing out this certain way because it's got to all fulfill the word. That's the main thing. And it's got to fulfill the the the prophets the prophet the prophet as well. And we saw we know we we know this new pope that came in. He's an American. Now I told my wife that day it was May 8th when he was selected. I said you know he could have been selected that day and maybe had a heart attack and die an hour later. it would have still fulfilled that word because he was over there in Rome and he was a he was a he he came from the United States. So, uh, however it's going to play out, we will we will see. But I like what brother Wade has been saying and what he was saying Sunday, those are all just signposts. That is not supposed to give you the Holy Ghost. Signs don't take you to Atlanta. Amen. Sign the vehicle does. It's like what brother Wade was saying and I I love that analogy. Amen. It's the vehicle that you're in. This is the vehicle that we need to be riding in. Amen. The vehicle of the word. Amen. Not not not what not current events and and and technology and all kinds of stuff like that. That's that's just a bunch of distractions. That's right. Amen. That's in order to bring about mark of the beast and later on down the road. All right. Brother Brandham says, "Now he began by a religious deceit in Eden and has continued ever since. Not by setting up a bunch of communists. Communist has nothing to do with this. It's the church." That's where you have to watch. See, it's not the communists that will deceive the very elected. It's the church that will deceive the very elected. See, it isn't communists. We know they deny God. We know that the whole country knew that they people were not standing up. The majority of Americans weren't standing up for story hour and drag queens and all kinds of stuff. They know that, but they were making you think that that's what it's going to so that you can believe the lie. Amen. And then when the when when Trump comes on the in the picture and and and he seems so religious holding the Bible and he's got his Bible a Bible and you know the Trump Bible and and everything just looks so religious and so you'll fall for that especially the conservatives fall so easily for things like that because they're Christians and they they fail hookline and sinker. Amen. And when you tell them that they get mad. Amen. It's the exact same thing that was happening when you would call Karens and people with masks and stuff like that. It's what's happening now on the Republican side now. They're the ones who becoming the Democrats, but they don't know it. Right. That's exactly what they wanted. So that you could be deceived and taking you taking over to Rome. It's exactly where it's going. Amen. We know they deny God. Brother Brandham said they're antichrist. We we know that that that that they're antichrist. Sure, they are in principle, but they are not the antichrist. The antichrist is religious, very religious, and can quote the scripture and make it look so plain as Satan did back there in the beginning. Yep. He quoted everything right down. God has said, "Thou shalt not eat every tree of the garden." See, pulled her eyes. She said, "Yes, we may eat of all the trees of the garden, but there is a tree in the midst of the garden, God, even to touch." All right. Abraham continues says, "And the spoken word in the original seed." I'm going to read a couple of quotes here, so you just bear with me. There's no scripture that says communism will rule the world. But there is a scripture and all the scriptures said Romanism will do it. Right? So keep your eyes on that. Brother Brandham said, you see, and everything you turn now, it's a positive light on the Catholic Church now. Everything everything I mean, this thing is moving quickly. And because Trump endors it and because other not just Trump, but but but other other presidents in that are coming up. They're electing presidents in the UK. Uh they're having elections. Even in Australia, there are men that are that are that are that that act like Trump. Uh uh Andrew Tate, this this guy, he's try he's running for president. And he he acts like Trump. He he he he has that what what is that that charisma like Trump and and and there's another man in Australia who acts just like Trump, you know? Oh, he's laying it to the to the to the uh uh to the whatchamacall it to the I forgot the name of that that they call the Anyways, he's laying it to the system, you know. Oh, he's going against them, you know, just like Trump did. And they're putting all these men in in positions in politics so that they can bamboozle the people over to the Catholic Church. It's exactly what's happening. Amen. And people are not realizing. They're just caught up with MAGA, MAGA. Oh, maga, magga, magga. And and and this thing is going back to the Constitution again. Let me tell you what, things are not going back that way. This thing is not going back to the way George Washington, the days of George Washington, the days of Abraham Lincoln, brother Brandham said that clearly. But yet, people are caught up with MAGA and all this kind of stuff. And and and and if you don't have the Holy Ghost, you will be deceived. You will be deceived. Exactly. Right. And you will take the mark of the beast. Amen. And brother Brandham said also in the restoration of the brery any prophecy don't that don't stay with the word. That's exactly that's the reason I say today no matter how good it looks, how many preachers are saying this that or the other communism is going to take the world and throw it down. Don't you never try to fight communism. He says, "Fight Romanism." For that's thus sayith the Lord. The Lord said Romanism is going to rule, not communism. Communism is just a puppet. That's right, brother. And when Biden was the president, supposedly the president, that's what they would say. He's just a puppet up there. Look at Look at He's a fool. They were putting him that way, making him look that way to fool you. Y but you see he had to do that. The Lord told Micah, "I've got to send Ahab out there." He have them preachers to say that to send Ahab. And then he continued saying, "God had to let communism raise up." What do they do? They run all these here morgs together and made a confederation of churches to join up to make an image to the beast. Just what his word said would take place. Don't you worry about that. You watch the thing is forming under. Amen. And we know that the pope, this new pope, that's the speech he gave on May 14th, I believe it was. Let's all come back together to let's get together. Let's let's for for for the common good. You notice these little catchphrases they use. They always say the common good for the uh you know th those types of things. Those are catchphrases that they use and they tie that into climate change. They tie all that to you watch when this boycott comes in that brother Brandham talks about. It's all going to be tied into climate change. It's all going to be tied tied to all that kind of stuff. So you just be just be careful. I whatever you believe about climate change, you know, it's up to you. But they use it a lot as an agenda. The invasion of the United States, Brother Brandon says we're living in the shadows of the time. It could happen any time. When we see the times come for things to take place, the very wickedness of the enemy, the very powers, we look at these snowstorrms and everything happening, all these pestilence, all different things. That's that's all caused, look what brother Bram says, that's all caused by these interruptions of firing these bombs and things and then people make fun of you because you tell them that they can manipulate weather. Brother Brandham just said it right here. That's right. They're getting things all mixed up here and they're messing around in God's big laboratory to fulfill his word. It's going to happen. So, the man of sin rising up power so deceitful. My I heard a minister this morning, a spiritfilled man taking the mark of the beast and saying that the antichrist was Russia. What an error. Russia has nothing to do with it. No sir, that's scripturally now. But notice in this great time that we're living, a warning. Amen. And I have say here if you don't if you if if you if you don't know that they can manipulate weather just Google some of these things. Operation Papey Project Storm Fury and the Soviet Union's cloud seating Beijing weather modification in 2008 Olympics. Project Cirrus 1947. You can just look at that because some people look at you cross-sider when you tell them they can control the weather. Yeah, they can control the weather. The six sole purpose of Gabriel's visit to Daniel. Brother Brandon says, "Now what is another thing that would be known?" Look at today at the churches. Here it is. I hope it don't hurt, but I got to tell it making in that day there will be an antichrist rise. Now remember when we get into seals, that antichrist rides right out over those seals. Daniel spoke of it here. The prince that would come, he would be cut off. Jesus would to make reconciliations for the people. But that prince that would stand up that would cause the abomination to make desolation, that was Rome through Titus. And this time it's a prince coming out of Rome that'll do it. It's not Muslims either. Amen. It's Romanism. And he re he revealed in the last days. Muslims was another tool for them to to to to to perform their agendas to have a boogeyman to scare you to do to so that you can be subservient and obedient and then shall that wicked one be revealed when just at the time the Holy Ghost is being taken out which is fixing to leave right now. Brother Brown said what's he leaving for? Taking the church with him. Amen. Praise God. Let me just go quickly here. Yeah, I'm not This is your prophet speaking. He opposes himself above all that's called God. All the godly man. He's the holiest of all them. Sits in the temple of God. Just showing himself he is God. Forgiven sins on earth and so forth, you know. Sure. And he's talking about, you know, 666 and all that. I just wanted to read here just a quick some quick quotes of some things that they that that that the Catholic Church has has said that's just listen we we we do not fight flesh and blood but against powers and spirits. All right. I I I will sit down. I've been inside a Catholic church. I I'll go in there. I I I've talked to Catholics. I I I I'll fellowship with them. I know what it's like. I was one of them. You see? But they're not they're them themselves. They're just under a spell, under a system. You thought they need they need God. Amen. But see, some of these people, these popes and these higherups, they know what they're doing. All right. This is a quote. The pope and God are the same. So, he has all power in heaven and earth. This was Pope Pas I uh and it gives the reference there and quoted in Barlay chapter whatever cities of Petrus Bartinius. The foundation of all our com here's another quote. The foundation of all our confidence is found in the blessed virgin Mary. God has committed to her the treasury of all good things in order that everyone may know that through her are obtained every hope, every grace and all salvation for this is his will that we obtain everything through Mary. Pope Pas the uh 9th I believe that is and he said Pope Leo I 13th said this in 1890 but the supreme teacher in the church is the Roman pontiff. Union of minds therefore requires together with a perfect accord in the one faith complete submission and obedience of will to the church and to the Roman pontiff as to God himself. Those are the blasphemy. And that's the reason why why why the Bible says that it was a woman riding upon a beast with names of blasphemy over her head. She was blaspheing God and blaspheing the saints in heaven. Amen. The pope is of so great dignity and so exalted that he is not a mere man but as if it were God and the viker of God or the instead of God. All names which is which in the scriptures are applied to Christ by virtue of which it is established that he is over the church. All the same names are applied to the pope. That's why it's so important that that that that they uh that this is in your face now. It's becoming more in your face. That's right. Another quote that the Roman church never erred or made a mistake nor will it according to the scriptures ever er this was Gregory IIIth and 1076 in in 1958 Pope John the 23rd I believe that is he said this the savior himself is the door of the sheepfold I am the door of the sheep into this fold of Jesus no man may enter unless he be led by the sovereign pontiff and Only if they be united to him can man be saved. For the Roman pontiff or the pope is the viker of Christ and his personal representative on earth. Uh all names which in the scriptures are applied to Christ by virtue of which is it is established that he is over the church. All the same names are applied to the pope. That was that was in 1628. Uh I got I got the references here. And uh all right. And God himself is obliged to abide by the judgment of his priests and neither not to pardon nor to pardon according as they refuse to give absolution provided the penitent. There's one here that one here that I thought oh yes right this one right here. The pope takes the place of Jesus Christ on earth by divine right. The pope has supreme and full power in faith in morals over each and every pastor and his flock. That's exactly what they want. He is the true Viker, the head of the entire church, the father and teacher of all Christians. He is the infallible ruler, the founder of dogmas, the author of and the judge of councelss, the universal ruler of truth, the arbiter of the world, the supreme judge of heaven and the earth, the judge of all, being judged by no one but God himself on earth. This was quoted in the New York Catechism. All right. So, we'll just leave it at that. So, they know what they're doing and they know what um Okay, give me just a few minutes. Okay. In a super sign, Brother Bram says this. And you people, I've got to say this. Don't you never let anybody poke something down your back about communism. Communism is nothing. And it's just a tool in God's hands. I want any Bible reader, any prophet to stand to show me where the Bible ever says that communism will rule. It isn't communism that's going to rule. It's Romanism that's going to rule according to the Bible. Let me say this in closing. There's three great curtains today. One of them is the iron curtain. The other one is the bamboo curtain. And the other one is the purple curtain. You watch that one. That's the one that's going to rule. Amen. And then he says here that unless there comes a falling away, the man of sin can't reveal himself. All right. Um, then there's there's uh there's a line of people that that believe that that Jews were the they're the antichrist. And so, Brother Brandham says that these people who think that the Jews are the Antichrist, they are certainly a million miles off the line. Don't you never think the Jews are an antichrist? Their eyes were blinded purposely that he might have a way to get in. Giving us a time of repentance. Take advantage of that time. Amen. But watch what brother Brown says here. But the antichrist is a gentile. Amen. Certainly it is an impersonator of the truth. Anti- against. Now this great superman. Oh, how he become a great man. And then finally was thrown. Then after thrown he was crowned. All right. Questions and answer on the seal. They asked brother Brandham does the first horse rider first seal fulfill second Thessalonians which we read our opening scripture. The revelation of the man of sin. He says, "Yes, that's right. That does. That's the man of sin." Of course, the man of sin can rule inside of you. You can become your own pope if you're if you don't abide by the word of God. Amen. That that that that's where I'm trying I'm trying to get to. This same man just keeps in stages riding on until he gets on a pale horse was called death. Amen. All right. And there's Let me just skip down here. There's one right here. Okay. Oh, the God of this evil age. Oh peoples of the United States, where this message is going now, flee. This is in 1965. Flee as hard as you can from this knowledge, scientific age. Why do you think they're pushing so much Elon Musk and and all this scientific stuff and all this? It's heading all to the mark of the beast. It's exactly what it's heading to. Um scientific age that we're living in, flee to the word of God. No one can knows it. And he says, "And in the last days, the God of this evil age would blind the eyes of the people with his intellectual knowledge and a mixed tree of good and evil." Remember, the tree is good, but it's also evil. Still giving it to the people. And here it comes. That thing heading up, that denomination from way back in the dark ages. Speaking about the ro Roman Catholic Church and before the dark ages, all heading up in a Superman. Amen. That's what the people wanted and that's what they got. They got him sitting up there in the White House, a Superman. And they also have a technological Superman as well named Elon Musk and a Jeff Bezos and all all these supermen. That's and that's what will blind the people. Amen. Who before the dark ages I will exalt myself above the sons of God and they'll listen to me and he as God will sit in the temple of God and the sons of God will fall for it. that the sons of God will fall for it. I predict that the two denominational groups Pentecostal and the evangelical groups will work together in a denomination will unite themselves together and will become a member all of them of the federation of the council of churches or the council of churches which they got now. They already belong to it. All of them. And there will come through them a for a forcing or a boycott that will stop everything but what belongs to that union of churches. Don't be surprised that one day your bank account won't won't won't work anymore and you can't log in. I don't know how it's going to all happen, but you don't go by their rules. You're not going to get access. I'm just saying that as as an example. They could be multiple things, you know, and they're they're working on all those things because they want to have control over the people. That's what the Bible say. See, see, back then in the dark ages, it was a a you do not believe the Catholic Church. You do not you're going to prison or you're going to get you're going to get your head chopped off or burned into a steak. Now, it's a it's it's a it's a it's not it's not a it's not that way anymore. Now, it's it's in a digital way that they're going to come against you. And that's why they they're the whole time they've just been bamboozling you with with with technology and smartwatches and all that kind of stuff so that you can just easily accept in and transition over into what they're going to give you. Right. And you might think I'm a crazy and I'm an idiot, but that's exactly where he's going. The Bible, that's what the Bible said that there would be a boycott even to such a way would cause people to not buy or sell unless they had received this the mark of the beast which is Romanism and the image of the beast which is Protestantism that the image the beast had power authority to give the image life to speak and it did. And that's the confederation of churches when they confederate themselves together. Now there's many young people here. Brother Brandon says I don't know Jesus may come this afternoon. He may come next year. I don't know when he'll be coming. But if remember if I do not live to see that day is coming, which I hope that I will and somehow believe I will. Now if I do not see it, do not let this word ever depart from your ears and your heart. See, just remember I speak in the name of the Lord. Amen. All right. All right. And so we read about the son of predition. Amen. It's very interesting that Revelation 17 speaks about this the the the the the church there of predition and uh you can read that. I'll just but it's very interesting. Read read 17. Here's your homework. Read Revelation 17. Okay. And then watch where it says the predition, the son of predition, which means destruction. And it's very interesting that it's the it's the Greek word. It's the uh the Greek word uh forgot what forgot what the Greek word was but anyways is this exact same Greek word that Jesus said in John 17 where he was praying for us and it says that I've I've given them this and they've believed me except for the son of predition is the exact same thing. It's very interesting it's the same chapter too. So, I'm so glad that there is a people, amen, that is getting ready to leave this world. Amen. That as the Holy Ghost is getting ready to leave, we're leaving with it. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. And so, uh, do your research. You go yourself, search it out. I just wanted to read those quotes to you because sometimes I know we all don't get to to read the quotes ourselves and and uh there's plenty of others. Uh, I have a list there, but I can't. Time is escaping me. All right, really quick. Now, after I made y'all feel so bad, y'all forgive me. That's not my intention. I just needed to say what I needed to say. And I wasn't saying anything contrary to the word. I don't think I was. I was I was saying exactly what brother Brandon was saying. Now, if it scares you, then maybe that's what you need in order to get to get to the to get to the altar. Amen. Amen. I don't want to scare you. And I don't want you to come and repent because a pope came in or or or or or cuz I scared you. No, no, no. I want you to be convinced. Amen. And then concerned. Convinced that it's the truth. Amen. Praise God. Amen. We uh as you all know, we went to uh uh uh Honduras a couple of weeks ago and uh just wanted to share some pictures here uh really quick cuz uh I haven't been here in a while. So, I'm just I'm taking my time. All right. I don't if the brothers could bring that back then. I had some pictures here and I don't know where they went now. There we go. All right. So, uh, Brother Aaron, you know who the who these people are? That's Brother Beckan. And, uh, Brother Aaron preached there. And so, we were there that first night and preached for Brother Beckham. He's the brother on the far right next to the sister. That's his wife. This in the brother in the middle is brother Eric, Eric Gao's dad, brother uh, Giovanni. So we were we were there that first night preaching for them. Um then we went there for a youth camp and they had a youth camp. It was one of the bigger uh it was it was a good turnout and that we heard we heard several people say that it was one of the best youth camps that they've had so far. And so we trust that that they will continue to get better. Amen. Brother Eric did some wonderful things this time around with the young people and introducing some ideas and some things to get the young people involved. Amen. Um so uh it was it was really wonderful. One of the things that they did was was uh they they they were they were introducing uh or talking about you know um I forgot that theme after salvation then what because you know how brother Brandham said he you know the best thing that he could give a man uh outside of his salvation is a good wife right and so he they were taking those things and they were they took several couples who were been married for several years we were the ones that my wife and I we've been married almost 20 years now. And so we got to they got to see that uh you know and got to hear that they were just as human and and just as uh relatable, you know, to them. They were given their test like their testimony. They asked them questions. How did you meet your first wife? And the young people were listening, you know, how did you or how did you meet your wife? Not your first wife. I'm sorry. [Laughter] Uh they were that was their first wife as far as I know all of them there. Brother Paco was one of them in there and everything. And he he just made it he made it very funny and and so they were it was very relatable to to to them, you know, how they were just just like them when they were younger, you know, and they met just like, you know, some of them said, "I met I met them. What what what caused you to what was so attractive to them when you first met them?" And some of them have their different things of what was attractive to them. And um but you know they were just young young people at the time but then how God has led them now to where they are now. And so it was really really good. And so I ministered uh the two morning services and uh brother Eric asked me to minister the morning services. Uh took a series a little series on Samson uh because the theme was uh uh the preeminence in Christ. All right. And so took some some things with regarding Samson and and kind of did more of a teaching type thing. We had brother Solomon Huffman there and brother Brad Y was there as well. And so here's the first evening service, brother Solomon and me interpreting for brother Solomon. This was the last sermon uh service. I was interpreting for brother Solomon. And of course my voice was shot by the end of the thing. And we had to we just had to keep going. That's me ministering the I believe that was the first morning service that we had there. Uh some more young people came in. This is little Ol. Look how big he is now. There's Zoe right there next to him. So he's all right. These are all the little the the places the little mattresses where the young people sleep after the camp was done. The me the meetings were done. We had to take a bunch of them put them up in a truck. that truck did multiple multiple because they reuse them again. They reuse them throughout the ministers when they have the ministers meetings and also throughout the different youth camps. They reuse these these these these things. Um so we were helped. Um I thought this little picture was this was Zoe couple of years ago in Nicaragua sweeping and then here she was a couple years later doing the same thing. So we we just kind of thought it was a Zoe. [Laughter] And there was young several young people. We had a pray uh last night the last night uh uh that uh there um brother Brad Jans preached and uh he suggested that we have a prayer line. Now they they don't do prayer lines and but they we had a prayer line and uh and it was very interesting because almost everybody came up for prayer. They went through the prayer line and uh there was people that that that young people that uh I I'll tell you this there was a brother not at the prayer line but this was uh one of the other nights a brother came up asking for prayer for his for his daughter and when his and he was crying and we were praying for him. He's saying my daughter she she needs the Lord. She needs she needs to to to to you know she needs the Holy Ghost. She needs and he was crying and you could tell he was just so sincere. He was so sincere. We were praying for him and his daughter was in the congregation. And then next thing you know, his daughter was standing right there, right there. She came in and they they hugged and they cried and then we prayed for both of them and uh she came up. Nobody told her, nobody was pushing or anything. She came up by herself. Amen. And uh it was such a beautiful thing. So uh there was a sister that wanted to get baptized and so they baptized her. I I I I uh just a a quick video of of that. Yeah. Yeah. I won't won't play the whole thing, but that's brother Solomon. He baptized her. All right. So, sister wanted to get baptized. So we made sure we facilitated that. Amen. Um and uh Okay. All right. And then this was uh some of the sisters that that were helping the cooks and all that. I took this picture because uh after we had cleaned up, it took several hours to clean up everything, the camp, everything. This is what they were laying in that grass. And I know I saw dogs doing mess on that grass. I saw but they didn't care. They were tired. All right. And then there's some of the some of the people from the And there's sister Christine. She's help uh there uh them with a a song special that uh that uh that that we sung that was kind of turned out to be kind of like a theme song for the for the camp. And it was to God be the to no I gloria and uh and uh the people were blessed by that. So it was a wonderful song. So and then uh here's a some of the little kids singing. Um and Zoe was back there playing the piano for them. Uh, and they were singing a a a very big God. Uh, I think we've sang we've sang that here. Okay. And then here's a video of the of one of the evening services uh during a song service. So, okay. All right. Thank God. Thank you for your prayers. Mission accomplished there. And uh we just appreciate the Lord giving us the opportunity to serve him and to serve his people. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Saints, if you want to get upset at somebody, get upset at the devil. Don't get upset at me. Don't get upset at at at the at anybody that comes behind the pulpit and tells you truth. You know, you look, you search it out yourself. Look at yourself. Compare it to history. compare it to the times of our day and and and see if it if it agrees, if it lines up. Cuz some of us sometimes we're just kind of scared to talk about these things. But I'm not scared. I'm just I've just uh I've had enough of of just trying to hide what I believe. I'm I'm just going to say it the way and then that that's it. Like fall the chips fall where they may. But I believe we're living in a late hour because Satan is going on one extreme. We got to go tell to the the other extreme. So, um, let's just stand to our feet cuz one day you are going to have to you're going to have to fight for the faith. You you're going to you believe, oh no, that that can't happen. That was just back then. Oh, it's heading that way now. It's exactly heading this way. And you can be in your happy joy joy. That that that's okay. Hey, and we we're joying Christ. But be on be know where you're standing. Know what you believe. Know it for yourself. Cuz these people are very astute. Yes. They know what they they know the word. The Satan knows the word. These people come with you with the word. And you yourself, you have so much word that I don't need anymore of God. But it's not down here. It's only up here. Amen. And that's what that's what in that you become a pope to yourself. And so take that amen to consideration. Let's just bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we pray heavenly father that you would just Lord take these things father a little bit chopped up Lord notes here and there different things. But Father God you you can put everything together Lord and and Lord I don't I didn't I don't mean to to scare the people. That's not my intention. I don't I don't want to do that. Maybe maybe I I did, but but Father God, I that that wasn't my intention, Lord. I I just pray, Lord, that you would just take these things and and that people I I I just want them to be more serious about the hour that we're living in, Lord. And and Father God, that that things aren't going to be this way forever. And Lord Jesus, you told us to watch. And Father, that's what we're doing. We're watching, Lord. And so, Father God, your word has to be fulfilled. And I pray, Lord God, that you would just help us to take these things into consideration seriously. And Lord, know that the hour that we're living in is very late. Let me, heavenly father, do what I'm supposed to do, Lord. Let me repent. Lord, let me, Father God, we were filled with the Holy Ghost, Lord Jesus, because I need more of you just as much as anybody else does, Lord. And I pray heavenly father that you would just grant that Lord for each one of us Lord Jesus. Father God may you bless your people now Lord. Keep them father on the roads until we meet again Lord Jesus. Father God may we leave this place but never your presence. We ask these things now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Let's sing one verse of this and then upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They lift a mountain up with wings as an eagle. They shall run and not be weary. They shall and our kings. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord new [Music] ways and teach me [Music] way my knees till in your good time you answer my plea. Teach me not to rely on what others do, but to wait in prayer for an answer from you. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as an eagle. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord, teach me Lord to wait. Oh, and they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as an eagle. They shall run and not be weary. For they shall walk in faith. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to win. Praise the Lord Jesus. Hearts. Amen. [Music] Oh, they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as an eagle. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me, Lord. Teach me Lord to your dismiss this afternoon.
