################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - 25-0518am - 1 Corinthians 8 (Knowledge puffeth up) - Bob Black - Bob Black.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   25-0518am - 1 Corinthians 8 (Knowledge puffeth up) - Bob Black
Speaker: Bob Black
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gIx2oVsP8zM
========================================

cut it off in the middle of that good story, but we can go home and listen to the rest of it. Amen. Let's let's bow our heads. Lord God, we're so grateful for your word and for this message that you've given to us. I pray, God, that you'll be with us this morning, Lord, and guide us through these scriptures, Lord Jesus. Help us now, Lord God, as we study these things out. Be with us today as we come with expecting hearts to receive what you've got in store for us today. Bless us now, we pray in your name. Amen. So, we're going to go to 1 Corinthians chapter 8 today. And uh before we read the first few scriptures, just uh you know, I I was just meditating on this morning on how that you know that um the devil likes to create chaos and and uh you know, it's like you know, when you were you know, kids playing on on the playground or something and or or in school and you maybe you'd enter into a game that you didn't know the rules for and and uh the other kids maybe would win because you were confused about what the rules are and how how things worked. Well, it's it's the same thing maybe with with maybe a an imperfect type or whatever a comparison, but you know, the the the gospel gives us a way understanding knowledge on how to defeat the devil. And uh you you begin to see his nature and see see how things work and and and also more importantly maybe to see how our nature is and how how to kind of be aware of of the problems that we have and uh that's where the book of corrections is it it begins to examine our life and examine the way we are and and it straight it causes us to become uh aware of our own problems and things. That's why sometimes maybe the this this uh the book of corrections is it's it hits in maybe a little different way. You know, I I was meditating too this morning that um you know, we we think about that scripture that the Lord himself would descend with a shout and a voice and the trump. And what that means really is that that that the bride is going to receive a message. And when she becomes the living embodiment of that message, she will become the the word expressed. And it's not just the doctrine. And it's not just the the the theology, but she will actually become the the living the interpretation of the word. And that will be a signal that we're going to go in the rapture. Amen. That when she becomes the voice, the actually walking on two feet that the word expressed. So, you know, it's more it's more than just um all all the doctrines and everything, but it's the the life in between that that actually is living out that we've got. So that's where this book of corrections as we take a step back, it it might not might not look that deep. We'll say it like that, but but it's it's dealing with our life, our character. And when God can look at at our character and see, well, you're expressing exactly what uh the same character that that you know that Jesus Christ expressed when he was on earth, then that's a signal, a sign that we're going in the rapture. Now uh the to set the stage uh of of 1 Corinthians 8 in uh in in Corenth they they had this situation and you think and maybe we'll put ourselves in this situation too and as we walk through this that nearly all the meat that you would buy in the market was was actually had some kind of association with pagan temple rituals. So they would take the meat and and uh because everybody was pagans, they would go down to the temple and they would sacrifice it. They would lay it before the altar of whatever god, Diana, Aphrodite, what you know, whatever their gods were. And then the temple the temple would take that and either the person would uh they they' eat eat it in a temple feast. They'd have like a big banquet hall that they'd eat right there in that temple. Or they'd take the the the pagans would take that uh that meat and they'd take it out to a market and sell it to raise more money for the temple or the worshipper sometimes maybe would take it home. But now you now let's now let's place ourselves in that same situation. Now, what if every every time you'd go to the market like uh Publix or Engles or something that maybe there was a sticker on there that said offered to the goddess Diana and and that so so you know maybe maybe many of us in here would would kind of be pricricked like I don't know really want to eat some meat that was offered to Diana. I don't really really want to eat some meat that was was was uh used in a sacrifice, some pagan sacrifice or uh or let's let's bring it on home. Maybe maybe there's a uh a Buddhist temple or something, you know, like down in Atlanta, they've got all these temples and things. Maybe maybe it was offered in a sacrifice or done something like that to to a to a a temple in Atlanta. And and so you see the the situation that they were in. Many of them, many of them were like, I, you know, I'm I don't want to eat anything that was offered to an idol. I don't want to eat anything that was offered to a false god. I'm a Christian. And we we understand, uh, you know, the difference. So now, so the Corinthian believers were kind of split. Now, this was what Paul was addressing. He's addressing the the knowledgeable Christians that that are, you know, of the position meets meat. It it in other words they know they know they have like an understanding and Paul's in agreement with them. It's it's just meat. You can go you can go to the supermarket. It don't matter what the sticker says. It don't matter that it was offered to a altar or whatever. It's just meat. Take it home and put it on the grill and you can eat it. That's fine. But then you have others that are like I I don't want to have anything to do with meat that was offered to an idol. Now, now you can imagine that the situation that that that and and this maybe can apply to our our own lives. You got a knowledgeable Christian that's ready to just put the other under their thumb and say, "How could you how could say it like how could you be so dumb?" And then that wounds that wounds the other and and now and and really what what the where the essence of the message is if it's your your consc the conscience of one is to say my conscience says I don't want to eat something that's offered to an idol and then somebody maybe with a little bit more knowledge where that's more more liberty comes and says that wounds the brother that's just trying to live by his conscience. Now now you see what it all comes down to. It's got to be a personal relationship with God. And and and you come by and you wound somebody that's trying to do right and yet God just hasn't opened up to them the the place of liberty maybe that you're at. And and you you put your thumb on them and and now you've caused them to disregard their conscience. Not in just that instance, but in all future instances. Now they're not listening to their conscience anymore. They're trying to do what somebody else says or trying to live by somebody else's rulebook. and and and and so Paul's saying Paul's saying look he's saying I I agree that idols are nothing in verses 4-6 but he rebukes what's he rebuking the arrogance of those flaunting flaunting their freedom and wounding the conscience of weaker brethren and if you keep reading them down in verses 8 to 8 uh chapter 8 11 and 12 he's basically saying don't destroy someone's faith just to prove your liberty Liberty is not license and this this is you can see this all through the religious world and and even creeped in the message that they the liberty is it becomes to a place where it can be weaponized where you weaponize it. Liberty isn't licensed to trample others. If you have to say well I don't care what anybody thinks then then you're not acting in Christian love. Now, now that the stage is set, let's read 1 Corinthians 8:1-4. And we'll start off with that. So Paul says, "Now as touching things offered unto idols, we know that we all have knowledge. We we know. We know we got We know we understand. But knowledge puffth up, but charity edifyth. So knowledge, now this is, you know, you start you getting built up until you play the place where you understand things and then it will just if you don't and brother B will make statements like this too that faith has got to be mixed with love or otherwise it don't work right because knowledge will build it'll it'll make you all puffed up. Bless God. Look at me. I'm the one. All you know, all those sorts of things. But then you you got to mix it with love because love is the thing that will actually edify. In other words, strengthen one another. Will strengthen one another. So you can take your knowledge by itself and all it does is just hurt and injure. But mix it with love and now you've got the truth that can actually build one another up. Now see, this is why the the book of Corinthians hurts and scalds. And you know, I want to take a step back too. You know, when when you're preaching these things, you can get sometimes the idea that, you know, the ministers up behind the pullpit just putting his thumb on everybody, but this is for me, too. I I I read this and I'm like, "Oh, oh, God." I help me help my attitude. Many times in in my life, I've, you know, not had the right attitude when I when I talk to somebody about the gospel or whatever, not deal with patience. So, these scriptures are not just for from the pulpit to the people, but the scriptures are are to straighten us all up. We're all in this together. You got to mix. We've all got to mix faith and love together. Otherwise, it won't work right. And now look what he's saying. Knowledge puffth up, but charity edifith. Go to the next scripture. And if any man think that he knoweth anything, he knoweth nothing yet as he ought to know. Now that positions us all in our you. Well, bless God. I understand. I understand all the word. I understand everything. Yeah. But the the point is not to the point is not to to just know and let me frame it up like this. I was talking to a a pastor at another church. And he said uh I'm not going to name his name, but he said he he was actually sharing that he had said under brother Biscll for years in his in his ministry and everything. And one of the things that he took away from that was that when you study the scripture, you're not just studying the scripture just to learn like to learn, but you're actually studying it to become into relationship with Jesus Christ. So it's not when we study the scripture, we're not just learning things, but we're entering into a relationship with God. Right? Now, see, there's the difference. you you you look at it one way and you're just you're just learning to heap up knowledge within yourself, but you look up at another look at it another way and you're you're learning to enter into a relationship with God. Now, that's what verse three says. If we if we go, it would keep going on. If any man love God, the same is known of him. Right? So, it's not we think, well, bless God, I know. Look how much I know. If you think you know anything, you don't know yet as as you you don't know anything yet as you ought to know. But if you love God, then that's known of you. So now the main thing the main thing is to be known of God. As concerning therefore the eating of those things that are offered in sacrifice into idols, we know that an idol is nothing in the world and that there is none other god but one. Now, so you know what the Corinthians were doing is they they uh began to be more aligned. They began to be more concerned with possessing information about God rather than true relationship based on love which God recognizes. Now, that kind of goes along I was listening to brother Brandham just talking there a moment ago where he was saying that you know that I like he he was using um Zachariah that story of Zachchariah as a comparison to our own lives about how that if we go to God in prayer and God answers our prayer back that it scares us half to death. Isn't that I think that's that's very telling. Why why would that be? I is there something lacking in our lives to where we feel that if we if we need something from God, we got to let somebody else do the prayer and pray it. But if there's something if if we've got a need in our family or in our own life, we should have enough confidence that God is going to answer our own prayer to where we don't have to dump everything. Bear with me now. We don't have to dump it all in the WhatsApp chat. You're right. And let somebody else do the praying. But we can have our enough confidence in our own prayer and our own relationship with God to know you realize the power there if you know God is going to answer my prayer. And that's actually that statement that brother Random said that I believe that you really go to God in prayer and faith and God will answer your prayer. Now, now, so that's what it's all about is we're not we're not Christians ju just gathering information, but it's about relationship with God where you have a relationship. It's not just looking at the Bible trying to figure things out so we can learn it like we're studying Shakespeare or something, but it's where we're entering into a relationship with God. It's about love. If any man love God, the same is known of him. So now it's not about knowing information but I want to be known of God. I want God to know me to to be known of him is the ultimate goal as appear as opposed to merely knowing about him to be to know about him. Now now that's what Jesus said in Matthew 7 22 to 23. Well, he said, "Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesy prophesied in thy name, and in thy name have cast out devils, and in thy name done many wonderful works? And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you. Depart from me, ye that work iniquity." Now, of course, now, well, you could study that out. I never knew you means that he he never knew you from before the foundation of the world. He never knew you as a part of an intimate relationship. He never knew you as part of giving you the new the life of God and being having a relationship with him. And what this all boil down to is boils boils down to relationship. Now, isn't that a shame how so many can come to church and it's just a a a religious form, an outward appearance and and and just and and just piling on of information, but they would never enter into a relationship with God. never come into that holy of holies where it's you and God and fellowship alone and the the the curtain swings shut behind you and and you're in relationship with God. Now see the Corinthians were saying we have all knowledge and many believers understand the doctrine behind it but knowledge alone not just knowledge alone can make people arrogant. It builds you up in your in your mind and it puffs you up. But charity builds others up. Now, now, now look, if we really splice that down, the difference is the difference between knowledge and charity is knowledge builds me up, but charity builds you up, right? Knowledge builds me up. Look at me. Look at Oh my, what a wonderful preacher I am. But charity builds you up. Charity is charity is it's the definition of charity like give it means like giving out giving to some given to the poor given and charity gives of yourself to others now look what brother Ram said is and hear ye him he said God lives in his word and you know he's so great what makes God great to me is because he's so humble did you ever see one of these people touch me not and arrogant I've had the privilege of meeting great men in my days been in king's palaces. But when you really find a man that is a great man, he makes you think that you're the great man. But it's the man that just thinks he's a great man that wants to put on a whole lot. That's right. Just a man that's a makeelie. I like that. Now, I I love that quote because that's he's defining what it means to be a to be a great man. knowledge. Knowledge will make you think that a great man is somebody that thinks of themselves a great deal. But he's saying a great man is somebody that makes the other person think that they're a great he lifts up the other person. Now, that's what Paul's expressing in 1 Corinthians chapter 8. You think you know all about how things work and everything, but what about love that just builds one another up and tries to strengthen? A touch me not is is uh you know insul arrogant, insulated by status. I'm somebody afraid to, you know, uh uh recoils back from the from the broken or the unclean. Now, now compare this with the life of Jesus that Jesus let that little woman come up and wash his feet and he didn't recoil back because he thought he was a bit better than her. A touch me not always clawing and scrambling for a platform. But a man that looks like Jesus is is is is is somebody that'll get lower themselves down and wash feet that that touched lepers and and and never needed never not once needed a pulpit to be powerful cuz his life what what is what is Jesus just like just like we were talking about the the shout the voice and the drum that Jesus was the word interpreted or the word lived the word lived. Right. So when Paul says, "If any man think that he knoweth anything, he knoweth nothing yet as he ought to know." So he's saying if somebody thinks they've got it all figured out, they don't really know it the way God expects because the point is humility. The more we truly understand, the more we realize how little we know. You know, isn't that true? Even in life, you'll find somebody that that hardly knows anything about economics and they're just they got it all fig they hardly know anything about politics or whatever. They got it all figured out. But I I remember when I went when I when I went to college, I I'll use that as an example. I sat in the economics class and I thought, I don't know nothing about nothing. You start learning about it and you realize you realize there's so much more to know and it it learning actually act actually actually learning actually actually getting into it makes you humble because you realize there's so much you don't really understand. Right. Amen. And the whole the whole thing is that lower yourself to where you know knowledge when you get so built up in knowledge that you can't you can't learning nothing from nobody cuz you think you've got all the answers. That's right. It's not just what you know but whether God knows you and God knows those who love him. Not just those who can debate theology. Right. What what what is arrogance? Being puffed up as as Paul's explaining there in that first that first couple of scriptures. It's always needing to be right. Now, now here's where here's where it really hits. When when you get in a place where I I got to be right. I I can't I can't just let go and surrender and and and and talk to the other person. I got to be right. It's that unteable spirit where you you can't you can't be instructed in any way. Looking down on others. Well, I got it all figured out and and then you look on down on the other person and it makes all your conversations self-centered and you'll dismiss that weaker brethren. Get get I don't want to even talk to you because you believe in the put it in the Corinthians. You believe that there's something wrong with eating meat that was offered to an idol that's got that sticker that says that it was offered to Diana and and and and you always boast about yourself. I I I was thinking of this when you know uh o over the last few years we we've been at at different churches and and uh and and I was at a church one time where um we'll say it was it was pastored by a bigname preacher and uh you would think that a bigname preacher would come out and be like bless God I'm this I'm that well this bigname preacher come out in the parking lot and was talking to me and all he could all he could talk about was how nervous he was behind the pullpit and and uh he said I I got my notes all laid out and I got out behind the pullpit and I just I I I forgot to read my announcement and and selfdeprecating. He wasn't building himself up at all. And I I began to think, well, you know, you of course, you know, your mind goes to, well, this he's faking it. May maybe I know how people are. They'll think, well, there it's just put on. But listen, he he he was what he was. In other words, real real a real great man actually will actually live in a place of humility where you're willing to open up yourselves. willing to open up uh to lower yourselves and to share to show to show actually the love of Christ. So it's actually the opposite of arrogance is self-exaltation. It refuses to decrease so Christ and increase. It's the opposite of charity love which edifies and serves others. The seventh seal brother says now notice how did I know the other day last Sunday a week ago today when I was preaching on be humble be humble. Remember God deals in little things. I didn't realize what it really was talking about and now I see it. It is in such a humble way. You think that something like that would be revealed to the Vatican or but it just comes just like John the Baptist. It comes like the birth of our Lord in a stable. Glory to God. So help me the hour is at hand. What was humility? Is acknowledging your limitations, giving credit where it's due, taking correction without being defensive. Now, now that there's something to sit on for a while, taking correction without being defensive, that don't mean that you can't fire back and say, "Well, listen, you got the details wrong." But taking correction without being defensive means you're protecting your own image. You're you're saying, "I'm listen, I I'm going to protect my own image at any cost." It's serving serving others without needing recognition is what humility is. Yielding your rights when love demands it. So, what's Paul doing? He's challenging the Corinthians to be loving, not arrogant, seeking to help and edify. Brother Brown said, "And God be if God be with us, then where is all the miracles?" He said, "Many person has been deceived in receiving the Holy Ghost." People fall blindly on there and go through some kind of a sensation, raised back up with a arrogant spirit, indifferent, fussy, high temper. That's not the spirit of God. Still continue right on out of order. Don't what know what church order is. Don't know how to behave themselves in the house of God. No manners. No just no audacity at all. No feelings towards God. All they think about is my church. It shows they received a church spirit and not the spirit of God because it knocks all that out of you. Burns it up. What's Paul talking about? Spiritual arrogance. That simply being correct in doctrine is not enough. That without love, knowledge just becomes prideful and destructive. So true maturity as we're talking true true maturity the life of Christ has got to be expressed in the church and and that show true maturity just shows not just in how much you know but in how the word is expressed in your life how much you care for others and how much you love God. Now let's let's take a step back again cuz I know this starts feeling like the preacher is attacking the people. the the word is attacking all of us. It's attacking me just as well as anybody else to examine our lives and make sure we're measuring up to what the word says we should be. And how so let's keep reading on it as we as we're about to close. In chapter in verse four it says, "As concerning therefore the eating of those things that are offered in sacrifice unto all idols, we know that an idol is nothing in the world, and that there is none other god but one. For though there be that are called gods, whether in heaven or in earth, as there be God's many, and Lord's many, but to us there is but one God, the Father of whom are all things, and we in him, and one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we by him. How be it, there is not in every man that knowledge. For some with conscience of the idol unto this hour eat it as a thing offered unto an idol. And their conscience being weak is defiled. But meat commendeth us not to God. For neither if we eat are we the better, neither if we eat not are we the worse. But take heed, lest by any means this liberty of yours become a stumbling block to them that are weak. So it's about your conscience, right? And their conscience, right? This is about appearances and influence. That what you're doing might not be sin in itself, but if it encourages someone else to violate their conscience, it's spiritually reckless. In verse 10 says, "For if any man see thee which hath knowledge to sit at meat in the idol's temple, shall not the conscience of him which is weak be emboldened to eat those things which are offered to idols? You may be right in your knowledge, but if your liberty leads someone else into sin because they followed your example, you've crossed the line." Love limits liberty. Their knowledge that an idol is nothing is correct. But only when exercised in love does this knowledge build up the body of Christ. And we'll stop right there. But the essence of this is that Christianity is living for others. Amen. God bless you, saints. [Applause]
