################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - 25-0413 - 1 Corinthians 7 - Freedom under Headship - Bob Black - Bob Black.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-13
Title:   25-0413 - 1 Corinthians 7 - Freedom under Headship - Bob Black
Speaker: Bob Black
Church:  Spoken Word Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G64gONeEJfA
========================================

[Music] God bless you saints. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Let's turn to uh 1 Corinthians chapter 7 if you have your Bible. And we're going to continue on from the scriptures we were looking at in uh verses 21 to 23. Let's bow our heads. Well, God, we're so grateful for your word that you've given unto us in this hour. I pray God that you'll be with us today Lord as we come with expect expecting hearts Lord God that you'll give us what we have need of. Be with us in the services Lord Jesus. Grant and I pray Lord that you'll help us as we study these things out Lord and walk through your scriptures Lord. Give us the meaning and give us the essence of what it's saying. Lord we pray in your name. Amen. So uh let's let's take I I just want to take a thought this morning and from these scriptures that um there's freedom freedom under headship. And so what Paul is saying here in verse 21, he says, "Art thou called being a servant? Care not for it. But if thou mayest be made free, use it rather." So, of course, he's kind of telling the Corinthians that, you know, uh uh you whatever whatever kind of station you are in life that God can use that to be um whatever your job is, whatever your role at, whatever your position is, if you're um you know, back then in that time that they were living in, if you're a servant or slave or whatever you are, then then um you can be a a witness in that in that role. But then he starts he says for for he that is called in the lord being a servant is the lord's free man. And uh so just wanted to meditate on on that uh how what what maybe really what a strange thing that is that in in uh when you get moved under the headship of of Christ that you're both free and a servant at the same time. He that is called on the Lord being a servant is the Lord's freeman. Likewise, he also he that is called being free is Christ's servant. Ye are bought with a price. Be not ye the servants of men. And we want to kind of compare that with uh later on in that chapter. Um and Paul kind of gets to he he starts u framing up how uh kind of beginning to frame up how a a woman is should should be should treat her husband and those kind of things. And he says he makes this statement that the wife is bound by the law as long as her husband liveth. So there's there's that those two those two things the law the law where you're trying to you're just trying to kind of earn your salvation. You're trying to trying to do things to to appease a holy God. And and then there comes a place when that that dies. The if the wife is bound by the law as long as her husband liveth. But if her husband be dead, she is at liberty. Now there's the grace that you have by the by the the go the true preaching of the a living gospel brings liberty. If her husband be dead, she is at liberty to be married to whom she will only in the Lord. And you know, uh, brother Brown want to use that example of Abigail and Nabal that, um, that she she was married to Nabal and and just just kind of a a rough individual kind of terrible and David's trying to do good to him and he returns it with evil and then then Nabal uh dies and now she's got she's got liberty. And uh, in other words, the truth the truth will make you free from sin. And the truth will make you will give you liberty. In John 8:34, Jesus says, he answered them. He said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, whosoever committh sin is the servant of sin. And the servant abideth not in the house forever, but the son abideth ever. If the son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." And again in verse 30 he said as he spoke these words many believed on him then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him if you continue in my word then are ye my disciples indeed and ye shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free. Now the truth uh so again we're meditating on what Paul said in verse 22. He that is called on the Lord being a servant is the Lord's freeman. Likewise also he that is called being free is Christ's servant. That when you move under the headship of Christ, it makes you free from from all that all all that past that you've been living in. like uh you know just kind of meditate on the um when they came over the the Red Sea and they watched all the Egyptians be washed away and there Miriam took up that tambourine and started to rejoice. You you think about what made her made her rejoice to to to think that to look back and see all of those that no more brickmaking. I'm never going to have to make another brick. No more whips. No more task masters. Now, now that's the the literal servitude that sin brings under back, you know, back then. But it it that that's the same effect that a life of sin has to an unbeliever. No, no more hiding. No more hiding male children. No more sneaking around. No more hindered worship. No more humiliation. Miriam picking up that tambourine. I I ain't got to deal with none of that anymore. she'd never have to walk without God's presence again all the way through the wilderness of Israel that the the wilderness that they uh that they followed behind the pillar of fire. A and my you think you think about uh you know they say that there was that was uh with all that multitude that came over the Red Sea that was um about 20 20,000 women at that time. So it wasn't just Mary. You think about the praise that that was taking place there when they come over because what what was it? The truth that they had heard that they were following had given them liberty by destroying their past destroying washing all that away. Now, now there's there's really what Paul's talking about. The wife is bound by the law as long as her husband liveth. But but now when all that's dead, when it's washed away, Amen. Now she's got liberty. Now you got liberty to be married to Christ. And so it's got to be it's got to be dead. It's got to be washed away. And you know we when you go out there and and you signify your faith by being baptized in the name of Jesus, that's actually symbolizing really what happened there with Mary crossing the Red Sea. It's all washed away. I'm being uh going down in I'm going down in the water to identify myself with Christ. And Jesus is the truth. And knowing Jesus is what sets us free. John 8:36 says, "If the son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." In Romans chapter 6 22 it says, "But now being made free from sin and become servants to God, you have your fruit unto holiness and the end everlasting life." Second Corinthians, Paul said, "Now the Lord is that spirit, and where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty." In Romans chapter 8, Paul said, "For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death." And Galatians, Paul said, "Wherefore, thou art no more a servant, but a son, and if a son, than an heir of God through Christ." So freedom, you you know, we're talking about freedom. It doesn't come from from uh escaping Pharaoh. It doesn't come from escaping Rome. It doesn't come from escaping a legal system, but it comes from knowing Christ and walking in his spirit. Amen. And being delivered from sin's grip and the fear of death. It's about knowing Jesus. In Matthew chapter 7, Jesus said,"Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name, and in thy name have cast out devils, and in thy name done many wonderful works. And then will I prophesy unto them, I never knew you. Depart from me, ye that work iniquity." So, you can tell from that scripture that knowing Christ is is more than just religion. It's a personal relationship. I I was riding around with my wife this weekend or uh or recently and we we just passed by all these uh little like lodges on the side of the road. There's a a lodge for policemen. We passed by. I was getting work on my car and there was a lodge for policemen and a lodge for this and a lodge for that. And you know that's what brother Ram would say that a lot of churches have become is a lodge and a lodge is a place where you come to just do to to see one another and to do things. But the difference between a lodge and a a a real church of the living God is the life because it's about knowing Christ. You know, you can actually you can actually come to church and and and recite things and and learn and and whatnot, but that will not actually give you freedom. But when you enter into a personal relationship with God, that's where freedom begins to come. and liberty. Liberty. Liberty is when you actually see a supernatural God come and wash away the past, wash away all the sins and make way for you to enter into a relationship with Christ. Amen. And and so what I'm framing up is to know him. To know him is freedom. To know him is liberty. That's right. And Paul would talk about coming under headship that you're you're you know, he he would frame it up that God is the head of all of us. God is the head of the man and the man has to conduct himself in a in a certain way, look different. His hairstyle even has to be different to signify difference between a man and a woman. What's he framing up? Headship. And then the man is over the woman in headship. And if you fra if you put that all together, when you come under headship correctly, then that brings liberty. When you've got a church under headship correctly, when you've got a father under headship to God, when you've got a woman that's under headship to the father and and the children under headship and everything moving right along, then then now you've got real liberty to know Christ to know Christ is where that freedom is. And uh I'm just reading a couple of quotes. Brother Ram said, "And God is a provided way." He said, "We ch send our children away to Bible school and colleges and we learn them the Bible. What good does it do to know the Bible if you don't know the author?" The Bible doesn't say, now here's here's a statement now that the Bible doesn't say to know the word. Satan knows the word better than any student in the world. That don't make him saved. It's not by knowing the word. as knowing him is life. To know him and and a greater than Solomon is here. He said, "Have you ever accepted him as your savior? Do you know him as your savior?" If you got your name on a church book and that's all you know, leave that where it's at. But come here and know him. Not to know his book is life, but to know him. Know him, not the word him. Satan knows the book. Certainly. A fellow said to me one time, I was talking about the security of the believer. Said, 'You don't know your Bible. I said, 'But I know the author. That's the main thing. I know the author. To know him is life. That's right. And if you don't know him, why not come up here now and stand right here in his presence. Now, see, that's what brings freedom. You say, "Well, what are you talking about, Brother Bob? That sounds very confusing." Well, you can you can read Matthew 28:19 and and argue and debate it about it all day long, but if you know Christ, he will give you the true essence of the meaning. And then now you can read, you're not you don't have to skip over Acts 2:38. You can read it with knowing the real what what it's really saying. You see that's so you can it's it takes it from just an argument where you're just debating with somebody and you're I I've talked to people from different denominations that could almost that that they almost run around you with their knowledge of the scriptures and things. But oh but when Christ comes that Christ will and when he interprets his word you know they could they could maybe they could argue up and down about exactly how the water was parted when they crossed the Red Sea. But but God settled the arguments when he parted the water. Right? When God when when Moses threw his staff down and and his snake gobbled up the others, that settles the arguments. You could debate all up and down about how it happened and what what happened what what it was done. But when God comes on the scene and makes it a living reality, that settles every argument. Now, so that's what we're talking about. Freedom to enter under headship of Christ, that to to know him and the power of his resurrection, that he's alive and well and and and not we're not just learning about things, but he's actually living living in his word. To know him is freedom. The spirit of God changes everything. you you know when you're born again it it it brother Ram would say the evidence of being born again is to it makes you agree with the word because agreement is unity unity of thought or belief alignment with the word and so you can see as you begin to align with the word is what Paul's framing up here as he continues on in first Corinthians that it actually makes your life start to line up with the word. It it makes your your nature starts to be changed. An individual's very nature is being changed by receiving the Holy Ghost. Amen. It's the revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you so much that the spirit in you agrees with the word. And and that's why in 1 Corinthians chap 11, he'd say, Paul would make this statement. He said, "I'd have you know that the head of every man is Christ, and the head of the woman is the man, and the head of Christ is God. Every man praying or prophesying, having his head covered, dishonorth his head. But every woman that prayth or prophesieth with her head uncovered, dishonorth her head. For that is even all one as if she were saving." And you continue on. He said, "But if a woman have long hair, it is a glory to her, for her hair is given her for a covering." Now, now look, you you can read many many of us here have have looked at that scripture before with an intellectual understanding and not understood it. And then all of a sudden, Christ comes and you read it different. You talk to somebody and they just you can you can show them like point read it out. It says a woman's hair is her covering and and it's like it's just hidden. It's failed. But then when God takes the veil away, then you read it differently. Now, that's how the whole Bible is. The whole the whole Bible is a it's a supernatural book where you can read it with intellectual eyes and you just can't understand, but then God comes and takes the veil away. And the whole the whole book is like that. It's a supernatural book where you'll read you'll read the seven seals and you'll read what the seven stars and all the things in Revelation and you won't be able to understand maybe at first but then God takes the veil away and it's plain as day. It's almost like how did I how did I miss this before? Now, now see what what's happening though is that you you understand as God reveals it to you. Then you're being brought under headship and and that is what gives you liberty from your past from from condemnation from sin because you're being you're being brought under headship the headship of Christ. So what's headship now? That you know a man a man wh why why does he have to wear short hair? Why? Why does he have to wear? Because man, a man is the symbolic representation of Christ on earth. He's a man dishonors God by when he if he's got long hair, he's he's dishonoring God by rejecting the role that God assigned to him. And and you think that every man in here, God has given you the role of spiritual headship that you you're the head of your home. And if you act if you move into the role of of a woman, you're getting out of your role. You're you're you're moving out of what God has assigned for you to do. A man that acts like a little and won't do what God said. Or a man that starts wearing his hair long, he's he's getting out of that role. for a man to act or appear in a way that blurs the god orained distinctions between male and female such as adopting a woman's like wearing a dress or something wearing a kilt like I've seen on the subway like what are you wearing long hair you you dishonor Christ authority over him over him and a woman on the other side she she dishonors her head her spiritual authority by cutting her hair short or shaving it because she's rejecting the visible sign of her God-given role. What's her what's her role? To be a help to her husband, to be a help. The the man's role is to be in a head and the woman's role is to help him out. And I tell you what, if you got a if you got a woman that helps, that is really in her role, my goodness, that makes it so much easier. You know, a man's role is when he's out there working, you he'll come home late. Maybe a lot of times you have to work overtime and trying to get that overtime hours and and you're slaving out. It feels like you're slaving for the for the for the man and so forth. And then you come home and your wife's got a hot plate of food for you and she's there to greet you with a kiss. You see, everything's you're in your role. But when you get home and she's trying to take headship and trying to tell you, I don't understand why wh why why you weren't here to you, you know, fill in my role, then everything gets out of cater. But you, she's a help me for you to help and support your role in headship. And and see I if everything's if if we're in our role, that's when things work right. That's when that's when you have liberty. where when we when we're under headship of Christ, that's when we really have liberty. And Paul's got Paul establishes this headship order, God, man or woman. And when a woman removes the symbol of submission, her long hair, she is symbolically saying, "I don't accept that order." You think about that that the these these outward things, it's like an outward display that something's taking place on the inside. On the inside, I don't I don't believe that's why Paul said that you wear your long hair. You wear your long hair because of the angels. What what angels? The ministers that are preaching the gospel that are that are laboring to to expose the word and share and feed you. And then you you you out inwardly inwardly you don't believe and then outwardly it's expressed by the way that you dress and the way that you the way that you portray. Now in ancient times shaving a woman's head was a sign of of of grief or or punishment for adultery or slavery or or temple prostitution and pagan cults and so forth. So Paul's saying if you don't want to wear your hair long then just shave it off. But that would be a disgrace and you know it. because you're totally out of of of the plan of God. What what short what is shorehead symbolize to a woman? It's it's basically dishonor. She's rejecting her headship. She symbolically denies male headship and divine order. She's she's lost her her distinction, her god-given gender distinction. She erases a god-given difference between male and female. and she's associating herself with shame. Short or shaved hair was a cultural symbol of disgrace, rebellion, or immorality. Headship, headship, we we think sometimes of headship is like this constraint like I'm bound under servitude. But headship is order. And when you got order, then you got freedom. That's right. When you got order, then then you got peace. Amen. when you got order everything. And that's why Paul's saying in verse 22, he that is called in the Lord being a servant is the Lord's freeman. Likewise, he also he that is called being free is Christ servant. So there's the question. Do do kind of point out the sisters. Do do you wear a dress and and long hair because you're afraid of what? afraid or is it fear or is it because Christ is your head? And and that goes for everything every all all the things that we're framing up. Is it because are you doing it out of fear? Fear fear has torment or are you doing it because Christ is is truly your head that comes from a personal relationship with him? What what is headship? Headship is like a uh it's like a a a door that we walk through. You know the head has got the vision. The vision and and when uh like the man the man has the vision for his home of how he wants things to be ordered and how he wants things to be structured and how everything should be done. And when the wife comes under that headship, then she's accepting his vision for his vision for order for how the home should be structured. And she lays aside her own vision and steps into the vision of her head. That's right. Now, that's the same thing with a with the bride in Christ. She might have we might have all kinds of ideas of how things should work. But then you look into the Bible and you see how what God how God is instructing you and you lay down your own will and you step into the vision of his divine order. God is the head. Christ is the head of man. Spiritual authority and and lordship. And man is the head of woman. leadership in the home and church. You know, it's that's one of those things though really it's it's kind of hard to get under headship, isn't it? You'll see people say you hear hear sisters say sometimes, I don't care what my husband says. It it it's that's the thing that we we fight, you know, and you I I I've heard sisters even testify when they were coming to the message, I don't care what you say that I'm not supposed to wear uh pants. I I need to hear brother Brandham say it, for example. And and they don't I don't care what a minister says. I don't care what a man says. And then you hear brother Brandham say it and you're like, okay, eat pie. And you you'll finally But it's that struggle. the struggle to lay down our own will and and say I'm I'm wrong and I'm I'm gonna do that's why you know come we we we almost make a new birth clinical like we're just learning but oh there's a struggle there's a death a dying out you got to die you got to lay down yourself there's birth pains and travail you can't have a birth without without coming through something without without coming through What what it would be a strange thing if I watched all my children be children be born and then come out and said, "Well, it was just a very clinical exercise." No, it was it was blood and water and crying and and all of that that goes into the birth and you can you can make it nail it down to where it's a real clinical exercise. Well, this is what happened. But when you go through it, there's a lot of things going on to bring her out of birth. And when the life comes, you know it's there. Headship is devotion to the vision and order and person of your head. Headship is freedom. Headship is liberty. Headship is about it's about divinely ordered responsibility and mutual honor. Headship means now this is for the men as we're about to close here in just a moment. Headship means headship means bearing the burden. Now, now if you really get this, this this is what gives liberty. A a little a little sister thinks she thinks, you know, she's married to her husband. She thinks she might get you might get in their head. I'm speaking of Christ in the church. Really, you think, well, it's my responsibility to provide for the family or protect the family. Praise God. It ain't. It's the man's responsibility right now. Now, if we as as as uh as the bride of Christ can really get that picture that it ain't my responsibility to provide, it's our responsibility to lean on him for everything that he that we need. Now, our role as a man in the church, it's our responsibility to provide, but as a as our role as the bride of Christ, our responsibility is just to lean on him for everything we have need of. That's where you've got that that almost like a trickle down. God is he he's going to provide for us if we'll just trust in him. But then our man our role as a man and the body of Christ is to to bear the burden of our family to protect, provide, and lay down our life as Christ did for the church. The musicians can go ahead and come forward. Submission to headship as a Christian is not legalism. Now there's there's the key difference. It's not legalism. It's obedience to divine order, not an attempt to earn salvation through rules. When you come under the headship of Christ, you're doing it because you love him. And you're doing it because you accept the vision that he has for the divine order of your life and the divine order of your church. And you're saying, "I want that kind of peace in my life. I want that kind of fellowship. That's what I want. I'm submitting myself to him, then Christ can come and move and do with us. That's why Paul says in Galatians chapter 5, I'll end on this. Stand fast, therefore, in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage. Ain't no going back to Egypt once once c God comes and washes away all that. I I I'm standing fast in the liberty that God has given us. Ain't no going back to be entangled with all of that yoke of bondage. Don't go back to the slavery of trying to earn anything, trying to earn your salvation, but just rest in Christ and let Christ do it. Cuz we're if we're under his headship, he's obligated to fulfill his word and make it come to pass in our life. All we got to do is believe him. God bless you, saints. [Applause]
