################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2013-10-15 - When Tried In The Fire Part 2 - 2013 09 08e - Pastor Isiah Brooks - Isiah Brooks.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2013-10-15
Title:    When Tried In The Fire Part 2 - 2013 09 08e - Pastor Isiah Brooks
Speaker:  Isiah Brooks
Church:   Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 20m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFAIItQCegk
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
When Tried In The Fire Part 2
Pastor Isiah Brooks
Recorded - 2013 09 08e
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Oh, just steady day now. Our Lord is coming. He'll be returning for you and [Music] me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting. [Music] Just any day now, his face I'll see. Just any day now, our Lord is coming. He'll be [Applause] returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting. Just any day now, his face shall see. Sing that again. Just any day now. Our Lord is coming. We'll be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching. Oh my waiting just in any day now his face I'll see. Let's sing that once again. Just any day now our Lord is coming. will be returning for you and me. Oh, and I'll be watching and I've been waiting. Woo! [Music] Oh my. Hallelujah. His face. Can we sing it once again? Hallelujah. Just any day now. Our Lord is coming. We'll be returning for you and me. Oh, and I've been watching and I've been waiting just in day now. His face I'll see. I remember that song when I first came into the message and it's still sweet. Amen. Glad to see everybody here. Amen. By the grace of the Lord. Ain't God good to us. We're not going to prolong the time because we got communion. We're just going to go right into the word of God. Uh how many was blessed this morning? I truly was blessed by the grace of God myself. Uh without the Lord, where would we be? And that song is so appropriate. Just any day now. Oh my God. Woo. It'll be worth It's been worth it. I was telling my daughters uh coming down uh here tonight uh we've come too far. We've come too far to quit, to give up. Amen. We have invested all of our lives. We've made a lot of mistakes. But thank God for the grace of God. Amen. I'm so grateful for that. I don't know what to do. Amen. We're going to start at Daniel 12 and 10. By the grace of God, a I'm still excited. I was that uh those songs our brother sang this morning. Uh I I tell you what, that's just something about it. I just love that. And uh you know it's it's amazing what simplicity can do. You know it's just like uh Psalms 23. You can't add nothing to it. You can't take nothing away from it's perfect as it is. Amen. Amen. I know there's probably many people have tried to add something. You can't. And it covers everything. It's finished. Amen. Daniel 12:10. Many shall be purified and made white and tried, but the wicked shall do wickedly, and none of the wicked shall understand, but the wise shall understand. Oh, I love this. Amen. Proverbs 9 and1 and from there we'll go to Luke the 6th chapter. But Proverbs 9 and1 says wisdom hath built her house. She hath heuned out her seven pillows. Now that's a lesson in itself. But um let us turn to Luke the 6th chapter. Amen. Luke 6:4 uh 8. I believe that's where I want to go. Let's let's start at the 46th verse. And why call ye me Lord, Lord, and do not the things which I say? Whosoever cometh to me and heareth my sayings and doeth them, I will show you to whom he is like. He is like a man built a house and dig deep and laid the foundation on a rock. And when the flood arose, the streams beat beheimately upon the house, and could not shake it, for it was founded upon a rock. But he that heareth and doeth it not is like a man without a foundation built upon the earth against which the stream did beat veheimly and immediately it fell and the ruins of the house was great. Let us pray. Heavenly Father God we come before you Lord. We thank you for your grace and your mercy. Forgive us, Father, for anything we may have said or done. Lord, we pray that you would just bless each and every heart here tonight or this evening. Give us what we stand in need of, and we'll be careful to give you the praise, glory, and honor. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. We were late coming in. I call myself resting just a little bit. And in that time of rest, while the communion bread was being baked, it burned. So I had to do it all over again. And so that's what we what caused us to be late. And for whatever reason, the second batch took a long little longer than the first basically because I wanted to get here on the grace grace of God. But I tell you what, you can't hurry God. I thought if I turned it up a little high, it Yes, it did get it baked quickly. But you know, I thank God for his grace and his mercy. He always bring it right. We're not supposed to work in haste. Every time we do that, we get in trouble. And so the Lord showed me that because here I was I totally forg I know we were having communion had not my daughter say well and my wife and they were telling me well you need to make the communion bread. I'm like oh Lord bless his name. But anyway, we're here tonight and we realize by the grace of God that uh a lot of us don't like being the process of purification. Amen. You know, because the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses us from all unrighteousness. Amen. But in our day, uh God's purification system is fire. Amen. He is the fire that baptizes your soul, cleanses you with fire. Amen. Understand this. And then we read this morning where the Bible said, "Think it not strange when you fall into uh the fiery trials try you." Those tests and trials that comes to try your character because that's what we want. Amen. Brother Brandham said that's the only thing that will take to the other side. Amen. Is character. Amen. I read the scripture this morning how I mean this evening how Amen. The Bible tells us, Amen. that uh this man who was wise dug deep. Amen. He he was wanting to make sure that his foundation was secure. Amen. Because I don't care how fancy the house could be or would be, if the foundation is shaky, it just takes a little time for that uh house to show that the foundation uh wasn't set just right. If it's not placed on something solid, something, you know, now we're finding, amen, that many houses right now are literally falling into sink holes. Amen. because they didn't do enough research on the land in which they were building the house or the building or the road. And God knows that's got to be an experience. Amen. For you to fall. I remember the fell in Florida. I thought to myself, he must have done something really bad to be in his bed and the whole earth swallows him up. I don't know. But that had to be a horror. Amen. For that experience. And they couldn't find him. They never did. But nevertheless, there's something greater than that sinkhole. We call it hell. Amen. Now, we know that we're living. This is the subject part two. When tried in the fire, because I want you to understand that the trials are there to perfect you. Amen. Or to bring that perfection to a place where it can be seen. Amen. Brother B said, "We have everything in us already." That's right. What we need is already there for the rapture. Amen. But it takes something to pull that out of you. Now, I'm going tell you, for those of us who married, like I said, and my wife is not here, but I've said it in her presence many times. Before I got married, I thought I was ready for the rapture. It's the truth. She probably thought that, too. But you see, when you get these two rocks rubbing together, there are things, Amen. that's there you didn't even know was there. Amen. Oh, it's the truth. But it's a good thing because what happens is after a while, both of those edges become smooth. Amen. Fitly join together. Come on, somebody. It's there. It's God's program. It's the way God ordained it. Amen. Now, you know, we look at this thing and I I I tell people, I said, "Listen, when when God chose you, he he knew the exact plan he was going to work with you." There was no mistake. God don't have slip ups. Amen. God knew exactly what it was going to take to perfect you. And if you don't want to be perfect, and if you don't want to be like God, stop asking him to be. Amen. Because you ask God, he answers. Amen. All right. Oh, it doesn't come in the flavor that you like, but it comes in the flavor that God knows suits you best. Amen. Remember, every decision that God makes for us, we benefit from it. That's why we go to him in prayer. Lord, teach us, lead us, guide us, show us, amen, what we need to do, how we need to act. Come on, somebody. Lead us. Amen. And like I said this morning, if you're disconnected, how you going to know what God plans are for you? Amen. The Bible said that wisdom built her house. She have heuned out seven pillars. And you understand these pillars of stone and realize by the grace of God. Amen. Every church age, like I said this morning, had their trials. They had their tests. And glory to God, God selected you to come in the worst of all ages. Come on, somebody. The best for last. Amen. Because he has confidence [Music] in you. Is that right? Remember I told you that story? Brother Brandham told that story about how the the young man was wounded in the war. I love that. that that has been really coming to me more and more and more because he was wounded and he had amnesia. Is that right? And while he was on the train, he's looking out the window. The train stops at a depot and all of a sudden something happened. The man sees something in the distance that seemed familiar and he begins to get up and walk off the plane. And the the the man responsible for him said, "Uh uh, should I stop him?" "No, let him go on." And what happened? and he kept walking, turning, and everything else. And everything began to become more familiar. That's what it is about the word. That's why you can say amen to things that this message says because now you're beginning to remember where you came from and where you're going. Sin brought this amnesia to your mind. But the word of God came to erase that amnesia. taken away that you can clearly see who you are. Amen. And what you come for Hallelujah. Is that all right? So that's what it is. We we come to be tried and it's the greatest love story ever, ever, ever, ever. And it is all about love from Genesis to Revelation. and and know that God, Amen, by the time we get to heaven, he won't have to ever worry about you not loving him. Amen. He'll never have he'll never have another Lucifer. Yes, sir. Come on. Realize realize Lucifer was not connected. Had he been a son, hallelujah, he would have had the creative ability. Amen. Amen. He had everything but that. Amen. and God comes along. You as a fallen individual gives you the Holy Ghost, which is a creative ability. It is Amen. God's creation. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. See, he was he was he was a he was a beast. Call it what you want to cherub him, serap him, whatever you call him. He was a covering angel, but he didn't have the gene of God in his soul. Amen. You hear what I'm saying? Amen. So, look at all of those eons of years. The Bible doesn't even tell how long he was there, but all it took was a season and a time and he was made manifest. Amen. So, why would she? Why? Oh my goodness. I never thought he. I never thought she. I never thought they. But look at the whole scope of the message. Yeah. Amen. All these years, people who had programs building churches all over the place are now turning. Why? Because it's the season. Yeah. Amen. It is the season of the rapture. Come on, somebody. It is the season of the rapture. That's why it must happen. But at the same time, you got those who are hungry and thirsting for God, wanting more. God, give me more. Give me more. There's no turning back. There's no turning around. And it is decision making time. You're going to Listen, I was telling the devil, I talk to him like a natural man sometime. I said, "Listen, I want you to know I wasn't created for hell." Amen. I wasn't created for the reason of the laws. I'm not going there. I'm not yours. So, you might as well forget it. That's good, brother. Amen. Right. My sheep hears my voice and a stranger will not follow. So why on earth I am going to let you talk to me when you already fallen and lost. Amen. You can't show me the way. Hallelujah. The way has already been made and revealed. So we're looking at a time and and it is a decision time. But you got to understand you and I cannot exempt these trials. First of all, God said if you're going to follow me, take up your cross. That's right. Amen. Is that right? Amen. It is a way of crucifixion. And it is a way of sacrifice. And like I say, a real sacrifice hurt. Amen. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. If I asked if you got a million dollars and and I asked you for a hundred, that didn't hurt you none. Y'all hear what I'm saying? It got to hurt. It's got to be a big portion in order for it to become a sacrifice. And I showed you how it was with Abraham. God asked Abraham for his very life. Amen. When he asked for Isaac, right? That was Abraham existence. Without that Isaac, Abraham could not have continued because Isaac was the promised seed. If God was to take that away and not repair it or return it, Abraham would have been a man who would have not been a father of many nations. But God could not come back. Go back on his on his word. His void word could not come back void. But he had to test Abraham. Let me tell y'all something so you can understand what Calvary was all about. It was such a love for God gave a sacrifice that hurt. Yes, sir. Amen. Y'all hear what I'm saying? He literally risked his own life, if I could put it that way. He but he you know God can't die. The spirit God is God. But he placed himself in a human body so that you can get an understanding on how deep the love of God is for those whom he redeemed. Thank you Lord. He basically came and he worked with something that was literally saying if if Jesus don't that's what brother Brandham said. If he wasn't able to claim it, he said all would have been lost. Amen. All would have been lost. But because Christ died for us, it was a love affair. It literally hurts emotions that God God got feelings. Amen. Can you imagine the spirit God looking at his son and he know his son has become sin and he pulls himself back and his son crying out my God my God why hast thou forsaken me. Y'all know how y'all how children do when you when you spank them or you you you judge them or you you do something and you know you got to do it and and they look at you as if you have done the the unforable sin. Are you just by mistake? Have you ever hit your child or done something by mistake or step on their toe and and the little baby look at you like what on you know it it brings a condemnation. It does something to you. But here was the son of God crying out but he had to do it. Can you imagine this pure love what it was feeling seeing his own son die. Now listen because brother Brandon said God had to pull back. Jesus went to Calvary as a man. Come on somebody. So you can see that was the the the first time since the the the the River Jordan that God had ever been separated from his son from his son. Oh, it was a historical thing. It was something that really, you know, you should really look into how important you are to him. Like the brother said not long ago, a third of heaven fell and God didn't move. But as soon as Adam fell, God come down and said, "Adam, Adam, why? Where are you? Where are you? Where are you?" Amen. There was such a connection. Amen. So listen, when we can see what God has done for us and is doing, let me tell you something. We cannot quit. You can't turn around. This is not the season. And I'm going to show you in just a moment. But wisdom is known. Wisdom is known. Understand the Bible says in Isaiah 28:16, "Therefore, thus said the Lord God, behold, I lay in Zion for a foundation a stone, a tried stone." In other words, Christ was tried for you. He was tested in every manner. The prophet of God said he was tempted in every manner but without sin. said he even got sick that he could be a high priest that would be able to be touched by the feelings of our infirmities. Come on, somebody. That's more than enough. More than enough so that he can understand your cry and your moans and your groans and your agony and and all of the things that And let me tell you something. I don't know nobody right now who's not going through trials. I mean, right now the trials and tests are so great, if you don't know God, you'll practically lose your mind. Amen. Come on, somebody. That's where the battle is. That's where the battle is. Amen. And if you're not having any, something's wrong. Devil got you. Hallelujah. You should listen. I don't know about you, but I think I fight not just my demons, but every demon that the word of God castes out in here come by my house. Y'all have no idea. But it's really bad when they stand by your prayer spot trying to stop you from praying. That's when it's rough. Yes, sir. A stone tried, he tested. And like I said, the only reason why you and I going to make heaven is because we were in him. It'll never be because of your merit or how good you were and all that, even though we love him and we keep his commandments, every man fell short. Amen. Except him. Is that right? The Bible said we are accepted in the beloved. If you're not in the beloved, you're not accepted. Hallelujah. And the only way that you could be in him is that you came out from him. Hallelujah. Amen. So wisdom, the Bible said, Amen. A tri stone, a precious stone, a sure foundation, and he that believeth shall not make haste. In other words, you're not going to build in a hurry. A real good builder is one who will build with precision, making sure, you know, like I said, you know, Noah couldn't cut any corners. He could not cut a a a limb or tree or whatever it was. a little uh a eighth of an inch short and then put some putty there. He couldn't do it. He had to be a precise builder. He had the measurement had to be exactly the way God so is it with you. Amen. And God is building a house in you. Character is being built. Is that right? Peter tells us of the perfect character. He wasn't talking about something outside of Christ. He's telling us what was in Christ that made him Christ. And he said, "If these same characteristics be in you," he said, "you won't be barren. You won't fall." Amen. Amen. Right? And you won't forget where you come from. Right? So listen, let's move on because we're living in a time when you we come to this message. Hey, y'all remember that? For those of us, some of us, you know, was Hallelujah Boulevard for years. It's true. It was Hallelujah. Then after a while it was like oh Lord help me Jesus right. It's the truth. It's the truth. God protected us and you know gave us all the sweet stuff. Then all of a sudden the storms came start coming and testing and trying you and all of that. Amen. It wasn't from next door. It was in house. Amen. Hallelujah. But that's just the way God designed it. fitly join those stones together, lively stones. You think you going to be in a church and not rub against one another every now and again, you are totally mistaken. God has these stones so rubbing together, sometimes at the end of the road, it'll be so like brother said, not even a razor blade can get between you. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. That's what he's saying. When he talk about that pyramid, he's talking about people. What the relationship this word would bring to us, Embrace us into a place, Amen. Nobody, no dirt, not even air can get between us. Amen. That's the way the bride's supposed to be. Amen. Revelations 3:18 says, "I counseledled thee to buy gold tried in the fire." So, you have been invited to be tried. Thank you, Lord. To be tried in the fire. Is that right? You've been invited to be tried in the fire. You say you're gold. So, let's prove it. Hallelujah. Tried in the fire that thou mayestth be rich and white rich right and white raignment that thou may be clothed and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear. Anoint thy eyes with eyes that thou may see. And we're living in a time when the Bible said, "Hey, be quickly to repent." Amen. That's it. That's why I said that's what give us victory. We make a plenty of mistakes, but we have the ability and the right to repent. And God gives us that repentance and then wipes it clean because he said if you confess your faults or confess your sins, he said, "I'll be faithful to forgive you of your sins and to cleanse you from all unrighteousness." That's what communion is all about. It's a memorial of what Christ has already done for us. And remember I told you what's so important about these little pieces of bread is because before I break the bread they were once it was one piece one bread so how can we not be connected right and understand it is bread without leavening that means I can't have these little things going on take a communion uh come on somebody make sure your heart is pure and clean there is no leavenning there. He said, "That's why some are sick. That's why some die or sleep." Come on. Amen. Under That's why some are weak because once the devil amen get you to to to deceive you that there is no leavenvening, he's got you in a position where he can work with you. All right. Okay. Let's move on. Now, when we look at this thing, Amen. You and I must understand. I'm going to be long tonight. Amen. because I I'm just going to read a few things and I want you to understand these tests and these trials come. Now, I I I'll be honest with you. I heard a song say Satan not only will cause you to forget who you are, but he'll also cause you to remember who you used to be. Oh, he'll bring things back to your mind. Amen. That done happened eons ago. Come on, somebody. And then try to bring a condemnation on you when you place it already under the blood. Amen. That's the devil's job. And you can't tell me he ain't good at it. He is good at it. Amen. But let's move on. We have to resist the devil. That's right. Amen. and say, like I said, we said this morning, sheep following that shepherd. One sheep, one sheep, one sheep, one sheep. You got the shepherd ahead. You got all the sheep behind the one sheep behind the other one. There ain't no sheep breaking line. There's no sheep in front of the shepherd. Everything is behind the shepherd. Amen. Come on, somebody. Cuz the shepherd, Jesus Christ, knows the way he leads us. Hallelujah. Now, listen what he says. Amen. In the message Jehovah Gyra, he said a Christian will always give you the benefit of the doubt. And of course, he pitches his tent toward the big times in Sodom and Gomorrah. Talking about Lot and backslid all he had was burnt up later. So to pitch your tent towards Sodom means eventually that's where you will end up. That's all Lot needed to do. Pitch his tent. start doing some of the things that they do in Sodom and the next thing you know you will be there. Am I making sense? Amen. Amen. Because you're different. You're different. You know you we we're we're born of God. We come from God and we go back to God. Amen. And he says, listen, all that he had, everything Lot worked for was burnt up in the fire. Amen. Just like every lukewarm believer will be, all your goods will be tried by fire and your works and it'll be burned. Amen. But then after Lot separated himself from Abraham, Abraham was dwelling in the land and God appeared to Abraham and told him that the whole land belonged to him after he separated from Lot. Is that right? All of it's yours. Look east, west, north, south. It's every bit yours. All belong to you. Walk through it. See what it look like. Oh, that's what the trouble with the Christians today. You are all hes of all things. Amen. See, it's all ours. Amen. But is not really clearly seen until we totally separate oursel. Oh, you being mean. No, sir. Don't you understand? Heaven and hell are separate. Amen. Yes, sir. Two different places, two kind of lifestyle. If you want to call the other one lifestyle, what they do in heaven is not what they doing in hell. And what they doing in hell is not what they doing in heaven. So if I came from heaven, why should not I want to do the things that in heaven instead of what's doing being done in hell? Amen. Come on. It is the truth. You look at this and that's what brother Brandham said. He said, "Whatever you doing now is what you're doing there. Whatever you're doing here is what you doing there. Wherever there is." Amen. Well, brother, if I bought a house or somebody give me a house, I go through every room in it. I'll do I go down in the basement. I go out in the garage. I want to know what I own. That's the way it was when I got saved. Y'all remember me saying that this morning? Very, these are God promises. So I just went went right through, claimed every one of them and they are mine. You know, it's just like getting into a great big arcade. Did you ever go into a big arcade? You look around, it's all belong to you. By one spirit, we are baptized into this big arcade. Every promise is yours. Something looks a little high. Get you a step ladder and get up into it. Look it over. It all belongs to you. Come on, somebody. I remember. Amen. When I first got my It was just apartment. we was living in. And I had never had one that had a loft. Amen. I pull that baby down and step by step cuz you know the devil always tell you something up there lurking something. Well, you going to look for the light to cut the light on first, right? Amen. But the devil always got you telling something, but you want to look up there to see what's there. I tell you what, that little place I moved out of down there in South uh South Carolina, whoever found it found a gold mine. I left all my good stuff down up in that loft. Totally forgot we had it. Oh my goodness. Amen. Something look a little high. Get you into a step ladder. Get into it. Look it over. It's all belong to you. Every promise is yours. Every promise is to the believer. Heir of all things all belong to you, folks. This is not supposed to stay here. I love what brother Brandham said. He said, "When I got saved, I started searching. I looked to see what was all in there. I wanted everything. I wanted to know what was mine. Divine healing, that's mine." Amen. Deliverance, that's mine. I I look, he said, "And when it was got when it if it's something too high, get on a stepladder. Lord, help me up here." Amen. So I can see what's mine so I can venture out into it. Oh my. That's the way the word is. You don't stay on the same level. You don't stay on the same level. Hello. Hallelujah. To stay on the same level is backsliding. Backsliding. Is that right? Backsliding mean you ain't going nowhere. You're just on the same you ain't you're not going forward. You're not going backwards. You're just there. That's what a backslider is. Right. So listen, we need to go forward. Amen. Don't be afraid. If the pillar of fire, if God is going before you, you don't have to fear anything. That's what he said. Joshua, fear not. Amen. I've given you the land. Amen. Hallelujah. But we have to stay with it is written. Whatever God says, it is written. Amen. We can't deviate from that because that is the only thing Satan will obey is the word of God. Amen. He has to. Lord, how will I know this? Now, I want you to show you something. I want to listen. I want you to listen quiet. God told Abraham said, "Go get a half a three-year-old and the sheep and so forth and two doves and cut them in the middle, but don't divide the birds." The birds were put in a hole. Now if you are spiritual understand the bird always uh always the sacrifice for healing. God changed from law to grace but healing has always been on the basis of faith. Think about that. Is that all right? Turn with me to Luke 17. I'm going there because I want you to understand I really believe this is what is going on right now. Luke 17. Is that all right? Let's go up to uh uh uh 28th verse. Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot, they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they built it. Whatever age you ever seen it like that before. Everywhere you go, that's what they doing. But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom, it rained fire and brimstone from heaven and destroyed them all. Even thus shall it be in the day when the son of man is revealed. Has the son of man been revealed? So it must be the day. Conditions are here. Is that right? He said in that day he which shall be on the housetop and his stuff in the house, let him not come down to take away. And he that is in the field, let him likewise not return back. What he saying? Don't be overcharged. Don't let stuff make you overcharged. Amen. You got to protect what and how you going to carry it. Y'all hear what I'm saying? I tell you what, if anybody know about stuff, I do. And I never knew I had so much stuff until I came to Iowa. I'm still trying to get rid of stuff. No, it's true. But the Bible says in the 32nd verse, remember Lot's wife? And I wish this was my original uh uh uh uh uh uh thing, but I heard a brother say, which I really believe it. He said, was he just warning us or was it a prophecy? Everything else is a prophecy. So re Lot's wife must have been a prophecy, a hidden thing right there that God threw out. because he knew that they were going to come, amen, of believe the sign group. He knew that there was going to be many people who would follow that. Remember the Lord showed me there would be a great falling away as soon as the Lord showed me this thing came out. Right? Y'all remember me tell I told you. Now, it wasn't my word. I didn't know nothing about that, but God showed me even when it was going to be in 2012, so many deaths and all of that thing that took place. other brothers like brother Randy God revealed to him he said God showed me the same thing my point is look at Lot's wife all of a sudden this message is too legal all of a sudden it's too straight all of a sudden all these things that God spoke listen if brother Brandham ain't it then tell me who is you think it's been Y'all hear what I'm saying? If he's not at Listen, God didn't tell me to explain it. He asked me to believe it. Amen. And then you get this cloud. They said, "Well, it was this on this that." Why don't you think God know what he was doing? Jesus went and ate corn on the Sabbath day. Amen. He's lord of it. Amen. I don't care if there was 50 plains in that air. It didn't form that because Amen. The prophet God said that was my Lord. Amen. And those planes couldn't have caught him up in that in that in the cloud. He was caught up. Amen. I don't understand people's mind. But what it is, this had to be fulfilled because this is the season of the coming of the Lord. Amen. And he says, "Now remember, those who turn around will be caught by the fire." Yes, sir. He said, "Miss Lot just barely looked over her shoulder because of her children and her grandchildren." Lord, he said she had a greater right to look over her shoulder. He said, "But we know better." Amen. She had no example. But what it was, the word said, "Whatever you do, don't look back." And he said she heard their cry. She felt, you know, my grandchildren, my children, and they burning in the fire and she barely looked. He said, "That's exactly what Eve did." That's right. And what happened? The fire came. Don't tell me this is not a season of turning around. Don't tell me this is not a season of quitting. Don't tell me this is not a season of unbelief. Y'all hear what I'm saying? It's happening everywhere. I got a close friend of mine who could preach. I'll preach me 10 to one. 10 to one. Left his wife, divorced her, remarried, got children, tattoos all over the world, running to Vegas and everywhere else. Deep in this message. Hello. It could have been me. It could easily been you. But what it is, something got us pressing. Oh, it doesn't mean it doesn't hurt. It hurts. But I refuse to barely, merely look over my shoulder. I refuse it. I'm going to keep my eyes on Jesus. It's got to come. Is that right? Amen. Because he begins to tell us about the rapture who he goes on to say, "Whosoever shall seek to save his life shall lose it, and whosoever shall lose his life shall preserve it." And you know the squeeze coming. You know the test is coming, folks. It's happening. The way Putin is all over there in Russia and everything about what we doing in America, the bomb is in the shelter. All he not need to do is get upset one too many times, take a vodka, and hit it. Amen. Cuz that's what brother Brandham said. They say one day they'll have too many bakers. Hello. And they are they they you know what they doing? They thinning us out. Amen. Brother Brandon even made a quote how America would be overthrown because of her her rejecting the gospel. The church is overthrown and so is the governor's or government is overthrown. Amen. Overthrown. Right now she's overthrown. ruled by the Catholic Church, right? Amen. The fire. We don't have much time. You can say, "Oh, brother, listen. Don't you go by what your eyes are seeing." Amen. If you praying, you ought to be able to sense this thing. Amen. It is a time of urgency. How do you know, brother M? Because I'm going to tell you something. Those devils don't want to easily let you go. That's right. Amen. Amen. It's more difficult now than it's ever been to be delivered or overcome. I know what I'm talking about. Amen. I fight all the time. I lose some and I win some. But you know what, brother? I'm still a winner because of the grace of God. He says, "Listen, whosoever is a seek is like like righteous, right?" He said, "I tell you, in that night there should be two in the bed." That's what he he's like explaining the rapture. Miss Lot turns right a after she turns to you see what I'm saying in the same thing he's talking about the future events and he's telling you remember Lot's wife is that a prophecy is it a just a warning see everything else was a prophecy this is going to happen and is happening and he answers and said where Lord and he said to them in the 37th verse Wheresoever the body is, thither will the eagles be gathered together. Oh, ain't you glad? Aren't you happy that God gave us a bloody bleeding message and he's promised that where the eagles the eagles will stay with it. She'll stay with it. Amen. She can't she can't help it. She knows that's where the fresh kill is. She understands that this is the thing that'll give me rapturing faith. The rapture faith ain't nothing but the sealing of the Holy Ghost. All right? If that same spirit be in you, remember I read that quote this morning where it says, let me read it again if that's okay. You love the Lord. You know, you look at this thing and you say, "Well, Brother Brooks, maybe I am out of my mind. I I can't help it. I I just I just know one thing that uh we're soon to be caught up out of here. I know a lot of people don't want to uh uh believe that we've seen this thing uh move and it's moved. He said without the let me he let me I don't know if that's it or not. Yeah. He said without the baptism of the Holy Ghost, he said you're lost. You won't have to worry about getting to heaven. If there's nothing in here that's supernatural, the door can't unlock. You can walk there, bump your head against it. But if the spirit of God is is in there, the spirit of God inside will unhinge the doors. See, no Pentecostal message or nothing could have told us about that. What unhinges the door? He said God to have the thing in here to unlock it yonder. That's right. So you already judge just one on what uh you think about Jesus Christ. Now here he comes torn, riven, torn to pieces. His soul went to God, blessed him, and when his soul returned back in the form of the baptism of the Holy Ghost that comes into every believer. And that's why brother Brandham, amen, no doubt was saying if Beethoven was in you, you would do the things of Beethoven. Hallelujah. If the person of Jesus Christ is in you, you will do the p the things that Jesus Christ will do. Don't you stop people till you have completely lost your mind. Amen. Hello. Don't you stop. Amen. Till you know and how many times you've seen God in you. Somebody screaming and hollering at you and you know in that old man you would have been right back on it. You can't even open your mouth. You can't say nothing and they just constantly going on and you know that ain't you. Amen. And the devil on your left side saying you know man a few days ago if they had talked to me like that. You know what I'm saying? You marvel at this thing, this Holy Ghost control. You marvel at it. That's when you know you're packing something. Come on. And understand, don't measure what I do by what you do. Amen. Every man is allowed the measure of faith. That's right. And God gives you enough faith to do what he planned for you to do. Amen. Don't give you no more. He doesn't give you no less. He gives you just what you need. God don't put on the show for nobody. Thank you, Lord. But because you have faith to move mountains don't mean that you got more God than me. Amen. Hallelujah. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Why? Because a teaspoon is just as important as a ocean. Amen. I got just as much. It's just that God done called me to do something different. Amen. So trying times is on. When? Now. Even thus shall it be in that day. Is that right? And I got here. Don't worry about your stuff. too much stuff we do. We just oh my, you know, we we get so caught up. The Bible said, "Don't even take no thought for tomorrow." And I don't anymore. Especially when it come to bills. I don't. Amen. If I'm living to see tomorrow, I work with it. Cuz that's the truth. People, y'all don't tell me, "Have you worried? You got 30 days and you worried about it 30 days. You don't do that. You enjoy Jesus day by day. Amen. God will drop something in on you. He always He's faithful. God is faithful. Listen, in the infallible word of God, that's with anything. Something do and you don't you ain't got the money and all that kind of stuff. Why you worried about it? You don't even know where you're going to live to to do it. That's right. And if you come to that day and you ain't got it, then God got a way of escape somewhere. Amen. God going to fix it. He'll work it for you. Amen. A lot of time we faint and want to give up and because we don't realize, amen, what what's next? What we supposed to do? Well, we're not supposed to worry, right? Y'all looking at like me like I'm crazy. It's the truth. What you worried about it? You either believe and trust God. Wait a minute. Let me let me let me back it up cuz I'm now in a channel. I can see I done hit something. Let me say let me tell you like this. You think God didn't know where where where you were when you was a sinner? The Bible said even darkness is like to God. Amen. God saw you on the dance room. He saw that bullet when it passed your head. He saw that man who wanted to kill you or that woman. However it was, God saw that who protected you. You know, every little thing we get into, you think God got his eyes closed, he allowed it to happen. He want to see your faith in him. Amen. If God can open a m ocean, a sea for uh uh uh Moses, what about you? Amen. Moses ain't no greater than you. A matter of fact, you're greater in that sense. You're a true son right out of his bosom. Amen. Oh, come on, somebody. I'm a witness. I can tell you some stuff. I'm in, you know, I got some situations right now and my hair ain't going great because of that. No sir, I ain't worried. No sir. You know there the devil had me in a place trying to get me to worry. Then the Lord just quickened me. You He owns everything. That's right. Amen. Let me tell y'all something. I remember the time my wife and I, we had went through a lawsuit with a house and we went through this lawsuit and for whatever reason we, you know, we didn't win it. But nevertheless, Amen. They had this house where we had owned and had gone through a foreclosure. We needed a new house. I said, "Lord, if we own if we really owe," cuz we didn't really. It was the system and the way it's designed. But the point is, I said, "God, we need this house." I said, "But if you would blind them to these records and let us get into this house," I said, "I promise I'll I'll pay it." Now, let me tell you what God did. God stripped that thing completely off the record as if we never owned it. We got a house. Hallelujah. They couldn't find it. There was no history. And the devil says, "Oh, you ought to leave it that way." I said, "No, I promise God." And I told them people, I kept calling them. I said, "It got to be somewhere cuz we live there. You need to find it." They finally found it. And the devil say, "You a foolish man." No, I promised God I would take care of it. He took care of me and I promised to do it right. Y'all hear what I'm saying? You just need to know how to talk to him. I'm telling you, he's your father. He's your dad. He tell He'll do just what you need him to do. Don't think it's strange. Amen. Listen, this is what's strange to me. He told He told David, "If you wanted Bash Sheba, you could have her." Now, that's strange. And if God could do that for Ba for David, he could do it for me. I'm just not going to refuse to ask him. Y'all understand what I'm saying? I don't care how it look like it's impossible. God is a God of impossibility that makes things possible. Amen. Don't ever look at a mountain like it can't be moved. Amen. He said it could be. You got to trust him. Speak to it. Talk to it. Oh, I know. I I It's true. It's true. Yes. Remember I said this morning, the fire that God sends your way does not come to put you in bondage. The fire and the trial that comes your way is to free you. I showed you that, right? I showed you this morning that when they threw those Hebrew boys into the fire, before they even got there, the bond, the bondage, it was broken. They had them tied. The fire, the heat broke them. Release them. Right somewhere, the trial comes to release you in the sense that you really come to know who you are and that no trial, no test, amen, is able to consume you. I don't care what it is. Amen. God proved it. Even if it's death. Hello. Lazarus dead four days. Impossible with men, but not with God. And I don't care if you got one of those kind of situation that looks like Lazarus, stinking, bloated, and rotten with maggots. God still able to bring it back to life. That's the way it is. Uhuh. Amen. Man, ain't no use in, you know, this uh how can I say it? I don't like to be sad. I really don't like to be sad. I don't like to be burdened. I don't like that stuff. I rather look sad, happy, joyous, and stupid. I I just That's me. I don't like I don't like being sad. I don't like that feeling. That ain't a good feeling. In other words, there it's not meant for you to be. That's right. In the presence of the Lord is fullness of joy. So if sadness is and and and and this other stuff is done overtaken you, then it what's happening? You're not in his presence. Because in his presence is joy, fullness of joy. Let me move on, folks. I hope somebody being blessed. I'm trying to get you to see that the trial, the trials that that you're going through. There's no shame. There's no embarrassment. Every one of us are going through something in here. Every one of us. And so it was designed by my father cuz I asked him, I want to be just like you. First of all, he says, "Listen, before I can even build with you, I got to learn. I got to give you a lesson in trusting me with all your heart. Just like I was telling somebody the other day, this morning actually as we were talking about healing, I'm almost done talking about healing. I said, if you done prayed for the child and every 10, 15 minutes you run back there with a thermometer. We didn't say it all like that. But my point is, take it to the hospital. Faith ain't going to run back with a thermometer, right? Amen. Once prayed is finished. Amen. You're not looking at the lying symptoms. Oh, come on, somebody. But if you're going back and forth, going back and forth, it shows you just trying to get it. Faith is a rock. It's a revelation. Hallelujah. All right. I was telling him this morning, I said, "Don't you know my oldest son right now got a scar in his head right now. He had a ring worm. Me and my wife prayed for it." Y'all know what a ring worm is? When your hair dry out, something scalpy coming and all it falls out and all that. Well, we constantly done prayed for it and still got oil and scrubbing it and trying to do it the old time way. And it turned out to be a bad sore. Oh, it was nasty looking, but we was having faith. [Applause] That wasn't no faith. That was unbelief. Let me put it this way. At the end of the row, we still went to the doctor. He still gave him a shot to cure it. In a day or two, it was gone. I'm just trying to tell you. And he's got a scar in his head to remind me of my lack of faith. You hear what I'm saying? Thank God for a prophet who gave us a balance between the medicine and God. Amen. I'm almost done. One more quote, y'all. Is this okay? Because I want you to understand when you got faith, brother Ben, the word says it's a substance. You got it. And you don't have to wrestle with it. It ain't a is an or you know, you don't have to check nothing. Amen. When God revealed to me uh that, you know, I have no high blood pressure, I don't keep running and getting a check because you know what? the devil put a fault in that thing and have your blood pressure sky high and you thought, "Oh my god, it ain't gone yet. You just got it back." The devil be waiting to set you up to drop in unbelief. But when it's really real, you'll know that you know that you know that you know, and your body and everything will respond to it. Amen. And I've had battles. I've had high blood pressure back and forth. You know, you know why? And God told me, he said, "Listen, I healed you. You got a weakness in your gene. So, you know, I healed you and then you go load up on the pork. I'm telling you what happened. You going I yielded you and you going to go load up on the fried chicken and the pork. What you expect is coming back. It's a weakness there." Amen. He didn't say I couldn't eat it, but you know, I get it. Oh, y'all got to understand me. I Lord done heal me. And I love fried chicken. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. And the Lord had to show me. You can't just go out and act like, you know, he healed you. He didn't give you new blood. He just healed you. I'm laughing, but I'm telling you a testimony. So, even now, I still I have to watch what I eat. I just don't eat any kind of crazy stuff. Every now and then, I eat my chicken. I have my ribs sometimes, but I keep a watch, you know. I don't go to and see what it is. And look at me. God has been good to me. Now, I'm 48 years old, brothers. I said, I've never uh visited uh look, let me let me let me this is my last quote on this message. He said, we are born by the spirit of God into the church of the living God. Certainly is. And then our character is watched by the Holy Spirit. And if we're Methodists today and they make us a little mad and we go over to the Baptist the next day and they fuss at us a little bit and something happened, the preacher say something step on your toes. Then away you go down to the pilgrim holiness or Nazarines or something like that. He said, "No wonder you pack your papers from place to place till it's about tore up. Why don't you take your name off of it anyhow and put it on the lamb's book of life? Let God take care of it and fellowship with the brethrens of like precious faith. Whether you see eye to eye or like that doesn't matter. Amen. We're at least Christians. Brethren born in the same family. God received us in our pecarities. We should receive each other. Then if then if then this son is found a good son a trustworthy son on the father can put confidence in then all that father has he falls heir to it all. He said god must come to a place where he can have confidence in us. And God was showing in this great illustration how he took Peter, James, and John up to the top of the mountain in a high place. Brought them apart from the rest of the world. He was going to show what he was going to do. To do who? To us. For us. Is that all right? So you love the Lord. Don't think these trials are strange. It's the season. It's not going to get better. You've been invited. You accept the invitation and therefore you're being tried. Ain't that a good way of looking at it? It is. It's really a good way to look at it. I am supposed to be tried in the fire in order for me to come out as pure gold. So, come on, somebody. Right? You know, and I thought about this thing. I said, "Think about this. Whether you want the fire of God or the fire of judgment, it's going to be fire. Which one you prefer?" I want the fire of God to come and cleanse and purify me no matter what it takes. Say, "Well, you ought to be careful how you said it. Why should I?" Whoa. No matter what it takes, right? When it's all over, I'm with him. That's all that matters. That's all that matters. When it's all said and done, we're with him. Now, I don't know about you, but I am. Any day. See, that's that. I love that song cuz now it's closer now than it's ever been. And brothers and sisters, let me tell you this. We are so blessed because we're still standing. Y'all, let me tell y'all this. It doesn't take but one time a spirit get a hold of you and cause you to turn. Now, you know, think about Miss Lot. And I say this so you can understand. She knew what the words say, but she failed to see that God was watching her. And don't get me wrong, brother B said we all backslide every day. See, so I'm not talking about that. I'm just saying how sometimes we let the enemy merely turn us. Am I by myself? I'm telling you what it is. Now, we got a word. Don't let nothing turn you from this. I don't care what comes your way. Don't even merely don't even think I was telling a brother, a close friend of mine. He even called another brother down there in in uh uh uh Georgia telling him how he done what, brother Brandham. This is wrong, that wrong, this wrong, this wrong. When he called me, brother, I tell you what, who was a close friend of mine. He's gifted. He was a man when when I tried to commit suicide, came to my house, told me all about it. Showed God showed him to him. Showed me showed what I did to that man. And nobody in my house or my church knew what what went on. God, that man was all the way in Indiana come to my house sitting up in my office say, "You ain't preaching tonight." Yeah, I am. He said, "If you do," he said, "I'll tell the church what you just tried to do." And I was in this message when I tried that. You can't tell me you can't get depressed in this message. If God don't put a hedge around you, you'll take your own life if God don't stop you. That's how depressed I was going through my middle age and my and everything, not even knowing what I was going through and everything looked like it was coming against me. Yes. Me, that same brother flew me down to Miami, gave me a room, and he took off. Gave me four days where I could unwind and talk to God. I I was I was just frustrated. That's when I realized God had another work for me to do. And that same brother is now saying who was raised up in this message, saying it ain't right. It ain't this and ain't that. And I said to him, I said, "If you going to take this away from me, please give me something better." Huh? You got something better? Give it to me. I want to see it. It sure ain't you. You ain't got nothing following you, Harley. And you can't be telling me you right and Brother Bam wrong. Oh, that devil is smart. But I'm a wise builder. Nobody didn't force me into this. It was a true revelation from God. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Amen. My house is built to pun. Amen. It don't make the the word God done told me the storm's coming. The wind's going to blow. It's going to beat upon the house. But this house is going to stand cuz that's where I am. I'm right in that scripture. The house that the wise man that built his house upon a rock. Amen. Hallelujah. My granddaughter tried to make my facial expressions, but by the grace of God, you love the Lord. Amen. Amen. It's so good to see you. Amen. I don't I don't think I've ever seen my brother's face, but it's a good face. It's been a long while is what it is. Amen. Amen. I love the Lord. I'm blessed to have have you here. See, I've been missing you. I thought I thought Lord the last time I talked to him, he wouldn't talk and I had, you know, my mind was all fuzzy and I'm like, "Oh, Lord, I missed that opportunity." But thank God. Ain't God good to us? People of God, you know, we love each other. We love each other. That's all that matters. The love of God being shared abroad in our heart. That's what this communion is all about. Amen. Being able to work with one another uh uh in spite of all of our differences. Because what difference is it going to make? I mean, if we stand both in the mirror, we'll find a lot of differences. Don't you think? Even my own children, we can stand them all in line and we'll find differences. But we're family and that's what makes it all work. We're family. And whatever I say to you by the grace of God, if God still got your desire, that's what Rever say. He said, if you still got a desire in your heart to serve God, he said, God is not moving yet. And I don't care. Like I read this morning, the weakest saint is able to defeat Satan anywhere, any place, any time, under any condition. The weakest saint. So even if you call consider yourself weak, you still can whoop the devil. That's the word. That's the word. So you love the Lord. I hope I wasn't too long. I just trust that God blessed you somehow, encouraged you. This was an encouraging message. uh tried to be uh so that you can see uh listen this is what I always tell people like brother Bham said he said like if you repent be baptized in the name of the lord Jesus Christ he said god promise you the holy ghost it's your promise it's yours and I I think sometime we even myself we have we have it's been exploited in a way but my point is this when you see a life change something took face, you know, something took place and you know, Pentecostal made it emotions. We love emotions. But the truth of the matter is when you see a change in your life, you know, and that change makes you desire more God, that means something's living there. A pregnant woman don't eat like she, you know, she she eats like she's pregnant because there's a life in her. Yeah. Y'all y'all hear what I'm saying? And that's what I'm talking about. When you love this word, don't even think about making mistakes cuz you're going to make them. God ain't judging that flesh. It's condemned. It's that life dead that that justifies you, that sanctifies you, that that that makes you accept it. And it can, it is so small. That's why he said that still small voice is so small. Sometimes God talk to you and you think it's your conscience and it's God talking to you so small. And you and I must understand, amen, that what what we're now seeing, you know, it ain't no open show. But you're the greatest mystery that ever hit the earth. God revealing himself to a people and tabernacling himself. And the whole world, don't expect the world to see this, is blinded. Amen. God could creating right in their eyes and they don't even see it. Reject you, talk about you, say all manner of things about you and don't even know you'll one day sit on the throne and judge them all. You greater than a Cinderella story. Huh? Greater you. all of us who've been just messed up. Ain't too many people uh come out of this age clean. Y'all don't have to say amen. I know it's true. You know what? It is what it is. But don't you think, let me say it like this in closing. Brother said like this, I'm sorry. Uh the word of God says it like this. He says in Simon's house, who will love me the most? That's why we had to come in this age cuz we're the age that loves him the most. You said, "But I'm not a martyr." Yes, you are. You died to yourself. You You willingly took the cross. You willingly chose this way. You could have been in a Baptist, a Methodist, any kind of place. You chose this narrow straight way where they say you can't do this, you can't do that, you can't do this. Why? It ain't because we can't do I don't want to do. That's the beauty of it. The devil I I used to want to be a Christian for a long time and I used to say, "But I can't do it." I didn't even realize that that was what God wanted to hear. I didn't know that. I didn't understand the Holy Ghost. I didn't understand God coming in you and living it. And let me tell you something. A lot of us got more than what we think we got. The thing is, you just need to just move the unbelief out of the way and work it. Take what God has given you and work it. That's what the word of God said. A SC caught whatever gorge, right? Uh uh uh. Huh? Ox code. Yes. A coat. Number of stick with a point on the end. Right. That's right. And how many Philistines he whooped with it. Right. That's all he had. That was the power of the Holy Ghost. Right. Cuz that stick would have would have broken everything else. Come on. You see the old jaw jawbone of ass? That's all he had. and he whooped the Philistines with it. The jawbone never cracked in pieces. Y'all hear what I'm saying? That was God. That was God. And you might have just a little bit of whatever. You may It's It is what it is. I've seen people, and I don't mean no harm. It's true. I hope y'all don't get offended by this, but Germans, they're not so emotional. They're not. They're just not. I got friends right now. I know they got the Holy Ghost, but they're not as emotional as I am. And what I'm going to say, because you don't have, you're not emotional as I am, you don't have it. No, I watch the life. It's the life people. It's the way they love God. It's the way they conduct, right? And that's how it is in certain people. It it's been breaded in that way. Brother Brother Randy and I were just talking on yesterday. Certain things just bred it in you. You might feel it in a different way. You might express it in a different way, but you still got it. You pray, you listen, you read, you study. Amen. And that life is still coming. Listen, I tell you the truth. Put it this way. I can't be you and you can't be me. But there is a variety. Amen. And every man has his gifted, right? I know one brother right now, he would jump anyhow. He didn't feel nothing. He told me, "Brother brother brother uh uh uh uh Jesse, he'd be preaching." And y'all know how Jesse, he be feeling nothing. He said, "That you don't feel nothing." No. He said, "I just I'm just excited by the word." I said, "That's probably what it is then." But you know how I how people say, "Oh, you feel all this and you feel all that and oh, I can feel it." Well, everybody can't feel it like I do. But that don't mean you got to keep still. Amen. The devil say, "Well, you man." No, I'm not. I'm not manufacturing anything. I'm doing because I'm willfully giving him a praise. I'm willfully doing it. I'm feeling like I want to do it. I might not feel his anointing, but he can so feel mine. That's the way it works. Is that all right? I hope that was a I did right on that. I hope I didn't do wrong. I meant well because I want you to understand, Amen. Sometime you just can't help how you made. But because you made a certain way don't mean you don't have the Holy Ghost. That's all I'm saying. That's all I'm saying. Well, we're going to prepare to do this uh uh communion and I know I I know you know everybody I I look at myself and I'm going to tell y'all right now to this day. Don't you know the devil tell me sometime you ain't got it. Anybody in here? Am I the only one that's in there? He tell me, "Oh, you ain't got it." And he's got some good evidence, too. He He roll it out, man. This is this long list. That's what he is. If you could all if you could remember he is a liar. And when a liar tell you what you don't have, that means you got it. Amen. Why? He's wasting his time telling you what you don't have. If you didn't have it, he just need to leave you alone. That's it. That's it. Amen. But he's constantly telling you what you don't have so he you can believe you don't have when you got it so it won't be effective. He's a liar. Oh, you ain't got it. Hello. You can't tell me what I don't have. Were you there? Y'all hear what I'm saying? You got it. You going to always have battles with this flesh. You going to always have mind battles till Jesus come. As long as this nasty flesh is attacked to you, attached to you, you going to have battles. That's why he got to change it. But those battles sometime can rage so much that you really think the devil can come and say, "See, you ain't got it. Is that all right?" He told he told Brother Baron, he said, "You know, you got to be a devil." Brother Baron said, "I can't be a devil." He said, "I love him too much." Oh Lord Jesus. Ain't God good? Amen.
