################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2014-05-27 - A Time Of War - 2014 05 24m - Matthew Watkins - Matthew Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2014-05-27
Title:    A Time Of War - 2014 05 24m - Matthew Watkins
Speaker:  Matthew Watkins
Church:   Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 36m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t4czM559QTQ
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
A Time Of War
Matthew Watkins
Recorded - 2014 05 24m
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. Let the redeemed of the Lord say so. Say so. I said let the redeemed say so. Amen. Are you glad to be a Christian? Amen. Glad to be saved. Sanctified. Amen. Filled with the Holy Ghost. Amen. God is good. Amen. That's what the song says. He's good all the time. Amen. Now, I'm not good all the time. And guess what? You ain't good all the time either. And I ain't always faithful. Think about that. I ain't always faithful. But regardless, he's always faithful. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I ain't always good, but I serve a God who's always good to me. Amen. through the through the hard, through the thick and the thin, God is always good. Amen. I love him so much. Don't you just love the Lord? Amen. Give him a hand clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. You could be seated just for a minute this morning. I I I I asked myself why I'm going to do this to come up behind Isaiah Brooks and sing a song. Oh, could could just be Amen. But the reason I felt to sing this was strictly because I've never been here before. Amen. And I I've known Brother Isaiah. He's known me. He remembers me probably a lot uh further back than I remember him. Man, remember my dad traveling up and ministering for him there when he was in Lima. and certainly appreciate his ministry, not just through the uh what I've behind the pull pit, but also through song. He's been an inspiration, amen, to many many many many believers. Amen. You don't have to to you could go almost anywhere and mention the name Isaiah Brooks and they know who you're talking about. Amen. And and just appreciate him and for this invitation to come and Amen. And good to be here with you. My name is Brother Matt Watkins for those of you who don't know me. Amen. from Buford, South Carolina there, where my dad is the pastor and he brings his greetings and he was just here and told us so much about you all. Amen. And how good of a time that he had. And I have h four children back at home. Lovely wife and four kids, two boys and two girls. Our four and no more. Amen. Four is the number of deliverance. That's right. Oh, brother Isaiah's got us all beatated. Eight. Told him. And I said, "Boy, I thought I had a lot, but I I ministered somewhere one time and I had a Nissan Xterero, which was a five-seater car, and ministered for a brother, and we were having our fourth child." And the pastor told me, said, "Brother Manny," he said, "there's not a big difference between two kids and three." I said, "Really?" He said, "No, not really any difference at all." He said, "But there's a big difference between three and four." I said, "Oh, no." He said, "It's about as big as a [Laughter] minivan." And then the light bulb clicked. Amen. But uh we're certainly glad to be here with you and I'd like to sing this song because I guess if I could uh not take the time to give you my testimony, this song would be my testimony uh in in just a song. Amen. When you get to heaven after the trumpet sounds, if you decide to look me up, waste your time looking [Music] around cuz I won't in my manion and you won't find me by the sea. Just find Jesus. Oh, there I be. That's your testimony. Want to see the unseen arms that held me through the [Music] storm. I want to touch the hands that touched and completely changed my heart. I want to hear him speak the words that brought such peace to me. So just find Jesus there. I'll be Can you say amen to that? Amen. Oh, when I step through those pearly gates, there be so much to see. And I'll behold manions tall and stroll down golden streets. Though the splendor will be amazing. There's only one attraction for me. Just find Jesus. There I be. Want to see the unseen arms that held me through the storms. I want to touch the hands that touched and completely changed my heart. Want to hear him speak the words that brought such peace to me. Just find Jesus. There I'll [Music] be just find Jesus. Oh, there I'll be. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand to our feet. Let's all stand. Amen. Is that your testimony? My It means so much to me. Amen. Just find Jesus. I want to see the hands that held me through my storms. Those unseeded hands when you couldn't hold you, somebody was keeping you. when you were about to give up, something kept holding you. Amen. Are you thankful for that? I believe that's the testimony of any Christian. Amen. If you have your Bible, Amen. We'll just go straight to the word this morning. And again, we uh we're just so thankful to be here and thankful for brother Isaiah giving us this opportunity to come and speak. Amen. We'd like to look over uh into the book of 2 Samuel. If you have your Bible, we'll just turn there this morning. Amen. Just praying for the Lord for direction. Amen. Throughout the uh the coming days, knowing this uh this service would would come and and just wanting to to minister something that would be relevant to you, relevant to your life. Amen. And and you know, I could say this and I've said it many places that anything that brother Matt would preach would be really good. Hello. And it ain't because I'm a good preacher. It's because the word of God is so good. And anything I could bring out of here would be good because it's rich. You believe we have a rich word. And it's a deep, deep, deep well, a bottomless well that we can draw from. Amen. But I don't just want to preach something that would be good. Amen. And and not to come to impress anybody, but just to come and say something that would be specific in season. Amen. Right now, like Solomon said, a word fitly said, a word fitly spoken at the right time in the right season accomplishes the purpose that God has. You believe God has a purpose? You believe he has a purpose for these meetings, for this church, for your life, for your family? Amen. And I believe that his word, he says that cast your bread upon the water and it won't return unto you void, but it will accomplish the purpose that he intended. Amen. And so we just uh trying to be led of the spirit here and and um and and just pray that Lord would lead us. And so if you have your Bible, 2 Samuel, Amen, chapter 11. Amen. Thank you, brother, for confirming what I would minister this this morning. You didn't know that last night when you said it. Amen. But just a minister waiting and being pulled in different directions. Amen. 2 Samuelap 11:1. And I'd like to preach to you on a time of war. A time of war. And it came to pass, verse one, it says, "And it came to pass after the year was expired." And no, notice we're going to come back to this here. So, just focus on what it says here. There's a lot uh going on, and we'll catch you up to speed at where uh the writer is at in 2 Samuel 11 when he brings this. It says, "It came to pass after the year was expired, at the time when kings go forth to battle." So this would be springtime. Nissi meaning the beginning of months. This was uh we have seasons of winter, summer, spring. This would be spring that the Bible says it was a time when kings go forth to battle that David sent Joab and his servants with him and all Israel and they destroyed the children of Ammon and besieged Rabba. But David terried still at Jerusalem. My how many times I have looked at that part of that verse and just pondered and thought to myself what what was happening in this man's life man who the Bible writes so much about you could almost preach David's life in dispensations because it happens and and chronologically the the the the events that take place and the scripture records David from the time he's a little boy and we read about David and Goliath and David's ascension and and then his ascension to where he goes goes and he becomes an employee of King Saul and lives in his courts and sees many things growing up and then God takes him and then he ascends to the throne and then there's the rebellion and Saul trying to kill him and he takes the kingdom and and he has many great victories and then his life uh moves on down to different uh junctions if we could call it that. And this is a time here when the Bible says that is a time of war. And it says that David sends Joab. And it says, "But David terried still at Jerusalem. And it came to pass, verse two, in an evening tide that David arose from off his bed, walked upon the roof of the king's house. And from the roof he saw a woman washing herself, and the woman was very beautiful to look upon." David sent and inquired after the woman. And one said, "Is not this Ba'ath Sheeba, the daughter of Eliam, the wife of Uriah the Hitittite." David sent messengers and took her, and she came in unto him, and he lay with her, for she was purified from her uncleanness, and she returned unto her house. The woman conceived and sent and told David, and said, I am with child. David sent to Joab, saying, Send me Uriah the Hitittite. And Joab sent Uriah to David. Move on down to verse 15. And he wrote in the letter, saying, "Set Uriah in the forefront of the hottest battle, and retire you from him, that he may be smitten and die." Came to pass when Joab observed the city that he assigned Uriah to a place where he knew that valiant men were. men of the city went out and fought with Joab, and there fell some of the people of the servants of David, and Uriah the Hitittite died also. Ecclesiastes, if you have your Bible, just turn there over to the book of Ecclesiastes, chapter 3, Ecclesiastes 3. Amen. Am I restricted by time this morning, brother Isaiah? Do we have something after this? Okay. Amen. We don't put God in the box because he'll break right out of it. Amen. Chapter 3 verse one. To everything. Somebody say everything. Everything. To everything. There is a season and a time. To every purpose under the heaven. Amen. A time to be born and a time to die. time to plant and a time to pluck up that which is planted. Time to kill and a time to heal. A time to break down and a time to build up. Ver chapter uh I'm sorry, verse 8 says, "A time to love and a time to hate, a time of war and a time of peace." We'll read that again. A time to love and a time to hate. a time of war and a time of peace. Amen. Let's just bow our heads this morning. Heavenly Father, Lord, we just surrender ourselves as best we know how, Lord Jesus. We're so aware, Lord God, of our own human weakness and our own human frailty, Lord, in the inability that we have to complete the task that you've laid before us. For God, I could speak many words this morning and it might would go to the level of the flesh, Father, or even strike the emotion of an individual, Lord. But we need to reach a realm that's much further than that this morning. We need to touch the soul of clay, Lord. And so we come, God, knowing, Lord Jesus, that that's an impossible task for us. So we do all we know how to do, Lord. We humble ourselves and we surrender Lord and we relax in your presence this morning and we ask dear God that your word which is quick meaning that it's alive sharper than any two-edged sword and Lord it can divide us under and pierce straight to the very soul of a person Lord and you know why you would direct a servant to minister Father and to go into this direction Lord so I just commit that to you Father may you speak tonight Lord I I've realized Lord Lord, over time that the words of man, Father, they they can only go so far, Lord. For maybe I would preach this morning for an hour long, Lord, and and and people would rejoice and enjoy it, Lord. But even in just a couple uh months time, maybe every person would forget every word that I spoke and maybe only remember my subject, my scripture, Lord. But if you would speak a word this morning, oh God, and if your mouth would open and you would speak, Lord God, Father, I pray that and I believe it would have an eternal an eternal value, oh God, it would have an eternal benefit, Lord Jesus. So we ask, Lord God, that you would come and feed our thirsty souls as we raise our hands and surrender. And we come say it to you, Lord. We're thirsty for your word. We're hungry, oh God. May you give us the bread of life, Lord Jesus. For it alone can satisfy and quench the thirst of a believer, God. I pray that you would just take complete control now, control of this vessel, the hearer, the speaker, Lord. And may it all be for your glory, Lord. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You can be seated. Amen. we would we could lay a a foundation in this and come to such a simple point that I believe is universally we would accept this and and and it's such a foundational truth and that is that you cannot hide from God. Amen. You know it's an amazing thing but the Bible says in Ecclesiastes chapter 8 and you don't need to turn here. I'll just reference these scriptures. It says because sence against an evil work is not executed speedily. Therefore, the heart of the sons of men is fully set in them to do evil. And what Solomon is saying here is that just because sence is not passed immediately does not mean that sence is not coming. But we know with the law of God, time takes its toll. Amen. And while the Bible says that whatsoever a man sws, he shall also reap, that doesn't mean that we'll reap what we sow the very next day or the very next week. But many times with God, it can take months. It can take years for a seed to come to harvest and for you to realize any manifestation of the seed that you plant. And that's what Solomon is saying. He says that because sentence is not executed speedily, therefore the heart of a man almost thinks, well, you know, I guess I got away with it and, you know, I guess it's okay and and I guess I've slipped by and you know, I guess I guess I'm not going to pay for what I've for what I've done. But God says, don't be a fool. God will not be mocked. Whatsoever you sow, you will reap. And I believe sin is one of the most relevant subjects we could preach on. Though some might would water it down and say, you know, that's something that's so foundational and we need to stay away from that subject and move on into deeper things. I believe sin while you're in this flesh will be a relevant topic throughout your life because because we know that we're forgiven of sin. But Paul said within me lies a law that in my members while I want to do good, while the soul craves for good, there's in my members something that's waring against my flesh. And I believe that sin is one of the most awful things. Yeah. The effects of sin in someone's life and the effects of unconfessed sin in someone's life. Numbers 32 says this, "If you will not do so, behold, you have sinned against the Lord. And be sure your sin will find you out." Amen. What is a what an amazing picture that the Bible paints of almost the fugitive that goes on the run and he begins he he you know you take the man and he commits some crime and he goes on the run from the law and and he runs for years and you know he may he may get away with it from the local authorities and and cover up the evidence and you know you watch that man as he begins to go on the run. He changes his identity and you know he might try to get a new social security number and he changes his hairstyle and maybe grows a beard and he's trying to erase the identity of his guilt and you know he runs and he runs and he's a fugitive on the law but the Bible says your sin will follow you and your sin will chase you and your sin will investigate you and be sure you it'll find you and if the law can't find him they'll turn it over to the FBI and then they'll turn over to greater authorities. And you know, the man may have a sense of false freedom. He may have a sense that he's free and he has a new start in life. And you know, he can just start all over. But the Bible says one day your sin will haunt you and it will chase you and it will always be behind you. And the Bible says if your if our hearts condemn us not, then we can have faith and ask whatsoever we want. But the problem with sin and guilt unconfessed is that our hearts condemn us. Therefore, it's impossible to have faith. Amen. Isaiah 59:12 says, "Behold, the Lord's hand is not short that it cannot save, neither is his ear heavy that it cannot hear." I'm thankful for that. Amen. But your iniquities have separated. Notice this. Your iniquities have separated between you and your God. and your sins have hid his face from you. That he will not hear. I couldn't imagine anything more terrifying than for God to hide his face from my life. As the Bible says, what's the problem? His ears not heavy. His hands not short. But the problem is is that your sins have hidden God from you. And he can't see you. He can't hear you. He can't act for you. He can't operate for you. He says, "Because your sins have separated, you say, "Well, I'm born again. I'm filled with the Holy Ghost." The Bible says, "Grieve not the Holy Ghost, whereby you're sealed to the day of your redemption." So, there's actually things as a Christian that we can do in our life to literally grieve the presence of God away that he won't hear our prayers, that his presence is not there, that we're not the same. And God says, "Your sins have hidden his face from you." Job 34 says, "His eyes are upon the ways of man, and he seeth all his goingings. There is no darkness, nor shadow of death, where the workers of iniquity may hide themselves." So this sin and secret sin causes this effect in the beginning to hide from the presence of God. We notice this is one of the first attributes in the fall. When Adam falls, the Bible says that fear and hiding was one of the first attributes. Notice that by sin naturally, he was not taught this. He was not told this. He didn't read it in a book. But sin immediately brought a guilt on the conscious of the believer. And it caused that person to hide from God. Adam, Adam, where art thou? I was afraid and so I hid myself. And so sin causes us to hide oursel from God. Unconfessed sin causes us to shut in, to go into the darkness, to turn off the lights, to stay away. And it causes to push us out of the presence of God. But it's so amazing that this is the automatic response of a believer when he sins. The automatic response is to hide. The automatic response is to shut away. The automatic response is to run and to move away. But it's amazing to me that God says in the book of Hebrews, "Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace." Now, when so many times people have this scripture so backwards of what the Paul's even speaking of, we think, you know, I come boldly, you know, brother Isaiah, after I've read my Bible and I've prayed for hours and I'm feeling spiritual, I'm coming out of revival and then I can march boldly and bust open the doors to the throne of grace. Do you realize that is not the context at all of what Paul is saying? Listen to this. He says, "Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help." Hallelujah. In the time of need. Oh, when God is saying, "Come unto me." When the devil causes sin and the devil causes a hiding and tries to push you in a closet and turn the lights out and stay away and run from God, God says, "Come boldly unto my throne because there's forgiveness." Hallelujah. If we sin, we have an advocate with the father who is faithful and just to forgive us and cleanse us from unrighteousness. But that is exactly what happens through sin is sin wants to push us away. That's why homosexuality has been termed in the closet because there was a reason that person went in the closet because they were ashamed of something something in their life. They wanted to cover something in their life they wanted to you know to try to hide away. Listen there is no there is nothing I believe as a Christian we should be the most transparent people on planet earth. Hallelujah. I believe that honesty and let me just slow down less I I just skip right over this. The heart of what I'm trying to minister to you. One of the greatest victories, listen close. One of the greatest victories God can bring forth in your life is honesty. One of the greatest victories that God can bring for a believer that will give them freedom to go forward is total transparency and total honesty before God and all men and all women. You know, I believe we should be the most transparent, honest people because there's nothing to hide. You know, I I I get leery and you know, you can almost become uh uh suspicious of a person. You ever get around people and you feel like you can never get to know them, feel like you can never really get to know who they are and never really get to know who they are as a person. You know, that always me. I like to see a person and to to meet a person who I know who they are and they're not afraid to show who they are and be themselves. You take a man who's an actor and he tries to be somebody else, there's a reason. It's because there's a shame of who he is. But I believe that as a believer and as a servant of God and as Christians, we should be an open book. You say, "Why, brother Matt?" Because we have nothing to hide. Because we're all sinners saved by grace. Because we're all wretched and vile and corrupt and outside of God's mercy. And outside of God's grace, we're nothing anyways. Hallelujah. I believe that honesty, total honesty, when you can look at your husband and you can say, "There's nothing I'm hiding." When you can look at your wife and there's total honesty and to say, "There's nothing." You can look at your pastor and your church. Then you can look at God and have faith to ask whatsoever you want. Amen. Amen. I believe one of the greatest victories God could do for a believer is to work a victory and total honesty. Renouncing dishonesty in the former things of a hidden life. We are not living a life that is in the closet as Christians, but as believers, we love the light. We're children of the light. We love exposure. We love to be exposed before God to say to our sermon here this morning. Cain's unconfessed sin turns him into a fugitive and it shall become thy master. His sin takes him away to a vagabond. A fugitive and he becomes a wanderer. A wanderer are those who really have no direction in life. They continue going in circles searching for old landmarks trying to find their rightful place. But there's an unsettlness inside that person and they can never feel secure or stable in anything. They're unstable in relationships. They're unstable in churches. They're unstable in marriages. In in every aspect of their life, they're unstable because there's a wondering heart. Sin causes this wondering sin cycle. You know what a sin cycle is? It's that cycle where you go commit a sin and then you repent and then you go commit that same exact sin and then you repent and then you go commit that same exact sin and then you repent and then do I need to keep going. What are you lacking? You're lacking what the prophet of God called a vday. A victory day to where you have victory over that cycle. And you can say it's no longer I that liveth but Christ that liveth through me. Sin has this searing conscious searing effect. As the Bible says that in the latter times Timothy some shall depart from the faith giving heed to seducing spirits and doctrines of devils speaking lies and hypocrisy having their conscience. Amen. Amen. Seared with a hotter. This is what the effect of sin does in a believer's life. I'm not talking about an unbeliever because they don't sin. As the prophet of God said, they are sin. Christians are the only ones who can backslide. Christians are the only one who can come out of fellowship with God. Christians are the only one who can grieve away the presence of God from their life. And sin has a searing effect. As the song says, sin is a captive. It binds it. It puts chains on a person. This is what the devil wants in your life. He knows he's not going to get you to walk away from the faith. But if he can wrap you around with chains of bondage and a weight of sin, what is the heaviest burden and weight that a person carries? The consciousness or the guilt of their past. Many people accept the forgiveness of God, but they can never forgive themselves. You take a person who doesn't know how to hug. You ever met a person who doesn't know how to hug? Brother Isaiah, it is one of the most awkward, uncomfortable moments I've ever had in my life. Ever hug somebody who doesn't know how to hug? It's sort of like when we don't know how to embrace what God is giving us. We don't know how to take grace and accept it for ourselves. Oh, we forgive have the forgiveness of God, but do we forgive ourselves? Take a person who doesn't know how to hug and you go to hug them. Boy, it's so awkward. And they go to hug and and you know and and then they they embrace and sort of like almost like a robot. Yeah. Nobody ever had that happen. You walk away and you go, "What was that all about?" But you ever meet somebody who knows how to hug, man, they just grab you and embrace you because they're not uncomfortable embracing. And so many people when grace is preached, they almost don't know how to receive it. You know what you ought to do? Give up. Surrender. Amen. Hallelujah. But many people are bound by the consciousness of their sin. That's what I'm preaching to you this morning is that Satan has people bound by the consciousness and the guilt. The Bible says the worshipper once purged is free from the consciousness of his sin. Meaning he's free of the guilt of his past because God gives him a revelation. You're justified as though you never did it in the first place. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Many people I heard a man talk about one time the spirit of a python. That python takes its prey and it doesn't have a venomous bite, but what it does is it constricts the spray to death. It wraps its coils around that victim. And with every breath that breathes in, it gets a little tighter. And every breath that breathes in gets a little tighter. This is like the grip of sin. It gets a little tighter. A little tighter. After a while, you come to church like this. Let's raise our hands and praise the Lord. You become anemic, become pale. But God is here to break the grip of the python. My Bible says, "Whoever the sun sets free is free indeed." Hallelujah. Whoever the son sets free is free. Oh my. We got to get to our sermon. The sin of David and Ba Sheba. Turn back to 2 Samuel. If you have your Bible, just keep it open there. We're going to deal with that for a minute. 2 Samuel 11:1. This sin with David and Ba'ath Sheba, I love hearing the Bible how the Bible so clearly. They've made movies about this and Hollywood's created films. It's amazing to me whenever Hollywood creates a Bible account like David and Ba'ath Sheba. The entire movie is focused around the act and the sin that took place. Yet the Bible spends one verse talking about it, but it spends chapter after chapter after chapter telling us the consequence and the collateral damage of that one sin. See, the Bible never wants to glorify sin or cause us to lust for things. But the Bible says that these things were written for our examples to the intent that we shouldn't lust as they lusted and fall as they fell. 2 Samuel uh chapter 11, notice what it says here. It came to pass after the year was expired at the time when kings go forth to battle. This season is so important when David, the Bible says this is a time of Nissi, the beginning of months, the year's expired. It's springtime. You say, "Why is that important, brother Matt?" Because you see, for a king, you don't just go to war and start a campaign any time in the year. Amen. But as a king, David knew that there was a time in the year when there was a time of rest. As Solomon says, there's a time of peace. There's a time of rest. And David knew he had as a king, it was necessary that he had the ability to discern the season he was living in. Because if he failed to discern the season, he would be at peace when it's a time of war. And he would try to go to battle when it was a time of peace. But you see, for the king, it's important that he has the ability to discern the season that he's living in. You see, you don't start your campaign at war in the middle of summer. Especially not in Buford, South Carolina, when it's 100° and 130% humidity and there's bugs and there's snakes and there's every kind of spider you can imagine. You don't take your men to war during that time because the season is not in season to go to war. Amen. You don't start your war as Napoleon tried to do. You don't start your war in the time of winter when there's no fruit and there's nothing growing and everything's dead because why? You take your men to war, there's nothing to eat naturally and they expire. They die in the wilderness. But there was a specific season and I want you to focus in on this this morning. There was a specific season that came around to when a king could just feel something change and he feels the atmosphere and the barometric pressure outside sort of drop. A cold wind sort of blows through. He sees those flowers starting to bloom and those neon colors coming and that king suddenly his hands start to shake. He looks over at his shield and his sword and he says, "Captains, I think it's it's about getting time. We've been in Jerusalem long enough. We've been here in a in a time of peace long enough. We've been here relaxed, doing nothing long enough. I think that feeling of war is starting to come around. And David began to rally. This was early in his ministry. He he began to rally his troops and begin to to get out and start doing exercise and and start doing war games and and skirmishes. And what was he doing? He was preparing his men because the season of war was coming. And it was an important time when war came because other kings came to battle and they they encamped against Israel. And it was important for that king to discern the season he was living in. Amen. You know, I'm a hunter back home. That's one of my passions in life. And I can tell you this, any hunter knows I don't have to look at a calendar to tell to you to tell when it's hunting season. But there's a certain feeling that that happens. There's a certain Are you with me this morning? There's a certain breeze and certain feeling that you feel and you start longing for the the woods and start longing for those times. And if you do not, you wouldn't know what I'm talking about. But this is what it was like for a king. He felt the season was changing. He feels the winds of war blowing. He sees the chaos and the turmoil and the negativity around the kingdoms. And David says, "I think it's time to war. And David starts praying, "Teach my hands, Lord, to war. Teach my hands, oh God, to war." But what happens to David in this time? The Bible says, "When that season comes around, David stays at home." And the Bible says in verse one, came to pass when the tim time when kings go forth to battle that David sent Joab and his servants with them and all Israel and they destroyed the children of Ammon and besieged Rabba. But David, David, why? Why, David? I ask the question every time I preach this sermon, why David? Why? What was happening in your life that was so important? Yeah. What was happening in your life that distracted you to such a place that you failed to discern? There's enemies gathering around the kingdom, David. There's enemies and they're sayings and they're making accusations against you. It's not a time to be at Jerusalem, David. It's a time to grab the sword. Oh, are you hearing me today, friends? I hope I wake and pinch your conscious this morning. We are not in a season of peace. This is a time of war. This is a battle. This is a an atmosphere of war. This is an atmosphere where there's negativity and dissension amongst believers. This is an atmosphere. The Bible Brother said this would be the greatest battle ever fought. Oh, I used to think I knew what that meant 10 years ago. Now I realize I know what it means. that the greatest battle would ever be fought would be right here in the mind to where doubt and and fears that the devil starts attacking our mind through the airwaves and the internet and things we read and things we hear about it. And now the age of the war is not what we wrestle against flesh and blood, but it's principality, spiritual wickedness in high places. And it's a time of battle. It's a time of war. It's a time of fussing. It's a time of dissension. Yes. It's a time of negativity. Never did we realize this would be the greatest battle ever fought. This is exactly where Christ had to win the battle at Calvary. The Bible says he was crucified on Goltha, which means the place of the skull. Imagine that the greatest victory he would have would be the place of the skull. Yes. And what was the victory? What was the victory? The victory was over himself that he could say, "Not my will, not what I think, but your will be done, oh God, not what I want, not my dreams or ambitions, but I surrender my human will to a divine purpose." And this is exactly what's happening today, friends. The battle is the place of the skull. And this is where so many people because they don't have the fortitude of the Holy Ghost inside the soul. Yeah. Doubts and fears. Oh, we got to move past this. This is a time of war, David. It's not a time to be at home streaming. Hello, somebody. It's not a time to be in the stream. It's a time to be in the river. Hallelujah. Amen. It's a time to be under the fountain. It's not a time to be a Jerusalem, David. Lazy, spiritual, lukewarmness. It's not a time for that, David. Your men are dependent upon you. Your family is dependent upon you. Your wife and your children are dependent upon you, David. Oh, who's on the Lord's side amongst you? David, it's not a time to be in Jerusalem, Dad. A time when dads go to battle. A time when moms go to battle. A time when pastors and ministers hold the bloodstained banner of Christ. It's not a time to compromise. It's not a time to go back and say, well, you know, let's get away from the principles of the message and move to the Bible. What do you think the message is? It is the person of the Bible. It is Christ. Oh, it's a time to loosen up and you know and lack standards and you know those things aren't so important anymore. Friend, let me tell you, it's a time to get back to the ancient landmarks. It's a time to get back to the word. What is the cure for sin? Get back to the word. Oh my, I'm pulled in so many directions this morning. Pray for me. The Bible says it was a time when kings go to war. Wasn't a time to stay home. But David, you decided to stay home. This is so different from the David that we read about. This is so different. And we're going to get into this maybe the next service that we preach. so different from the from the David that we read about just years and before when David grows up and he and he's there and he's in Saul's house and God is showing David things and and David moves from there into the field and and there's a great challenge against Israel, this Goliath, this great giant and the giant screaming out and saying, "Send me a man that'll war with me, that'll fight with me." And David has faith and courage inside of his heart. David says, "Who is this uncircumcised Philistine that's defying the armies of the living God? Who is this? For today I'll slay you and I'll cut your head off with my sword, with your sword." What was this confidence and this faith that David possessed? Was David just uh disrespectful? Was he just speaking out of turn? Was he a smart elo? No. This was speaking out of David's own life experience because David had tasted of the Lord and David had tasted of his power and David had tasted of his possibility that there's nothing impossible for God. David says, "Who is this uncircumcised Philistine?" You see, David has this faith and this courage and David has this strength to stand before Goliath. But God, long before God puts a Goliath in your life, are you listening this morning? Long before the Goliath comes, there's an ascension to Goliath. You see, there's other battles that God has to send you through before he puts you with Goliath. You see, long before the Goliath comes knocking on your door and says, "Hey, let's fight." Long before that in David's life, Yeah. David fights a lion. David fights a bear. And David says, "One time, there was a lion that came out to destroy God's flock, and I slew him with my bare hands." Now, could you imagine if you were David and God put you in this circumstance to where there was nobody watching, there was no newspaper, there was no newspaper articles or clippings to give you evidence that this ever took place. All you had was the testimony of David. Yeah. And this is exactly what God allowed. God was not going to allow there to be any witnesses of what took place. There wasn't going to be anybody watching. There wasn't going to be anybody testifying. But David was going to fight the lion. Very different than Goliath where there's people and there's there's there's the army and there's Saul, there's the king, there's his brothers. But with the lion and the bear before Goliath, David's all by himself. Could you imagine with Isaiah, if you were David and you tried to tell this to Saul, oh, there was a time when when when you should send me king to fight Goliath because there was a there was a time when when a lion came to devour the flock of God and and a bear came another time and with my bare hands. Really, David? With your bare hands. really bare hands. Are you sure you're not exaggerating that? Who was there, David? Well, you imagine if I showed up here this morning, I got here this morning to church and and I told brother Isa Me and Brother Isaiah showed up and we were two hours late and y'all been singing and praying and singing and praying. Finally, me and Brother Isaiah and brother John show up and I get up here and I say, "Friends, I'm so sorry we're late. You'll never believe what happened. We stopped down at the at the the Exxon station there to get gas and out come from nowhere. Didn't know even know y'all had him in Iowa. Here comes a great big African lion and he charges at brother Isaiah and I grabbed him by my hands and I took him and I slammed him over and just as we were getting in the car, a black bear grabbed brother Danaqua and I had to pull the black bear off and I grabbed the black bear by the jaw and I broke his jaw and I flipped him over. And that's why I'm late. Now y'all turn to Second Samuel. Now you imagine, you'd think I was one of two things. A complete liar or a complete idiot. Lunatic. You know what's funny? But this is exactly where God puts David. God wasn't going to allow there to be anybody watching. And God is not going to allow there to be anybody in your lion and your bear. It's going to be very different from your Goliath because Jesus said, "When you pray, enter you into your secret." Amen. And shut the door and what you have done in secret, your father will reward you openly. What was Goliath? God was going to say, "David, I don't want your faith resting in people or crowds or your pastor's prayer, but you've got to find victory when nobody else is watching." Hallelujah. David, you've got to have victory when there's nobody there to pray for you. Nobody's there to encourage you. David, I've got to fight. I've got to bring a victory in your life. Wonderful. when you're all by yourself because you are who you are when nobody else is there. Did you hear me? You are who you are. Not when everybody's watching and you got the anointing of people and you got your pastor's prayer and you got your brother's encouragement. Amen. That God says with the lion and the bear David, "In order to have faith to face Goliath, you've got to first learn to depend on me and me alone." You see, private success equals public victory. Goliath, if I could say this, was David's public reward for private success. Let me tell you this. When you see a successful Christian and you see someone who looks like they live a holy life and a godly life and a consecrated, that did not come just by putting a smile on their face. That came through dark nights and dark times when nobody was there. David, when his wife is captured in Ziglag, the Bible says David encouraged himself in the Lord. And sometimes through our battle with the lion and the bear, you've got to be able to encourage yourself when there's nobody there to encourage you. This is why David could have the faith to look at that giant and say, "Who is this?" I don't know about you, brother Isaiah, but I almost think a lion and a bear with my bare hands is a lot greater than a Goliath giant with a sling. Amen. Amen. You see, God is going to give this man victories in the past to shape who he is in the present. David was not going to build on past failures, but he was going to build on past victories. That's why David said, "The same God who delivered me out of the pole of the lion and the bear is the same God. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. The same God who saved me is the same God who can keep me through the fire, through the trial, through the valley, through the storm. He's the same God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You see, private victory equals public success. But very sadly, very unfortunately, the same principle applies that private defeat equals public disgrace. We hear about people who've fallen. They say, "Oh, brother Matt, how that that brother was so godly. He he preached the message and and he lived the message and and he lived a godly life." and you hear about this man falling into adultery or this woman and you ask yourself, how could that happen? Seems like one day they're good and then the next day they're they're you know that they're just totally fallen. You hear about them and they're gone and you're shocked. You see, all me and you get the opportunity to see is the Goliath that slays them. What we don't see is the years and months of that lion and that bear consuming their mind privately when they were feeding on Facebook and doubt and they were feeding on negativity and eventually that lion and that bear begin to consume their mind. Oh, they put a smile at church but that lion and that bear was craving was was consuming that mind. Wonderful. David finds us out the hard way. Boy, we got to hurry. I hope y'all are here for church this morning. The Bible says in verse two, notice verse one, it says he sends Joab in verse one and his servants with him in all Israel and they destroy the children of Ammon, the children of Aean. The children of Ammon. Wait a minute, David, in chapter 10. You were fighting Amon. So, you mean to tell me that you didn't finish the job in chapter 10? And now the time of season of war comes and God's telling you, go back and finish what you started. Don't leave it half undone. Go and finish the job, David. So, chapter 11, David fighting Amon was actually to go and finish off the kings who survived. But instead, whereas chapter 10, he was there fighting and the king was on the battlefield. Now the king says, "You know, you know, Joab, y'all go ahead. Y'all can handle it. Y'all go ahead. You know, I'm tired and and I just think I'll stay home on tonight on Wednesday night." And, you know, I think I'll just I'll just stay at home and, you know, y'all go to church without me. Y'all go ahead and and and and you know, I think Joab, I think I think y'all could y'all could handle it. You know, I'm just going to I'm just going to stay home, you know, because you know, I I I just think it's best and you know, I'm I'm tired and I'm weary and I think I'm just going to stay. And so David sends Joab to go finish his job. And he's the job is to defeat Amon. Now, I want to show you something very interesting that I thought was amazing how scripture dubtales. Anybody here ever heard of a god? And I'm sure you have if you if you believe the message and believe and read your Bible, you heard of a god called Moolok. You know what Moolak was? It was a heathen god. a god of fire where these heathens would take their firstborn child and they would take their children and they would sacrifice this baby to this god of moolok. Isn't it amazing that you've heard the god of moolok? Guess whose god Moolok was? Guess who created him? Guess who made him existence? Guess who gave him existence in the Bible? Amen. Amen. So, David fails to go fight Ammon, whose god was Moolok. And who suffers for David's sin? Who suffers, Mom? Who suffers? Dad, when you're not at war, I want you to get lazy spiritually. Who pays the price for compromise and dropping standards? The generation coming. Who pays David for your sins? It won't be you necessarily, but it'll be your kids. cuz you're going to lose child after child after child because of this one mistake in your life because you failed to be at war and you failed to discern you're living in a time not of peace of war and Moolok who is the child killing God and who's David going to lose child to child to child because instead of finishing off Aean David stays home. Came to pass, verse two, notice in your Bible, if you have your Bible, read there in verse two, it says, "It came to pass in an evening tide. And it came to pass in an evening tide that David arose from off his bed at an evening tide." Go look this up. Evening tide means about 3:00 in the morning, Brother John. 3 to 4 in the morning. Wait a minute. David, hold on. David, hold on. Everybody else is sleeping. Everybody else is in their bed. Uriah is in his bed. What are you doing at 3:00 in the morning? Brother Brandon said this, "Evil spirits come out late. So don't stay out late." You take it or leave it. I take it. David wakes up at 2 or 3 in the morning. His alarm goes off. David wakes [Music] up and we get up and the Bible says he walks out of the roof of the king's house and he sees a woman very beautiful. Now notice he necessarily nothing's tooken place yet because he can't help what he sees by looking. Brother Brandham said you can't stop birds from flying over your head but you can stop them from building a nest. And the Bible says David sees and he looks. She was very beautiful. Now notice if Bsheba is eligible in those days David could have her. So nothing's wrong here. He sends and inquires. Verse three, he said and inquired after the woman and one said, "Is not this Ba'ath Sheeba the daughter of Iliam the wife?" It should have stopped there. But how many times does God say stop and we go just one more step? Just one more Lord stop. Run Joseph run. and we go one more step. The Bible says he'll never tempt us above that which we could be tempted. But with that temptation, he'll make a way of escape. Then how many times do we choose not to take that wave of escape and continue to flirt with the enemy? You know, I'll read just a little bit more. I'll look just a little bit more. Stop, Joseph. Run for your life. The Bible says he sends and inquires. He takes her. And we know what happens. You know what's amazing about this is that he doesn't stay in Jerusalem to meditate on the law. He doesn't stay in Jerusalem to write psalms. Oh, I'm going to stay here, Joab, because I want to I want to study the word. I'm staying home from church tonight to study the word. I just feel, you know, I feel led. I feel led. How many times do we use that? I feel led. I've heard that so much I'm almost sick of hearing it. Oh yes, brother. Because what we say we feel led for and I look at the action that we're saying we feel led for. I feel led to take this job that's going to take me out of church. Let me tell you something. God will never lead you against his own word. I wonder sometimes do people feel led or did they eat lead? Excuse me. I don't mean that disrespectfully. Forgive me. He didn't stay in Jerusalem to write psalms. In fact, he didn't write anything. How many psalms do you think David wrote in this time of his life in this penthouse apartment where he had this castle and he had everything and he had all the money and he had all the people and he had everything he ever wanted. Zero. Zero. In fact, David doesn't start picking up a pen and writing again until after he falls. You see, prosperity is dangerous. Let me say that again. Prosperity is dangerous. It's more dangerous than poverty and adversity. But what do we want? We don't want adversity. We don't want trouble. We don't want stress. We don't want trouble. We don't want uh you know problems. Say, "Lord, take them away. Lord, give me, you know, if I, you know, you know, prosperity sometimes is more dangerous than adversity. Oh, yes, brother. Let me ask you something. Which David would you rather be? I'm going to give you two Davids, and I want you to pick. This David has $50,000 in a savings account. His net worth is $3.6 billion. He has a castle. He has the newest cars. He has the newest houses. He has everything he want. He had people waiting on him hand and foot. Man, you know what? He didn't worry about how he was going to pay the power bill. He didn't worry how the mortgage payment or the rent was going to come. He didn't worry about sending his kids, you know, giving his kids education. He didn't worry about groceries. He didn't worry about food. He had no stress, no worry, no pain, no anxiety. He didn't fear for anything, man. He had it all. No pain, no stress, no worry, no anxiety, brother, that sounded good. You mean I can have all that? No pain, no worry, no stress. Oh man. Would you rather be that David or would you rather be this David? Hey. Hey. Have y'all seen Saul? Have y'all seen Saul? I I I've been out here in the woods for six weeks. I've had a bath. Haven't brushed my teeth. But Saul Saul's coming for me. He's throwing spears at me and God has me here hiding and he's on the run. Have y'all seen him? I hope he's not around. Which David would you rather be? [Applause] Now, let me tell you something. There was never a more carnal, lukewarm, backsliden David than the David who had no stress and no worry and no fear and no pain. But there was never a more spiritual onfire David than the David who was running from Saul. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And we wonder about trouble and why does pain come? And why does heartache come? And why does stress come? Because your father knows what's best for you. Hallelujah. You should thank God for your trials and your test and your trouble. Oh, we love the book of Psalms. And some of you say, "My favorite Psalm is Psalms 27, Psalms 18, Psalm 6." When do you think these Psalms were written? These Psalms were written out of the darkest hours of this man's life. They were written in the most painful, the hardest. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, you should thank God. The Bible says your trial of your face is precious. It's more precious than gold. Job said, "For I know when he has tried me, I shall come forth as pure gold." I know after I go through test and after I go through trouble, it'll be to work the character of Jesus Christ. Because brother Brandham said, character is not a gift. It's a victory. And there's no victory without a fight. Hallelujah. Let no one say when he's attempted, I'm being tempted of God. For God cannot be tempted, nor he himself tempt anyone. But each one is tempted when he is picked up and carried away with his own lust. He's enticed by his own lust. And when lust has conceived brings forth sin. You know what sin is so amazing? Sin snowballs. It's not static. It's not stagnant. In fact, it's dynamic. It grows. It gets bigger. You tell a lie. It gets bigger and it gets bigger. He had a brother in a church. I don't know if exactly if I get these details right of this story, but it was a it was a story to the effect that he told to his soon tobe father-in-law and he was going to marry a woman and he was wanting to impress his father-in-law and he was a surfer. back home we have, you know, the big waves there and not, you know, we have people uh this this man here was was really into it. He'd go to Hawaii, go to Puerto Rico and and uh and and and so his father-in-law asks him, he says, you know, he says, "What's the biggest wave?" Now, this is the man he's going to try to impress. What's the biggest wave you've ever surfed? And he said, "Well, um immediately here it comes. Uh 13 feet." 13 feet. Yeah. 13 feet. He told a total lie. Boldfaced line just lied right to him. He said, "You know, it was funny. You know, they were all impressed, you know, and he said, "13 feet?" Yeah. You know, I mean, and he said, "Every time he told the story got bigger. There were sharks all around and, you know, and a big old great white shark swimming over here." He said the story got bigger and bigger. He said, "You know, it was okay." He said, 'Except for the problem that I didn't realize is that once I got married, every Thanksgiving and every Christmas, they'd say, "Hey, tell that story again." And it got bigger and bigger till one day he had to go and say, "Hey, you know that story about all that?" He said, "Yeah." He said, "Hey, it was a story." You see, sin gets bigger. Amen. Sin gets bigger and it gets bigger and it gets bigger and it bigger. It snowballs. It gets larger. You know, you try so hard to cover something up. You try so hard to cover something up and no one will know about it. Don't tell. Imagine as David tried to cover this up for so long. David says, "When I tried to conceal my sin," this is what David says. When I kept silent, my bones waxed old through my roaring. his sin grows, starts from murder, starts from adultery, goes to murder of one of his mighty men. And he tries to cover this whole thing up and it becomes a big cover up. And David says this, "When I concealed my sin, my body wasted away through my groaning all the day long." Oh, I put a smile on my face and I said, "God bless you at church." But when I laid my head on my pillow at night and I looked at the ceiling and it was me and God. I knew who I was. David said, "My bones waxed old. I was young, but I felt like an old man. My body waxed old. My bones hurt. For day and night, your hand was heavy upon me. My moisture is turned into the drought of summer." Unconfessed sin will rob you of your moisture before God. It'll rob you of the Holy Spirit being able to touch you and move you. You become callous. David says, "My bones waxed old my He says, "My moisture was turned into the dried of summer." Sah, these are not times of pleasure and joy as the devil would try to paint it. These are times of misery. David is a miserable Christian. He's miserable. He sees other in vic others in victory, others finding victory, but he himself has the consciousness of that guilt and he could never go any further. And the Bible says that David says, "Oh, he says, my bones waxed old through my roaring all the day long." We're going to close here in a minute. Are you still with me? Amen. It's in this time when we find that God is slowly through this misery, through this torment of David's conscience, God is preparing this vessel. God is tenderizing the heart of David because God's about to expose him. God says, "Nathan, imagine this wasn't D. This wasn't just a an employee. He didn't just work for David. He was a bosom for him." I can imagine when God begins to reveal the secrets of David's heart to Nathan. Maybe he wakes up in the middle of the night and Nathan his entire mind is flooded with everything that happened. And Nathan begins to realize, David, David, how could you? David, no. No, David. No, David, how could you? After all God's done for you. And God says, Nathan, you're going to tell him, Lord, you're going to expose him. No, not me, Lord. Not me, Lord. God, not me. Oh, God. I don't believe for one minute Nathan had the attitude of, "Oh, I can't wait to expose him." You know, sometimes a minister can have all the right words, but the wrong spirit, and it helps no one. A mom and a dad can have all the right words to say to son and daughter, but come with the wrong spirit, and all you do is cause a wedge, and you don't help anyone. But I believe a real servant of God was broken. I believe Nathan cried tears and said, "Oh Lord, why'd you choose me? I don't want to go and tell this. I don't want to go and say this." Imagine as Nathan goes to church that day and his hands jiggling and he says, "Oh." He opens the door. Nathan walks in. David says, "Nathan, how you doing, buddy?" "Good. Good. David, you got something on your heart? Yeah. Nathan says in verse one of chapter 12, notice there in your Bible, chapter 12, it says, "The Lord sent Nathan unto David. He came unto him and said unto him, notice what Nathan says. There were two men in one city, one rich and the other poor. The rich man had exceeding many flocks and herds, but the poor man had nothing save one little u lamb which he had bought and nourished up and it grew up together with him with his children and ate of his own meat and drank of his own cup, lay in his bosom, and was unto him as a daughter. What is Nathan doing? He's painting the portrait of Uriah and Ba Sheba. That David, this wasn't a broken marriage. This was a tightlyknit couple and you and your sin and blindness and lukewarmness, tore apart a family. Verse four. And there came a traveler unto the rich man he spared to take of his own flock and of his own herd to dress for the wfairing man that was come to him, but took the poor man's lamb, dressed it for the man that was come to him. And David's anger was greatly kindled against the man. And he said to Nathan, "As long as the Lord liveth, the man that has done this thing shall surely die." It is, it's so amazing, brother Isaiah. It's so amazing to me how quickly we pass judgment. We are so fast to say something. Oh, did you see what he did? Did you see what she posted? Did you see what she was wearing? Did you see what they did? Did you hear about that teenager? So fast we pass judgment. Let me ask, how many hours in prayer did you spend for that individual? What kind of heart, caring heart, did you go in prayer and tell that person, I'm praying for you. But we're so quick to pass judgment. We're so quick just to spout off at the mouth. Jesus says, "Every idle word that you speak, you'll give an account. For by thy words, thou are justified or condemned." My brethren, be not many masters. James says, "Because when you're a teacher, when you when you when you pass judgment, there's so much more required of you." David says, "The man that has done this thing shall surely die." Verse six, "And he shall restore." David. Oh, David. David, did you know? Did you not realize in all your sin and your condition, you were so blind to your own condition and so blind to your own sin? Did you know, David, you're the court, you're the judge, you're the jury in your own court trial, and you're about to pass judgment on your own life. He shall restore the lamb. Four-fold. Four-fold. David, did you know you're going to lose four lambs? You're going to lose Bath Sheba's son, Amnadona. You're going to lose four kids because of this one sin. four children are going to be the expense and they're going to pay the penalty for what, David? For you failing to discern that you're in a time of war and you chose to stay home. Now, we could we could divide it all up into all kinds of things and it was this and he committed sin and he he had adultery and you know, but all of this none of this would have ever happened if David would have been living like it was a time of war and not living like it was a time of peace. Too many people are living like it's a time of peace and they're relaxing and they're at ease and they're, you know, just ho h and you know, kar s. Oh, wake up church. We're living in a day the Bible said would be perilous. It would be a horrible day. A perilous time where men shall be lovers of their own flesh. David, you disp pronounced four lambs, four little lambs. You're going to lose because of this, David. The Bible says here in verse verse eight, he says ver verse seven, he said verse, let's read verse six again. He shall restore the lamb four-fold because he did this thing and because he had no pity. Nathan said to David, when you came to church, you thought it was him and him and her and her and her and you thought that preacher was talking about him and this situation and that, but David, it was you. Thou art the man. It's not my brother, not my sister, but it's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. What is the zeal of the hour? What is the zeal of the hour? To say I'm wrong. To repent and say it's me. David said he Nathan said, "Thou art the man, sayith the Lord God of Israel, anointed the king of Israel to deliver thee out of the hand of Saul. I gave thee thy master's house, thy master's wives, and have gave thee the house of Israel, land of Judah. And if that had been too little, I would have moreover given unto thee such and such things. Notice what he says. Nathan says, "Oh David, wherefore has thou despised the commandment of the Lord to do evil in his sight, thou has killed Uriah the Hittite with the sword, and has taken his wife to be thy wife, and has slain him with the sword of the children of Ammon? Thou therefore the sword shall never depart from thine house because thou has despised me and has taken the wife of Uriah. And he keeps repeating it. The Hitittite. Wait, brother John. Uriah wasn't an Israelite. Oh, hold on a minute. You mean Uriah was of a tribe that God said annihilate? He was a Hittite. He was a proelite, a convert. So you mean he wasn't CG? You mean God didn't have that elitist spirit to say, "Well, he was a Hitittite." Doesn't really matter. It's amazing to me how we think we can as the bride of Christ treat everybody else and we can have any kind of attitude towards anybody. Oh, the Bible says those blessed is the man who size and cries for the abominations in the city. A real revelation of Christ and grace in your heart will cause you to love the soul of your fellow man. And it'll cause you to realize you are nothing. I am nothing outside of the grace and mercy of God who has chosen you. Oh yes, Lord. You mean God wasn't going to have classifications and partiality? Because you have done this to Uriah the Hittite. Verse 10. Now therefore the sword shall never depart. Verse 11. Thus sayith the Lord, I will raise up evil against thee out of thine house. Verse 12. Notice our principle in verse 12. Let's read this together. For thou did it secretly. Stop. Thou did it secretly. Private victory equals public success, but private defeat will equal public disgrace. For thou did it secretly. Read it together. But I will do this thing before all Israel and before the son. So God said, what you've done in private, I'm going to reveal to everyone. You say, God, that's not fair, Lord. Why would you do that? No, it is fair. You see, God gave David a chance to make it right. And this is the law as I come to the heart of my sermon as we close on this here tonight today that God gave David a chance just as he gives the harlot even in the book of Revelations. I gave her a space to repent, but she repented not. David, I gave you a chance. And I sent sermon after sermon. I sent lights and candles to light your way. I sent ministers of the gospel with a flaming sword to expose you and to cause you to react and repent, but you chose not. Brother Brandham says in choosing of a bride, and I love it so much, when God deals with your heart, act immediately. Don't wait. Don't put off. Act immediately. react to the word of God. David, I gave you a chance. God gave David chance after chance after chance. But there came a time when God says enough is enough. And now, because you won't humble yourself, I'm going to humiliate you to humble you. You love the Lord. Amen. This is a long lost law. I love what brother Brandon says here. And as I thought on my way, this is a long lost law of repentance that we've lost. You know, so many times we see people who never get victory over sin and we almost question the Lord. Do we say, "Is the Holy Ghost not powerful enough anymore, brother Isaiah?" I mean, when it I've seen it set people free and they're free and they never look back and they never turn back. Then you see other people and they come and they pray. They seem just as sincere and you see victory for a while only for them to go right back. Brother, the problem is not the Holy Ghost. The problem isn't the blood of Christ. The problem isn't the word. The problem is repentance. You see, repentance, let me say this and don't forget it. Repentance is not a prayer that you can even pray. All right? Repentance is not a prayer that you can pray. Repentance is an action. Prophet of God said repentance means when you turn around and you go towards Calvary, you go the other way. Repentance is when you act, you leave the other thing. David says, "As I turn my feet to his testimony, I thought of my ways." Hallelujah. Brother Random says, "David, after he done wrong, taken Uriah the Hitittite, the lovely Ba'ath Sheba, was going to be the father of her child, caused her gallant husband to be killed in battle. Can I have just a five more minutes?" When the prophet Nathan come in and revealed his sins to him, David thought on his ways had turned himself. Notice he turned himself to repentance and sacloth and ashes. That's amazing thing. Sackloth and ashes. Sackloth was made of goat's hair. It was very fuzzy. It itched. And these prophets, anytime they were going to repent for a nation or there was death even whenever there was a turning back, they would represent it by this sackloth, this burlap, goat's hair that would itch. And they would wear this sometimes for weeks. And then they would take ashes. They would they would had take something and burn it, kill it, burn it to nothing but ashes. And they would dump ashes all over their face and smear it on their body, cover their eyes and their mouth and their ears. And they would walk. These prophets of God would walk through the city. What was it? It was a sign of repentance in sackcloth and ashes. What did the sackloth represent? Goat's hair, a wild animal. It represented that God David said, "I'm just conceived in sin. I'm a beast outside of God." Ashes represented a resurrection. Uh Ashes represented a death from which there was no life. sackloth and ashes. Brother Brandon said he would repent in sackcloth and ashes. Oh, he says, "Oh, that's the way to turn." God will always hear a man or a woman that'll turn their feet to his testimony. I wonder tonight if they would say someone there be another David sitting here tonight that was guilty. When you turn your light out at night, you see your brother's face and he says, "Or some woman in woman's home that could be a David." He says it ought to bring you to repentance and sackloth and ashes and confession. What the church need tonight is a confession making right to come back. It's time we turn back to God's testimony. As I thought on my way, I turned my feet to his testimony. Turn as we close to Psalms 51. We're just going to read this psalm and we're going to have the musicians return here in just a minute. I want you to put yourself there in this room. Nathan has just exposed David. Notice the reaction of David. Bible says David prays this prayer. I can imagine David drops to his knees. And as you read Psalms 51, you realize this is what you realize. It's not a poem. It's not some pretty speech. It's not some pretty prayer. This was a cry of desperation. It was a cry for mercy. David's just been exposed. And David says, "Have mercy upon me, oh God, according unto thy loving kindness, according unto the multitude of thy tender mercies, bought out my transgressions. Wash me thoroughly from mine iniquity, and cleanse me from my sin. For I acknowledge my transgressions and my sin as ever before me. Verse five, behold, I was shaped in iniquity. Notice what he reminds God of. I was shaped in iniquity and in sin did my mother conceive me. Behold, I love this so much as we spoke on honesty. Notice this verse. Behold, thou desireest truth in the inward part, and in the hidden part, thou shalt make me to know wisdom. What is David saying? God, you're not so concerned with truth out here. How we dress, how we look, how we talk. You see, so many people can have truth only here, but lies inside. But God says, David says, God, you want truth inside, in the hidden part, in the inner man. Because God knows if there's truth inside, it will manifest itself outside. Thou desire truth in the inward part, and in the hidden part, thou shalt make me to know wisdom. Purge me with hissip, and I shall be clean. Wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow. Make me to hear joy and gladness that the bones which thou has broken may rejoice. Hide thy face from my sins and blot out all mine iniquities. Create in me clean heart, oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Cast me not away from thy presence, and take not thine holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation, and uphold me with thy free spirit. Then I will teach transgressors thy ways and sinners shall be converted. In other words, I'm not going to take this mistake in my life and cause me to get on pills of depression and try to get a pity party from everybody, but I'm going to take a mess that I made. I'm going to give it back to God and repent. And he's going to bring sinners to repentance. And he's going to get glory out of my mistake. Because God is the master at taking something that is broken and busted and rebuilding it for his glory. And I'm going to allow my testimony to cause others to repent. Oh, hallelujah. He says, "Deliver me from blood guiltness, oh God, the God of my salvation, and my tongue shall sing aloud thy righteousness. Oh Lord, open thou my lips and my mouth shall show forth thy praise. Thou desireest not sacrifice. else would I give it? Thou delightest not in burnt offerings. The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit, a broken and contrite heart, oh God. Thou will not despise. Do good. I love this verse. We're going to close here. Do good in thy good pleasure unto Zion. build thou the walls of Jerusalem. Why would David pray this? Because the Bible says, "The man that has no rule over his own spirit is like a city whose walls are broken." And David found that he had no rule over his own self. And David says, "Restore the broken walls, Lord. Restore the broken walls, Lord." I wonder if we could bow our heads this morning. Nobody looking around, every eye closed, pleased. I wonder if we could pray that prayer this morning. We could say, "Oh God, what I need today is a true repentance. Not a prayer that I pray, but an action that I take. Not words of a pretty poem that I speak, but a cry of desperation to say, Lord Jesus, cast me not away from thy presence, oh God, and take not thine Holy Spirit for me. Restore unto me the joy of my salvation. Oh Lord, repair the walls of Jerusalem. Restore, repair the walls that I've broken because my life is just a broken mess. Oh God, maybe someone would here would stand to their feet and say, "Lord, let me come to you in sackcloth that's in ashes. Let me come to you in a real face of repentance to say, I'm wrong. I want to change. I want deliverance. I want to restore the joy of my salvation." Maybe you're just here today and you want to say, "Lord, I want to rekindle the flame. I want you to refill me with the Holy Ghost. I want to come back to divine fellowship and divine purpose for my life. Oh God. Oh Lord Jesus, bring back the new again. Bring back the way it was before. Oh, where did the wonder go? Where did I lose the glow? Bring back the new again. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Oh yes, Lord. Hands up today. Today. Maybe we could all stand to our feet with our hands raised. Oh, let's just pray a prayer. Lord Jesus, oh God, with lips that you gave us, we'll declare your works and your marvelous ways. With hands that you gave us and allowed us to have will raise them, Lord, as a sign of surrender because the clay today, Father, is surrendering to the potter and saying, "Shape us and mold us, make us, Lord Jesus." Lord, if we've been in Jerusalem in a time of peace and Lord, we we we've been out of season. Lord, call us to war today. Lord God, ignite our souls and our hearts, Lord Jesus, back to the battlefield. Don't let us stay in Jerusalem, but it's a time when kings go to battle. Lord, I pray like David, teach my hands to war. Teach my hands to fight this fight of faith. Teach it to fight this adversary, the devil, who wants my children. and he wants my home and he wants my family. He wants my marriage and he wants my church. But I'm going to stand in the way of the devil because when the enemy comes rushing in, the Lord raises up a standard against him. We stand today, Father, as a congregation, one for one. Maybe put your hand over on that brother, on that sister, and just pray a prayer for him. I pray for my brother living in a perilous time. I pray for my sister living in a perilous time. May you say to us, oh today God, oh thou, oh man of God, flee unrighteousness, seek godliness, seek righteousness, fight the good fight of faith. Fight the fight. Oh, press the battle. We're living in a dark day, a perilous time when the enemy is surrounding us. But it's a day where we join together in unity. We join together in faith and we say as David said, "Thou, oh Lord, are a shield for me. You're the glory and the lifter of my head." Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Call us to war. This is a time of war. It's not a time of peace. Call this church to war to hold up the bloodstained banner of Christ to not compromise. to stand for your truth and your word and your ways. Oh God, call us to fight the fight, Lord Jesus. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Maybe we could just thank him just for a minute, church. Oh, let's just raise our hands and praise him just for a moment. Thank you, Lord Jesus, for divine grace. Thank you for divine election. Thank you for divine mercy when I didn't deserve it. Lord Jesus, you were merciful to me. Thank you for your blood that cleanses from sin. Thank you for a blood that never loses its power and reaches to the highest mountain. It goes and flows to the lowest hell. Oh, thank you Lord Jesus for your resurrection power. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord God. Thank you oh Jesus. Thank you oh God. Oh, do you love him today, friends? Isn't God good? Hallelujah. Give him a a worship offering. Give him a praise offering. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] You know, David when he would rally his men, that's why he writes Psalms in the ways that he does because David never fought an army where he had more than the army he was facing. But David was always put in circumstances where he was small and the enemy was great. And so God would give David songs and David would rally his troops around. And they didn't have many instruments, but they begin to beat the drums and clap their hands. And David would begin to pray and he begin to praise. You know what his songs would do? It would bring courage to the men. David would begin to say, "Many are they increase that trouble me. Many there be that say of my soul, there's no help for you and God say law." But David said, "But thou, oh Lord, that's what the devil says. This is what I say. Thou, oh Lord, are a shield for me. You're the glory and the lifter up of my head." He could say, "I will look to the hills from which cometh my help." Where does my help come from? My help comes from the Lord. And he began to sing these songs of courage. And it brought faith to the people. And it brought faith to the men to say, "We can come. We can do anything through Christ who gives us strength. Greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world." Oh, hallelujah. Oh, I feel like a song he might would sing. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, the angels bow before him. Oh, sing it, church. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, Jesus is the God we serve. Hallelujah. The God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Oh what a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Oh the angels bow before him. Heaven and earth. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, Jesus is the God we serve. Jesus is the God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Jesus, I'll never forget. No, never. There's a river of life flowing out from me. It makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. Oh, it opens prison doors, sets the captives free. There's a river of life flowing out. Sing it again. Oh, there's a river of life flowing out. And he'll make the lame to walk. Make the blind to see. Sets the captives free. Oh, flowing out. Oh, give the Lord a hand clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. [Applause] Oh yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord God. Oh, thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you for your word this morning, Lord. We love you, Lord Jesus, more than words can say. Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord God, that you are the glory and the lifter up of our heads. Father, we love you, God, that you said, "Come unto me boldly unto the throne of grace that you can obtain mercy and find grace to help in the time of need." We're so thankful, Lord Jesus. You're not a God who slaps us and who kicks us and beats us when we're down, but you said, "Come unto me that are heavy, that are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." Lord, I pray dear father that you would just so take the word that has been sown. Lord, may it accomplish the purpose that you sent it to bring. We ask it now, Lord, in your name. We love you and we thank you, Father, in Jesus Christ's name.
