################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2014-02-09 - The Double Minded Man Part 2 - 2013 11 03e - Jason Watkins - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2014-02-09
Title:    The Double Minded Man Part 2 - 2013 11 03e - Jason Watkins
Speaker:  Jason Watkins
Church:   Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 17m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lW-bAlO8tTc
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
The Double Minded Man Part 2 
Jason Watkins
Recorded - 2013 11 03e
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Gracious. Well, it's good to be a Christian, isn't it? Amen. Brother Ram says, he says, "Oh, if I couldn't be a Christian, I just don't know what I would do." Amen. There's nothing no life like it. Amen. To just think, friends, to just have peace in your mind and freedom from sin and oh my, the insanity of the world to just realize you're of a different breed and a you got a different mind and a different objective. I got a different objective than the world. Amen. We don't me and the world do not look at things the same way. Amen. They look at you know I you know there's a lot of things in this age that are unique to this age that have not been in any other age. I mean if you don't if just if you just take Luke 17 alone that that as it was in the days of Noah and the days of Lot so shall it be. say, "Well, but it was that already." But wait a minute. Brother Brandham was identifying the days of Noah and the days of Lot in the 1960s, saying it's already there. Now we're 50 plus years worse than the days of Lot. You're living in an age has never been, friends, the world has never been this level of wickedness. And uh how are we surviving it? Well, we're living in the age of impossibility. really. And you're actually not surviving it. He's surviving it in you. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Because there's no possibility. I'm here to tell you that without Christ daily, fervent in your life in prayer and fellowship and communion with the Holy Spirit, you is no surviving it. There's no surviving it. You ain't fooling nobody. You are not surviving it. Amen. And I want to I want to I want to do all and be all that the Lord uh desires for me to be. Amen. I sure enjoyed myself today and glad to see all of you back out again this evening. Good to see I love all of that singing and love to see God's people happy. All right. So, we're going to go right to our lesson then and pick up from today where we left off. And uh we'll just read our scripture quickly again in Luke in Matthew chapter 6. Matthew chapter 6. And then uh we'll put straight away a statement here on the board on the overhead that I didn't get to this morning. But Matthew chapter 6 and verse 22, the light of the body is the eye. If therefore thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light. But if thine eye be evil, thy whole body shall be full of darkness. If therefore the light that is in thee be darkness, how great is that darkness? Uh let's pray. Father, take now, Lord, our minds under your complete control. Teach us thy ways. Lord, you said that to Israel you showed your acts, but unto Moses, you showed your ways. And Lord, we know your acts. We can read the history. We know how you acted in the in the days of the church. We know how you acted in the days of our prophet. But that's history, Lord. I I want to know your ways, Father, because we're facing things today that even our prophet messenger never faced. And so, uh, a lot of times, Lord, we we have no direct reference. We face things today that have no direct reference. We can't go back to any quote and find an answer for it. So our only our only help and hope is to know your ways so that then by the mind of God we can determine what is the right way and the wrong way in this hour that no one has ever lived in such an hour. Lord you put us here on purpose and it your purpose is behind it and so we just relax in your hands. Father we commit it all to you now in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you friends. You can be seated now. I want to um in a moment here take this statement uh from brother Brandham and I I there's something that I want to just give you a little bit of a a heads up because I want you to notice it that when we're reading it there's two really big points that I'm putting this quote up for. Uh and the second one is what I want you to notice more even than the first one. But I don't want you to miss the first one. The first point is as we all know and as I was saying today that there is a what's what separates the family of God is a gene of God. Amen. That God has a geneed family in the world today. Now that's not a decision I made or brother Brandon made. Even Paul didn't make that. But it's certainly declared and Jesus taught it very clearly. I I uh that same that story I told you that little story today about that Baptist uh Bible school theologian. He was a pastor of a church there and confronted me on some of these issues of the teachings of the prophet. And we got to talking about, you know, the the the the gene of God and and the seed of God. I think probably because it's probably my own fault. I set him off a little bit by I I kind of, you know, he he I couldn't figure out why he was so angry and why he seemed like a man like you'd backed a wild animal into a corner and he seemed like he was afraid and I was trying to, you know, and I and finally I realized that he really thought he had it in his mind, Brother Brooks, that somehow I was there in competition with him for the attention of the city. And you know, he's trying to win everybody to his church and I'm trying to win everybody to mine. And I just said, "Look, sir." I said, "I I realize now that that's your thinking." I said, "I don't think like that." I said, "I'm not here to win this city." I said, "I'll go ahead and surrender. You can have them." I said, "If that makes you feel better, I'm not here to win this city." I said, "I only want God's children." That's it. I'm just here for God's family. And I said, "And if you got any of them prisoner of war in your church, I want them, too." Amen. Amen. And so, you know, and of course he didn't like that too good either, but and so, you know, and then that kind of led to a discourse about the seed of God. And I said, "Well, Jesus clearly taught." He said, "You mean to tell me that you believe that there's people who are just the seed of God and there's other people who are not?" And I said, "Well," I said, "That's what the Bible teaches?" He said, "The Bible doesn't teach that anywhere." And so I didn't here I I didn't even have my Bible with me. So I just reached and grabbed his and I took his and took him right into the Gospels. And Jesus begins to explain the parable of the sewer. Yeah. And he said a sewer went forth and sowed seed and and then a sewer come behind him a devious guy and sowed other seed. And when the when that some of it came up as wheat and some of it came up as tears and I said the disciples asked him later tell us declare unto us the the parable of the swer. He said it's simple. The field is the world. The swer of the good seed is the son of man. The the the wheat are the children of the kingdom and the tears are the children of the wicked one. Amen. I said how complicated is it? Amen. So you know so then that's the that's the point that we make. Uh now it's it's not that God God offers God to be just offers salvation offers a chance to every man. Amen. To every man. Amen. He even offered a chance to Cain. Amen. And and what was amazing is is he offered Cain the very same path that the that those of Matthew 25 will gain eternal life because of their deeds. Matthew 25 they weren't it's obvious in Matthew 25 that they weren't the bride because they were at the judgment bar. The bride is seated on the throne. So it's very obvious, but yet they were being granted eternal life. And they said, "How are we getting?" And he said, "Because you get you clothed me when I was naked. You visited me when I was in prison. You fed me when I was hungry." And they said, "You know, Lord, when did we do this? We we're glad we did it." Well, I don't really remember doing it. He said, "Well, when you did it to my family, you were doing it to me." And so, they actually gain eternal life. They don't come there with it. They're granted it because of their works. Yeah. See, you can't work your way into into redemption, but you can gain eternal life at the judgment mark because of your works. And God said to Cain, "Listen, Cain, God knew Cain could not receive the revelation Abel had." So God just simply said, "If you'll just do as your brother, that's all you'll need to do. You You're never going to get the revelation. It'll never be real to you. You'll never have an understand it like like Abel. Uh, but if you'll just do the works of your brother, I'll I'll let you in just on that. And even Cain couldn't even do that. And he slew his brother. See, I even Jesus even when Judas betrayed him, Jesus questioned him before he did it on the are you sure you're going to betray the son of man with a kiss, Judas? Now think, don't cross that line. There's still a chance for you. you know, and and and and yet when he he he kissed him and betrayed him and sealed his doom. And and so God offers to be just, he has to offer a way to everybody. See, but but it's certainly true that he has an elected special elect family that are not just coming to salvation like the foolish virgin who are saved, but they go through the tribulation because they're not born again. Yeah. See, they're they're not there's a difference between salvation and redemption. Redemption is a further work of salvation. Redeem means to fully buy back and bring you back into a position in Christ. See, and so it's not that that that the foolish virgin don't have a seed. Brother Brandham said they have a seed, but they never get the moisture to make that seed grow. And that's just God's sovereignty. Amen. See, so uh brother Brandman there in the seventh seal, he said, you know, if there those names on that book, he said, if it would go on another, uh, he said, now that makes our heart bleed. He said, but if it go on another thousand years, there wouldn't be one more name added to that book. See, and and and brother Brandham said, just be glad you see it. Amen. Just be glad you're in. Blessed Jesus said to the disciples, "Blessed are your eyes, for they see." So I want you to see that God has this elect family. But the second thing I want you to notice in this quote is that you don't have the seed just for having the whole purpose is to bring you to a position. So God is intending not to just you're not here today to say, "Praise God, I got a CG of God, that's it. I'm done. I can go home." No. God has got Why do you even still come to church? Why are you not yet raptured? Because God wants to grow you. God wants to mature you. God wants to positionally place you. Because the promise to to the planet earth is that the word would return again in human flesh. Amen. Just like it did when it walked the shores of Galilee in one man. Amen. God never God never intended to stay bottled up in one man. God intended to take that life and divide it into a church and have a many membered body. Christ being the head. Amen. You understand? Amen. That's that's a mouthful. Wow. Uh so so now with that in mind, I want you to watch now. Watch how God handled the gene in Christ himself. All right, brother. Let's have it. All right. So this is from the Sriian church age. So brother Brandham says he says it is not, watch this now. It is not the person that comes predestinated eternally from God. It is the word or seed. See, so now that that means that you you can't not only can you not earn earn this position, you can't lose it. That's right. Amen. See, so nothing can separate me from the love of God. Amen. Neither height nor depth, famine, peril, sword, nothing. So if nothing can separate me, then even me can't separate me. Amen. All right. Way back there, too far back for the human mind to grasp the eternal God with eternal thoughts, thought and decreed. Jacob have loved, Esau have hated. That's a reference to Romans chapter nine. Next slide. See, it was the thought and then that thought became expressed and God bought back Jacob because Jacob alone was seed. Jacob alone had the seed. That is why he had respect to the birthright and covenant of God. If you are true seed, you will hear that word. The spirit will baptize you into the body of Christ fil. Now watch. Here's why it does it. filling you and empowering you and you will receive the word for your day and age. See how clear the true evidence becomes when the word is revealed to you. Again, note Jesus was the royal seed. He lived in human body. He lived in a human body. When the spirit called to him, the word manifested thought. He went to Jordan and was there baptized in water. Upon obeying the word, the Holy Spirit came upon him. And the voice said, "This is my beloved son. Hear ye him." The voice did not say, "This has become my son." Jesus was the son. The Holy Ghost positioned him as that son before them all. So, it's about positioning. Yeah. So, it's about growth. All right. Next one. Then, having been filled thus, and the same pattern holds at Pentecost and ever after. having been filled thus he went in demonstrated he went in demonstrated power receiving the full revelation of God and from God for that day. Now we have been constantly saying that the true evidence of being baptized with the Holy Ghost is for the believer to receive the word for the age in which he lives. Let me show you most clearly. He quotes a scripture. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith to the saith to the church churches of each age. In every age, it was the same cry. Hear what the spirit says. If you're a that's the evidence. Amen. You hear what the spirit says. If you are a Christian, you will get back to what the spirit is teaching. That is the word of this age. Every messenger to every age will preach that word. Every fresh and true revival will be because men have gotten back to the word for their age. The cry of every age is the rebuke. You have left the word of God. Repent and come back to the word. From the first book in the Bible, Genesis, to the last book, Revelation, there's only one reason for God's displeasure, leaving the word. And there is only one remedy to regain his favor. Back to the word. All right, that's all of that, brother. Thank you. Now, so we find that it is your ability to say amen to every word. And if you remember, you can take that down as soon as you can get to that, brother. You now, if you'll remember saying amen to every word, don't don't limit your mind to believing that that is just me mentally agreeing with the with the doctrine because the devil mentally agrees with the doctrine. Saying amen to every word, you have to go back to brother Brandham's version of what amen means. Brother Brandham said to say amen means so be it. So whatever the word of this age is calling upon you to do in your life, you are saying from your heart, so be it unto me. It really has very little to do with understanding the doctrine. You there might be a lot of doctrine you don't understand. There's teachings even preachers don't understand. But I know this. Whatever the word is compelling me to be, from my heart, I'm saying amen. So be it. That's what Mary said. Mary said amen to the messengergers's words. So saying amen to every word is a heartfelt desire. You've been born again and you're and the evidence that you are born again is not that you have that you have a perfect lifestyle. The evidence that you're born again is that you desire a perfect life. Amen. From your heart, you know, you know you want God. Even if you're stumbling, you know you want God. So, so then what comes down to it? God gives us the ability to grow in grace and grow in the stature of a perfect man. Now, not the statue of perfect man. The message got enough statues in it already. It's the stature of a perfect man. All right. And that's just a word play. I know brother Brandham said sometimes statue. I get that. He also said empire instead of umpire. But but anyway, but it's a but really that if you go back and look at the scripture perfectly, it's the stature of a perfect man. All right. So uh so God now is bringing us into this. All right. So then we begin to think about our message today of the double-minded man. And we want to we want you to realize that that not only must you first establish that you're not double-minded in that you're not just convinced mentally but unconverted. We want you to be converted. But then you find that some people are still unstable even though they're converted and it has it's nothing in the world. A lot of times they fear maybe they've not been born again yet. They're in such a conflict because they know they love God. They know they love his word. They know they want it so bad. They want to live in a manifestation, but they find themselves stumbling. And a lot of times preachers will tell them, "Well, you just never been born again." And and they end up going back to an altar to try to get something they've already got. And they just go around and around and around and around. And brother Brandham said, "The bride has got to understand her position." Amen. That she is safe and secure in Christ. And I know we make mistakes, but God can bring you higher and higher into victory. Amen. You listen friends, you don't have to keep fighting that merrygoround. Get off that merrygoround and believe God. Put the devil in his place and just say, "Devil, I know that I have passed from death to life. I can't explain all of my failures, but I neither can I explain the love of God in my heart. Amen. I might can't defend myself if you're going to accuse me of my fleshly mistakes, but you can't defend yourself when I tell you about my love of God and his word. Amen. Hallelujah. And so I uh we we've got to press on. And so you begin to look in the Bible as the Bible says they're for our examples. How did God's family find a way to press on? So we want to look and see uh the a little bit. I want to look in the life of Abraham tonight. We'll have you turn to Genesis 13. Genesis 13. And I just want to uh catch uh verses 14 and 15 here. And uh we're going to we're going to I'm going to not make you read a whole lot of stuff. I'm I'm probably just going to try to take you through it in a narrative uh kind of a little bit of a storytelling. I love to do that. Uh take a character out of the Bible. You know, Brother Brandham said, "If you got a problem, you don't know how to beat it." He said, "Find you a Bible character who had the same problem and do what he did." Amen. Or do what she did. That's right. Said because the same God that honored them will honor you if you do the same thing. See, so you don't know how to get get past that. You don't know how to get uh what you need out of God. Just find you a Bible character who figured that out. And you do the same thing and they will uh and the Bible is full of every kind of character you'll need. Amen. There's nothing you'll encounter from the cradle to the grave that God hasn't provided you an example for. I promise you. All right. So, so now we watch here in in uh and let me see, do I want to read um I think I'm going to go with verse 14 and 15. Uh Genesis 13. Let's look at verse 14. And the Lord said unto Abram, now look, after that Lot was separated from him. See, that's important. The Lord, now this is the third time the Lord is going to speak to Abraham. He's already spoken to him twice before, and now he's going to speak to him a third time. And he says, "And the Lord said unto Abraham after that Lot was separated from him, lift up now thine eyes, and look from the place where thou art." Now watch northward and southward and eastward and westward. Uh for verse 15, for all the land which thou seeest to thee will I give it and to thy seed forever. See, so so you find then of course that you know God's gift was not given uh you know to Abraham. We were commenting on this at the restaurant and let me just grab it. You don't have to turn there, but I'll just read it for you. We find that that in in Acts chapter 7, in Steven's sermon, when Stephen is preaching his indictment, he says in the seventh chapter of Acts, speaking of Abraham and this inheritance, he Stephen says to Abraham concerning Abraham, "And he gave him none inheritance in it. No, not so much as to set foot on. Yet he promised that he would give it to him for a possession and to his seed after him when as yet he had no child. So we see here in Genesis 15:18 uh I mean here in where he he's promised him that he's going to give him all of this in his seed forever. that God God's gift was uh not given to Abraham personally but to him as a as a representative of a whole nation. Amen. So he gives it to him in representation of a whole seed line. Amen. Of a whole family. So it it so so whatever I the reason I say that is so that you can see that whatever God did for Abraham you're entitled to. Amen. See, it wasn't just God giving Abraham a little gift and all of us are closed out. He gave it to Abraham. And though Steven points out that, he never gave him not even a place to set his foot. That was actually ever his but he gives it to him in representation of a coming family. I will give it and to thy seed forever. All right. So, so then we see then that brother Brandham says it like this now concerning because it's important that we see that God didn't didn't move forward in this plan until there was some separation going on. He after he separated from Lot, God says this first time God says to him, look northward, look south, look east, look west. All that you see I I will give it to you for a possession for thy seed forever. Now watch brother Brandham in the word in the message in 1964. God's word calls for a total separation from unbelief. Brother Brandham says here is the type of the flesh. All right. Now watch. This this what you're going to see that that that's not the the part of the quote. That's what I'm telling you. You're going to look for you're going to I'm going to show you this type that Lot is the is a type in one sense of the carnal believer. And then and then when you can then when you take the microscope and go on down, you find Lot as a perfect type of of our own carnal flesh and our own carnal desires. We got to overcome that. Amen. We want God to press us on into the heavenlies. But we got to be willing to lay this flesh on the altar and separate ourselves from its lust and desires. See, and you say, "Why won't God bless me?" God is waiting. God is ready to do it. So, here we're going to see this type of the flesh as Lot and and and the converted heart in the soul, which would be, of course, Abraham. So Abraham was uh you you'll see here brother Brandham says notice Jesus said though that concerning uh the visit to Abraham he said it'll happen again as it was in the days of Sodom so shall it be in the coming of the son of man again the spirit of God will come upon mortal human flesh when Melzdc visited Abraham he visited as a human being see so as a human being he comes first as as as Melzdc in theophony which You can see why that he served Abraham communion, but Melzdc himself didn't partake of it. He served it to Abraham, and Abraham paid him a tithe of all. I I I I was I was going to say a comment to you earlier, Brother Isaiah, that you know, it's it's it's kind of a funny saying almost, but preachers who preach that we should no longer take communion should also stop taking tithes from the people. Yes. Amen. Because they were together. Amen. Amen. He served in communion and he gave him a tithe. Amen. So, all these preachers that run around saying, "We don't need communion anymore." Then stop taking the people's money. Amen. All right. I bet you they'll change that doctrine real fast. Again, the spirit of God will come upon mortal human flesh. That that man eat, and this is now in in 18 where he comes to him as a man, eat meat of a calf, drinking milk from a cow, and eat butter and bread and human flesh. And Abraham said he was Elohim, God manifested in flesh. Jesus promised that God before his coming would be manifest in human flesh again. That's the Holy Spirit. There's only one God manifesting himself separating again Lot from Abraham. Lot wanted the world. See, and God separate tore up his world. God tore up his world and separated Abraham and Lot. Lot being a type again of a carnal believer who didn't think these things were true, he just went on down to Sodom. He didn't have the real spunk to stand out as we'd call it and call what was right right and wrong wrong. So he went down. So now God here is is speaking to Abraham now that you've separated yourself from Lot. Now I want you just to look around. And it it's amazing because you'll find that that the first time where the Bible will say, "And he lifted up his eyes." Now, Abraham is going to lift up his eyes because God tells him to lift up now and look. But the first time is actually Lot and it's in verse 10 of the previous chapter. And Lot lifted up his eyes and beheld all the plain of Jordan that it was well watered everywhere before the Lord destroyed Sodom. That's right. See, and Gomorrah even as the garden of the Lord. So the the this Jordanian valley was beautiful. It was lush. It was watered. It wasn't the barren wasteland that it is today after God rained judgment down upon it when Lot looked upon it. So now what is God saying to Ab. Now it's amazing that when when Abraham when Lot lifted up his eyes and he looked toward that sin. He looked toward the fertile plains and he knew the sin of Sodom and Gomorrah. And yet he chose he lifted up his eyes and chose to go toward the easy belieism, the easy religion. Oh, there's nothing barren about it. There's nothing hard about it. There's no mountaintop in it. It's just a low place of sin. Yeah. But if you'll notice that when when Abraham says, "Okay, you go that way and I'll go another way." And then when he separates, now watch God says to Abraham, "Now Abraham, lift up your eyes." And if you'll notice, when Lot looked, he looked east. That's that was the direction of Sodom. And he went eastward. When God said to Abraham, "Now I want you to look around." Yeah. He didn't say just look north, south, and west. He said look in every direction. Look north, south, east, and west. You see, because God was showing God was going to destroy that fertile valley because of sin. But he was showing Abraham a promise that someday I'm going to restore it and I'm going to give it back to you and it won't have any sin in it. See, So we see then that that that Abraham would get it all back anyway. So so so you know he he was to he was to enter Abraham was being called to enter into a time of what the world would call what unbelievers would call and always call trials and afflictions and trouble. But the word doesn't call it that. The word refers to it as as a as that your faith that your trials are more precious than gold. That they work patience. See the what what what what a what Lot interpreted and the world interpreted was Abraham, you got a hard life ahead of you because of the choice you made. You're going to go into some deep, dark, hard trials. They're going to be afflictions and they're going to be troublesome. But the word would call it faith and patience training. Lord, that's the difference. The world calls these things hard afflictions and trouble. The word refers to it as faith training. Building up your patience, build exercising by thereby. And so you know that that that that that yes I know and the Bible acknowledges that yes though it is fiery. The Bible acknowledges that trials can be fiery. Amen. The Bible's not ambiguous about that. It acknowledges that they can be fiery but it tells you that it's precious. In fact is it's more precious than the gold that's cleansed by fire. And that gold, the Bible says, even that gold, if the fire is too hot and for too long, even the gold will perish, but you won't perish because you're more valuable than gold. So Abraham was learning, and this is a this is an odd way to say it. Abraham was learning to run with patience. Now, that's from Hebrews 12. Paul talks about that and he he he admonishes the church. This is all about maturity tonight. This is all about growth. We want to learn how to be overcomers. All right. I know I'm not double-minded in the sense that I'm not I'm not unconverted, but but if I'm not careful, I I I won't grow and I'll still be indecisive. I still will, as Peter said, I'll be blind. I'll get amnesia. I won't be able to see very far. I'll forget that I was purged. Amen. Start acting like I'm back in the old day again. See? So Paul says, "Let us run with patience." And you know, running is more apt really, if you think about it, running is more apt to suggest the absence of patience because you're running. You know, be patient. Slow down. But no, you're running. So how do you run with patience? And there is a patience there is a patience today which I believe to be harder uh than what the world would understand patience to be and I believe that that is the patience that can run. See, so to have, you think about it, friends, to have a great weight uh upon your heart, maybe some deep hard trial, and yet you're still commanded to run. See, and yet you're waited down with sorrow and and the believer can have much sorrow, much pain. Many times trials bear us down and all we want to do is go crawl in a corner. A lot of times we can get in a pity party and feel sorry for ourselves and just become an uh, you know, just inanimate for God. We just almost just quit working. But the Bible keeps saying, "No, come on. I need you to have patience in that trial, but I need you to keep working. Keep going. I need you to I need you to run with patience. I need to put these two together. I know it sounds like an oxymoron. You're running with patience, but that's what I need you to do." See? And so, so the the the hard thing, you know, uh the hard thing is that most of us are are called to exercise our patience not in in in the bed sulking, not in a a closet hiding, but but we're called to exercise even under deep trial. We're called to exercise our patience in the streets, in the market, on the job, wherever we go. Amen. We're never even supposed to come in public appearing sad. That's right. But we're called to exercise our patient in active service, in worship, in in social settings, uh in the contribution to others joy. Amen. Even when a lot of times when we're down and sad, we're our our duty is to try to make somebody else who's down and sad joyful. Amen. Oh, and that's a hard one sometimes to bear is to, you know, the uh to bury our sorrow in such a difficult time, but it is running with patience. Uh George Mat Mat said this once. I thought it was noteworthy saying. He said, "Men ask for a rainbow in the cloud, but I would ask more from thee, Lord. I would be in my cloud myself a rainbow, a minister to others joy. Amen. My patience will be perfect when it can work in the vineyard. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, I just love that. Men ask for a rainbow in the cloud, but I would ask more from thee. I would be in my cloud myself a rainbow. Amen. A minister to others joy. Oh, Abraham was needing to have his patience perfected. And so he he he God needs him to separate himself from Lot. And so you'll notice that that Abraham, and this is important point. So Abraham was not, and watch this now. I'm going to give you a scripture till you know I'm not just out on a limb here. I got a scripture waiting here from Paul in First Corinthians. Abraham, watch I say it. Abraham wasn't he was not told to not look at the world around him but he was told how to look at it. See say what I I you know I thought we're supposed to separate from the world. You know when Paul says that to the Thessalonian church and then they write him a letter. Paul you said that we should be separated from the world. And so they write him back from the from this from church history and they say you know we got jobs we go to school. I mean we got neighbors. How do we? And Paul immediately writes back in his second book. He says, "Now, when I said that to you, I realize he said, you you can't be separated." He said, "If you're really going to be separated from the world, you'd have to go out of the world." See, so we understand that. Watch what he says in First Corinthians. But this I say, brethren, the time is short. It remainth that both they that have wives be as though they had none, and they that weep as though they wept not. See, and they that rejoice as though they rejoice not, and they that buy as though they possess not. Amen. Watch what he goes on to say because he his whole point is here is how to be in the world, but not abusing. We are in the world, but not as those who abuse the world. We're in the world, but we don't abuse the world. So God says to Abraham, "Now look eastward." Oh, but Lord, that's the direction Lot looked at. You're not going to go there, Abraham. You don't be afraid of that. You're more than an overcomer. I'm here to make you an overcomer. You don't need to go uh live in a commune. Yeah. You don't need to build a wall around you. I need you to get out in the streets and and run with patience. I need you to take up the mantle and be a disciple and go tell the world Jesus lives. Hallelujah. Amen. So, so you know, it's it's it's amazing how that that that that the Bible carries on. It seemed like I had one more thing I wanted to read. Let me check one scripture uh just to give it to you before I move on from here because I won't get back to it if I don't. And maybe that's that maybe that's enough. I might pick this point up uh in a moment. So, he says um Oh, okay. Good. Yeah, I come I come I'll get to that. All right. Good. Perfect. All right. Now, so, so then when we look at the life of Abraham, now it's an amazing thing, the life of Abraham, uh, when we were reading today and let me just remind you of something we said today when we were in Luke and you know, he's talking about how the the the the eye the light of the body is the eye and if the eye be single, you know, uh, then the whole body is full of light. Amen. Because you're born again. But if the lie if the eye is not if the lie if the eye is evil then you're completely unborn again. You're you're all black. There's not black on you. You're just all black. You're a sinner. Yeah. So you're unconverted. See, it's not it's not a he said there's no black white bird. There's no sinner saint. There's no drunk sober man. So we realize then that that he goes on now he said here and this is what would come down in in Luke's gospel. Take heed therefore that the light which is in thee be not darkness. Now that's a baffling statement. How could light be darkness? But you got to keep the vein. He's trying to make an example of the man who's born again and the man who's not born again. But now he's referring, watch what he's going to turn and talk about. A man who is who has light and he's born again. But God is cautioning him. Don't have a little part of darkness in there. Watch what he says. If thy whole body therefore be full of light, having no dark part because a lot of times we find ourselves as believers born again of the spirit of God. But we we we find ourselves friends failing him here. In fact, as I'm going to suggest to you today that here you're reading about the about the the son or daughter of God, about the believer, and I'll use Bible language for you. The believer who neglects their salvation, the believer who stops pressing toward the mark, the believer who fails to add to their faith virtue and to their virt knowledge and so on and so on. And thus in practice that born again believer becomes blind. He becomes shortsighted in wisdom and life and slips into amnesia of his spiritual heritage. It can happen. Amen. See, he lives below his calling and his privilege of exercising all the redemptive blessings of God. Amen. And thus, he comes under the rod of correction from the great shepherd. All the way to death if necessary. Amen. All the way to death necessary. When this new birth that Jesus was speaking of about, he said, "If your eye is single, your whole body's full of light." If when this new birth is not in play, look at look at what Jesus shows you that you're missing out on that the scripture judges that you're missing out on this wonderful truth. the he says if the whole body therefore be full of light having no dark part the in other words if you stay prayed up and you're adding and you're pressing amen you're running with patience then the whole shall be full of light as when the bright shining of a candle doth give thee light and that's why he said you don't take a candle and put it under a bushel you let your light shine See, I I've said this before and I I'll say it again. I say it many places that I go. I'm fond of saying it because it's it's so relevant and people need uh need to understand some of these principles. I want to take two of them. We could take many more. But friends, faith, faith and peace flow naturally in an unencumbered believer. If you're full of fear and anxiety, there's some you're but you might be born again, but if you're full of fear and anxiety, there's something hindering something something that needs to be dealt with in the pastor's study or on your knees in a prayer closet, something you need from the word of God to straighten something out because peace particularly and faith particularly because remember Jesus Jesus the promise is to the believer not just the faith in the son of God. We read it today, but you're actually promised the faith of the son of God. See, you've got the faith of the son of God. So, in order to flow naturally in you, Jesus said, "Now, the world has a peace, but that's not the peace I'm giving you." Amen. I leave you with my peace. My peace I give unto you. Not as the world gives give I thee. See, so peace and faith are two things that flow naturally in a believer. And if you're full of fear, you don't have much faith or you're full of anxiety because you don't have a lot of peace. I'm going to tell you friends, it's time. You got a dark part in there somewhere and it's time to get serious with God because God wants to deliver you of that thing. God wants your whole being to be filled with light and shining out everywhere you go. It might be unforgiveness. It might be Listen, friends, there's only two unpardonable sins. There's only two. A lot of people think there's only one. There's actually two. To blasphem the hol to blasphe the Holy Ghost. Two unpardonable sins. Number one, to blasphem the Holy Ghost. Number two, the failure to forgive or I should say the refusal. The refusal to forgive and blaspheming the Holy Ghost. Two unpardonable sins. You can't you blasphe the Holy Ghost. You can't even come back from that. But if you refuse to forgive, you're stuck. See, and then you say, "Well, then but I'm but it's not my fault what was done to me." Then all you need to do is be taught from the word of God why we forgive. We forgive in Jesus. We forgive in Christ. It has nothing to do with the person. It has to It's not I'm not treating See, I'm not trying to treat them like they treat me. I'm trying to treat them like he treated me. See, no. No. There no, brother Brandham said there's no redemption in the golden rule. So we need a higher rule than the golden rule. We need a rule that says I will be unto others as he has been unto me. Hallelujah. All right. So, so faith and peace flow naturally in this person in this in this person who is pressing toward the mark. in this person who is adding to their faith and adding to their virtue. In this person who who is not neglecting their salvation and they're not neglecting the assembling of theelves together, they're not neglecting the prayer. They're not neglecting to run with patience. They're not neglecting their salvation. They're growing and running and maturing. Faith and peace flow naturally. You give off, you literally will give off the fragrance of Christ. You take on the nature of the lily of the valley and people begin to refer to you as Mr. and Mrs. Lily of the valley. Oh, the Reverend Mr. Lily. That's how I want to be referred to as I want to say I want people to say there goes uh the Reverend Mr. Lily. Hallelujah. Faith and peace flow naturally in you. Oh, you believe every word of God. All the gifts operate in you without hindrance. All all the all the fruits of the spirits effortlessly flow through you like rivers of water. That's what Jesus said. It'll be a well coming from your belly. It'll be springing up and flowing to all of those around you. Friends, that's what I want today. Oh, I don't just want to be born again. I want to be in his very image. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Oh my, you're full of faith just like Jesus. Brother Brandham said my favorite sermon in all the message. Is your life worthy of the gospel? Brother Brandham says is my favorite quote in fact. Oh, just remember Jesus humbled himself to death for you. He was not fussy. When they spit in his face, he didn't spit back. When they pulled his beard out, he didn't pull it theirs. Well, they slapped him on one side of the face and the other. He never slapped them. He prayed for them. Walked on humbly. He was an example of humility. He was full of faith. I love that. He was full of faith. Why? Why? Because he knowed his words couldn't fail. See, Jesus understood who he was. He understood his position in Christ. Listen, friends, just just knowing is only half the battle. Just knowing that you're a gene of God. That's half the battle truly. But there's there's a growth. You got to come up and become a manifestation of that. That's what God is after. Not just knowing about it. He knew his words couldn't fail. How? Why? How did Jesus know that? Watch. He so lived by the word till he became the word. Oh God. Brother Brandham says, and I love this. And every time I hear it, I I imagine I do the same thing brother Brandham says. And he says, "Oh God, let me hold my both hands to God." And whenever I read that, I just raise my hands and I say, "Lord, let me." He says, "Let me hold my both hands to God before this audience. Let me live like that. Let this word, friends, is that the desire of your heart? Let this word so become that me and this word is the same thing. Let my words be this word. Let the meditation of my heart, let him be in my heart, on my mind. Tie his commandments upon the post of my intelligence. See my intelligence. See his whole the the the inner man, the nature's changed and now it's controlling the spirit man. Tie his comp his commandments upon the post of my intelligence. Tie them upon the post of my heart. Let me just see him. When temptation rises, let me see Christ. When things goes wrong, let me just see him. When I get ready and the enemy try to make me get angry, let me see Jesus. What would he do? See, Brother Brandham says, you live, he said it like this. He said, like Jesus was a mystic. Said Jesus lived in a world all to himself. He's a mystic to the people. And that's where we've got to be friends. We got to get to a place where we just have a we live in a whole world all to ourselves. That's where power is. That's where God is looking to demonstrate himself in your lives and demonstrate himself to your loved ones. You've got loved ones you want saved. Be the be the conduit of the Holy Ghost. Be the pipeline by which God flows down and the love of God flows out and the life of testimony. Oh, I'm going tell you something. Brother Brandham said, "When a a real Christian who full of the Holy Ghost when he walks down the streets, demons howl and faint." Oh my, I'd like to know that demons howl and faint at the approach of the queen of heaven, of the bride of Jesus Christ. That's when no weapon formed against you can prosper. That's when nothing shall be impossible to you. That's when nothing shall by any means hurt you. I thought about those scriptures. Nothing shall be impossible to you. Nothing by any means can hurt you. I'm going to tell you what, nothing can be quite something if God's in it. God's nothing is something. Amen. Amen. The name of God glorified among men. That ought to be our highest desire is that the name of God is glorified among men. The light shining out to the world. See that light, if thy eye be single, the light in thee is all through your body. Amen. You become a beacon, a light, a burning light, a flaming light to the world. If your eye is single, but if your eye is evil or if you or if your eye is single, but you've got some dark parts where you're failing to grow, you're failing to press, then you're not running with patience, then you're not you're not meeting the commission and the challenge of the day. See, because when God sent us that light, friends, when God sent a light in Revelation 10:1, he he the the the Bible says, "And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud, and a rainbow was upon his head, and his face, watch, was as it were the sun." His face, see the sun, Brother Brandham said, it's the word shining in its strength. And it's amazing. And the prophet associated it with shalom, which shalom was. Shalom is the the message of rest. It's the message of peace. It was the assurance to Ruth. Oh, rest. Rest, little child. Rest for all is well. You rest, Ruth, because he will not rest until he hath finished it. And so, you know, God sent God sent this light today, friends. And the reason that you're able to see it is because the the light from heaven corresponds to the light in your heart. Amen. That's how you know that's how you know there's a connection because your whole body's full of light and that light connects to that light. It's the same light. Amen. And the world then recognizes that light by recognizing you. They they look at that light. They don't know how to interpret it and so they look at you to interpret it. You are the final interpretation of every word of God as the final voice to the final age. You're the last interpretation. You're the last interpretation of what a real father will be. You fathers, you're the last interpretation. You're the final voice to the world. This is what a real father is in a home. This is what a real mother is. This is what a real pastor is. This is what a real teenager full of the Holy Ghost. You're you're the final representation to the world of what these things are to be. So he he came down in that light and he only came for an he came for the express. Why did he descend to take us up? Listen friends, the Bible the Bible the Bible doesn't say that Enoch walked with God and was not for he went to heaven. The Bible says he was not cuz the Lord took him. Amen. The Lord took him. The the the there's no way. This world's too evil. You're never going to get there. So he came down to take you there. Amen. Hallelujah. It's just too bad. It's too wicked. It's too evil. We would never get home. So the mighty one descended. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. So he sent us a light in this day to tell us how to live, how to make these words become a living experience to the world for the world to see. Do you believe it? And God deals with Abraham in this way. God comes to Abraham. It's interesting that he comes to Abraham and he first in his first visit to him and tells him to separate yourself. That's the first command. Separate yourself. I've got a a land I'm going to give you. And Abraham is now the model for us all. He's a he's the gene of God. He's he's the first Jew. There were no such things as Jews until Abraham. So God calls him out of the Chaldans, out of out of idolatry, separates him from his family, and says, "Now I want you to leave here. Leave where you are now. Leave where you were born." Now, we're not speaking geographically, but we're speaking of our spiritual condition. You can't remain in this in this state of fallenness. You You can't Your eye has got to be single. You've got to be full of light. See, and and and it can't be it can't be an evil eye. I I'm going to show you the first thing you got to do is obey my word and follow me. And God tells Abraham, he visits him. And what does Abraham do? Sure enough, he leaves. But what does he do? He takes Lot with him. He takes his daddy with him. And it's like we do a lot of times. God calls us to something. We take all this baggage of the world. We don't make a clean cut. We don't make a clean break. See, we a lot of times we try to hold on to the world and you know that that kind of stuff will come back to haunt you. It did Abraham. It did Abraham. You notice that finally God comes to him again and that's how he ends up at Hebrron. He builds an altar, comes to him the second time, builds an altar there in Hebron and he begins to worship the Lord. And you say, "My, praise the Lord. He, you know, he he moved on from Haran. Finally his daddy died. He got stuck in Haran 10, 15 years. wasted more than a decade of his life and he hadn't even got to the promised land yet. And a lot of times we do they say, "What's wrong with my life? Why do I not have the victory?" Because you're stuck somewhere. You haven't fully released yourself to the full direction of the Lord Jesus Christ. That's true. And God was calling him on. And finally, God had to take his daddy off the scene. And then he moved on to Bethl. Then he moved to Hebron. And now, but you know what? He still got Lot with him. And there's conflict. There's still the greatest battle being fought. It's still raging. It's still his herdsman and their herdsmen. And there's all kind. Listen, as long as you as long as you are stay in association with this fallen flesh, you're going to have the greatest battle. You're going to have a fight constantly. You got to separate yourself. This thing has got to die under the control of the Holy Ghost. Abraham finally had to say, "Enough is enough. I'm going to separate myself from all unbelief. See, because you know what? A lot of times you'll you'll make the wrong decisions. I mean, look at the decision that Abraham made after he finally gets to Hebrron, but he still hasn't separated from Lot. And now he's in the promised land. But you know what happens? It all it took was a little hard time. All it took was a trial and Abraham immediately started backsliding. Sure he did. Brother Ram said, "Anytime a a Jew leaves the promised land, he's backslid." That's right. And you know what happened? A famine struck. And you know what Abraham did? Took off to Egypt. Took off to Egypt. How many times have we done that? And God promised to provide for us. And things happen in our lives and and we get threatened. And somehow we get offered this new this new way out even though it might cost me my my church schedule. I might can't pray as much. I might can't make it to church as much, but I need the money. There's a famine in the land. And you do just like Abraham did. You run off to Egypt and end up backslid and end up taking on things that take you years to shake off. Listen friends, where do you think Abraham picked up Hagar? That's right. She's an Egyptian slave. He picked her up by backsliding, running off down into Egypt. Picks up Hagar. And Israel to this day is still paying for that. Yes, sir. Israel is still paying for that one. To this day, they're paying for that one because that that that's where the that's where that that hole through here. He takes Hagar and here she has Ishmael and oh my just and then he goes down and he marries an Egyptian girl and a mother takes him and finally separates but the damage is still done. See friends, just God's word calls for a total separation. Don't get down life's way and wonder why this happened and try to blame God and blame the preacher and blame your parents and blame everybody. It's me, oh Lord, standing in the need of prayer. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Amen. see all these things. What ends up happening is little ticking time bombs just stay in us and all it is a ticking time bomb. And all it has to do is Satan bring the right set of circumstances around and blow that thing up. And you'll think you're fine. You'll think you're over it. You'll think you've beat it. You'll think you're past it. And all that's got to happen is the Lord is is the devil puts you in the right situation. And bang. And what happened? He goes off down into Egypt. And then he gets trapped. Now Pharaoh's in love with Sarah. He's going to kill Abraham, take his wife. Now Abraham's stuck. And then God exposes him and humiliates him, brings him before Pharaoh. They kick him out, give him a bunch of money, make him leave, pay him to leave, give him a big ransom to please leave. And then and take and take Hagar with you. And he still ain't got enough sense to not do that. See, and I'm not criticizing a father of our faith. I'm telling you a story out of the Bible. I I've thought many times, well, I wouldn't want to be some of these Bible characters who had their whole life told in a book for millions of people to read. How would you like to be David and find out everybody in the world has to read? I wondered if if on the other side every time you somebody walks up to David, he's going to kind of blush a little bit. I hope you didn't read that stuff about Ba'ath Sheba. Oh yeah, David, I read that it. But you know what I want to say to David? David, that taught me how to be an overcomer. Don't feel bad, brother. I I learned from that example. Hallelujah. Oh my. So Abraham, you know, he separates from Lot. God visits him for the third time there and and and and tells him look eastward, north, south,outheast and west and then you know it goes on and uh Lot gets captured. Abraham goes and has to go and rescue him. He finally gets back into the promised land and then he meets Melzdc. Beautiful story. And then uh God comes to him uh in the fourth visit and then the fifth visit in chapter 15. God comes to him the fifth time and he it's he's making him his covenant. After these things, the word of the Lord came unto Abram in a vision, saying, "Fear not, Abram. I am thy shield and thy exceeding great reward." And Abram begins to complain. Lord, he said, you know, you made me this promise, but I go childless. The only one in my house is my steward, this Eleazar, and he's going to he's going to be my heir. And God is God is showing him, no, no, not the not the one from in thy house. That's not going to be thine heir. The one from thy boughels, that's going to be the one from thy loins, the one from thy seed, that's going to be thy heir. I'm gonna tell you something, friends. I got a new I got a message for the devil. This ain't my heir. This is not my heir. This whole fallen flesh is not my heir. I got a seed line of the line of David, of the line of Jacob, of the line of Abraham. That's my air. I'm not going to have to stay here much longer and fight this battle. I'm going to be free one of these days. Hallelujah. And Abraham, you know, he the story goes on and I'm hurrying just trying to get to the end here. I just want to make one or two more points. You still with me? And so, you know, he he goes on and and then finally you get over into chapter 16 and there's Hagar and Ishmael and oh my, the trouble that that that's going to begin to cause and and and God is still talking and visiting with Abraham. He finally comes to him the sixth time in chapter 17. Neither shall thy name be anymore be called Abram, but thy name shall be Abraham. For a father of many nations have I made thee. And oh my, he go he goes on and on and and and Sarai shall not be called Sarai, but Sarah shall be her name, and I will bless her and give thee a son also of her. I will bless her, and she shall be a mother of nations. Kings of people shall be of her. Watch this now. It is amazing. Then Abraham Then Abraham fall fell upon his face. This is 17:17. Then Abraham fell upon his face and laughed. He's still He's still a doubter. He's already separated from his daddy, separated from his home, separated from Lot. God has promised him and promised him and now he's even changed his name. And Abraham's still laughing at this whole concept that I'm going to have a son from Sarah. Bible says Abraham laughed and said in his heart, "Shall a child be born unto him that is a hundred years old? And shall Sarah that is 90 years old bear?" And Abraham said unto God, "Oh, that Ishmael might live before thee." See friends when you in this journey of separation that God is calling us onward to God is calling us not to stand still. God is calling us to constant advancement because even after all this advancement Abraham still is fighting the flesh because Ishmael represented the desires of the flesh. That's what Paul says. He had two sons. One was of a promise and one was of desire. See, so Ishmael is the son of desire. That's the flesh. He's the son of the flesh. So Abra Abraham is actually Abraham is so convinced that that that he can never win the battle of the greatest battle ever fought that he's just saying, "Oh, just just let it be like it is, Lord." And God is saying, "No, I'm not going to leave you like that. You're going to become an overcomer." Amen. You're not going to keep walking after your own desires, Abraham. I'm determined to bring you higher. Amen. Hallelujah. And God is saying that to us today. The devil might be telling you, "Oh, you can't beat it." And God is saying, "You can beat it, and you are going to beat it. I'm going to cause you to beat it." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, Abraham has to keep moving. Finally, in chapter 18, God comes for the seventh time. God comes for the seventh time. In chapter 18, I think it's beautiful. It's the seventh time. Here we are in the seventh age. and he's going to promise him this son and make it a sure promise and and God is going to come to him. This is a parallel friends. This is the hour that we live in when God would appear in a human form and meet Abraham and sit in the tent with him and discern the thoughts of Sarah. This is the hour you and I have arrived in in the seventh visitation of Almighty God. And God is here to say enough of your unbelief. Enough of Sarah's unbelief. I've separated you. I've grown you. You went off to Egypt. I brought you out. You got caught lying. I rescued you. You doubted and you wanted your flesh. I keep pressing you. I keep pressing you. And I'm here to tell you, you're going to have a son. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. I'm not asking you for permission. I'm telling you this is what I'm going to do. Hallelujah. Oh, we ought to receive it today, friends, and to say, "Be it unto me that Lord." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Be it unto me. And so much so that Abraham begins to beg and plead for Sodom. Oh, now he's got the right mental attitude. Now he's understanding his commission in the world. Now he's understanding. Now he feels like now finally God is going to be able to use me. Do you know what? He still got a ticking time bomb. Even after all that, even after all those visitations, seven church ages, seven visits, promise after promise, confirmation after confirmation, rescue after rescue, restoration after restoration, salvation upon salvation, name change, visitation, God in flesh, feed him a sandwich, discern the heart, everything that God has done. And here Abraham heads to heads over gets caught up over in in Philist in the Philistines in Ger runs into Aimilec. Now this is this is you and me in the age in the seventh age in the seventh visitation when we've been given all of this. You say how could I still with all that God has done and here it is 2013 and the prophet's been gone 50 years and we see the world falling apart. Why am I still b I still in fighting these things that you're learning from Abraham? Abraham still contain had that little ticking time bomb. You know what it was friends? It just was something and you you be honest with yourself here tonight in this service. Is there anything still down in your heart? You you think, "Oh, I I I've got that under the blood." Well, it's not under the blood unless you've dealt with it. Because all that Satan will do, he's crafty. He'll just wait to line up the stars, right? He'll wait to catch you in the right mood. He'll bring an associate in to cross your life. He'll have some offer come your way. Somebody will do something against you or say something. He'll catch you in a weak moment. And here goes Abraham over in Deer. Says to the Philistine king, "Oh, Sarah, that's my sister." The exact same lie. Here he is, a mature son of God who's already ate communion with Melzdc. And there he is telling the same kind of a lie. He's all my Abraham. There's no difference in when he was in Egypt. My goodness. You see, look what happens. Here comes God has to come down again and rescue him. Expose him, humiliate him, and then he has to confess the truth. And and here this poor Aimilec, a righteous king, see type of the remnant, righteous king. Jesus called those in Matthew 25 called them righteous even though they were at the judgment bar they were called righteous said the king shall say unto the righteous you know uh enter in to the joys of the Lord it was prepared for you from the foundation of the world see and so so you find that that you say well brother Jason please tell me this has a better ending this can't be the ending well I'm glad to tell you that there was an eighth visitation oh and when came when God came for the eighth visitation, you know, I'm going to tell you something, friends. Uh there was only one difference uh when God came for the eighth visitation uh that separates in chapter 21 and God said to Abram for the eighth time, let it not be grievous. This is where this is where Sarah had said, "Send this send this child of the bond woman away." Yeah. Well, enough enough of this unity between that which is holy and that which is false. That this child shall not be heir with Isaac. The seed shall not be heir with the shock. Now Abraham send this child and her his mother away. And it still grieved Abraham. But God said hearken to her voice for it is my will. I'll bless him. I'll make him a nation. I'll make nations after him, but Isaac shall be the seed line. And Abraham finally finally the last remnants of of joining the last thing that he had to do in separation came on the eighth visit in the 21st chapter and the you know what happened in the 21st chapter a child is born. Now comes sunship as Paul said, "Oh, at one time you were you were heirs, heirs of God, but now you're joints with Jesus Christ." There was a time when you were an heir, but you differed nothing from a servant, though you be Lord of all, but now you've become a son. You've entered into adoption. You've entered into your placing. And when the son came on the scene, Abraham never doubted again. He never told another lie. He never left the promised land. He never doubted God's word. Oh, I say, Lord, bring me to sunship tonight. Let sunship arise in sons and daughters. Let's stand to our feet, friends, because this is the hour of divine adoption. This is the time of divine placing where God is finally separating his family from all forms of unbelief. or just say, "Lord, separate me from all forms of unbelief." How many want that in here? Say, "God," raise your hands. Say, "God, separate me. Take all unbelief. Take everything unlike you. Everything that's not like you. Take it away from me. Let me separate from every seed of discrepancy. Oh God, let me separate. Lord, let me be like Abraham. I don't want any dark part. I want my eye to be single. I want my whole being to be full of light. I want to be filled with all the fullness. Oh God, help me tonight. Oh God, let me I don't want a tinking time bomb. I don't want something and it's just waiting to catch me. Lord, let me turn loose of everything that's contrary to you in my life. Cut me free, Lord. Set me free, Lord. Oh, let us move into the higher atmospheres of sunship, Lord, under the eighth visit, under the eternal day, under the eighth visitation, oh God. Oh, master, in this eternal hour that the bride is living in, make us come into that position of sons where we're not just heirs, but we are joint airs with Christ. Where I'm I'm not just an heir like a servant, but I actually have a position. I'm actually a son. I've actually I've been I've been approved by the tutor. I've been approved by the Holy Ghost. And now God has vested me with authority. Oh, he's changed my name. And now the sunship is here. This is the hour of sunship. Friends, this is the hour when the bride is at her final victory. How many want that? Say, God, I want my final victory. Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a hand. Yes, Lord. Oh, hallelujah, Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, let's worship him, friends. Oh, wave your hand. Say, Lord, glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory to God in the highest. Lord, for great things that you're doing in our lives. Oh, Brother Brooks, God bless you, friends. God bless you. Such a wonderful time to be here. Amen. God bless you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, brother Isaiah. Praise the Lord, brother. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Oh, victory in Jesus, my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. Oh, I love the air. I knew him and all my love is to him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing blood. Oh, I heard my old story. Our savior came from glory. How he gave his life on Calvary to save a wretch like me. I heard about his heat. Yes. And his cleansing blood atoning and I repented of my sin and won the victory. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming. Oh, he loved me. I knew him and all my love is to him. He finds me to victory beneath the cleansing blood. I heard about his healing of his cleansing power reveal. How he made the lame to walk again and cause a blind to see. Oh, and I cried in Jesus. Come and heal my broken spirit. And somehow Jesus came and brought to me the victory. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he loved me with his name. Hey, he loved me. I knew him and all my love is to him. He plunged me to victory beneath the cleansing blood. I heard about the manion built for me in glory. And I heard about the streets of gold beyond the crystal sea about the angels singing and the old redemption story. And some sweet day I'll sing out a song. Oh, victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his raising. Oh, he loved me. I knew him and love is to him. He punched me to victory the cleansing blood. Amen. Woo. Glory. Glory. Thank you. All I can say if you're not blessed, it's because you don't want to be blessed. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Ain't God good to us? Amen. Surely we have been blessed in these services. As they say, money can't buy what you receive this evening. Let's pray. Amen. For our brother. Amen. That God will strengthen his body. Amen. Lord. [Applause] Hallelujah. Ooh my my my Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. You love the Lord.
