################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2014-08-02 - The Children Of The Kingdom - 2014 06 29m - Andy Schuler - Andy Schuler.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2014-08-02
Title:    The Children Of The Kingdom - 2014 06 29m - Andy Schuler
Speaker:  Andy Schuler
Church:   Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 19m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSzH8vBaY3c
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
The Children Of The Kingdom
Andy Schuler
Recorded - 2014 06 29m
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
So, praise the Lord. And if you have your Bible, I'd like to uh I'd like to turn and uh we're going to read uh two portions of scripture here this morning to to kind of kick us off. Brother, would you mind if I took my jacket off? Is that all right? All right. Amen. It's tough digging ditches with your jacket on. Amen. So, I get down to work here this morning. We want to read uh in Ephesians chapter 2 and then we're also going to read in Daniel chapter 2. And uh I've got a I've got a lot of scriptures here that I'm going to reference this morning. I'm not going to ask you to turn to them all because it just take too long. But but you know if if you're writing them down um you know you can go back and look at them later. I believe believe it'd be a blessing for you. And uh but there will be a few that that we do turn to together. And I see that you don't have a clock in here. I like that. But I'm gonna I brought my own. So we we take the clock down sometimes in our own church just, you know, because we're not creatures of time, right? Although we're still trapped in these bodies of time. Amen. If you if you uh have Ephesians chapter 2, uh I'd like to read uh from the fifth verse to the 10th verse. Scripture says, "Even when we were dead in sins, he hath quickened us together with Christ. By grace you are saved." Amen. Aren't you thankful for God's grace? Amen. Amen. And hath raised us up together and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. That in the ages to come, he might show the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus. For by grace are you saved through faith, and that not of yourselves. It is the gift of God, not of works, that lest any man should boast. For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them. Amen. In Daniel chapter 2, want to read one verse here from Daniel chapter 2 verse 44. Scripture says, "And in the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom which shall never be destroyed. And the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all of these kingdoms, and it shall stand forever." Amen. Amen. Would you bow your heads with me this morning? Our gracious heavenly father, we're so thankful, Lord, for what you've done for us, Lord. Father, this work is your work, Lord. We're just hands, Lord. We're just feet. We're just lips, Lord God, of clay, willing vessels, Lord, that want to be part of your great plan this morning. Oh God, you had some eternal thoughts, Lord. You had an eternal plan, Lord. And I'm so thankful this morning that we are included in those plans, Lord. Lord, not only are we included in them, but Lord, we're the focus of them, Lord. Your children, Lord, your thoughts, your attributes. Father, as I stand before you redeem this morning, I pray, oh God, that you would bless my lips, Lord. Father, that you would come and speak to us this morning. Father, we we have need of thee, oh God. Lord, we're not here to to to hear the ideas of any man, Lord. Father, we're not here to entertain our own uh intellectual thoughts, Lord God, but we want to hear your word, Lord. We want to hear you speak to us, Lord. And Father, we know, Lord, that you have a word for us this morning. Father, we believe that there is a word for this people, Lord, in this place. Lord, I have need of you this morning. I want to hear from you, Lord. Oh, God. Just one touch of you this morning. Father, just one word, Lord, from your lips to my ear, Lord God. Father, that's our desire this morning. Lord, speak to your children. Speak to us, Lord. Father, we'll be careful to give you the glory for it. Father, I pray that you drive away every demon of unbelief from this place this morning. Drive away fear and doubt, Lord God. Father, I pray that you bind the spirits of darkness, Lord God, from operating in this place. Lord Jesus, come Lord, in a mighty way, oh God, this morning, Father, raise the faith of your people. Lord, raise our faith up into the heavenly realms, Lord God. Lord, bring us up to that place, Lord God, where your word, Lord, has total preeminence in our lives. Oh God, we love you and thank you, Lord. We honor you and give you praise this morning in Jesus name. Amen. Amen and amen. You may be seated this morning. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. The humidity is different on my voice. Amen. We're used to that dry climate out there in Arizona, but I like it. I love the green. Amen. And I was telling brother Isaiah, I love the rain. I love the natural rain, and I love the spiritual rain. Amen. Amen. This morning I want to speak to you uh about a subject and I if I would give it a title it would be the children of the kingdom. Amen. The children of the kingdom. We believe to this morning that that if we're born again of the spirit of God we are the children of the kingdom of God. Amen. And we see here in the the scripture here in Daniel where it's speaking of these gentile kings. Amen. Daniel has seen a vision or or not Daniel but Daniel has interpreted a vision. Amen. Of the the gentile kings of the world and and their their glory and their splendor. And the Bible says that the word of the Lord comes to Daniel and it says in the days of these kings, these gentile kings. In those very days, God is going to establish a kingdom. Amen. He's going to set up a kingdom that will never be destroyed. Though you marvel at this great uh gentile kingdom, these great kings and their opulence and their power and their might, God is going to set up his own kingdom. Amen. And he's given us some attributes of this kingdom. It will it will not be left to other people. Amen. It will it will it will never rot or or p pass away or fade out. and it will break in pieces and consume the other kingdom. Amen. And it shall stand forever. I like that. Amen. And then in Ephesians chapter 2, we read uh I I want to to particularly point you to that verse there where he says that he hath raised us up together in that sixth verse. Amen. He has raised us up together to and made us to sit in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Amen. And that's what we want to speak about this morning. Heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Amen. So God has established and he's determined to establish a kingdom during the time of the Gentiles. And this kingdom is very different from the natural kingdom. Amen. You know, the these natural kings, they they they've taken their kingdoms by force. They've waged wars. Uh they've they've they've bu built huge building projects. Amen. They they've built monuments and and huge natural uh things, politics, uh assassinations. Uh they've they developed technology and everything in the natural to build up their kingdom here on earth. And this is their focus and this is what they they they want a kingdom that they can establish and then they would hand it off to their children and their children's children and they would be proud of their achievements. Is that right? But God says that there is a different type of kingdom that he's looking for. That's right. And the problem is brother sister that you know uh people today are looking to the natural kingdom. Amen. Amen. They're they're looking to medicine or they're looking to uh technology for all their solutions. Now, there's nothing wrong with using medicine or technology for your solutions. Amen. But when that's your ultimate, when that's your absolute Amen. Satan in in this day, Brother Brandham said that this is Satan's Eden. Is that right? He's trying to establish his own kingdom. And it's based on intellectualism. It's based on man's works and man's reason. It's based on uh attempts of science and things and things in the natural. Amen. But God says, "I'm going to establish a different kind of kingdom." It's the type of kingdom that that doesn't corrupt. Amen. You don't need a Botox injection to stay young in this kingdom. Amen. because there's a fountain of life. Hallelujah. Amen. Is that right? You don't you don't need the the technology and and the things or to to uh to to make the kingdom last. So, this is the type of kingdom that God was going to begin to usher in when John the Baptist appeared on the scene. Right? The Bible says that uh John the Baptist came preaching from the wilderness and his message was repent for the kingdom of heaven is at hands. Amen. Amen. He said I'm for running the ushering in of a kingdom. Amen. And then uh the Bible says in Mark chapter 1 14 and 15. We won't turn to it, but it says that Jesus came into Galilee preaching the gospel of the kingdom of God. Amen. And saying this was his message saying the time is fulfilled. Amen. Amen. It's here. This prophecy in Daniel was speaking about it. A time of the Gentiles when when the kingdom of God would begin to be ushered in. Amen. Hallelujah. He said, "The time is fulfilled and the kingdom of God is at hand." Amen. Repent and believe this gospel. Amen. Because you see, brother, sister, we once dwelt in a position of power on the earth. Adam and Eve. Amen. On the earth, we dwelt in a position that God had placed man in. man that was made in his own image. Yes, sir. But God had placed him in a natural kingdom, the earth, and he said, "You should subdue the earth. Take preeminence on the earth." He gave this earth to man. Amen. To be the the minor god of the earth. Is that right? And Adam didn't do that by the sweat of his breath. Amen. Amen. He didn't build tractors to till the land. Right. He didn't have technology. He didn't he didn't develop uh uh vaccines to combat disease. No sir, right? He didn't use technology to do what God had told him to do. Amen. No. If a tree if he wanted to move a tree, he spoke to it. Amen. Amen. So, brother, sister, he he reigned on the earth from a faith realm. Amen. Amen. And that's what we want to speak to you about this morning. He reigned from a faith realm. He reigned from the kingdom of heaven and he reigned on earth. Amen. Amen. So, Adam, though he was in the flesh, yet he he was a dual being, spirit and flesh, just like we are, but he he dwelt in that realm of faith. And that's where he operated from. And everything that happened here on the earth happened because of what Adam spoke by faith. Amen. Amen. So, and we know that through the fall, we lost that position in heavenly places. Amen. We see here in Ephesians where it tells us that we've been restored to that position in heavenly places. We've been lifted up into heavenly places through Christ Jesus. Amen. So, we know that the reverse of that was we were fallen from heavenly places through Adam's fall. Amen. Amen. Are we just just bear with me? We want to we want to push through some of this here this morning. Amen. So, Adam had lost that position in the that heavenly place, that place where he could speak and it absolutely happened. Amen. Amen. And now Jesus comes on the scene and he's saying the time is fulfilled. God's children have been held out of this heavenly realm long enough. Amen. Amen. Man has been shut out from the tree of life long enough. Now the time is fulfilled. Amen. Repent. Turn back from your ways. Say amen. Amen. He says, "Repent and believe this gospel." Amen. For the kingdom of God is at hand. Amen. So Jesus when he began his ministry, he began to do the work of the father to prove that this kingdom was being ushered in. Amen. He was providing access back into that place, that that heavenly realm. Amen. And it was time for the people to rise up and to enter into this place that they had been previously shut out of where once a cherubam had been set with a flaming sword to keep man away from the tree of life, lest he eat of it in his fallen condition. Now through the blood of Jesus Christ, the cherubim with a flaming sword is driving man back as fast as he can go. Through the Messiah, we gain access again to what we had lost in the beginning. Amen. Amen. What a change, brother, sister. Amen. This is a change in dispensation. This is God moving on the scene. Amen. The kingdom had come back to man. Oh my. Amen. In Matthew 11, the Bible says, "From the days of John the Baptist until now, the kingdom of heaven suffereth violence." And the violent take it by force. For all the prophets and the law prophesied until John. And if you will receive it, this is a lie which was for to come. He that hath the ears to hear, let him hear. Why the kingdom of heaven suffer violence? Because the kingdom of heaven wasn't ruled by its rightful owner. Amen. The prince of the power of the air has taken man's place. Amen. So, it's not bad enough that Adam fell from his position in the garden. his position in that faith realm where he could speak and nature would obey. But it but Satan has squatted in his place. Amen. Amen. And the Bible says that that that Satan is the prince of the power of the air. Is that right? Well, that's our position. Adam is supposed to be the prince of the power of the air. Amen. Man is supposed to have that position. Amen. man is supposed to be the one that speaks to the storm. Amen. You know, and brother Brandham dramatizes it when they're on the when they're on the sea. Amen. And he says, "The prince of the power of the air comes and he pulls up and he and he stirs up a storm to try and sink the boat." Right. Well, brother, sister, that was man's position to control the weather. Amen. Amen. Amen. That was Adam's original call in his place was to be able to be that the power the prince of the power of the air. Amen. The one to speak to storms. Amen. So what happened was Jesus looks out and he sees Satan using a a usurped authority of man to stir up the storm against the the people of God. Amen. Jesus looks at it and he was sent to undo all this. Amen. Amen. And he looks up and he says, "Peace be still." Amen. And the winds and the waves obeyed him. Why? Because he was reasserting the authority. Amen. He was taking back that position. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. The Bible says in Matthew chapter 12, Jesus said, "If Satan cast out Satan, he is divided against himself. and how shall his kingdom stand? Amen. But he says, "If I by be elabub cast out devils, by whom do your children cast them out?" Therefore, they shall be your judges. But listen to this. He says, "But if I cast out devils by the spirit of God, where's he casting them out from?" Amen. He's casting them out where they're squatting on your position. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We're not supposed to be sick. When there's a demon of sickness afflicting you, he's sitting there in your land. Amen. Amen. And he has to be cast out of there. He doesn't belong there. Amen. That's yours. Amen. He says, "But if I cast out devils by the spirit of God," he says, "then the kingdom of God is come unto you." Amen. He said, "This is the proof." This is the proof of what I'm talking about. Amen. Because, brother, sister, our type is Joshua. Amen. Going into the promised land. Amen. That land was theirs. It was given to them by God. God said, "This is your land. I've given it to you. But there are inhabitants in that land. There are squatters there. There are giants there. Amen. There are enemies of God there. It's not theirs. It doesn't belong to them. Amen. It's yours. But they're there. Amen. Amen. So Jesus says, "I come to cast out those devils." Amen. Because they don't belong there. I'm preaching an entrance into the kingdom of God for you. and Joshua, they had to go and they had to cast them out. Amen. They had to drive them out of their lands. Evidence that the kingdom is being restored. Jesus said in John 3:3, he said, "Verily I say unto thee, except you be born again, you cannot see this kingdom." Amen. Jesus preached about the kingdom and the people wanted to know, "What is this kingdom? Where is it that you're talking about? You're talking about restoring this. What? What? Show it to me. You know, let me see it. Amen. And he said, "You can't see it." Unless you're born again. Amen. You can't perceive it. In other words, you can't know that it's there. Amen. Others, uh, there'll be there could be two, you know, side by side. One could be living in heavenly places. One could be exalted into the kingdom of God and the other wouldn't have no idea that it was that was even the case. Amen. Why? They can't even perceive it until they're born again. Hallelujah. Amen. You can receive blessings from the kingdom. You can partake of the loaves and the fishes. In other words, amen. You can receive blessings, but you cannot have the right and the position and the blessing that comes with that position to be a citizen of the kingdom. Amen. Until you're born again. Amen. You won't have access to your uh your personal spring of living water. Amen. Without that you you will live from revival to revival. Amen. You you you'll go from from meeting to meeting or whatever. Amen. But brother, sister, there is a living water. Amen. Amen. There there there's a wellspring of the Holy Ghost. Amen. That can water you and feed you. Amen. And brother, sister, without that you you you can't know the kingdom of God. Remember that original prophecy in Daniel. This is a kingdom that will stand forever and will consume all other kingdoms. Amen. So this is a special class of citizen that's part of this kingdom. Amen. We're not just talking about being a citizen of the United States, right? This is a special kingdom. Just just as there are benefits to being a a citizen of our country or or of another country. Amen. There are benefits to being a citizen of this kingdom. Amen. But it's a special class, brother, sister. The Bible says that they are overcomers. Amen. They are not overcome by evil, but they overcome it. Amen. They're elected. They didn't call themselves to this, but they were called. Amen. Jesus said they must be perfect. Amen. We'll get into that more later, Lord willing. But brothers and sister, that perfection doesn't flow from their own works or their own goodness. Amen. But it flows from the newness of life through the Holy Spirit. Amen. So uh Jesus gave Peter the keys to this kingdom. Amen. Jesus came and through his sacrifice he ushered in or he made a way for us to gain entrance back to that position. Right? But he didn't open the door. He just made a way and then he gave Peter the keys. Amen. Is that right? When when Peter who was able to receive revelation of who Christ was, he gave Peter those keys and he said, "You whoever you know, whatever sins you remit, they'll be remitted." Right? Those famous words. And we know what Peter did with those keys. Amen. On the day of Pentecost, after the blood had been shed, the life that was in the blood came back on the believer in the upper room. Amen. It It's not a It's not a natural blood, brother, sister, that saves us. Amen. Like in Egypt, they put a natural blood over the doorposts. But today, it's not a natural blood. If you had a vial of the natural blood of Jesus, it wouldn't do anything for you. might it'd be nice, right? But it's the life that was in the blood. Amen. That life had to come back down on the believer. And that's what happened at the day of Pentecost. Peter stood up with the keys, gave those notable words. They said, "Men and brethren, what must we do to be saved?" And he said, "You must repent, be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." Amen. This is the entrance into the kingdom. Amen. Jesus said, "You can't even know the kingdom's there until that happens." Amen. So, this is how the kingdom is being established and how the prophecy of Daniel is being fulfilled. Amen. We are born into this natural earthly kingdom and we must be born into the spiritual kingdom. There's no other way. Amen. So many people, brothers and sister, they try and get around that. Even now, when we've come so far and we've had so much word and so much truth given us, even now people are trying to say, "No, it comes another way." You know, even since uh the the the prophet came and brought the message to us and they say, "Well, now since the seal's open, it comes a different way." It's not written. Amen. It's the same new birth that must get you into the kingdom. Amen. Amen. Matthew 16:19, Jesus said, "I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven. Whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." Amen. I'm going to read you a quote. Hope that's all right. From from Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Brother Abraham says now Peter when he called said thou art the Christ the son of the living God. Now watch blessed art thou Simon Barjonah. He says which means son of Jonah. See for blessed are thou thou for flesh and blood never revealed this to you. You never learned it from some school but my father which is in heaven he's revealed it to you. Notice what he said unto him unto this upon this rock. Peter, that's Peter, the predestinated seed of God, had received this light and been given the keys to the kingdom. And upon this rock of revelation of who Jesus Christ is, he's the full manifested God. Amen. Upon this rock, not a father, son, and holy ghost. Amen. And him being the second person, not that. But upon this rock, I'll build my church, and the gates of hell will never shake it down. Amen. Never prevail against it. Amen. That's the prophecy. Amen. That it would crush the other kingdoms. Amen. That it would never be torn down. He said, "See, I'll build my church upon this rock, a revelation of Jesus Christ." Look, Christ in you, not Christ of history. Amen. Not not Christ in a book. Amen. Not not a Christ of your father or your mother. Amen. Or your grandma. Amen. Hallelujah. But Christ in you. Amen. It's got to be personal this morning. Christ in you makes him the center of life of the revelation. People claim, "Oh, we've got this revelation and that revelation." They're talking about a mental understanding. It means they've been taught a doctrine and they understand it with their mind. That's not revelation. Christ is revelation. Amen. the life of Christ. Hallelujah. Quickening his word. That's revelation. Making it live. He is the word. Amen. Look, Christ's life in you makes him the center of the revelation. Christ in the Bible makes the Bible the complete revelation of Christ. Christ in you makes you the complete revelation of the whole thing. You see, in another place, Brother Brandham says, "If you can't see Christ throughout the whole Bible, you need to go back and read it, right? Because he's there from Genesis to Revelation. You should be able to find Christ in every part of the Bible." Amen. And that's step one. Because if you can find the bridegroom in every place in the Bible, you should be able to find a bride right there with him. Amen. Because she's a part of him. Amen. He says, "What is the new birth?" Then you say, "Brother Brandon, what is the new birth?" It's the revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. Amen. See, not you joined a church or shook a hand or done something different. You said a creed or you promised to live by a code of rules. But Christ, the Bible, he is the word that was revealed to you. And no matter what anybody says or what takes place, it's Christ. Pastor, priest, whatever it might be, it's Christ in you. And that is the revelation that the church was built upon. Amen. That's what's establishing this kingdom. Amen. the revelation of Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. So this life, this Christ that's come down and birthed you into the kingdom, that's the token. Amen. That's the token life. And that's your citizenship card. Amen. If somebody wants to know, are you a citizen of of a country or or you know of a of an earthly kingdom, you you're given a citizenship card or some proof of your citizenship. Is that right? You're given something that you can show and say, "Yeah, I'm an American citizen. Here's my passport. I'm coming into your country." Or something like that. Is that right? But brother, sister, God gave us the Holy Ghost as the token of our citizenship. Amen. It's proof, brothers and sister, that we live in heavenly places. Amen. It gives you access to the benefits of the kingdom of God. Though it's not seen with the natural eye, yet it's there. Brother, sister, there are no half citizens in this case. You know, a lot of countries, they allow dual citizenship, right? You can be a part of this country and you can be a part of that country too and you can have the benefits of living over here and you can have the benefits of living over there. Whatever the case may be but we are called to be soul citizens. Amen. The problem is we are too dual citizen-minded. We try to live by this earthly realm but we're in the world but we're not supposed to be of the world. Is that right? Amen. Because you see, these citizens are bound by laws. This natural kingdom is bound by laws. Right? Now, it's a fallen king. It's bound by laws of sin and death. Right? You You know that in your You know that when you get up in the morning. Amen. I know that more and more every day, Brother Brooks. Amen. I get up in the morning and I know that death works in these members. Amen. Amen. Because this natural world is bound by the law of sin and death. It's bound by time. It's limited by physical senses and our natural experience. We're limited by what we can feel. We're limited by what we see and hear and taste. Amen. Amen. We're limited by our natural logic and our natural understanding. Oh, but brother, sister, Amen. There's a kingdom that has a higher sense. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. When the the the the the natural senses fail. Amen. Amen. And you're bowed down under the law of sin and death. Then you can reach into another realm. Amen. And by faith sense, you can say, "The word of God has said that I'm healed." Amen. Amen. And you take that word and by that faith, Amen. You bring that word and make it manifest in this realm. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. One kingdom has sickness, one kingdom has healing. Amen. Amen. One kingdom has death, the other kingdom has eternal life. One has nervousness and fear and worry, and one has peace and joy and love. Amen. We've been blessed with all spiritual blessings in this kingdom. The Bible says all spiritual blessings. Amen. Amen. But we have to renounce our citizenship of this earthly kingdom. Amen. to walk in that heavenly one. We must constantly press into that a as our old flesh man still desires to live in this realm. Amen. The kingdom of heaven is a higher order. It's a higher order kingdom. Amen. You know, so many of the bright minds of our day and great, you know, scientists and great thinkers, they make fun of someone who lives by faith. Amen. They they say, "Oh, you know, evolution is true, and you know, we want to we want to prove everything through a scientific method, and you know, we we're we want to see it and feel it and taste it and understand it." But you see, brother, sister, they they they're they're at a lower rung. Amen. They can only come so far with that. And they look at someone with faith and they say, "Oh, you're a nut. You're crazy." Right? Am I the only one? Okay. All right. Amen. Amen. Don't go to sleep on me now. Amen. Because they say you're crazy. You You can't see it. You can't reason it. Say, but faith is a higher sense. Amen. They can't even they can understand it. But it is a higher order sense than our natural senses. Is that right? So we begin to live in heavenly places by faith and only by living in that realm can we then begin to resume rulership over this realm. Amen. Amen. How are you going to make your body come in line with the word of God? It's got to be by faith. Amen. Amen. You have to rule from that realm. Amen. You can't rule from the realm of your symptoms. Amen. You have to rule over your body from a faith realm. Back doing what Adam did in the beginning. Amen. You see, brothers and sister, we have been called to be kings and priests to God. Amen. We have been called to be rulers of this natural kingdom. Now, we realize, and you know, I'm not I want to make sure that we're square on the word with this. We realize that that not everything's going to come under subjection. Amen. Until that time when Christ comes back, right? and and everything comes under subjection to the king, right? But we can rule this piece of earth. Amen. This is where it starts. God is not asking you to rule over this nation right now. He's asking you to rule over this piece of ground. Amen. Amen. So we can affect change in this natural realm by asserting our position in heavenly places. Stepping back into that position that man forfeited in the Garden of Eden. Amen. Amen. Ephesians 1:3 tells us, "Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings, but only if you're in heavenly places in Christ Jesus." Amen. All spiritual blessings flow from there. Amen. Let me just uh read to you, can this quote here? Modern events made clear by prophecy. Brother says, "The real ordained of God, that real gene, a soul of God that was in God before the foundation of the world." He's talking about your soul. Amen. Remember you that's really got the spirit of God in you tonight. You were in Christ. You were in You were here in Christ because he was the fullness of the word. Amen. Amen. Don't miss that. Now, you were, if you are a part of the word, you were in Christ because he was all the work. Amen. Amen. If you're an attribute of God, if you are a thought of God, that's part of the word, a portion, your portion. But he was all of it. Amen. Amen. So, you are one of those in him. Amen. He was the fullness of the Godhead bodily. God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself. Do you believe that? Look, he was in Christ. Then if you were in God, a gene, a word, an attribute from the beginning, then you walked with him here on earth. You talked with him on earth. You suffered with him on earth. You died with him at Calvary. And you rose with him again. And now you're seated in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Communing with him. Amen. the word as it feeds into your soul. Amen. He's in heavenly places. You're communing with him. Amen. He's gone into that place where you couldn't go because of your sin. Amen. And he's taken back that position for us. Hallelujah. Man shall live by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God. Amen. Amen. And this is also from God of this evil age. He says in God's own thinking the great spirit in the beginning before there was a beginning he was God and did you know you were in him then if you are a Christian now you was in him then and then if that so be then the whole godhead bodily shaped up in the person of Jesus Christ when Jesus died at the cross I was with him for I was in him then for he was the fullness of the word manifested knowing that we would be manifested later and we was at Calvary with him we We went to the grave with him as we raised with him in his resurrection. And now we've ascended by his spirit to the throne of grace, sitting together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. You say, "I don't understand this. How could we be in him? You know, I wasn't even born yet." Well, Eve was in Adam. Amen. She was a part of Adam. You couldn't see her, right? She didn't have a body. She wasn't walking around, but she was a part of Adam. Amen. And we were a part of Christ. We were attributes. Amen. Amen. Luke 17:20 and 21 says, "When Jesus demanded of the Pharisees or I'm sorry, when he was demanded of the Pharisees when the kingdom of God should come, when is this kingdom going to come? Are you the Messiah or aren't you?" Amen. See, they were thinking natural. They were thinking that he was going to come as some great general and and defeat the Roman army. Amen. And and take over and establish a natural kingdom. So they said, "Hey, when's this kingdom of God coming?" And listen what he says. He answered them and said, "The kingdom of God cometh not with observation. You can't see it. You might not even feel it. He says verse 21, "Neither shall they say low here or low there, for behold, the kingdom of God is within you." Amen. The kingdom of God is within you. Amen. I could say it like this, brother. It's not a public show. Amen. It's it's it's a secret that happens to the believer. Amen. You say, "Oh, show me your soul. Show me your born again soul." You can't do it. Amen. Show me that gene attribute. Show me the token Holy Spirit on your life. Well, I can't show it to you. I can't even see it myself. Amen. I can't through my natural senses even prove to myself that I've been born again, but I know I have. I know I have. Amen. Now, yeah, I can see the the the results of it. Sure. Amen. But I can't see that token, Amen. But I know what happened. I know what God did for me. Amen. And I know that I'm living in a faith realm this morning. Amen. And when the devil comes to tempt me, I just point him to the token. Amen. You don't need to argue with him. Amen. You don't need to fight and fuss. All you need to do is show him the token. Amen. Hallelujah. There are rights that comes with being part of this kingdom. There are rights that come with being a citizen of the United States. Amen. And all all you have to do is show proof of your citizenship often and that's enough to get you in or through or whatever. Amen. All you got to do is show your token. But brother, sister, it's not a public show, but we are the revelation of the kingdom. So we are the proof. Amen. We are the proof of his existence. You when Jesus came and they said, "Well, you know what's this kingdom that you're preaching? Show us or show us that." And he says it's not with observation. But he did say, "If I do the works of my father, Amen. If I don't do the works of God, then you don't have to believe me. But if I do them, then listen." Amen. And and this is the proof that what I'm preaching is the truth. Amen. So he was the proof and vindication of the restoration of the kingdom of heaven. And brother, sister, that means that today in 2014, you are the proof. Amen. Amen. You are the vindication. Amen. Nobody's going to know about the kingdom unless you prove it and vindicate it. Amen. It cannot be seen or understood with a human mind. But it has to be perceived by faith and it must be a personal revelation to each member of the body. Amen. Oh sister, our position in Christ is actually partaking, listen to this, of his position where he has seated down on his throne. Amen. It's a throne of mercy. But by by him partaking and moving into that position, we are with him. Amen. That's what the prophet was telling us. We were with him at Calvary. We were with we were in him when he walked on this earth. And now we've ascended by his spirit to the throne of grace, sitting together in heavenly places. Amen. Amen. Amen. Luke 8 verse 9 and 10. His disciples asked him saying, "What might this parable be?" And this was true of many of his parables. They they could not understand it. Amen. But he said, "Unto you it's given to know." Amen. The mysteries. Look at what he says. Unto you it's given to know the mysteries of the kingdom of God. Amen. But to others in parables that they that seeing they might not see and hearing they might not understand. But unto you it's given. It's given to know the mysteries of the kingdom of God. Amen. Ephesians chapter 1, put it in high gear here. Ephesians chapter 1 verse 19 says, "What is the exceeding greatness of his power to usward who believe according to the working of his mighty power which he wrought in Christ when he raised him from the dead and set him at his own right hand in heavenly places." Right? He set it at his own right hand in heavenly places. far, not not just above, but far above any princip principality and power and might and dominion and every name that is named, not only in this world, but the world that is to come. And hath put all things, all things. Amen. Everybody say, all things. All things. Amen. Under his feet. He's put all things under his feet. Let me ask you a question this morning. Who are his feet? Amen. Amen. Not what are his feet, who are his feet? Amen. Brother, sister, if you are in this body of Christ, it doesn't matter if you're the bottom of his feet of the body. You're still above all things, every principality, every power, every demon in hell. Amen. He's put all things under his feet, and gave him to be the head over all things to the church, which is his body, the fullness of him that fleth all in all. Amen. Amen. Amen. Ephesians chapter 3:9 it says to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery which from the beginning of the world hath been hidden God who created all things by Jesus Christ to the intent now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places. So these are principalities and powers that are sitting in your position squatting in your position. Amen. That they might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God according to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord. Amen. He's going to show the devil what he's accomplished at Calvary. Amen. And he's going to do it through you. Amen. And me. Amen. Amen. You are the instruments that God is using in this hour to do battle against the enemy. Amen. Amen. Real quickly, I just want to get through a few of these verses here. Uh Matthew 10:24, the disciple is not above his master, nor the servant above his lord. It is enough for the disciple that he be as his master, and the servant as his lord. If they have called the master of the house Beelzebub, how much more shall they call them of his household? But fear them not, therefore, for there is nothing covered that shall not be revealed, and hid that shall not be known. For what I tell you in darkness, that speak you in light, that what you hear in the ear, preach ye upon the housetops. So you see brother, sister, our role, our job is to take what God is doing for us in that secret realm. Amen. The life that he imparts unto us, the the the the power through the Holy Spirit that happens, it's just between you and him. Amen. It's a personal thing. It It's different for every person and and it's personal to you. But you're supposed to take that and you're supposed to manifest it on the earth. You're supposed to take that and let it shine. Amen. Amen. That power, that fire that's lit down in your soul that that can't be perceived by those must be then manifested in your life. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. He says, "That which I speak, what I tell you in darkness, that speak out in the light. What you hear whispered to you in the ear, go preach that on the housetop." Amen. You're supposed to manifest this word. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Real quickly now, God's provided place of worship. Now, notice when this great moving power of God comes into a son of God, it quickens him. The spirit of life enters into him and then what does it do? It seats them in heavenly places right now. Not they will be. We are now. Now we've already been resurrected. Amen. The resurrection power has come. The dynamics and the mechanics has gone to work. Quakened us. and were quickened up into the presence of God where his spirit is. And now we are seated together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, setting in there that great seat that's already fired up. Oh my. Then raised from the dead. We're a part of it. Amen. Amen. You're not a spectator this morning. You shouldn't feel like a spectator. Amen. Amen. You're a part of this. Amen. If you're a part of the bride, you are. Amen. Because the bride is part of the groom, you know. So, we find out that it's the same thing. And listen to this. He says she'll do exactly what's predicted for her to do in this day. Amen. She won't be a Leodysa. Not by no means a lukewarm. She'll be on fire for God. Hallelujah. She'll be moving on in the spirit of God. Now, we're looking here now to find out now at the same time that it does that this strikes us when once we're dead in sin and trespasses, we've been quickened together unto his word in this age. Amen. So, right now, we are spiritual kings and priests as subjects of the spiritual kingdom of heaven. Amen. We don't yet reign with him on earth in a corporate way, right? But we are uh that will be the final result. Amen. That is what this life is leading us to. Amen. And uh as children of the kingdom, we are also priests and we are offering intercessory prayer and sacrifice of worship to the king and prayer and interceding on behalf of others. Amen. We reign in a kingdom life which is why we cannot love the world or the things of the world because we live in a higher order. Amen. This is why we plan our lives around church. Amen. Amen. I don't know about you, but man, when I take a vacation, I like to go to meetings. I like to plan around church. Amen. Because I'm a member of that kingdom. This is why we seek God before we plan anything. This is why we are led of the spirit. This is why we subject ourselves to the word of God. Amen. This is why we live a life that's worthy of the gospel. We don't live a life that way to be saved. We live a life that way because we're members of that kingdom. Amen. Amen. Our our kingdom is based on the word. Amen. Revelation 1:6 tells us that he hath made us kings and priests unto God. To him be glory and dominion forever and ever. Amen. Revelation of Jesus Christ, brother Ram says, "He hath made us." Oh, there are certain truths we need to emphasize and this is one of them. That he hath made us. Salvation is his doing. Amen. Salvation is of the Lord. It's all of grace. He redeemed us for a purpose. He bought us for a purpose. We are kings. Spiritual kings. Oh, we are going to be kings on the earth with him when he sits on his throne. But now we are spiritual kings and we reign over a spiritual kingdom. Amen. Amen. Colossians 1:12 tells us, "Giving thanks unto the Father, which hath made us meat to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints of light, who hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear son." Amen. Past tense, hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear son. Amen. This is also out of the revelation of Jesus Christ. He says, "Right now, we reign with Christ right now, having dominion over sin, the world, and flesh, and the devil, showing forth his praise and glory." So, if you want to know what you have dominion over, he just gave you a list right there. Amen. You're supposed to rule over those things, not by be overcome by them. Sin. Amen. Sin does not reign in your life any longer. Amen. It was defeated and you should reign over it. By the word of God, sin, the world. Amen. We overcome the world. Amen. The flesh, your flesh, and the devil. Amen. Showing forth his praise and glory. Showing forth himself. For it is Christ in us, willing and doing of his good pleasure. Yes indeed, even now we are seated in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Amen. So, how are we gaining entrance into this kingdom? Jesus showed up just with the remaining few minutes that we have this morning. Jesus showed up and began immediately casting out demons, removing them from squatting on the territory of the sons of God. Amen. Kicking them out of the place where they don't belong. Amen. Brother, sister, if you are trying to obtain a promise of God. Anytime you go, you say, I I see that that's mine. I want to take a hold of it. I want to walk into that. That's the vision that the word of God has said of me, and I'm going to walk into it. Amen. It doesn't matter what it is. It's healing. Amen. If it's uh salvation for a family member, whatever, whatever it is you're believing for, Amen. just just more of him in your life. Whatever. Anytime you go to claim a piece of that promised land, you're going to find a demon sitting right there. Right there squatting on that piece of property. Amen. He's going to be sitting there saying, "Nope. Uh-uh. You can't have it. This is mine. I've been I've been here for 20 years. Don't you know that?" Amen. whatever it is, however long that's afflicted you, I've been here for x number of years. This is mine now. You can't have it. Amen. That's what they'll tell you. But brother, sister, you've got to kick him out of there. Amen. That's not his place. I don't care how long he's been there. He's got to move when the word of God is spoken by faith. Amen. on a believer's lips. When the word is received into a believer's heart, amen, and they are lifted up into that faith realm, they speak the word of God. Amen. Amen. When the word of God comes off a believer's lips, it's God speaking. Amen. Has to be. Amen. Brother Brandham said in one place he said that that bride, she'll get to a place where she will speak the word of God. Amen. Or she'll keep quiet. Amen. So that those demons Amen. You've got to, you know, so many times we get discouraged because we are we are, you know, trying to obtain a promise or something and then when there is a devil there, you know, fighting back and pushing back and they don't leave immediately and, you know, it's, oh, there's something wrong with me, there's something wrong with my faith, you know, or right, you get discouraged. Amen. Brother, sister, that's not the time to be discouraged. That's the time to look back at the token. Amen. Brother Brandham said that Samson, as long as Samson could reach back and feel that hair as a symbol that he was a Nazerite. Amen. As long as he could reach back and feel that, he knew that the spirit of God was with him. Amen. Amen. And as long, brother, sister, if you've received that token life, God made a promise to you. Amen. He won't go back on that promise. Amen. He He gave you that token as a promise of his love and what he's done for you. Sealing you into the kingdom of God. Amen. So, all you have to do is is show him that token. Show him your citizenship card. He's got to move. Amen. Amen. John chapter 18. Pilate and Jesus. Pilate answered and he said, "Am I a Jew? Thine own nation and the chief priests have delivered thee unto me. What hast thou done?" Jesus answered and said, "My kingdom is not of this world." If my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight that I should not be delivered to the Jews. But now is my kingdom not from his. See, he came to fight, but he came to fight a spiritual battle. Amen. He came to take over another kingdom. Amen. And uh Luke 10:1 17, the 70 returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even the devils are subject unto us through thy name. And he said unto them, I beheld Satan as lightning falling from heaven. You see, they were casting out demons and he saw Satan falling from heavenly places. Amen. He saw demons being thrown out of man's position in heavenly places. Amen. I beheld Satan as lightning falling from heaven. Behold, I give you power to tread on serpents and scorpions and over all the power of the enemy. Those are demons. Amen. And nothing shall by any means hurt you. Notwithstanding in this, rejoice not that the spirits are subject to you, but rejoice rather because your names are written in heaven. Amen. Rejoice because that's your place. Amen. Rejoice in that. Amen. Amen. Revelation 12 tells us that there was war in heaven. Michael and his angels fought against the dragon. And the Bible says the dragon prevailed not. And listen in verse eight, he says, "Neither was their place found anymore in heaven. The great dragon was cast out. that old serpent called the devil and Satan which deceiveth the whole world. He was cast out into the earth and his angels were cast out with him. And I heard a loud voice saying in heaven now is come salvation and strength and the kingdom of our God and the power of his Christ. For the accuser of the brethren is cast down, which accused them before our God day and night. Amen. I just want to drill into this just with the little remaining time we have. Is that all right this morning? Amen. So the accuser of the brethren, he is accusing you before the throne of God. Amen. He's saying, "Oh yeah, look at what he did today. Oh, look at what he did yesterday. Look at what I tricked. I mean, I didn't trick. I mean, he did it, right? He's accusing you before God." But brother, sister, this this scripture here in Revelation is speaking of the time when the accuser is going to be cast down. Hallelujah. Why does he have access to stand there before the throne of God and accuse you? Why does he Why can he do that? He can do that because Adam forfeited that position. Amen. That's man's place. But because Adam sinned, now Satan can stand there in his place in heavenly places and accuse you before the father. Amen. But it says, "Now is come salvation and strength and the kingdom of our God and the power of his Christ." Amen. The accuser of our brethren is cast down, which accused them before our God day and night. And they verse 11. And they overcame him by the blood of the lamb and by the word of their testimony. and they loved not their lives unto the death. Therefore rejoice ye heavens, and you that dwell in them. Why rejoice? Because Satan has been cast out of that place, and man is back in that position of power again. But he says, "Woe to the inhabitants of the earth and of the sea, for the devil has come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth he hath but a short time." So this is going to be in the future, right? The fullness of it is when he's cast down. Amen. But brother, sister, who's doing the casting down? Hallelujah. Amen. It says they overcame by the blood of the lamb and the word of their testimony. It's Christ in his body. moving into that position again. Casting. We're going up. He's going down. Amen. Now Jesus said in Matthew chapter 5, he said, "I say unto you that except your righteousness exceed the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees, you shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven." So we must have his perfect righteousness to be able to enter in. Why? Because the devil will have something to accuse you of otherwise. Amen. But if you've been cleansed by the blood and filled with the Holy Ghost, there's no case against you. Nothing. The accuser has no case. Nothing to say. Amen. Hebrews chapter 9 verse uh 24. Christ is not entered into the holy places made with hands which are figures of the true, but into heaven itself now to appear in the presence of God for us. Not that he should offer himself often as the high priest enter the holy place every year with blood, but he's entered in once. Amen. And now he's in heavenly places making intercession for us. So Satan is there, the accuser. Our advocate Christ is there. Amen. And every accusation that comes, he blocks it with the blood. Hallelujah. Amen. Until, brother, sister, all of it is over. Everything has been accomplished. And then that accuser is kicked out and man comes back into his full possession place again. Amen. Amen. We need to skip a few pages here. Amen. Praise the Lord. I wanted to read to you this quote out of the fourth seal though. Brother Brandham says, "Now we find out here this Satan after being kicked out of heaven, he will incarnate himself in the beast and now he is a the antichrist false prophet and the beast and given the name of death and hell follows him fully Satan on his throne on the earth. He's Satan's representative on the earth that he is now the head of the kingdoms of the world. The very same kingdoms he offered to the Lord Jesus in Matthew 4, Satan now becomes a full king. Why can he do that? Because we've left. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. The Holy Spirit has left. The Holy Spirit in the bride has now moved into where he was in heaven. Amen. kicked him down and now he's on the earth and he's mad as a hornet. Amen. And all and what he's got is this kingdom of earth with no Holy Spirit here to limit him and he goes crazy. Oh, but brother, sister, where are we when that happens? Amen. He says, "Now notice, he will be given a heart of a beast at that time, and Satan will incarnate himself because when the church goes up, Satan's cast out." Hallelujah. Oh my. Hallelujah. See, it's done then. All of his accusing is done. Now, as long as the intercessor is still on the throne, Satan can stand there and accuse because he's the attorney on the other side. He's the opponent of Christ. And he's standing there and the opponent is saying, "But wait, Adam fell. Adam done this. I conquered him. I got his wife to believe a lie. And you said she'd be damned by it. I got it. But here's the mediator standing there." Amen. The kinsman redeemer. Standing there with the blood that can take the vilest sinner's heart and cleanse it. A mediator on the throne. Yes, sir. Satan said, "But they're guilty." Jesus says, "But they're not." Amen. He says, "The blood of Jesus Christ, uh, he says Clorox was invented or manufactured to take stain and it takes the coloring out of the ink or the other stain and it'll break it up till you'll never find it again. It goes back to gases all the way to back to cosmic light or past molecules and everything else till it turns back to the original where it came from." He says, "But that's what the blood of Jesus Christ does to the true child of God when he confesses his sin and stands there justified, mercy, goodness, even till it's so great till God says, "I can't remember it anymore." And he's absolutely my son. Verily I say unto you, if you say to this mountain, "Be moved," and don't doubt in your heart, but believe what you said, it shall come to pass. Amen. You can have what you said. You are a redeemed son. You see what he's talking about? He's talking about you in Christ in heavenly places reasserting the position that Adam lost that Satan's now sitting in. But when you get back into that position, then you speak to the mountain. Then you speak to the storm. You speak to the condition. You speak to the circumstance. You speak to the problem. Even now, we are seated in heavenly places. Amen. So, brother, sister, there's nothing hindering us right now from taking hold of the benefits of the kingdom. Nothing. Amen. Now, he's going to be completely cast down when the when the body is complete. When the body of Christ is complete and moves into that place, we cast him down. Brother Adam Bham said, "We go up, he comes down." Amen. But you have to overcome by the blood of the lamb and the word of your testimony. You've got to take possession of the land one footstep at a time. Amen. Amen. Just as Joshua was told in the land, one footstep at a time. Each footstep is possession. Amen. One demon at a time. When Jesus came and preached on earth, he drove them out one at a time. Amen. And he showed that the kingdom of God was back. Amen. That it was back restoring, being restored again to the hands of man. He was making an entrance to it. Oh, brother, sister, let us drink of the water of life freely this morning. Amen. Amen. Let us let's worship God. Amen. and thank him for what he's done for us. And you know, brother, sister, when when the the uh uh apostles after they had received their baptism of fire, they proved what had happened. They proved that they were living in that heavenly realm. Amen. They walked up to the gate called beautiful and and the men there said, you know, asked of them in alms and they said, "Look, I don't have silver or gold because that's of this natural kingdom, but I've got something." Amen. And what I what I have, I freely give. Amen. In the name of Jesus Christ, stand up and walk. Amen. And the power of God came down. Amen. and anointed those words because they were spoken by faith. Amen. Hallelujah. Brother, sister, there's power this morning to make that word live in your life. Amen. You don't have to be satisfied with a lukewarm halfway Christian life. There is a power Amen. in this hour that can make God come to life. Amen. can make bring your soul to life, can bring bring the spirit of God. Amen. And live out through you. Amen. Let's stand this morning. Stand and bow our heads with me. Amen. Father, we're so grateful this morning, oh God, for what you've done for us, Lord. Father, we stand this morning, Lord, and we are identifying ourselves as your redeemed, Lord. We're identifying ourselves, Lord, as your children. And Father, we're not speaking that out of turn. We're not presuming, Father, because we have your token life. And if there are those that haven't received that this morning, you need that. receive it and and seek after it with all your heart this morning because oh God we know Lord that that enemy has to move when he sees your life. Father I pray that you move on the hearts of your people this morning. Father, that if there's any here, Lord, within the sound of my voice that have not received this token life, Father, that they would run quickly to the throne of grace, Lord, and receive it, receive the seal of the Holy Ghost on their life. And Father, I pray for those who have received that seal, Lord. Father, maybe there are some here this morning that have grown weary and welloing, Lord. Father, they've they've they've seen a a demon squatting on their land, Lord. They they've they've tried to to take a hold of a promise, but they've gotten discouraged, Lord. Father, I pray that you would encourage them this morning. Remind them, Lord, that they are your child, Lord, that this the the works of the enemy, Lord, are under their feet this morning, Father. that they were put here to take dominion over the works of darkness. Father, I pray that your Holy Spirit now would come, Father, and anoint this word, oh God. Father, that it would come down and just pour a rain out on the seed that's gone forth this morning, Father, as we water your word with worship, Lord. And we just invite your presence, Lord, to come into this building, Lord, and have your perfect way. Have your way, Lord God, in every heart this morning, Lord. Touch those that need a healing touch this morning. Father, ch healing is children's bread, Lord. Father, we accept it and receive it in Jesus' name. Father, I pray that you would bless my brother Brooks, Lord God, and his family, Lord, this they labor here, Lord God, in this this little assembly, Father, those that help, Father, everyone of this body, Lord, everyone has a a part to play and a work to do. Father, I pray that you would bless them, Lord, and anoint them, Father, for your purpose in this hour. Lord Jesus, I pray that you would reveal to us our position in Christ Jesus this morning. Reveal to us, Lord, what you've done for us. Reveal to us, Lord, what you've purchased for us. May we accept it and receive it for whatever we have need of this morning. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Amen.
