################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2014-08-02 - Every Sign Speaks - 2014 07 02 - Pastor Isiah Brooks - Isiah Brooks.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2014-08-02
Title:   Every Sign Speaks - 2014 07 02 - Pastor Isiah Brooks
Speaker: Isiah Brooks
Church:  Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z7BK_c6clRs
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
Every Sign Speaks
Pastor Isiah Brooks
Recorded - 2014 07 02
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
As we stand, let us turn to the word of God. We're going to be coming from Hebrews the 6th chapter. And if somebody up here said, "That looked like my Bible." More than likely, it is. I misplaced mine. I know where it's at. It's in the mail. But, uh, anyway, this was in my office, so I thought I'd utilize it by the grace of God. And you can have it after service. Hebrews 6, you love the Lord. We are a blessed people and uh we are so blessed. Words cannot express our gratitude to the Lord Jesus Christ for what he is doing in our lives. Uh we are so blessed and and and you'll see by the grace of God. I trust that God will give us understanding uh in the word. He will anoint us that we'll be able to minister the thought that he gave unto us unto you. Amen. Uh as we turn to Hebrews 6:17 through 20, we'll read there. We also read uh Joel 2. No, we'll just read 1 Timothy. We'll we'll we'll mention that. Hebrews 6 beginning at the 17th verse. wherein God willing more abundantly to show unto the heir of promise the immutability of his counsel confirmed it by an oath that by two immutable things in which he was it was impossible for God to lie we might have a strong consolation who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us which hope we have as an anchor of the soul both sure and steadfast and which enterth into that within the veil. Whether the forerunner is for us enter where excuse me whether the forerunner is for us entered even Jesus made an high priest forever after the order of mazdc. Let us turn to first Timothy 3. Where would we be without the Lord Jesus? Amen. He is he is uh he is our all in all. 1 Timothy 3 special in a day and time like this 3:16 Let's just uh start uh basically at the 13th verse. Oh, excuse me. 12th verse. It's all good. Fight the good fight of faith. lay hold on eternal life where unto thou art also called and has professed a good profession before many witnesses. I give thee charge in the sight of God, who quickenth all things, and before Christ Jesus, who before pointest Pilate witness a good confession, that thou keep this commandment without spot, unrebukeable unto the appearing of our Lord Jesus Christ, which in times he shall show who is the blessed and only potentate, the King of Kings, and Lord of Lords, who only have immortality, dwelling in the light, which no man can approach unto, whom no man have seen, nor can see, to whom be honor and power everlasting. Amen. Charge them that are rich in this world, that they are be not hotminded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy. Let us pray. Heavenly Father God, we come before you right now thanking you for your grace and your mercy. Lord, without you, Father, we are nothing. And we pray, Father God, that you would bless this service in a special way. Lord, give us utterance here this evening. Give us grace to move completely out of your way. If we have said or done anything, Lord, that has not been pleasing in your sight. We pro pray, Father, that you forgive us and cleanse us, Lord, with your holy fire, Lord, as we commit the service into your hands. Let that perfect and divine will be done. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. We are blessed in such a way. And the more I think about the message that God has sent us, the more I realize how blessed we are. Uh when we look and see how great God is and we can see that God himself is such a powerful man if I could say it like this of character. Do you realize amen that God doesn't reveal himself to everyone? There are those whom God actually hides himself from itself from. But the scripture tells us that those who are chosen elected of God to be bride, God will reveal himself. Matter of fact, the scripture tells us it is given to us to know the mysteries. We have had a prophet to come and the world missed it. But we shouldn't be shocked by it because the world or the word declare that the world would miss him. Whenever God would move, the world at large will all always miss God. They look right at him and wouldn't have the faintest idea of who he was or what he was. Many of them would look at God in many cases, especially in the New Testament when Christ came and was in flesh, call him be elab, the devil, false prophet, you name it. They call him a liar. But you see, they were ordained for that. We read and have heard many times uh where the prophet god uh spoke about uh God unveiling himself before the fall. God would walk in the cool of the evening and Adam and Eve would wouldn't have to fear him. And even then he was veiled. God has always veiled himself. And that's why the Bible said, "No man have seen God at any time." Even when Jesus Christ said to his disciples, "When you see me, you see the father," he was not talking just about his flesh. Because in reality, you can look at my house. 29:12, "But when you see my house, you don't see me." So, he was talking about something greater than the flesh, because remember when Paul came along, Paul said, "We don't know him anymore after the flesh." Amen. So, if it was the natural part of God that we were looking at, you're missing. Amen. Amen. This natural part of God was born in Bethlehem. The natural part of God lived in Egypt. The natural part of God lived, Amen, in Nazareth. And and the and the and the and they said the the Jews said, "Could any good thing come out of Nazareth?" Hallelujah. See, but here there was a woman at the well. And God was veiled. Nobody could see him. And really when she saw him, she thought he was just a Jew. But when he began to tell her things that no man would have known except God, the words that he spoke began to unveil to this woman who he was. Hallelujah. All of a sudden, she said, "We know that when the Messiah comes, he'll tell us these things." And immediately when he said, "I am he." Come on, somebody. The revelation was clearly made to her. Hallelujah. Why? Because she was a seed of God. Amen. Amen. She was a true seed of God. But you take the Pharisees who studied the scriptures and perhaps knew more about the word letter than this woman. Amen. Now, she was no dummy. Now, she had some education, too. But her her understanding was more of a revelation than an education. So when Jesus spoke the word, her eyes were open and she didn't even question anything else on where he was born, where he came from. She knew she had met God in flesh because to the Jews, the Messiah was God in flesh. Amen. I love God. Hallelujah. And I just love the way he does things, you know. I love the drama of the Bible. Amen. You know, uh, brother Keith been sharing some things that God has been opening up to him on in the book of Songs of Solomon. And I don't think nobody could write it that way. It is such a perfect way and it's such so many hidden things in that book, but only the bride could catch it. Amen. To those who are intellectual, it'll be a a book of poems or of some sort, you know, uh they they just never come to know whether it's true or false. Some have been wondering who this damsel is, who this woman is, and you know, some some, you know, they have all kinds of things, but the bride, she's not in question of the book. Amen. because she's the only one that can unlock the mystery that's hidden in there. Why? Because she recognized that that book has been written directly to her. Yes. Now, let me move on. When we look at this thing, Brother Brandham tells us there in in in the unveiling of God, he said God is the God of immorph. And that word immor means to mean that something that cannot be seen right but the thing is already there and what god does is he changes and he when he he he become immor visible right right because remember amen without a mask without a covering you'll never be able to see him Right. Amen. The Bible said he dwells in light. Yes. But the light itself is not God. Because of God, the light exists. Amen. We don't worship a light. Therefore, if that be true, we could just all of go out there and worship the sun. But it's not that. It's what's behind the sun that makes it light. Amen. Now, we look at this thing. You say, "Well, brother, what are you trying to say?" I I'm coming just a moment. I try my best not to be long here tonight. But God in morphe, he's always been that way. And you know what he does? He always hides himself from the wise and the prudent. He always hiding himself. We might call him the serpent seat or or those unbelievers or make believers. He's hiding himself. For an example, God comes down to Sodom and Gomorrah, right? But before he goes to Sodom and Gomorrah, he reveals himself to Abraham. God never revealed himself to Sodom. Never. So why would we be upset about the world and all of those who are falling away? Hello. The matter of it is they never had a revelation of who God is. Hello. You see, I didn't fall in love with Eloa. I fell in love with Isaac. But if it hadn't been for Eloa, I would have never met Isaac. Y'all hear what I'm saying? So, I want you to see here tonight. I'm working on every sign speaks. Every sign speaks. And as I was riding down the road, I I saw all of these signs. And a sign is an indication of something. It literally brings you to a place that you know, Amen. that whatever the signs say once you reaching the sign you reach what it is declaring. Amen. It is a way of communicating. Now we got signs that literally talk. We got signs that flashes words. We got signs. Amen. That gives you full picture. Communicating so that you would have no wondering about what they're trying to advertise. Every sign speaks. God always use signs. Is that right? He said when Jesus would be born, he talk about a star and he talked about a scepter. This would be a sign. He told Isaiah, "I want you to prophesy. A sign." He said, "I give you a sign. A virgin shall conceive." What happened? It was it was actually Mary, she was the sign that Messiah was coming. Amen. And whoever would keep up with Mary would know that Jesus was on the earth. Amen. Hallelujah. But you see, before you could know that, you had to know that Mary was that virgin. Yeah, she was a virgin that literally brought forth the Christ child. Amen. Think about it. God used signs. Amen. The prophet of God said God took three stars and put them into one. And there was wise men who followed the star and they said that star was a sign, that the king of kings, hallelujah, was now on the earth. Amen. Think about God in morphing now because God is so powerful. I was thinking and I think I shared this the other morning, the other day when when God comes along in the Garden of Eden, this this this just this just this just this just this just this just this just this just this just this just this just just this just just this just just this just just this just just this just just this just just this just this just this just this just this just this just this just this just this just this just it it floored me in a way because you know all the time I would read where God would take a lamb why brother talks about it he said a lamb the scripture doesn't say a lamb but you got to realize the reason why he could say a lamb because there was a lamb slain before the foundation of the world now understand this wasn't just any lamb Prophet God tried to show that through blind bottomas when the priest said listen blind bottom said you can't give that lamb away. He said get get another lamb or something. He said but no I didn't promise him another lamb. I promised him this lamb. Right? And so you got to realize, amen, that when God took this lamb in the Garden of Eden, that was a sign. That was a tight. Yes. Amen. God was expressing himself. He was basically saying, "No, no, no, no, no. You mean so much to me. You're more valuable than myself." Oh, come on, somebody. You're more valuable to me and I'm going to skin myself that you might have life. So when when God put that bloody lamb's skin around Adam and Eve, they were wearing the skin of God. Not just the skin of God, but the the God that died for them. And and and it was you got to see what I'm saying. It wasn't just a lamb. That lamb typed out God himself. When he chose that lamb, that lamb represented God, Elohim, the invisible God. This is me. Amen. and I'm going to lay in my life down to redeem you. Come on. It had to be that because God didn't send a second person or third person. Hallelujah. God came down himself. Amen. Huh? Think about this now. Now, when God would lay down his life for you and I, why I've said this many times, not just only fellowship, the relationship was always there, never could be broken, but he wanted the fellowship. He wanted you to know who he was. Not only that, who you were. Amen. Because the fall took away your identity. It took about took away who you really was. Hallelujah. And God through his own life was the only one who could restore it. Oh, come on, somebody. So, you got to realize that's why people say, "Oh, we're beyond Pentecost." Because, see, we're beyond the shouting and the dancing and the speaking in tongues. Don't get me wrong, we do all of that. Amen. We do all of that, but that ain't it. Amen. The thing that Adam and Eve lost in the garden was life. Amen. Amen. And the blood of Jesus Christ come back to restore what? Life. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Life is come to be be restored back to you. Hallelujah. That's why it's so important because we could not stay just in the church ages. Come on, somebody. We had to take a rocket ship. Hallelujah. We had to be led. We had to take off. Let me stop. Let me stop. My point is this. Even when God slew that lamb, that lamb, as I said, had to be a replica of the one that was slain. It was a sign that you can go free. It was a sign that anybody that believed in the blood of this lamb, hallelujah, could go free. Come on, somebody. And remember now they we're wearing this bloody coat so they could never ever forget the experience that someone, not just someone, God himself laid down his life for you and I. Think about it now. When we look and you say, "Well, brother, what can this really be?" Listen, God told Moses, gave him the orders, amen, of the outer court, the inner court, and the holies of holies. And all of the years of the law and of the tabernacle, carrying, Amen. uh uh uh the the ark of the covenant on the the shoulders of the priesthood. All of these years, Israel wondered, "What's behind the curtain?" What's behind the curtain? Huh? But every time they pick up that ark, it was a sign. Come on, somebody. It was a sign that God just doesn't stay in one place, he travels. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Amen. It was a sign. Amen. that you couldn't just put God anywhere because you see, you couldn't put him on a new cart. David done them got in trouble for that. The only way you could place God was over your heart. Oh, come on, somebody. The cart only fat properly over the heart of the priests. Hallelujah. It was a sign that one day God was going to restore back the temple. Come on, somebody. You said, "Well, what do you mean?" Every time the temple was destroyed, was a symbol, was a sign of man's failure. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Because God never judged Israel until the priesthood got a line. Hello, somebody. When the people of God got out of line, hallelujah, then Israel was judged. Amen. Come on. Ezekiel said, "Listen, start at the church." Hallelujah. Start at the engine of the days. Start at all of those folks who's hiding sin in their lives. Amen. Come on. Amen. That's what the word say. Ezekiel said, God told Ezekiel, listen, there's a wall and I want you to look in there. Amen. I want you to see what the people of God are doing behind the closed doors. I want you to see. They say they in the message. They say they believe this word, but watch the sin. Look what they doing. Ezekiel, the very thing that God called them to be, they were far, far, far, far away from it. They were so worldly. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. Amen. But God said, "Listen, start at the door. Start at the priest. Start at the ancient. Start at the ones who ought to know better. And I want you to sweep through them." Amen. And every man that doesn't have the mark on their forehead, he said, "I want you to slay them. God. They always wondered what was behind that veil because if the priest was living wrong, he never came out to tell. Amen. Hallelujah. And only only the high priest could go back there once a year. Come on, somebody. And they wanted they wanted to see God. They wanted to see God at Mount Si. They wanted to hear him. They wanted to speak to him. Come on, somebody. But you see, they couldn't handle his presence. Why? Because their hearts weren't right. Moses. Moses shut him up. We'd rather listen to you than to him. That's how it is now. People rather listen to the man and they can't even hear God. But what they failed to see. Amen. And when brother Brandham spoke, it was a voice in a voice. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. And the Bible tells me, Amen, that there were only two out of that old generation, Joshua and Caleb, that could hear the voice of God. Amen. Hear the voice of God. When everybody else was backing up, we can't take the land. Woo. There was a Joshua and a Caleb. Amen. Said, we're more than able to take the land. There are some Joshua and Caleb's right now. Amen. They're saying, "We're more than able to take the land. Let them all go back. Let them look at the giants. The giant churches." Hallelujah. The giant Amen. Preachers, let them look at that. Hallelujah. Yes, there are giants in the land. But let me tell you something. I don't need nothing but one stone to slay Goliath. Hallelujah. One stone. And that's Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God come down. God and Morphe. He's always been there because you remember when he sent Noah. Noah was the Christ of his day. Did you know that? Amen. Not No, Christ means anointed. Noah was anointed of God. Amen. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Not with a spirit. The same Holy Ghost we claim to have is the same anointing Noah had. He was anointed. Amen. In other words, he became God to his generation. Y'all don't like that, but it's true. Anyhow, Jesus said he did. He said, "You want to crucify me and kill me because I say I'm the son of God." He said, "Even your own scripture declared that whoever whosoever the word of God comes through are not their gods." Amen. Now, I'm just talking about something here. Hallelujah. Because here, the son of man, Ezekiel was anointed. Hallelujah. Jeremiah was anointed. Hallelujah. Come on. Noah, Moses were gods of that day. What about David? Hallelujah. God said, "I've not found a man like that one." Hallelujah. Amen. Look at him. He's a man after my own heart. Come on, somebody. I love the scripture. You know what I'm saying? The Bible tells us, Amen, that God is impossible for God to lie. Hallelujah. Remember, he comes as son of David. Did you know that? Amen. Is that right? When he walked among the Jews, he was son of David. Son of David was nothing but a prophet. But what was that prophet? He was more than a prophet now because he was Jesus Christ. He was the anointed of all ages. He was an the anointed redeemer. Oh my god. And all of them were in him. Moses was in him. Noah was in him. Moses, Joshua, all of them were in him. He was a fullness of the Godhead bodily. Come on somebody. He's packing all of that in him. Y'all hear what I'm saying? He said all the New Testament. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Amen. That's why when he unveiled himself to the prophet, he said the Jehovah God is the same God as Jesus Christ or Jesus Christ is the same God as Jehovah of the Old Testament. Hallelujah. What was he doing? Unveiling himself to the prophet so that the prophet can come and unveil him. Amen. Is that what Moses did? He got the word from God. He brought it down to the people. Amen. What did Jesus say to his disciples when they were on the road to Emmas? H Have you not believed all of the things, all of the scriptures? All that the prophet spoke of me? Not some of it. All that's the problem with everybody now. They're not believing it all. Lord, y'all hear what I'm saying? He's trying to open himself. He's trying to reveal himself to us. Amen. But he he can't reveal it except you re receive all. Amen. Think about it. And that same son of David will be sitting in the on the throne one of these old days. He comes in our church. And that's the problem. You know, he comes in the church as a son of God. You know, the Holy Ghost comes and anoint the people and they say, "Oh, praise God. I got it." But they failed to see God had another move coming. Y'all hear what I'm saying? The same God him offered. They saw Joel too. God said, "I'm going to pour out my spirit upon all flesh." What was he saying? Now understand this now. The whole purpose of this whole redemption plan is to restore man back to what? Being the full tabernacle of God. Amen. Like Adam and Eve, the full tabernacle. God and tabernacling in man in his fullness. Amen. That's the whole purpose. It's nothing less than that. That's why brother Brandon tells us, he said, "God is coming back for character." Amen. Not your man-made character, not psychology. He's coming for one character that he loved. Amen. And that was his own. Hallelujah. And that same character must be found in you. Amen. Come on, somebody. That's that's that's that's the missing part. That's what Pentecost didn't get. They shut him out. That's what Leo was all about. When God was coming to to to make himself known, let's put it this way. Let's put it this way. When he came, Amen. to invite them into his tent, they refused him. You see what I'm saying? Amen. They had uh uh things that that that uh uh God had given them. But when he come to impregnate them to to to wed them, they refused. Why? Because they were married to another. I'm a Methodist. I'm a Baptist. I'm a Presbyterian. And watch what you say when you come to say I'm message. What do you mean by that? This is a message, right? But if you don't know what the message is, you don't know what you're saying. Amen. Amen. You'll be conforming yourself, amen, to men's do dogmas, creeds, and doctrines. Amen. Hello. That's not message. The message is Jesus Christ. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. That's what it is. Where? Not in heaven, in you. You become the message. Hello. God told Moses, he says, "Listen, you going to be a sign. I'm taking you down to Egypt and you going to be God to Egypt." Hallelujah. You'll be God to Egypt. Amen. How come Moses become God? Because God stepped out of the bush into Moses. Hallelujah. Why you become God? God steps into you. Hallelujah. And then you become God. But they can't see it. They look at you and says, "Oh, that fell, he say he Christian. He's so boring. He don't do nothing. All I know he does is just go to church. All I he all he does is hit make Christian music." And you know, he ain't he's just boring. I like being boring. I like that's if that's that's what boring is. Praise God. I like it. I was telling somebody the other day, I said, you know, remember when we were children, the stars used to fascinate us. Now we can look up sometime and sometime we don't. It don't mean a thing to us. Now, it becomes common. You know the sun, we don't never thank God. God, I just thank you for the sun. We take it for granted. It's going to be there always. No, it ain't. the one day that the sun's going to pass away. That's the word. But we act like it's going to be there all the time. Come on, somebody. We don't thank God like we ought to, do we? Let me move on. The Bible said, "Without controversy, great was the mystery of godly God was manifested in the flesh." Is that right? God manifested in the flesh. Y'all hear what I'm saying? God manifested in the flesh. Amen. And you and I must understand God must be made manifested in your flesh. Otherwise, there is no token. Amen. The token didn't come to make you sing and shout. It didn't even come to make me preach. It came to exemplify and to declare the life of Jesus Christ is alive. He's risen and he's alive and well. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Come on, somebody. Listen, he comes along and like I said, they always uh fail to see what we come to do. You know, you let me you see where Adam and Eve fail in worshiping God in their life. They chose another life. You hear what I'm saying? And God don't care how gifted you are from the pull pit to the back of the door. If you can't live it, it means nothing to him. Y'all hear what I'm saying? You say, "Oh, Brother Brooks, I got it." I'm not saying you don't have it, but you got to let go and let God have his way. Hallelujah. Y'all hear what I'm saying? You got to let go and let God have his way. Let him beat the clay. Let him shape the clay. Let him get all the drought out of you. And you still ought to say, "Hallelujah." God, I don't want to be suffering. Well, you can't take up his cross. Cuz if you pick up your cross, you going to suffer. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. Now, listen what he says. Even Even let me read something here. Let me just read this out of out of the unveiling of God if that's okay. Amen. He says, "But it isn't so in the world word, Elohim." Because you see, anything could be God. Come on. And we're not just a God to that people would worship us. Uh-uh. The whole point behind God in us is that God might glorify your father which is in heaven. That they might see your good works and glorify God in heaven. Amen. That's it. Not no man glory here. Amen. Right. Amen. But you got to realize, Amen. when God comes. And that's where a lot of the people in the message is missing it. They think, Amen, that it's just, you know, because I can quote the prophet and quote the scriptures and, you know, uh, how can I say it? Righteously or self-righteously make it the church and do this and that and the other and practice this and practice that. And I still don't like that word practice. It's yielding. It's overcoming. Amen. And God lives it. You don't live it, God lives it. Amen. Right? Y'all hear what I'm saying? It's God living himself out of you. He said, "I am the vine. You are the branches." Amen. It's God's life. Amen. Producing fruit in you. Amen. You don't produce the fruit. But how is it going to happen if the life is not there? God immort. Can I say it like this? I've said it many times. You going to be born. You either birth, you born in this world, and the only way you get out of here is you're born in another one. There's no other way. You won't take no uh ship, you're not going to take a flying saucer or anything like that. The only way you going to get in heaven, you got to be born again. That's what he told Nicodemus. You have to have a birth. And this is the thing. I I I love it. My wife has had many children. And you know what? I can't ever recall her not groaning and moaning, but people don't want to do it. They don't want to get down and agonize no more. The prophet said that's the way you get it. Amen. I ain't talking about what these people theologically have told you in this message. I'm saying desperation will take you there. Hallelujah. Amen. You listen to the token message. Amen. You'll find out desperation will get you there. Amen. Amen. He said there is no other way. He said every birth is a mess. Amen. Every birth is a mess. Can I can I say it like this? I don't mean to be long, but let me put it this way. Amen. And you know, character is a victory. Character is a victory. So listen, whether it be virtue, knowledge, temperance, all the way up to the py, it doesn't matter. You're going to fight. Amen. You got a battle and you must overcome. Hallelujah. Amen. Like I love that. I love that that what that brother said the other day. It's too many Baptist message people. But let me read the quote here. But it isn't so in the word Elohim. Y'all understand me? We're not just talking about being a statue of Mary or something. No, no, no. It's a living a living statue, right? It's got to live. It's got to walk. It's got to talk. It's got to speak. That's what God is looking for. Living vessels. And the only life there is is Elohim's life. See, he goes on. See, it means the self-existent one. Elohim. See that piano cannot be self-existent. Nothing else can be self-existent. So the word Elohim means he that always existed. God can can mean anything. See the difference in the word. That's true. You can make anything a god. Your children, your family, your wife, whatever. You can make them a god, right? But that's not the same as Elohim because whoever they are and whatever it is is not self-existent. Now when it said here that the that he emptied himself or poured out now we would think like this that he vomited up the English word of emptied or uh uh poured out from him. See something went out of him. See something went out of him that was different from him. But the word kenos in the Greek does not mean that he vomited up or something. his arm went off or his eye went out another person that he changed himself. He poured himself into Amen. into another mask into another form. Not another person without him called the Holy Ghost, but it was himself. You get it? He himself poured himself into the people. Amen. Amen. Christ in you. Huh? How beautiful, how wonderful to think God pouring himself in the human being into the believer. Now, now my thing is, how can God pour himself in you and you don't know it? It's not even possible for God to pour himself in you and you don't know it. Amen. Amen. Maybe you don't know what you used to be. Amen. But I can remember what I used to be and I know what I am now. G. And the only reason why I am what I am now because God poured himself in me. Glory. Amen. Amen. Brother Vam said it was just part of the drama. God all the fullness. All the godhead was in Jes uh uh in in in in in this person Jesus Christ. He was God and God alone. Not a third person or a second person or first person but the person God veiled in human flesh. Now why are he saying these things? So that you can understand. Pentecost didn't get this. They didn't get this. This this is this is another age. This is something that God is doing for a special handpicked people so they can make a rapture. Amen. He can tabernacle himself in you and you become God veiled on the earth. Amen. Ah, you shall have power after which the Holy Ghost has come upon you. Amen. That's the way God did. He bred this one to that one to this one is to that one to this one to that one till he got exactly what he wanted. That's how he came down. Y'all understand me? Your makeup is not a mistake. Maybe you might be disappointed, but that's the way God made it. All right. God unveiled himself in a pillar of fire down through the prophets then into the son of God which he was God. See it's the same God bringing out exactly you from perfection to perfection from glory unto glory. That's the way the church goes. Notice through the ages the same way by his prophet he was revealed himself them wasn't exactly prophets they were gods. He says so for what they spoke was the word of God or God's word they were the flesh that God was veiled in. Huh? That's why God Jesus Christ could go down in the days of Noah said how come you rejected me? They could truly say, "Well, we never saw you." And they would be completely right. They couldn't see him. Why? He was veiled behind Noah. Amen. And that's how the world look at you if you're living right. Amen. They can't see God, but it is God that is behind you, veiled in your skin, your flesh. Is that true? Amen. That's why I say this day, the word of God said in this day you'll know that I am in the father. The father's in me and I am in you. If you don't know he's there in you, you better get to the altar somewhere. I don't care where it's at. In the backwoods, in your closet, wherever it is, you need to know that by revelation, God is in you. Amen. They were the flesh that God was veiled in. They were gods. Jesus said himself said, "How can you condemn me when I say I'm the son of God and your own law says that that them who the word of the Lord came to was God?" See h what do you say about that? And you say to yourself, "Brother Brooks, what are you trying to say?" I'm not trying to say it. I'm trying I'm saying it. If God is tabernacling in you, that's God in flesh. Amen. Amen. You know, I'mma tell you something. God's not schizophrenic. That's why God said, "You got to die." Because he's the only one that he wants living in the house. Yes, sir. Huh? He's the only one. Paul said, "It's not I that live, but it's Christ that lives in me." So Paul was saying, "I'm dead." You see the outward appearance of Paul, but that's not me. Oh, Lord have mercy. I live in him and he and me, we have united together. Hallelujah. And we're one. I am alive because I am in him. You don't see me no more. Come on, somebody. Is that okay? You say, "Well, brother, sign, sign, signs." You remember Tamar? I love Tamar. Tamar was wise woman. She said, "Give me that signate bracelet and u and and and and staff." Amen. He said, "I'll bring back that sheep. I bring the sheep back. But she wasn't worried about the sheep. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. Amen. She She knew that somehow this thing was going to be unveiled. She'll be caught in the act. Hallelujah. Per se. Because she knew nature was going to tell on her. And I can almost see the girls, amen, around tell, you know, something wrong here. Her husband's dead. And and that's not fact. Amen. Something else going on. We better tell Judah something's going on. Her his her his daughter-in-law done played the harlot. Hallelujah. Amen. But she understood. Amen. What that signant meant? You know the signate is just a sign. It is a signate. Amen. Si g n t. Sign it. Hallelujah. And that signate, amen, was was given to her. So she realized, Amen. Listen, I got you now, boy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He said, "This woman, she deserved death." He say, "Wait a minute now. I got the sign. This ain't just anybody's child." I got the man's signet. Hallelujah. I got the man's signet. Who? What man? I'm the man Christ Jesus. I got his signet. Amen. This pregnancy, Amen. Amen. is just not by denomination or something like that. This pregnancy is by Judah himself, the lion of the tribe of Judah. Amen. I got it. Amen. Death can't strike me. She said, "Discern within yourself." I don't mean to be moving, but I can't help it tonight. She said, "Desern within yourself." Amen. Who who these things belong to. Judah looked at and said, "You're a more righteous woman than me." Hallelujah. You are more righteous woman than myself. Hallelujah. She was freed. Free. Hallelujah. Ain't God good? Oh my my my my. Is that all right? Amen. The word of God tells us amen to Haggi 2:23. And in that day, sayith the Lord of hosts, will I take thee uh A Zurubel, my servant, the son of Shotel, sayeth the Lord, and will make thee as a signate, for I have chosen thee, said the Lord of hosts. Now you say, what do you mean? Every prophet was a sign, was a sign. Hallelujah. And you know what? Let me put it this way. throughout the church ages, whether they be reformers, every man of God that was led by God was assigned, Luther, Wesley, right? And you know who made it out of those church ages? Those who followed that ministry, who heard the voice of that day. Come on, somebody. It's true. There was no other way to get out of there. There was no other way to escape the flood except by Noah. Amen. Oh, come on, somebody. But you got to realize now the power of God has gone off the scene. There is no other way to escape except you come to know the Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. You got to come and understand who the pillar of fire really is. Amen. It is God in veil. That's right. But you got to realize when God, Amen, ripped that temple in two, you know, the prophet of God said they could look through the and see the see the real lamb of God. The temple was so situated they can look through the wall of where the rent was and they can see the real lamb of God. And they never did catch it. He said, "Why do you think he read the veil?" He wanted them to see what was behind it. For thousands of years, they wanted to see it. And he read the veil and they still couldn't see it. Hallelujah. But there was a little Roman soldier. Amen. Whose eyes was opened just a little bit. He said, "Surely, this was the son of God." Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. There was a thief on the right hand said, "Surely, this is the son of God. Have mercy on me." He saw God in plain view. And because of it, he said, "You'll be with me this day in paradise." See, when you see God in plain view, that mean you are a true seed of God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Why? Because the devil can't see who he really is. He served him for eons and he still didn't know him. Amen. If he knew him, his children would know him. Hallelujah. For eons he served him and still didn't know him. He still don't really know him. He came up and said, "If you be the son of God, if you be the son of God," Hallelujah. He should have known he was, but his reasoning kept kept messing with if you be the son of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He he questioning. And here the woman at the well say, "Surely will the Messiah come." Hallelujah. We know he'll tell us these things. Come on. Ask the blind man. They that he he saw it all. Is that right? As the blind man, he saw it all. You said, "What do you mean?" They said, "Blind by the males." He saw it all. When everybody was thrown in him, amen, and wondering about him when they said, "This is Jesus of Nazareth." You know, amen. This is the man who's doing all the healing. He says, "Oh, thou son of David, have mercy on me." He questioned it not. Couldn't even see with his natural eye, but his spiritual eye knew that was him. Amen. Oh my God. I see. You know, when you got spiritual eyes, you don't question it. Amen. You just go on with it cuz you know it. You can see things that the carnal mind can't even see. Glory to God. Have mercy on us. Now, amen. When we look at the scripture, I want to say this to you here. God comes along and he gives us Malachi 456, St. Luke 17:30, Revelations 10. Now, and I'm going to say this. He comes and he shows us a sign. A sign. A sign. The pillar of fire all over again. First pillar of fire since the Old Testament was the pillar of fire they saw on on the road of Damascus. Paul, which name is was Saul at the time, saw the pill of fire. What was that all about? See, the veil had been rent and now he had no need to be hidden. Come on, somebody. The very thing that all these Jews wanted to see, Paul saw it, and it blind him. Who art thou, Lord? I am Jesus. You persecute me, Paul. And it's hard for thee to kick against the prick. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Amen. And that pillar of fire comes again in this day. Amen. As a sign that God is unveiling himself again to the bride of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Because he wants you to know who he is. Because once you can see who he is, you'll begin to know who you are. Amen. I'll never forget it. There's a difference between being saved. There'll be a lot of people saved. Y'all hear what I'm saying? You can save a car. You can save a boat. Hallelujah. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Amen. There'll be a lot of people saved by just giving a drink of water, but redeemed mean I came from him. I go back to him. Hallelujah. Amen. I go back to where I come from. Hallelujah. Glory to God. I've been with him and he got bought me back. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Done brought me back. That's all that matters to me right now. I've been bought with a price and I'm not my own. Hallelujah. Amen. Is he that justifies me is he he that sanctified me. Is he that filled me with the Holy Ghost? Hallelujah. Amen. Is that all right? Oh my my my. Think about it. God himself in human flesh. I brought all this to say. I brought all this to say at the end of this message, don't you settle for nothing less than the life of Christ in you. Belonging to this little fellowship will not secure you. The only securance you assurance and security that you would ever have is when you've been sealed by the Holy Ghost. There is nothing else nothing out of that. You can Paul say you can understand all mysteries. Come on somebody. And still not have it. That's all I'm telling you. So it ain't all that. But you look at all of these people who thought they were so deep in the message. Look what's happening to them. See, because they they thought that was the Holy Ghost. Come on, somebody. I can I can write my wife from Ohio or wherever and send her a letter, but the letter ain't me. I can tell her what I'm doing and everything else and she can envision everything, but the letter ain't me. But she know me and know what I'm doing. Amen. That's what the people have done. They've taken the letter of it so they know how he works. And they failed to say, "Wait, I got to have him. I can't hardly wait till my husband come home." Y'all know what I'm saying? Hallelujah. Cuz when he comes home, I got him. And the letter becomes secondary. That's what so many people have done. [Music] They fought. Many people fought me for years. Oh, brother Brooks, I don't believe the Holy Ghost. You got to do all of that to get the Holy Ghost. Let me ask you, do you have it yet? Like you really want it. Is he in the outer court, the inner court, or the Holies of Holies? Come on, somebody. There's a veil that a baby must break to come through. And there's a veil that you must break through to come out. Amen. If I'm making sense, you love the Lord. Amen. Let's stand. God is getting us ready. Hallelujah. Oh, ain't God good to us? Let's sing that song. It's manifesting time. that's been on my heart this morning, this evening. Amen. You love God, people of God. He's real. He's real. He's real. He's real. Darkness can't comprehend light. You know, right? And light can't comprehend darkness. Some of the things people I just can't comprehend it. Thank I thank God for it, though. I I do. I really do. I'm not boasting. I'm just saying you think about the world and the things the way things are going. I I just thank God I can't comprehend that. Amen. You love God.
