################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2014-05-07 - The Power Of The Blood Part 2 - 2014 04 20e - Pastor Isiah Brooks - Isiah Brooks.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2014-05-07
Title:   The Power Of The Blood Part 2 - 2014 04 20e - Pastor Isiah Brooks
Speaker: Isiah Brooks
Church:  Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2xwLQHwlg4
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
The Power Of The Blood Part 2
Pastor Isiah Brooks
Recorded - 2014 04 20e
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Trusting confiding in his great love from all harm in sheltering arms. I'm living by faith and feel no alarm. [Music] Though tempest may blow and the storm clouds arise, obscuring the brightness of life, I'm never alarmed at the overcast. The master looks on at the strife. I'm living by [Music] faith in Jesus above. trusting gun in his great love. Oh, from our heart in a sheltering arm. I'm living by faith. can feel no alarm. Our Lord will return to this earth some sweet day. Our troubles will then all be old. The master so gently will lead us away beyond that blessed heavenly shore. I'm living by faith. In Jesus above, trusting, confounding in his great love, hope from all harm. It is sheltering arms. I'm living by faith. and feel no alone. Let's sing that last verse. Our Lord, oh our Lord will return to this sweet day. Our troules will then all be old. The master so gently will lead us away. Stay on that blessed heavenly shore. Oh, I'm living by faith. In Jesus above, trusting confounding in his real love. Hope from all in sheltering arms. I'm living by faith. and feel no alarm. Let's just sing that one more time. Oh, I'm living by faith in Jesus above, trusting, confounding in his real love from Ohio. in a sheltering arms. I'm living my pain and feel no [Music] alarm. Amen. Amen. Amen. Just sing that song at the cross. Amen. Alas and did my savior bleed. Amen. I've been reading that book, Pilgrim's Progress, lately, and I tell you what, it's just something else when you see the truth of the gospel. Amen. Amen. Alas and did my savior be and did my sovereign die. Would he be both that sacred man for such a worm as I? Oh, at the cross. At the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith. I received my sight and now I am happy all the day. Was it for crimes that I had done? He crawled upon the tree. Amazing fra unknown and love beyond degree. At the cross, at the cross where I first saw the light and the burn of my heart ro away. Yes, Lord. Oh, it was there by faith. I received my sight. And now I am happy all the days. Where might the sun and darkness hide and shut his glories in? In Christ the might make maker died for man the creature s. Oh at the cross at the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. It was there by faith. I received my sight and now I am happy all the day. But drops of grief can never repay the debt of love high. Oh yes Lord. Here Lord I give myself away is all that I can do. Oh, at the cross, at the cross, where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. Oh, it was there by faith I received my sight and now I Let's just sing that last verse. A drop of grief can never repay the debt of love I Lord I give myself away is all that I can do. Oh at the cross at the cross where I first saw the light and the burning of my heart. away. Oh, it was there by faith. I received my sight and now I am happy. All at the cross. Oh, at the cross. At the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart roll away. It was there by faith. I received my sight and now I am happy all the day. Amen. Amen. It was there at the cross. Amen. We're going to sing that song, The Solid Rock. My hope is built on nothing less. It's just one of my favorite songs. I think I sing it almost every time. But I love this song. Amen. Amen. My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness. I dare not trust the sweetest frame but holy lean on Jesus name. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. When darkness seems to hide his face, I rest on his unchanging grace. In every high and stormy gale, my anchor holds within the veil. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. His oath is covenant and his blood support me in the whelming blood. When all around my soul give way then it's all my hope and stay. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. When he shall come with trumpet sound, oh may I then in him be found dressed in his rightousness alone, unless to stand before his throne. On Christ the solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sand. All other ground is sinking sand. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm sure we can all witness that when all around our soul gives way, somehow he keeps holding on. Amen. Amen. I'm sure we all have unspoken needs in our hearts. just have a brother Keith if he'd come lead us in a word of prayer also over the tithes and offerings. Let's bow our heads and our hearts. Father God, we come to you once again this afternoon humbly with a contrite heart, Lord, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Father, we glad we are so glad that you are here with us, Lord. You said we're two or we are gathered that you're here in the midst of us and Lord you by your word keep his focus to enter the gates with thanksgiving we are so thankful for who you are our Jehovah Rafa Jehovah Rohi you are Jehovah Gyra Lord you are that rock you build your church and the gates of hell shall not prevail thank you for your Jehovah shalom Lord Jehovah mcadesh Lord Jehovah ni we We thank you Lord for you are all and all. Father God, we thank you Lord for standing here Lord and just claiming the token, the token of your Holy Spirit, the spirit in the blood of the blood of the lamb of God slain before the foundation of the world, Lord. And we thank you for your love. There's no greater love. And we thank you, Lord, that you said and you commanded us, Lord, to love your God with all your heart, soul, strength, and mind, Lord. And we do. We receive your love. For we cannot love without your love, Lord. And we thank you for your abundant love. We thank you for your promise to minister an entrance, Lord, into the kingdom of God, to minister to abundantly, Lord. And we thank you for we received abundantly this morning, Lord. We receive abundantly throughout the day as you give revelation and spirit of wisdom Lord as you send your exceedingly great might of your holy spirit Lord to teach us Lord enlightening of our eyes Lord we receive Lord as your children as seed of God as bride seed as your wife Lord we receive Lord the rich inheritance that you have given us Lord we receive your righteous anointing this afternoon as hearers Lord We pray, Lord, you'll circumcise our ears, Lord. Circumcise our hearts, Lord. We pray and receive also the anointing on the word once again this afternoon. We pray your word go forth as it did this morning in the power and demonstration of the Holy Ghost. We thank you, Father. We thank you and we just love you once again as we continue to watch for your guidance and leading leading as we pray pray and as we do all that we do in the spirit Lord. You said do do all that you do whether it's singing whether it's praying whether it's walking sitting sleeping all in the spirit of God Lord we thank you for your Holy Spirit. We thank you for tithing and offering the opportunity you give us father and the clearness of how we are to do it. We give you all the praise and honor and glory. We just pray you'll bless this that we've set aside for the church, Lord, and and for your house, Lord. We thank you, Lord. And we ask it all in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. We'll sing this song. Holiness is what I long for. without without which no man shall see God. Amen. Holiness. Holiness is what I long for. Holiness is what I [Music] need. Holiness. Holiness is what you want from me. Let's just sing that again. Oh, holiness. Holiness is what [Music] I holiness is what I need. Holiness. Holiness is what you want from me. Oh, take my life and for me. Take my mind, transform me. Take my will, conform me to yours, to yours, oh Lord. Righteousness, oh Lord. Rightousness, righteousness is what I long for. Righteousness is what I [Music] need. Rightousness, righteousness is what you want from me. Just think about that right now. Oh, take my life and for me. Take my mind. Transform me. Take my will. [Music] for me to yours to yours. Oh, let's sing faithfulness. Oh, faithfulness. Faithfulness is what I long for. Faithfulness is what I need. Lord, we want to be faithful to you, Lord. Oh, faithfulness. Faithfulness is what you want from me. Just make this your prayer right now this morning. Oh, take my life and for me, take my mind, transform me, Lord. Take my will. Conform me to yours. to you. Oh Lord, take my life, Lord. Take my life and for me. Take my mind and transform me. Take my will, Lord. for me to y to you, oh Lord. Just sing holiness one more time. Oh, holiness. Holiness is what I long [Music] for. Holiness is what I need. [Music] Holiness. Holiness is what you want from me. Oh, take my mind and for me. Take my mind and transform me. Take my [Music] way and turn for me to your to you, oh Lord. Just sing that one more time. Take my life, Lord, and for [Music] me. Take my mind, Lord, and transform me. Take my will and conform me to yours. to yours, oh Lord. To yours, to yours. To yours, oh Lord. One more time. To yours. Oh, to yours. To yours, oh Lord. Amen. Amen. Is that your prayer? You want him to? We're going to sing that song. We exalt thee. For thou, oh Lord, are high. For thou, oh Lord, are high above all the earth. [Music] Thou art exalted far above our God. Yes, Jesus. For thou, oh Lord, are high above all the earth. [Music] Thou art exalted far above. Oh God, to be exalted this afternoon. Oh Lord, we exalt thee. We exalt thee. Oh, we exalt thee. Oh, Lord. Oh, we exalt thee. Oh, we [Music] exalt thee. Oh, we [Music] exalt thee, oh Lord. For thou, oh Lord, are high, for thou, oh Lord, on high, above all the earth. [Music] heartaches. Think about how high he is. And he came down to save you. Oh God. Yes. Jesus. For thou [Music] Lord high above all the earth. [Music] And thou heart exalted far above. Oh God. Oh we exalt thee. Oh we exalt thee. We exalt [Music] thee. Oh Lord, oh we exalt thee. He wants to be lifted high tonight. Oh we exalt thee. Oh, we exalt thee. Oh Lord, let's just sing that one more time. Oh Lord, we exalt thee. Oh, we exalt thee. We Exalt thee. Oh Lord, oh we exalt thee. Yes, Jesus. Oh Lord, we exalt thee. We [Music] exalt. Oh Lord. Yes, Jesus. Amen. Amen. You realize that you're the only ones in the entire world that can exalt him properly because you're the only ones who know who you are. So, you're the only ones who know who he is. Amen. Let's sing that song. I got a feeling everything is going to be all right. Oh, I I've got a feeling everything is going all right. [Music] Oh, I've got a feeling everything is going to be all right. Oh, I got a [Music] feeling everything is going to be all right. It'll be all right. It'll be all right. Be all right. The word. You know the word of God has told me everything is going to be all right. Oh the world God has told me everything is going to be all right. Oh the word God has told me everything is going to be all right. be all right. We'll be all right. Be all right. You know my Jesus told me everything is going to be all right. Oh my Lord Jesus told me everything. It's going to be all right. Oh my Lord Jesus, don't be everything going to be all right. It'll be all right. Be all right. Woo! I'm going all the way to see him. You know I'm going all the way just to see him. Oh Lord, I'm going all the way just to see him. Lord, I'm throw it all away just to see the one who suffered and died for me. I might have to cry sometime. But I see him. I might have to cry. [Music] the one who suffers in time. I might have to walk all by myself, but I see him. I might have to walk all by myself, but I'm going to see him. I might have to walk all by myself, but I see him. The one who suffers and died for me. I might have to walk all by myself, but I'm never alone. I might have to walk all by, but I'm not alone. I might have to walk all by myself, but I'm not alone. The one who suffered, he walks with me. I might have to cry some, but I see him. It'll all be worth it. have to cry sometimes, but I a lot of my cry sometimes, but I see him. The world who suffered and died for me. You know, I'm going all the way just to see him. I know I'm going all the way just to see him. Oh Lord, I'm going all the way just to see him. the one who suffered and died. Yes, Lord. I might have to walk all by myself, but I see him. I might have to walk all by myself, but I see I'm going to see him. I might have to walk all by myself, but I see him. The one who suffered and died for me. I'm so glad. I'm so glad. I'm so glad. I got you on me. Time. Oh, I'm so hallelujah. Oh Lord. Oh Lord. I got his army. While Jesus Christ, he is my captain. And the word of God is my weapon. And the sword of the spirit will protect us. And the shield of faith will protect us. Oh, I'm so glad. I'm so glad. Thank you, Jesus. Got this on me. Oh, I'm so glad. I'm so glad. Yes, Lord. Ain't no bird don't sing in my face. As long as I'm live, I'll praise his name. There ain't no bird going to sing in my face. As long as I'm praising, praise the Lord. Praise his name. [Music] Long. Oh, hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise his name. Long as I'm alive. I pray ain't no rock and there ain't no rock going to die in my place. Woo. As long as I'm alive to glorify, I'll praise his name. There ain't no rock. I'm going to cry in my place. As long as I'm alive to glorify, I'll praise his name. Oh Lord, praise the Lord. Praise his name. As long as I'm alive to glorify, I'll praise his name. Praise the Lord. Praise his name. Long as I'm alive to glorify my pain. As long as I'm alive to glorify. I praise his name. Oh Lord, there ain't no tree. Going to clap in my praise. As long as I'm alive. Glorify. Woo. Oh hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Oh, praise his name. Long as I'm alive to glorify, I praise his name. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise his name. As I'm alive to glor Oh, hallelujah. As long as I'm alive to glorify, I'll praise his name. Glorify. Praise his name. Thank you, Jesus. I'll praise his name. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. Oh, something about that Holy Ghost. I get it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus. Woo! [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Jesus. Jesus. It's all going to be worth it. Jeez. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. As our brother Brooks comes. Let's sing this song. I can see your holy face. Oh, your throne in heaven above. It seems so far away. Though I can touch your [Music] nails hands, I have a deep unspeakable joy that makes my faith stand. Lord, I believe in you. [Music] I'll he wants I can't see you with my heart. Deep in my heart, your presence I'll find. Lord, I believe in you. I'll always put my trust in you. Let this whole world say what they may. No one can take this joy away. Lord, I believe. Let's just do that again. Lord, I believe in you. I'll believe in you. Though I can see you with my eyes, deep in my heart, your presence I'll find. Lord, I believe in you. I'll [Music] let this joy No one can take this joy away. You love the Lord. God is good to us. Hallelujah. So love the Lord. Amen. I was telling the brother this morning, I really the Lord touched me, I just felt like I didn't want to preach no more. I just wanted to worship. And uh it was really uh difficult for me to get back to the worship the preaching part because all I wanted to do was worship God. You know, it's amazing because really we're in a season of worshiping. Think about it. when the lamb opened the book, uh, they they went into worship. And that's what Satan, if he can keep you from worshiping, he really he got you. Amen. And we're not going to prolong the time. I do want to sing one song. I didn't tell brother Randy this, but at the time I didn't have a song. So, if you want to be seated, that's fine. the grace of God. God sent his son. They call him Jesus. He came to love, heal, and forive. He lived and [Music] died and he bought my [Music] pardon. An empty grave is there to prove my Savior lives. Because he lives, I can face tomorrow because he lives. All my fear is gone because I know Oh, he holds the future and life is worth the living because he lives. How sweet to hold a newborn baby and feel the pride and joy he gave. But greater [Music] still the commun child can face uncertain days because he [Applause] lives. Because he lives. I can face tomorrow. Help me say it. Because he lives. Yes, sir. Our fear is God because Hey, yes, Lord. Hallelujah. He the future and life is worth the living just because he lives. And in one day, thank you Lord. I'll cross that [Music] river. I'll fight like no war and pain and then in death as death gives way to victory. [Music] I'll see the light of glory and I know he lives because he lives. Help me say it. Lord, I give face to tomorrow because you live. I thank you Lord. All fear Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Because I know. Yes, I know. He holds the future and life is worth the living just because he lives. And life is the word. the living just because he lives. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Father. As we stand, let us get right into the word of God. We're going to start with Colossians, please. 2. Colossians 2. We kind of touched on that a little bit this morning. Colossians 2, beginning at the ninth verse. For in him dwelleth all the fullness of the Godhead bodily. And ye are complete in him which is the head of all principality and power. In whom also ye are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands in putting off the body of sins of the flesh. Circumcised now by God by putting away Amen. the body of sins of the flesh. By the circumcision of Christ, God circumcised you so well, Amen. He cut your flesh off, buried with him in baptism, wherein also you are risen with him through the faith and of the operation of God, who have raised him from the dead. And you being dead in your sins, and the uncircumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven all. All trespasses. He's forgiven them all. Not some. Not 99% all. You believe that this this evening? Hallelujah. He's four principalities. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's continue to read. Blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was given against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to his cross, and having spore principalities and powers, he made a show of them openly, triumphant o triumphing over them in it. Let us pray. Father God, we thank you for your grace and your mercy. Lord, we're here this evening because of you. We thank you for your presence, Lord. You've been better to us than we've been to ourselves, Father. And God, we thank you right now. Hallelujah. For being so good to us, Lord. Lord, we thank you, Father, because we realize this evening we're not by ourselves. Lord, there is a host of angels encamped about us, Father. There's a wall of fire round about us, Father, in us, through us, and above us, Lord. God, we thank you, Father, for your protection. And we pray right now, Lord God, that you keep us and guide us in Jesus Christ's name. Let your perfect will be done here this evening. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. We preach this morning because of the blood. We want to by the grace of God uh continue that by the grace of God. There's a lot of things I kind of I felt like I I left out, but God said what he wanted to say. One thing about the blood of Jesus Christ is not only atonement, but it's also a protection. The word of God said, Amen. He he gave Moses a token and he said, "When I see the token, when I see the blood, I'll pass over you." Amen. So, not only is just a protection, but it's a protection against the death angel. You see, we don't mind. And when I put it this way, sickness and and and a lot of little things affect us, but none of it none of those things affect us like death. Is that right? That was one thing that men feared because they didn't know what was on the other side of the chasm. They didn't know what it was. Job said, "I saw him go down, but I never saw him come up." And he had a question within his heart. If a man dies, shall he live again? And God was so rich in mercy. Amen. God put Job on the ash sheep and Job on his ash sheep. While he was on his ash sheep, by by the grace of God, the Bible said Job caught a hold of the revelation. He said, "Go to the skin worms, eat up my flesh, yet in my flesh I shall see God." Did he see him? Oh my, you better believe it. Job was one of those ones that saw him when he got up on the first resurrection morning. Is that right? Amen. The prophet of God said Job came to the door and said, "Hey, come on over here. That's the same one I saw on the ash heap. Amen. So we realize by the grace of God when Jesus said it is finished, he meant exactly what he said. It was finished. So let me say it like this. It's finished. God can't do no more than what he's done already. Amen. And everything that you receive from God, it is up to you to receive it. You got to first believe it, then you must receive it. Hallelujah. Amen. If I was to give you this handkerchief and let's say here it come. It's yours. You might know it's yours because I said it was yours. Amen. And you might believe that it's yours, but it'll never be in your possession until you come and get it. That's how it is with the word of God. God have said it. You believe it, but you got to go get it. I told you I was going to talk about possession. Amen. We are possessors of heaven and earth. And when God gave you the token, it was just, as I say, a part of the whole to show you and to prove to you that not only is earth yours, but heaven is too. Finished. But we're so busy worried and concerned. Oh, I'm going to be lost. Am I going to miss the rapture? I'm going to Listen, let me tell you something. Are you an eagle? You just answered your question then. God came for eagles. Amen. And if you've heard the eagle cry, if God has quickened his life into you, you do not have to worry about it. Listen, because your worry won't change nothing. This have been decided. God has decided and determined who all would make the rapture before the foundation of the world. Now, I want you to understand, Amen. Every age comes with an anointing. Hello. And it is the anointing that makes the individuals do what they're supposed to do of the age. I'm going to say it again. Every age comes with an anointing. And in that anointing is the ability to do what God wants you to do for that age. Every age came up to their part. You say, "Well, brothers, I I can't get to this enough divine love." Well, the divine love is your anointing. And the Bible tells us that love conquers everything. So God had to give you his greatest weapon. And that was the word of God mixed with love. Come on, somebody. And love, amen, conquers all. Oh, come on, somebody. You say, "Well, Lord, I don't have it yet." It don't mean it ain't there. He's given it to you. Come on, somebody. If I was a millionaire and I said, "I've you've inherited." Amen. My estate. You're not going to stay up there in the in in the hills somewhere. Amen. In your little shanty when you know, Amen. By the grace of God, that you've inherited all I've gotten. I got millions. Millions. And all you've got to do is come and and show your identification and prove to the people that you are who you are. That's all you got to do. Amen. When God has given you everything, you all you got to do is show your ID. What is your ID? The Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. And when you show that ID, heaven must recognize who you are. Hell is well. Causes us to triumph. Amen. The Bible said he causes I love that scripture. Causes us to triumph. In other words, when we would fail, God pushes you. God drives you. Come on, somebody. God makes you do it. Hallelujah. Is that the truth? Amen. I was thinking about all of us this morning uh uh and this evening. I said, Lord, I said, if we're not like Gideon, I don't know who Gideon is. Is that right? When God calls us mighty man avail, we always looking around at somebody else and say, maybe he's talking to that person. No, but God is talking to you. Hallelujah. Prove me, he says. Try me, he says. And a lot of time we afraid to prove and trying. Gideon say, if you be God, let this happen. If this is going to be Lord, let this happen. And Lord, I know I done asked you several times, but let this happen. And did God do it? Cuz God wanted Gideon to know who he was. Not the outward man. not this this coward that Satan had convinced him in his mind that he was. He wanted to Gideon to see that he was a mighty man of veiler. And you know that message was not preached amen to denomination. That message was preached to the bride. You must recognize who you are. And God has planted you to destroy the works of the enemy. Come on, somebody. You got to realize that you are the feet of God. Right? You say, "Well, brother, I'm up in the head, but you the feet, too." Right, Joshua? Wherever you plant your feet is yours. Is that right? And man, God has raised you up to prove that you are what he said you are by putting the devil under your feet. I went to the enemy's camp. Well, it's more than that. It is a reality that you and I must come to. Now, the Bible said he did it in secret. No, he didn't. The Bible said he openly triumphed. So, every believer must openly triumph over the devil. There must be a witnesser, a witness somewhere. Come on. Remember I told you when it comes to light, light forces the issue. Light does not ask the darkness to move. It pushes it. It pushes it. It demands that light to move. So much so when the sun gets finished, there's no more darkness. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Now, we look at this thing. You say, "Well, brothers, listen. I was thinking the Bible talk about the lion roar." You know, the lion roars. Amen. When he's got a kill. Is that right? I was thinking about all of the things that I had seen in Africa, you know. going out. We I've seen several times we've come up on uh lion uh clans where they done killed the the the the theuh analopee or whatever the animal was and and they they feeding all of their little cubs. Don't you think when there's ever a kill, the hyenas is not around to steal your your kill, right? The hyenas are there to steal your evidence that you whoop the devil, right? Amen. The hyenas are always there. They're nothing but demonformed animals. As far as I don't think they'll be in heaven. I think I don't know. But my point is, Amen. When it comes to those kind of a things, you look and you say, "Well, brother was what are you saying?" I'm saying the devil like like like I think it was uh with our brother Keith and and the woman, the sister, Amen. that got healed. You know how many times the devil has healed you? I mean, God has healed you and then the devil come back. Huh? He's always coming back to see whether the faith's still there. Hallelujah. Amen. All you got to do is not answer the door. Why answer the door when he start knocking? Don't answer the door. You got what you want. Hallelujah. Amen. So, I said all of that to say this. I think about how Jesus Christ, our lion, killed Satan, destroyed the devil's work, and now he is saying to his cves, "Come feast on the carcass." The devil's dead. You might not think he is, but he is. He's as dead as your faith will put him. A dead man can't do nothing, and Satan can't do nothing unless you allow him to do it. Come on, somebody. Even when it comes test and trials, look what he did. He stripped Job from everything, but he couldn't take his integrity. Huh? God said, "Whatever you do, don't touch the oil and the wine." Hallelujah. Don't touch his life. And you and I are here. We're going to be tried. We're going to be tested. That's why we come. Hello. Is that not what Brother Brandham said? We come the bride to be tested. She must be proven she's bride. And it's okay because you packed the goods. As I said this morning, the blood was a token. Is that right? Now, the life of the blood is a token. Y'all hear what I'm saying? And that life, we wouldn't have known that. That's why denominations, organizations, they think they're under the blood. But you cannot be under the blood without the Holy Ghost. You, up until that point, you are potentially under it. Amen. Y'all hear what I'm saying? If that same spirit be in you that was in Christ Jesus, as it quicken his body, it shall also quicken what? Your mortal body. That's the blood I'm talking about. We were talking by the grace of God. We were talking about a blood transfusion. Now, let me say it like this. Only the true seed of God that has been called to be bride will go into desperation. She's going to get it no matter what the cost. She's been ordained to do it. Just like Jesus was ordained to go to Calvary, she's ordained to get the oil. Add extra oil. Hallelujah. She doesn't care what it takes. She's like Tamara. If she's got to pose like a prostitute to get it, she'll get it. Hallelujah. Oh, come on, somebody. She's like Hannah. If she got to pray and fast for days to get it, she's going to get it. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Hallelujah. She's like the prostitute that went to Simon's house. Amen. She's She's willing, Amen. to suffer ridicule. She's willing, amen, to suffer scone. Amen. As long as she can get to Jesus, that's all that matters to her. See, you ordained for it. Something in you will not let you rest. Hallelujah. Until you achieve that thing, God seal you away. Hallelujah. Bring you into a complete maturity. I want you to understand by the grace of God, there's nothing in you that can do it. There's no natural element that that can make you do this. This is an uncction. This is the Holy Spirit. This is the anointing of the Lord Jesus. You say, "Well, brother, you know, do I have to be in church and feel it like you do?" Like, you got to shout and cry. No, sir. Jesus stood at the pool pit and said, "This day, this scripture is fulfilled in your ears." There was no shouting. There was no dancing. But he was fully anointed by the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. He knew his place. He knew where he was headed. And he knew what he wanted. Oh, people of God, we're not roaming in darkness anymore. We are in the light. We're children of the light. We're the children of the day. We can see the enemy. Hallelujah. Like the brother said, we know who we are and we know who the devil is. Why? Because of the message. There are people right now who are serving Satan and don't even know it. How can you How can you listen? The Bible said there are churches that are literally Amen. have doctrines of devils. How can you have doctrines of devil and not be worshiping the devil? Y'all hear what I'm saying? Amen. But it's all grace. Ephesians 2:4 and 10. Now, when I say this, you know, a lot of time it's hard to bring this thing to a balance because a lot of time people take grace and make it disgrace. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about when a, as you've heard me say many times, grace is the time and the ability that God gives you to make it right. When one day, one time he used to kill you. You made a mistake, you were dead, right? Amen. Somebody, I know y'all didn't eat all that kind of food that y'all going to not say nothing. Not even. Amen. But I'mma preach it anyhow. Cuz if I was on there, I'll be staggering, too. Amen. But I'm the preacher, so I got to stay awake. Amen. Ephesians 2, it says, Amen. But God who is rich in mercy, for his grace love, his grace uh for his grace love with with wherewith he loved us, right? even when we were dead in sins have quickened us together with Christ. By grace ye are saved. And brother Bradom breaks it down like this. He said the blood keeps you saved, but grace saves you and grace saves you because of election. You were chosen in him before the foundation of the world. My God. Hallelujah. Oh, God pick me. Pick me. Pick me. No, he chose me before the foundation of the world. I don't have to be pleading with God at this point to pick me. He He's already chosen those who's going who's He's going to choose. It's already done. Now, that's the point God is trying to get over to us. If it's done, you might as well enjoy it. Huh? Why worry about something that you can't fix? You couldn't fix it before you got saved. You can't fix it since you got saved. God fix it. He's a repairer. He's the builder. He's the one. Amen. That have set you free. Remember, God is in the house. Even when we were dead in sin, have quickened us together with Christ. by grace you are saved and have raised us up together and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus that in the ages to come he might show the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus. Now I'm going show you that you can't be perfect in your flesh because your flesh get tired. Your flesh get weak. The word is never tired and the word is never weak. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. So, you're trying to perfect something that can't be perfected. No, you don't perfect your flesh. You shut him down. Huh? You don't perfect him. You shut him down. You stop him from living. Paul said, "It's not I that live, but Christ that lives in me." This flesh, as long as it lives, it will be contrary to the word of God. And you the only one that can let him have his way. It ain't the devil, it's you. All of us, your greatest enemy is yourself. It ain't the devil, it's you. I'm sorry. We got to stop blaming the devil. I used to do it. You know the devil. The devil ain't made me nothing. It was me. We give him more credit than he he deserve. He probably got his shoulders rolled back. said, "My goodness, I'm getting getting better all the time." Hallelujah. But you must realize, amen, when God gives us grace by for by grace you are saved through faith. Hello. In other words, you can't even be saved if your faith can't believe it. Your faith must believe that you're saved. You cannot be saved if your faith won't believe it. Am I making sense to you? You must first Oh, brother, can you prove it? I cannot prove it. You're working with the supernatural thing here. But my faith says I'm saved. My faith says I'm healed. My faith says I'm delivered. My faith says I'm bride. Hallelujah. Glory to God. And nothing can take that from me. It is a revelation that God gave. It is my token to heaven. He made a blood covenant with Abraham and his seed. Is that right? Oh, listen what he said. Amen. In the message, Israel and the church, he said, we come on down to the eighth verse and God promises Abraham here how he's going to save him and his seed after him. Now, he made it just because that it was Abraham. He didn't say, "Now, Abraham, if you would do this, if you would do that," he said, "Abraham, I've done it already. I ain't It ain't nothing you got to do. I've done it myself." Amen. Oh my. Unconditional. God's covenant is unconditional. But most of us treat it like it's conditional. is almost like a slap in God's face because he's telling you what you worried about. What you so upset about. Amen. I knew you was flesh before you got here. Huh? It's true. The devil take those little things and he he makes you strain at it. Listen, let me put it this way. Oh, I'm building. I'm building. I'm building. But I want you to understand. Except the Lord build the house, the labors labor in vain. Hallelujah. You can't add a cubit to your stature. Not one. Hallelujah. Glory to God. I guarantee you every ant on that ark was appreciative. He didn't care about the elephant being much bigger than because he was glad he was on there. Hallelujah. Amen. And why you be somebody else that may be more spiritual. They might have more faith. They might have more. So what? Come on. Grace is with you and you must accept it. You've got to accept it. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Because grace is what sets you free. Can I ask you a question? How many of y'all woke up this morning and as of this point, you've done nothing wrong? Can I get a witness? Y'all hear what I'm saying? It is the blood. Y'all hear what I'm saying? It is the blood of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. That keeps us, that protects us, that saves us. Oh my God. Though your sin be as scarlet, though they be red as crimson, he said, "I'll make them white as snow." Hallelujah. God needed that red stuff on you in order to put his red stuff together with your red stuff to make it white. Hallelujah. Oh, come on, somebody. Oh, Lord. I'm trying my best not to shout it. It was so good earlier. It was It was so good earlier. I'm like, Lord, you know, I don't want to work with this tamarine beat, but it sure work me. Glory to his name. Amen. Ain't God good to us? Amen. God's I'mma tell you, I can beat that tamarine sometime and it's just a beating. But there are times that bam that tamarine takes a dimension to it. It takes me somewhere else. Today was one of those days. It took me somewhere else and I was glad to be there. I was cut short for some reason, but I thank God for what I got. Hallelujah. It takes I can't explain it. I just can't explain it. But it takes me I feel myself being lifted. Glory to God. Now we realize, Amen. We wouldn't have known. Brother Brandon brought out the uh God's chosen place of worship. We wouldn't have known. People, we are so blessed to know that there's only one place to worship God. Hallelujah. Remember, Amen. There were tribes of Israel who failed to worship God in Jerusalem. Where's Where's Jerusalem? The new Jerusalem. That's your heart, people. That's where you worship God now. Hallelujah. Trusting that the blood is there. Uh the blood must be there. If the blood ain't there, you working with judgment. Hallelujah. But when the blood has been placed on the altar of your heart, hallelujah, that's where the worship comes in. Hallelujah. Listen what he says. There was also two covenants. Actually, when you think about it, Brother Benham also said there was three. There was one with uh uh Adam. There was one with Noah and also one with Moses. There was also two covenants given to the people. We're going to speak to them in this morning. One of them was given to Adam on condition. If you do this and don't do that, but that was was broken. Adam and Eve broke that in the garden. Amen. Is that right? Then God made a se second covenant and give that to Abraham and that was uh is that right? That was he well Moses and that was the law that Abraham and that was the law of unconditional. It isn't what you've done or what you will do. See you know we should ring our hands Lord please save me L. Oh please save me. But what you fail to see you can plead with God all you want. If you ain't in the book, you ain't in the book. Now, I don't want to scare you because see, the devil will take the wrong side of that. I'm trying to tell you because you have a love for the word of God, you may not be measuring up to the scripture as yet because the life in you is a babe or maybe an adolescent or maybe a teenager. Y'all hear what I'm saying? But what as you grow and mature in what grace? You get stronger. You begin to see your features forming and shaping into the very image of Christ. The more you lay in the presence of the sun, the more you begin to see your identity. Now, I'm g ask you a question. If brother Brandon walks as perfectly as as a man as so many people believe, why did God tell him he need to be more sincere? Huh? Anybody got an answer for that? Huh? Brother Brandham always plead for mercy and grace. Come on, somebody. My point is, and as long as he had to do it, and so will you. Every man that was born of a woman still has to plead for mercy and grace. The only one that didn't have to do that was Jesus himself. I'm not trying to cut you down, but my point is I'm trying to see, let you see how free you are. You've been set free. And your imprisonment is in your mind. You can do whatever. You're a possessor of heaven and earth. That means you own it. You own us. I was told and I've tried it. I've tried it. You can try it, too. I was told that if you talk to water and tell the water how blessed it is and how good it is, it gets sweeter. Have you ever tried that? It works. It's not a psychological thing. It really works. Think about it. You got to drink some nasty water. Talk to it a little bit. It will get sweeter. Your words are creative and you write in the word when God say bless and curse not. You're a possessor of heaven and earth. Oh, come on, somebody. It's true. It's true. It's true. Listen. He promised the promise of triumph has always been throughout the scriptures hidden within the pages of the word. He left it on record for the blind, right? When when when when when when Abel uh triumphed there in the garden, that was left for you to show you. And this is what I love. Abel had nothing to give God but the lamb. None of his works, none of that. Not he could say nothing else other than Lord, the lamb that you the revelation that you gave me of this animal, I'm giving it back to you. That was it. God didn't require nothing else. And if that was in the beginning, that's in the end. And that's what's wrong with a lot of message believers. They have worked and worked and worked and they tired of working and they tired of working. Why don't you work and labor to get the Holy Ghost so you can enter into his rest? When you enter into his rest, Amen. Something happens. Something happens and you m and you know no matter what I go through, I'm in safety zone. I'm in a safety zone. He's designed it that way. I'm in a safety zone. And ain't nothing can stop it, can t can take that away from me. Hallelujah. Do you make mistakes after you get the Holy Ghost? Anybody know that answer? Amen. Hallelujah. I tell you what, I wish once, you know, was the Holy Ghost was like once you get it, you going to heaven. Wouldn't that be wonderful? Everybody would have it by now. Hallelujah. But that's not it. You just get the Holy Ghost. Now you're learning how to be a real son, a daughter of God. Come on, somebody. Now, I'm saying all of these things because this was not possible one time under Moses there. This wasn't possible for all of us to enjoy this. The Gentiles had their own place to sit or to stand or whatever. They were not even allowed in the the same congregation with the Jews. They were procelites. Hallelujah. Women, you couldn't even do this. You could there was no such thing as men and women coming together and worshiping God. Huh? That that was under the law. Come on, somebody. But because of Calvary, you here. Oh my God. Because of Calvary, you can shout hallelujah. Amen. Because of clarity, you can you can worship God. You can thank him for your deliverance. You say, "Well, Brother Brooks, I I I still I I know God going to deliver." God has delivered me, right? Amen. You say, "Well, it ain't made manifest. What that got to do with it?" Huh? If God said it, it is. So, it don't We don't know how long it took the sun to manifest when he said, "Let there be light." We don't know. It had to happen. So you just hold on to that. I'm healed. I'm delivered. Come on, somebody. Oh my. Listen. Not only did Jesus Christ's blood bring redemption. And what is redemption? We look at when Adam and Eve fell, God provided them a lamb for salvation. And the sheep skin was protection. Hallelujah. He gave them a token when he wrapped them in sheep skin. And he gave you a token when he wrapped you up in sheep skin. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. Amen. You say, "Oh, God." I mean, you know, it is the atonement. We We didn't, you know, I so thank God, anybody like me, sometimes you procrastinate. You don't mean to, but you just do, you know, and and you know, we would be in bad shape, you know, having to sacrifice these animals. We have them all stacked up in the barn somewhere. Amen. Well, I'm going to get to it at some point in time. You see what I'm saying? But you don't even have to do that no more because of the blood of Jesus. Hallelujah. He's been our bull. He's been our lamb. He's our dove. He's our goat. He's our everything. He's our red heer. He's all of that. And all we got to do is say, "Lord, forgive me." Oh, you can't get it no easier than that. That's why brother Brando say for in order for a man to go to hell, he got to fight his way there. You don't easily go to hell. Nobody easily go. You got to fight. You got to fight God all the way down to the bottom of that thing. Listen. Healing. Come on, somebody. He showed through the blood of Jesus. It was go. I love this. Cuz you had those lepers. He the blood had not even been shed. And Jesus healed the lepers. How? By his word. See, because it was always the life. It was always the life. Amen. That gave life. Hallelujah. Silver and gold have act number. Such as I have give I thee. What was he doing? Showing Amen. That the bride of Jesus Christ is triumphant over the devil under whatever circumstances. Anybody know what I'm talking about? You know there are some of us. Amen. And you know it's true. You fight for what's yours. Oh, I didn't get enough amens in it. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'll say it myself. Amen. Because it's true. When something is yours, you just don't easily let it go. Like I was telling somebody, if God gave you a job, and the man said, "Well, you know, I got to let you go." You need to say, "Hold up. You can't let me go." Shock him a little bit. You can't let me go cuz God gave me this job. Did he tell you that? He might think you crazy, but I guarantee you, he'll think about it before he do it. I'm telling you, I don't care how rich a sinner might be. When you start bringing God in the equation, those demons get scared. Yes, they do. They think you have crazy anyhow, but you going to approach me like that. I'm telling you, learn to put God in the equation. When you put God in, did God tell you to see? I know God gave me this job. I prayed for this job. my fasting and God gave me this job. Did God tell you to fire me? If God told me to told you to fire me, you safe. But if he didn't, you in trouble. They going to think you crazy anyhow. You might as well leave your reputation pure, right? It's the truth. Amen. So, we look at this thing and say, "Well, Lord, that's what they did. The children of Israel and the the saints of God weren't afraid of Satan. They knew who owned. And when you know who owned, you know you're the owner. Oh, did not did not was it Herod said, "Don't you know I have the ability to pilot?" He said, "Don't you know I have the ability to take your life?" Jesus said, "Hold up now. You ain't got nothing. You don't have no power. What all you got is what my father gave you." Right? He straightened them right out. The word straighten them right out. I'm telling you, these demons have come and tried to take your possession when God have already told you whatsoever you ask for, it's yours. It's yours. And when God give it, he'll let you know when to move on. I believe that. Now, I don't know who I'm talking to, but may God bless you. The lamb of God, the lamb, the blood was a covering for Adam and Eve. Is that right? And we spoke on that this morning a little bit on the token because you got to realize when God gives you something, amen, is as is as powerful as God himself. Let's put it this way. Like we said last last week, we have God who is our father. And the Bible said every good and perfect gift come from God. Now I don't know about you, but I am a good and perfect gift. Hello. I ain't talking about this old flesh. I'm talking about the inner man. I am a good and perfect gift. How you know? Because the prophet God told us that God gave me to Jesus Christ as a love gift. And you got to be a good and perfect gift before God can give you to Jesus. If that makes sense. Y'all hear what I'm saying? I don't care what I look like. Amen. So when you know that you are a good and perfect gift that comes from where? The father of lights. That means you are a light. Did you know that when the Holy Ghost comes into you, he blasts out all the darkness and he fills you with his own light? That's what brother say. God even gets rid of the cosmic light and replaces the cosmic light with his light. Find it. It's there. removes the cosmic light and put his light in you. And if God puts his light in me, guess what? I'm more I'm brighter than the sun. Oh my God. Possessors. Possessors. Are you a possessor this evening? Possessors. You know, he he even taught the children. He said, "Don't go go to school and cheat on your test." He said, "Pray over it. You study and pray and God will give it to you because it's yours." He's just trying to say amen. Amen. So, when you and I realize, Amen. that God has made us triumphant. Now, listen. The Bible says according to Romans 8, the spirit itself bear witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. And there be anybody that don't like the Holy Ghost, something's wrong with their spirit. Hallelujah. I don't care if the Holy Ghost fall on a child, I'm going to get out there with them. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. Yeah. I I I tell you what, I I I I see these children. Amen. and they be shouting and praising God and ain't no music, ain't no church service. And I think that's exactly what we ought to be doing. Why is it it on their minds and it's not on ours? Huh? Come on, somebody. And we, oh, don't do that. No, let them play like that or whatever they doing. Leave them alone cuz you know the devil ain't got them worshiping God. Oh my, I know I'm off my track now, but that's okay. Brother Benham says, "Amen." In the message Patton's vision, he said, "What happens when two omnipotence meet?" When God and man comes together, two omnipotence come, omnipotence, something's got to shake. Whatever you say with that creative power of omnipotence of God, knowing that he's promised it, and he said it in his word, it creates a power that goes out yonder and bring things to pass. I believe that. You say, "Well, brothers, are you crazy?" Maybe I am. But I was telling somebody the other day, I said, "All of my children, they, you know, they don't realize it, but they locked in. Faith unlocked them in." Faith unlocked them in. It's almost like a spaceship. They don't know where they going, but I know where it's taking them. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Faith. And when you speak that thing, it's got to go. I don't care how long it takes, but it's got to It's like a boomerang. It got to come back to you. Amen. Amen. And you say, "Well, brother, it look like it's chaotic. It can't be changed." I don't care what the devil says. I don't believe my eyes. I don't believe my ears. I don't believe my smell. I don't believe my taste. I don't believe nothing. Amen. When it's contrary to the word, I don't believe it. I don't care what my senses can produce. Y'all hear what I'm saying? I look at this thing and I said, "Oh, Lord God." I said if if Job can pray and hold his children intact, I can too. Y'all y'all getting quiet. Y'all getting quiet. How else I'm going to preach. Hallelujah. Amen. You know, it's the truth. Sometime it's the sometime I I put it this way. You know, it's it's it's really Let me move on. Let me move on. If children then hes of God, joint hes with Christ, or so be that we suffer with him that we may also be glorified together. The thing is it's hard to suffer with him. Huh? You know, you want people, you know, it's hard. Amen. People listen, I don't care if they don't accept me. I'm too old to be looking for people acceptance. Honestly, I'm might as well be a Christian. That's what I want to be. That's what I'm going to be. That's what I am. Right? But y'all know how it is. Even in my own walk there in my early stage, you know, you almost compromise a little bit just to be accepted. Anybody know what I'm talking about? I'm too old for that. You get what you you know what you see is what you get. Y'all hear what I'm saying? And that's what I'm saying. Somewhere along the line, we must come to that maturity where no matter it m it doesn't matter what people think of you. Oh, come on, somebody. You're free. I can't say it enough. Listen, it it would look strange for a cow to try to act like a sheep or a sheep to try to act like a cow. You and I must be who we are. If we're sheep, be sheep. If we're cows, be cows. Am I making sense? I wish I could truly say that I've walked this Christian walk and never stumbled or fell. Did I say that right? Stumbled or fall. Amen, fellas. Right. Amen. Sometime I get mixed up in my old ways. But my I'm not old. I'm just talking. But point is this people, when it comes to us understanding, and that's the hardest thing. This is what I'm trying to get us to see. God has paid the price for our identity. Right? Sin made us think we were sinners. You know, sin made us think and believe we were of no good. Sin was unfair to us, not God. Sin. You were born in sin, right? And and and and you know, sin, you know, we can look at it and say, "Oh, but life has not been fair only because of sin." And now God is saying, "I'm offering you true life where this thing can change from being unfair to fair. I'm trying to give you a new beginning." Right? This is what God is saying. I can't do it except you believe me, except you trust me, except you receive me. It cannot work. See, it it's just that simple. But I know who you are. And my whole point I'm trying to get over to you that you're not just men and women, but you're sons and daughters of God, made created in my image. Amen. You have been made. You have been built to be triumphant and not not not not defeated. You are those who I have chosen. Amen. To triumph over death himself. That's what God is trying to get over to us. Amen. That these little trials that we go through is child's play is nothing. We fail to see the spoken word that's within us. How many times we have stopped the cars? Let me ask you a question. How many times you've ever been in a wreck accident and before you know it you say Jesus and it stops or you say Jesus and the accident is not as bad as it could have been because you put the element Jesus in there. H how many times you prayed and the fever was so high and all of a sudden it's gone. Huh? Who did that? Jesus. That same faith that you take or you think you don't have operates when you least expect it. My wife was in pain last night in her back and she woke up and said, "Pray for me." And she said her testimony was that when I laid my hand and prayed for her, he she said, "I had it somewhere on her head." She says, "No, put it where the pain is." She said the pain left her immediately. Now listen people, that was not Brother Brooks. Brother Brooks's man's side was half sleepy. You see what I'm saying? But I said, "Lord Jesus, help me pray." And I prayed and God respected the prayer and healed her. See, but those things are in you. Not just in me, they in you. And we got to put it to test. Put it into a place where you say, "Well, what do you mean?" Whenever there's a controversy, whenever there's a trial, whether there Satan comes, he is God's ordained. God ordained? What do you mean? It's like It's like David and Goliath, right? It was God ordained. God knew that he was going to send David out there to whoop Goliath. David was the last one to know that. You see what I'm saying? What do you mean? I'm saying this and I'm gonna say this in a way that you can all understand it. Every one of us have been tested and tried with some habit, some bad habit, something that has encased us. Now, I'm going I'm going to shock you now because I want you to know that God did that. God allowed that to be knowing the seed of God was in you. He allowed that to be there. Hello. Like the woman, Amen, that was put out of the house who was a prostitute. Come on. The woman at the well. Come on, somebody. God allowed that to happen because down the road he was going to meet her at Samaria. Y'all hear what I'm saying? And those bad habits, you think, "Oh my God, I'm just such a wicked man." God allowed it. Hello. Now, you say, "Oh, that can't be the true." Let me put it this way. God chose Peter and he knew he had a hot temper. God needed that hot temper. Amen. To show Peter, man live by the word and not by the sword. God knew he was going to get that hot temper out of Peter. Come on, somebody. But he needed that hot temper. Amen. Because in God's mind, there was a soldier who had to need he needed his ear cut off. And Peter was ordained to do it. I know it sound I'm trying to tell y'all why he allowed it to be so. Cuz he has confidence that once you get the Holy Spirit, you will overcome it. That's your jail house. That's my jail house. Amen. Anybody know what I'm talking about? But God ordained it and allowed it to happen. Why could God do that? because he wanted to show the devil, no matter what you put on my seed, they're overcomers. If I can conquer death, hell, and the grave, they can conquer this, they can conquer that, they can conquer this, they can conquer that. Because I got the chief demon. Huh? God got the chief demon. And once God put his Holy Ghost in you, you can conquer everything. Let me let me ask you a question. And if you don't believe that, how you going to be raptured? Right? If you don't believe that, how you going to want if you die, how you going to get up? If that Holy Ghost on earth while you living can't conquer the devil, how he's going to conquer death, right? Can I ask you that? How is he going to conquer death? Come on. If you can't have faith that God can overcome cancer or overcome high blood pressure or overcome these diseases, amen, that Satan put on us. Now, I believe it and I've been faced with all kinds of stuff, but God has given me grace. Now, I'm not tired. Listen, I'm gonna tell you something. So, we before I go on you, he causes you to triumph. The problem is we don't know how to say, "Lord, I'm weak. I can't do it. Lord, I I can't. I done tried it." Come on, somebody. But let me tell you something. I say it like this. But when that revelation drops in your heart, now it is the time. No devil in hell can take it from you. And you won't have to fear. There won't be no fear. There won't be any fear. When God drops that revelation on you, you like David going after the after that giant. Amen. That's the way it is. But you when you try to do it yourself, you're going to always be shaking and trembling cuz you're uncertain. But when God does it, you become a warrior. [Music] Now, that was sweet to me. Y'all didn't taste that. I'm trying to tell you. I'm trying to tell you that. So, so you can you can't think that you've been a mistake. You're not a mistake. You're beautiful in the eyes of God. And God ain't worried. Oh my God, I'm just wondering whether she going to be able to do it. God ain't worried about that because he knows that everything has an appointed time. Everything has a season. Everything has an appointed time. Am I making sense? You're a possessor. And God is grooming every one of us in here. He's building us and making us. Well, you say, "Well, brother, you know, I I've tried and you know, listen, every one of us have gone through that." Anybody know what I'm talking about? I remember when I first heard the statue of a perfect man. I tried and I tried and I tried and I tried and I tried. And the more I tried, the more discouraged I got. Many times I thought my I might as well just hang it up. It ain't going to happen. But then when I heard and understood it wasn't me trying, it was God adding. Come on, somebody. Amen. And when I when I realized, Amen. You know what I'm saying? is like going to Burger King or or going to some one of those restaurant and and you know they they making your burger. You say that you either say, "I want pickles, lettuce, tomatoes. I don't want to make no matter hungry, but I want pickles, lettuce, tomatoes. This is the way I want it." Right. And they're going to make it the way you want it. Right. Right. Amen. So that's how it is with God. God got all you need. All you got to go there and says, "Lord, this is the way I want it." Right. And he knows you're going to ask according to his will. Fix it this way, Lord. Put a little bit of this on that quick. Come on. It's the truth. These natural things are typing something. They're not just here to be there. But God is showing he's the storehouse. He's the one you need to come to. And you need to be the one that come to God and said, "Lord, here's my order." Oh, you know that's what he wants. You know, I put it that way. Gideon wasn't shy about telling God how cowardly he was. Y'all got quiet. He really wasn't. He I can't do it. He said, "Lord, they come up and they eat and it's more than me and this and that and this and that." You know what I mean? Every time I try to get it every harvest time, they come and steal my stuff. How many times you felt like you was f to go to another level and the devil come and snatch it? Who was that? The same spirits Gideon was fighting coming during your harvest time when you should be collecting and bringing more God in. He comes and steal it from you. Huh? And God says, "Uh-uh. You going to have to learn how to fight back." Who me? Yes, you. But Lord, I've been a weakling all this time. Every time it just something happened. God said, "But you're a mighty man available. You can do this thing." Hallelujah. Oh, come on, somebody. Amen. We've been letting the devil whoop us up so much we, you know, we're like Gideon, hiding from him. Amen. And while we hiding, our loved ones are suffering. Come on, somebody. Because that's what was happening to Gideon. He was allowing the enemy to steal all his crop. And his loved ones was the ones that were going hungry. He got tired of it. And maybe this is what God is trying to get us to do. Get tired of this devil. Amen. That torments us and beat us around at times. Oh, you say, "Not me, huh? all of us. Satan comes in. If it wasn't for the grace of God, that's why you got to realize I'm never alone. I've got a host of angels with me. And the problem is, what's wrong with you? Amen. And I I put it this way. If you have been in a gang, come on. And and and and somebody going to come and jump you. What's going to happen? They just going to look around and say, "Oh, I think you can handle this." No. They may know you can handle it, but everybody want a piece of the action. That's the way it is. And that's how it is with the angels of the Lord. Come on, somebody. All you got to do is say, "Lord, help me." That's all you need. Remember I told you, amen, that when you say Jesus, that means angels and all. The Bible said the whole heaven and earth is named after him. So when you call Jesus, all your hosts come and say, "What? What? What's next? Just tell me what to do." Because remember, Amen. The prophet God said all Jesus had to do was move one finger and said destroy. He said and the angels would have destroyed everything. He said they were all in the trees. Nobody could see them but that's where they were. So many of them they were hanging out in the trees. Hallelujah. And that's what you got to realize. You are encompassed. The Bible said the angel not angels but the angel who is the host. He is the Lord of hosts. The angel. of the Lord in camp that the the top angel about them that fear. Can I can I just give one more couple more quotes and then I I'll be done because I want you to understand you didn't have this ability before. You didn't have this opportunity to whip the devil. The devil whipped mankind for 4,000 years and some if I want to put it that way. But since Calvary, God has given us the armor of the word to put on the whole armor. He placed us in the battle and say you can do it. Paul said you're more than a conqueror. I have confidence in you that you are a victor through Christ Jesus. Oh Lord, the devil scared of him like he was yesterday. today. He said, "Then God the Father in his universe, God in his son, God in his word, and now God in his people." Hallelujah. That quickening immortal life that pull you out of that and drinking and carrying on through your life. That's God and his people. That thing that when the Holy Ghost take the word of God and sprays it over the people like that with his power, that heart of yours grabs it with it and it's God in his people. He said, "And God purposed to prove his word, the truth." There was only one man that could do that, and that was Jesus. And he come and prove that to be the truth. It sealed it. And that broke all the seals of gloom and gathered all the superstitions of other religions and so forth. Where great men has raised up and said great, marvelous things, but they're everyone in the grave. But our Christian religion is the only one who has an empty tomb. And that proves to me that he is the God of the dead and the living. That he could raise up the dead back to life again. And this quickening power, quickening spirit of his has proved through the years that he's the my he is the one who can quicken the dead back to life. Now, if he can quicken it, what can he do for me that I'm living now? The Holy Spirit is here on earth looking out those individuals that God has ordained to life in this age. How many of y'all believe that God ordained you to life? I believe that with all my heart, people of God, sometime the devil get on my back and listen, he calls me a hypocrite, too. Anybody in here get that call? All you got to do is make one mistake. You ain't nothing but ever create. Oh, you don't even have to. It don't have to be an outward mistake. You could just allow a thought to come and linger too long and he said, "You ain't nothing but old devil. I know him cuz he talked to me too." Same devil, same language. Hallelujah. But the Bible said, "If you resist the devil, he'll fe from you." I want to get so crazy and fanatical about God. And I I know that word fanatical don't go well with some people, but you know what I'm saying? I really want to go I just I'm saying, "Lord, get me out of this old prideful flesh, this old flesh of mine that hinders me." Amen. Because I don't I listen, I want the devil to know who side I'm on. I don't want no guess work with him. I want him to know for a certain whose side I'm on. Y'all hear what I'm saying? And you you you see the devil, he coming and you know he almost kind of sometime how many have experienced you know he he he almost shut your mouth when you get ready to praise God. You going to give a praise and he you can almost feel like you got to fight through it. Now I've had that experience more than once. Amen. But I tell you what, when you open your mouth, Amen. the power of God comes down. That's right. Now the Holy Spirit is here on earth looking out those individuals that God has ordained to life in this age. As soon as it finds it, it does just like it did on Jesus Christ, the great super son of God who redeemed us all. It comes down and it takes place of a bold into the human life. Now notice brought uh bold uh brought the quickening power. Now that quickening uh power that comes upon Jesus quicken him to manifest every promise of the word of that day. So does the Holy Spirit that comes upon us in this day. If it is not a mockery Holy Spirit. So you got mockery Holy Spirit. But is but if the real true Holy Spirit is manifest the promise of your hour. That's right. It will manifest the promise of your hour. Right. He said, "Now, now that that's what we must understand." Amen. This that we're we're looking to see and to make sure that the Holy Ghost that we got is not a mockery Holy Spirit. It's got to be the real one. Amen. That's going to produce, Amen. the word for this day in this hour. Hallelujah. Y'all hear what I'm saying? That is what make you who you are, right? The real Holy Ghost make you his own. Right? And if you are his own, you are omnipotent. You're victorious. You're triumphant. Come on, somebody. You're perfect. You don't have to call me perfect. He called me perfect. When he gave me his Holy Ghost, he said, "You perfect." But brother, I saw you do something. What you saw, you ain't see nothing. Is that the word? The Bible said, "Ain't nobody going to be able to stand in judgment against me, who going to lay in a charge to God's elect?" Hallelujah. What accusation you going to say you saw me do? Huh? Come on, somebody. When God has justified me so as though I've never sinned in the first place. Now, that's a that's a that's a that's a deeper ram that I'm working with now because I'm going to tell you something. Your eyes will be able to declare something that you thought you saw. But when God put it up on the screen if it's confessed, there won't be no evidence that it ever existed. So where will your proof be? Y'all hear what I'm saying? There will be no proof. There will be no proof. Y'all hear what I'm saying? because God won't even remember it once it's put in the sea of forgetfulness. You know what brother Brandham said and I'm closing. He said those people that worship the devil don't know what they doing. And he just wasn't talking about outright devil worshippers. He was talking about church people. Church people. Hello. And you've heard me say this, and it's so true. Before Satan thought, God thought. God's thoughts was the only thought there ever was until Satan thought. And when Satan thought, he thought differently away from God. Hello. And when he thought different from God, it was the thing that caused all this ruckus. It caused the fall of angels and it caused the fall of man. Understand? That's why the Bible said man does not live by word bread alone but by every word which is every thought of God. That's how man live. Oh come on somebody. And so you and I must align our thoughts to his thoughts. But really if the Holy Ghost is in you his thoughts will become your thoughts. Let's stand. I don't know. Oh, I just said it like this. People of God, I I felt like God was prophesying here tonight. But I'm going to tell you something. We are in a position right now. You going to have to know who you are. With the world going falling apart like it is and uh Mexico just had another earthquake the other day. Uh we are now in a position, Amen. this world is falling apart. You see how the how how over in Yellowstone the buffaloos and everything running trying to find safety. I mean, people, come on. You know, Brother Brandham said he turned and he saw a smolder and ash. He never said that smoldering ash came from the bomb Russia sent. Never said it. It could actually come from the volcano. But nevertheless, Putin has already said they're the only nation that could bring us to a smaturing ash. Hello, somebody. Using the same terms brother Brandham used. Now my point is even that I mean look how our world is going. Our children are safe. We're being imposed upon. We're making our children go to making them our country is making them go to school with perverts and everything else. Come on. We cannot Amen. Uh uh we cannot govern them. You know, the best thing you can do is train them, teach them, give them the word, but most of all give them love so they'll know where to come when they need it. Y'all hear what I'm saying? My point is this. This world is falling apart. It's later than what you think it is. I'm telling you, the devil, Amen, will make you believe, Amen. You got a lot of time. Think about it. Those people in California, oh well, it's just another earthquake. They're blinded. And think about it. Now, I'm going to tell you something. How merciful God is. I want you to realize how merciful God is. God can't get the people to church. So, he produces a a film called Noah. He produces a film uh something about Jesus Christ. He goes out into Hollywood even though he know amen that a lot of the revelation ain't right. He he God knows how to take a little something something and catch that bride or catch that seed with it. So God goes all the way out of his is that right? That's the scripture. He said you wicked servant. Did you know I reap where I haven't planted? See, so God goes all out of his way with all of these. And they got another movie coming out like the Pompei or something. Pompei is real. It happened. It was like a Yellowstone. And the people saw and they knew things were happening. But oh, our beautiful lush, our beautiful country, our beautiful this, our beautiful that. Let me tell you something. Animals got more smart than most people. when I saw those buffaloos running out one way and cars driving the other. Oh, I could almost see them them buffaloos on their back laughing, kicking their legs up, say them stupid people. They so smart. They done they've done all this and they don't know that volcano volcano going to go off. People, it's just like the world. I mean, how worse can it get? I told y'all the other day, I was up in Barnes & Noble. Amen. I had to go get me a book on on it's a dietary book and and and and and right there in the place, and I won't go, but the the women had on just like Brother Brandham said, fig leaves, Sports Illustrated, and they were shaped like fig leaves. I didn't lust after it. You know what I'm saying? Because God has brought me beyond that. But my point is, Amen. It was right there in my face. And let me say it like this. It's later than what you think. Oh my God. Have mercy upon us. And with these blood moons, come on. We ain't seen it yet. It's already been declared. Something's coming, people. Something's coming. Was it last year when that uh meteor asteroid hit Russia? Don't you understand that wasn't nothing but God's stoning? The last stoning I know when brother Brandham threw up the stones and it and the blast come down and God's whirlwind come down and blast out those rocks but God sent the stone himself. Hallelujah. Bypass all those meteorologist or whatever they call you call them science people. Amen. Astronomers didn't even see it. Hallelujah. And I'm going to tell you something we better recognize because God said you'll see fearful signs in the sky. Amen. And they calling all of these uh UFOs. We know who they are. Yes, they are unidentified to the world. But did you know, brother Brandham said, "One of these days those lights will pick you up." Hallelujah. And we sold by the grace of God when that angel came down to brother Brandham. Brother Brandham said, "I saw a light. I thought it was a car light, but it and the car it did did it kept coming. All of a sudden, the angel stepped out of the light." Hallelujah. And let me say it like this. One of these old days, Amen. We'll have angels. Somebody's coming for us. Hallelujah. Amen. We're the aliens. Hallelujah. We're in a place we're not supposed to be. And one day, old mama going to come get us, and I'm looking forward to it. Hallelujah. You say, "Oh, Brother Brooks, you sound like a cult now. You done had all these strange things people be bringing." But I'm going to tell you something. Every cult is built around truth. Every cult is built around truth. And if you're going to call somebody a cult, Jesus had one, too. He had 12 men following him. Hallelujah. He had 12 of them following him. And listen, he was he had such a tight cult. He didn't have no place to put him. Amen. I'm telling you, if he was walking the earth and those 12 disciples was walking right now, you'd think they were bums. Why? Cuz God like to hide himself in the unusual. Lord, that's why you've been so strange all your life. You unusual. Amen. But God got you that way. Wouldn't have you no other way. But he's transforming us into the image and likeness of his dear son from glory to glory. Little by little. Don't you love it? Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Ain't God good to us? Oh, people, this is I I just got excited. This I tell you what, I love Easter. You know, I know it is that the word Easter is a pagan name, but every time I think about the celebration. Oh, I tell you what, I it would have been it would have been lovely to just be there when when them angels came down. Amen. And those soldiers went out of their minds. Oh, I would have loved to see. Yeah, y'all were tough. Amen. When he was up on the cross, but he ain't on the cross no more. Hallelujah. Let's see how good bad you are now. Huh? Come on. The angel come down. Amen. The light shine and they were running. But I thought you was dispatched there to keep him in the tomb. And that's what you must understand. As long as Satan can keep Jesus Christ in the tomb in your life, he's got the victory. As long as he can keep him in the tomb in your life, he's got the victory. He's no longer in the tomb, the stone must be rolled away. Hallelujah. And I'm going to say it like that. That's what denominations and organizations have all done. Kept him in the tomb. But there's a bride who says he's risen. There's a people of God that said he's risen. He's alive. He's well. And he's living in me to tell. Amen. I'm going to sing one song and I'm gonna let you go. Y'all going to help me sing it. I'm kind of home sick for a country to which I've never been before. No s Goodbye. There will be spoken. [Music] Hallelujah. For time won't matter anymore. I'm looking now. I'm looking now. [Music] across that old river. That's where my faith shall end inside. Hey Lord, there's just a few more days to labor. Oh, hallelujah. And soon we'll take that heavenly fly. Do the land. Hallelujah. I'm longing for you, oh my. And someday on thee I'll [Applause] stay there. My home shall be eternal. No build ever [Music] sweet land. Sing that chorus again. [Music] Bu I'm longing for you. Oh my. And [Music] someday on thee I'll stay there my home shall be eternal. Build the land. Oh, sweet Bland. Ber land. Build land, sweet land.
