################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2014-04-12 - Breaking Bread - 2014 03 30e - Randy Sias - Randy Sias.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2014-04-12
Title:   Breaking Bread - 2014 03 30e - Randy Sias
Speaker: Randy Sias
Church:  Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vVbrkFDrEwU
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
Breaking Bread
Randy Sias
Recorded - 2014 03 30e
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
in the office. We can still pray, I think, without a microphone, can we? All right, let's pray. Double our head to the Lord. Dear gracious heavenly father, we magnify your wonderful name. We thank you for your glory, your power, your righteousness. We thank you, Lord, for everything you have done in our lives. And Lord, we're desiring to press on as St. Paul had said, press toward the mark of the high calling. And Lord Jesus, we are determined that we're going to press on, Lord, and to have your word prevail in our lives. So, heavenly father, as we bow our hearts to you this evening, we have magnify your wonderful name. And we ask, Lord Jesus, that you'll anoint the word once again tonight. Move this man out of the way. You step in, Lord God. And surely, Lord, as we have spoken this morning, Lord, we want that glory to be real in our lives. We wanted it to fill us to overflowing Lord Jesus that your will would be done in our lives. We thank every hindering spirit be bound. Lord continue to bless this church Lord and the work that is here. We magnify you in Jesus wonderful name we pray. Amen. Glory to God. Thank you my brother. Glory to God. I think I'm beginning to learn. I think brother Brooks and I are a little more brothers than what I realize. I was telling brother Brooks of a story that I had a pickup truck and I won't go through the whole whole story, but I had a pickup truck sitting in my yard and my uh wife told me it sat there for a couple years. I said, "No, no, no, no. It didn't sit there for a couple of years." She said, "Oh, yes it did." I said, "No, no, no. I called one of my children and uh brought the situation to her attention and she said, "Oh yeah, Dad, it sat there." "No, no, no, it didn't sit there." And I got a text message from her, text message from her, and she's saying, "I I checked with my siblings and said, "Yep, you got four against one. You that did sit there and I I don't have one inkling of an idea or remember nothing that it was sitting there." I think you and from there I begin to realize something's wrong with this brain. I'm just glad I got a new one coming. Amen. We've got aches and pains that we didn't expect uh to have and uh different things are happening. As far as memory, I hear everybody talking about memory that uh everybody's complaining that uh you know, I keep forgetting things. I walk into a room, what do I walk in there to to get? What am I doing? Uh sometimes uh people call me and I'm kind of joking in this this line. They joke uh uh they uh call me up and uh uh and uh they will uh begin to ask me uh uh how I'm doing. I says, "I don't know." I was hoping you called to tell me how was I was doing because I really don't know. I don't know what's going on. Oh, but uh one thing we don't seem to forget is the Lord. We don't seem to forget him. Uh there's something is the Lord just burning in our hearts. That that's something I find out that doesn't change. I I I can only testify and speak of myself that the Lord put something in me years ago and it's still burning today. It's still burning today. Open your Bibles to John chapter 15. Without further ado, we'll get right into the scriptures tonight. We had a wonderful service this morning. I believe we did. I know that the King of Glory was here. Uh, anybody feel like God done something in our heart this morning? You know, we don't want to stop there. It's just not one meeting. You have to take this home with you and you have to apply it to our lives. Like I told our church uh uh last uh uh I was talking to them Wednesday about previous Sunday service. I said we had a wonderful service Sunday. I said but you know a services like that uh are though to to describe it to you uh because you'll find out a few days later you will think uh Lord you know you touch me so wonderfully there Sunday and just a wonderful presence of God there in the church and why am I experiencing this why why am I feeling this way I said church look it is like this it's like driving down the highway and you see a sign and that tells you this is the direction that you need to go and so you will follow those directions and the Lord will do the same thing to us when we hear the word of God it is direction we thank God for it because the presence of God will come we praise the Lord we feel so lighthearted many times we go out of church oh my I just feel so much better now everything is okay now it isn't no it isn't you're just feeling the blessings of God. And what we have to do, we have to take what God has given us because he's given us a direction and we have to go home and apply that in our prayers and say, "Lord, I want that and I'm not going to be satisfied until I get it." And that's why brother uh or the uh uh St. Paul had said, "I press toward the mark of the high calling." And that means you're called higher than any other Christian. You're called to a greater level than any other Christian. You're more is expected out of you than any other Christian. You're expected to understand and you're expect to come to this level. He's calling us to that level. It's not just saying, "Well, I believe. Praise the Lord. I'm glad I'm in the light of God. No, it's you are called into a a level to where you you say, I know my God lives. I am here in this church not because I will tell you openly. I am in this church because not because of brother Brooks. I am not here because of William Brandon. I am here because Jesus Christ pulled me out of darkness. Amen. He came into my heart and he led me to this place and I'm here because of the presence of almighty God. Amen. It's coming to a just a deep re uh relationship with God and knowing who he is in relationship to you. Praise his name. This we're not talking about church here. We're we're not talking about church. We're not talking about religion. We're talking about a true life in Jesus Christ. Amen. You know, let me tell you, let me just say this and I got to watch myself. I'll start going on like I said this morning. But uh you know those two on the road to Emmas, it's only been just about a year and a half ago that this this whole story about the two on the road to Emmas just changed for me. I'll never see this story the same. It just the just the clarity came about this message. uh uh about uh the story and how the two were on the road to a mass. They were talking one to another about Jesus and Jesus drew near. But you know Jesus was talking to them about the scriptures. Did you know that the isn't that right? They were talking to them about the scriptures. Do you know as he talked with them their eyes did not open? Did not open. So if Jesus could not open their eyes by preaching to them, what makes you think your eyes are going to be open for preaching preaching to you? Your eyes don't come open by listening to preaching. Whether it's brother Brandham, brother brother Brooks, brother myself, or it doesn't make any difference. Your eyes will not open by preaching. It's right there in the scriptures. Jesus himself could not open their eyes. And what happened was he acted like he was going to go on and they invited him inside. And when he when he came inside, he took the bread and he broke the bread. Now I'm going to ask you, where did the bread come from? They gave him the bread. He took the bread they already had. He took the bread that they had acquired and he broke that bread and then their eyes were open after he came inside. So you need a move of God inside to have your eyes open. It will not come any other way. It's not going to happen. It's not going to happen. And then when you didn't have to tell them to rejoice, you didn't have to tell them to rejoice. They realized Jesus Christ was resurrected from the dead. They ran into the city. Oh, he's alive. Oh, settle down. What's wrong with you? No. No. Let me tell you. What's he shouting about? What's wrong with her? What? What are they going on? Why are they making so much noise about? If you seen what they seen, you would know. That's what happens, friends. This is not religion. This is intimacy with God. Those two on the road to to a man, they they could walk out with authority. Nobody else seen it. They could walk out with authority. He's not dead. Oh, what do you mean he's not dead? He's not. Well, I seen him buried. I don't care what you seen. I don't care what you seen. Amen. I'm telling you, he's not dead. Praise the Lord. So, it is very important when the word is presented to you. Now, you need it broken. Now, you need it broken. Presence of God comes. Praise the Lord. What a good service we had today. What a good service. Now, you need to put it need it to put it in inh into your lives. We need to get it into our lives. We need to live it now. Well, brother, how how am I going to do that? Now, your work comes at home, Lord. I want that. I want that. And I'll never be satisfied. And I know the only way it's going to happen, you have to come inside. You have to come in here. And I And I know it's going to get done. I know it's going to get done. It's going to get done. Praise the Lord. Amen. God moving here already. I don't know if you sense it. I don't know what you sense out there, but I can sense the presence of God here right now. John chapter 15 verses 1 to8. I'm the true vine, and my father is the husbandman. Every man in me that beareth not fruit, he taketh away, and every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit. Now ye are you are clean through the word. Now you are clean through the word. I thought it was through the blood. I thought it was through the blood. I thought the blood is what made us clean. The Bible says we're made clean through the word. Why the difference? Well, there is no difference. You can't separate the blood and the word. When you accept the word into your heart, you're accepting the blood. They are one together. That's right. He said here his word you are made clean by the word which I have spoken unto you. Abide in me and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide in the vine. No more can you except ye abide in me. I am the vine, ye are the branches. He that abideth in me and I in him the same bringeth forth much fruit. For without me you can do nothing. Anybody say amen to that? Amen. That is one of my strongest conviction. I cannot do nothing. I tell my church at home, church, we can't do anything. We need Jesus. We need you. You need Jesus. Brother, you need Jesus. Sister, you need Jesus. You can't do nothing. You're not going to be successful. Whatever kind of success you think you got, you got no success. Not without Jesus. You got nothing. You can't do nothing without him. Praise his holy name. Praise the Lord. Now, see there, I get carried when I lose my place here. What is it, brother? Thank you, brother. If a man abideth not in me, he is cast forth as a branch and is withered. And men gather them and cast them into the fire and they are burned. If you abide in me and my words, now I want you to catch this one. And my word abides in you and my words abide in you. Ye shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you. I'm gonna read that one again because this is our uh this is the root of this the message tonight. If my if ye abide in me and my words abide in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you done unto you. He now verse eight. Herein is my father glorified that ye bear much fruit so shall ye be my disciples. May the Lord bless his word. You may be seated. If a man abide in me and he uh and if a man uh uh if he abide in me and my words abide in you. Now we're going to focus on that first portion here. If that if you that if we are in him and his word abides in us then at that stage now you can ask what you will. I remember years ago min ministers of God praying for people and trying to take authority under their hands and thus sayeth the Lord. Praise the Lord rise up. the person just sat there, you know, and uh they they feel like they have such authority. This type of authority does not come without Jesus. He's not going to give you that authority. Listen carefully. He's not just going to give you that authority. Now, speaking about brother Brandham's life, if anybody watched Brother Brandham's life, anytime that some great thing happened, he spoke to the bees, he spoke to the storm, he spoke to the bully, and he spoke of very different things and certain things happened. If you'll notice before it happened, the Lord usually moved upon him. When uh when he's talking about the bull, when the when he spoke to the bull, the bull went and laid down, he says, "Something happened to me. When he spoke to the storm, the storm, God spoke to him, said, "Speak." When about the squirrels, the Lord said, "Speak." It was always under the instructions of God. Amen. God, you never you don't find there's only one place, one place that I know of that the Lord said to brother Brandham, "Say what you will and it shall be And it was at a time when there was a trap in the meeting and there was a two in the balcony and they weren't doing things that were right. And the Lord said to him, "If you say blindness, it'll be blindness. If you say carry them out, they'll they'll have to carry them out." Uh, whatever you say shall be done. But he already God already knew what he was going to say. See, God already knew. And he and we find out that he had forgave the people and he said later on, "That's exactly what the Lord wanted me to do." God. Uh uh now let's go to a sister called Hattie, right? And you know that the Lord told uh brother Brandham told uh told her says, "Sister Hattie, uh you can say what you say what you'd like and it shall be done." Now she had been hearing about the squirrels that Brother Brandham had talked about. And she turned to brother Brandham. She said, "I believe that's the absolute truth." And what happened brother uh the inspiration come upon brother Brandham and she said uh or he said to her you can have what you will. Now watch her. I want you to notice watch her. She said brother Brandham what shall I ask for? She didn't reach down into her own will. She didn't take her own will. I can have whatever I want. She didn't reach. She gave it over. And she says, "Tell me." She He said, "No, the Lord has said you can have what you want. You ask. Here's your sister here. She's crippled. You can have that. You're poor. You can have money. What would you like?" She said, "The only thing that I know that I would like is the salvation of my two sons." She asked for something eternal. She didn't ask something of her own desires, personal desires. This is what God is looking for for go and that authority would not be is not going to be given over to us. You know why? Because we're too carnal. And if God is going to permit you to use it, it's going to be under his supervision. Under his supervision. So if that's going to happen, then we just need to be a prisoner of Jesus Christ. How many say I want to be a prisoner of the Lord? Exactly true. So see people are looking for this verse of scripture to be uh to be able to ask what you will and it shall be done. How does this come about? Be a prisoner of Jesus Christ. Be a servant of God. Just submit to the Lord. Just be full of the Holy Ghost and watch what'll happen. You'll see things start falling into place. But he said here, "If you abide in me, uh, abide in me and my word abides in you." Now, everything my when I was reading these verses of scripture and I there just something about these verses, it just really struck my heart. We're going to we're going to center around this about if my word abides in you. Now first of all for his word to abide in us that means we have to open our hearts to permit the word to come in that's the first thing the first thing we have to have a a thought you know I would like to have that word in my heart I would like to have it I I hear it it's very precious I think I would like to have that I think I would like to carry that with me because you see if I have that with me I'm going I'm going to have to live with it. That's that I'm going to have to live with it, too. You see that when a man marries a marries a woman, he he doesn't want to marry somebody that he's doesn't want to live with it. He's hoping he's going to want to live with her. And when she marries a man, she's hoping she's going to want to live with him because hoping things don't change down the road. But they choose somebody they want to live with. And so therefore we have to open our hearts to this word. You know as a as a minister of the gospel I'll tell you it is is very difficult to reach the soul of a person. It's it's difficult. I find I cannot reach the soul to of a person. I've tried I've talked and I've talked I've given every scenario I could and the people just do not break. They do not come. They do not change. Nothing happens. It just no progress at all. But when God gets a hold of that life, God is able to reach down into that soul. That soul has to come to a place whether it's a young person, whether it's an older person. I've got one of my daughters. I I'll even say this much. It was my oldest daughter that when before she came to the Lord, I really didn't know the state that she was in. She began to tell me her life after she gave her life to the Lord. And her heart was stone cold. I mean, flat stone cold. After growing up in my household with the presence of God all around her with me and my wife praying in the home, in the preaching, in the gospel, in the in the church, she was stone cold. And I realized when she gave her life to the Lord, it was just a miracle of God that God heard my prayers and came down and spoke to her. And she made a decision to open her heart finally and to let the word come into her heart. Now, she's been serving the Lord for quite a few years. She come to the Lord about 15, 16, and now she's going to uh turn just going to be turning 39. 39. She going to be she going to hit 40. Uh she's going to hit 40 years old. So, it's been quite a few years. She loves the Lord, loves the gospel, very sweet anointing in her life with her husband and her baby. And uh so the life has changed but she had to make that decision to open her heart and let that word to come in. She had to come to a place of realizing you know I think I wouldn't mind living with that word. To open our hearts to the word you have to recognize and open your heart to it. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now once the word comes in, now the scriptures tell us uh uh it tells us in uh that's in Luke chapter 8. Uh it tells us about different types of ground. It talks about rocky ground, thorny ground, and good ground. And rocky ground, you know, that they that there's no soil there for it to take root. And the thorny ground, the thorns come up and choke it out. And so therefore the the seed that is planted in rocky ground and thorny ground it doesn't abide. In other words the word abide means to remain. It means to remain to stay. And he said if my word abides if it remains. Amen. It can't be put out. Oh brother it wouldn't be put out. Well no wait a minute. Amen. it the the the the seed was planted on rocky ground. It was planted on rocky ground. It was planted in thorny ground and it didn't prosper. You see? Amen. It died out. But it has to abide. Amen. Is your heart good soil? Is it good soil? Will it abide? And that kind of depends on your decision. Do you want it to abide? If you wanted to abide, then you're going to talk to him. Lord, please see how' that song go. Uh uh uh uh. Take not thy holy spirit from me. Would you know that song or what? Anybody know the name of that song? Uh said take in me a clean heart. Thank you very much. Amen. I I love that song. I I love that song because I sing that from my heart. Please, Lord, take not thy holy spirit for but brother, you're sealed from the day uh day of death. Well, I know that. I believe that. That's not a problem in my life. I'm talking to my husband. I'm talking to my Lord. I I don't ever want you to leave me. I want to be with you for eternity. Take not your Holy Spirit from me. I want you to remain with me. Stay with me, Lord. Well, brother, is that a right kind of prayer? Is one of the best prayers you can pray. One of the best prayers you can pray. God, please stay with me. Amen. Just lay before God. If you find you're in your private time, just lay there before God. Lord, Lord, I want you to stay with me. I love you, Lord. I don't ever want to be separated from you, Lord. I don't ever want to be separated from you. Amen. and you'll find out what God will do. See, abide if my word abides. So many come and they hear the word. It's planted there. It drops into their heart and but it don't remain. He said if it abides in you, it abides into you. And so therefore, if it's going to abide, now here we're going going a little step further. That means you're going to be comfortable with that that that word being there. Amen. You're not going to be troubled, right? Amen. That means you're going to have rest. That means we're going to have rest in that word. Amen. I remember when the Lord was dealing with me about this, I was in prayer and I was praying to the Lord. Lord, I have found rest in your word. I found rest in your word. Lord, if there's ever a time I've ever found rest, I have found rest in your word. I have found rest. I was praying that over and over and over and over and over. Amen. It just such an impact on my heart. Lord, your word is in me and it's not just something it was forced upon me. I opened my heart and I let it come in. And now, Lord, I have found such a rest with your word being there. I don't know about other people but me I have found a rest being in your word being in my heart too. Amen. You remember you remember that this morning that uh Naomi had said to her two daughters and daughter-in-laws said if you can find rest if you can find rest here you go right ahead. But I can't find any rest here but I know where there's rest. Yes. Amen. And that's where I'm going. Glory to God. So, here is we have to be able to find rest with the word of God in our hearts. Oh, I to me I just want to stop right there. Just Yes, Lord. That's exactly what I have. That's exactly what I want to. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Let's go to uh uh Galatians chapter 4. Galatians chapter 4. We're going to take one verse here. Galatians chapter 4 and verse 19. Paul is speaking here and he said, "My little children of whom I travail in birth again until Christ be formed in you. I am travailing again, weeping, praying. I'm travailing again. And I'm going to continue to travail until Christ is formed in you." Now the word Christ doesn't mean Jesus. It means anointing. And he said until Christ until that anointing is formed in you in you. And he what he's saying here is the most important thing is that that anointing is inside of you. You see that that anointing is life itself. That that word as I as I mentioned this morning is that Jesus was talking to the Pharisees and he told them search the scriptures. Search the word. You have the word but you see he was the word but he was the living word. They felt they had eternal life but eternal life was standing in front of them and they couldn't recognize it. What they needed is what stood in front of them. You see? And so therefore many have the word of God but many have the word of God but there's something greater something greater than the word of God. Are you catching it? Amen. I hope I'm not feeling like I'm getting too off. Brother, there's something greater than the word. Yes, there is. Amen. It's Christ himself. Amen. Glory to God. Follow us along. Now, in the in the in the tabernacle, if if we come into the holy place, many people come into a holy place today. They come into the holy place. They're walking in the in the holy place. They're they're standing in the light of the lamp. Here's the bread over here, the table of showbread. Oh my. Praise the Lord. We're eating the message today. How wonderful this message is. Look at the light of the lamp of this day. The light is shining. Praise the Lord. We've got prayers that are going up the altars of incense. We're praying. People are praying everything wonderful. Glory to God. We're in a holy place today. We're in the uh standing before the presence of God. Uh but my brother, there's something greater. What? What are you talking about? There's something greater than being here in a holy in a holy place and eating the word of God and standing in the light of this day. You're telling me there's something greater? Yes. Amen. And you got to go beyond the veil to get it. There's something greater. There's one thing about this bread sitting here on this table. It gets old and it has to be replaced. And even when they replace it, when they replace it, they don't take it out and then bring something new in. They have to bring something new and they have to swap it. They have to make sure it's fresh bread put. But what's there gets old. But beyond that curtain, you know, here in the holy place, in the holy place, there's shadows. There's shadows because you're in the light of this lamp. And as you walk and there there's shadows that are are here in the room, but when you get beyond that curtain, there's no shadows. In this day, in the in the ranks of the people that say that they believe the gospel of this hour, it would be hard to tell them that there's something greater than what you got. They don't want to hear it. They absolutely don't want to hear it. But I am convinced that there is something greater. That's the reason why. And I I can Well, brother, show me show me a quote. You Well, I I prefer going to the Bible. But you want to quote, I'll give you a whole sermon. Brother Brandham said, "There's one greater than Solomon here." Amen. I'll give you a whole sermon. Amen. One greater than Solomon, one greater than Brother Brandham, one greater than any man. It's Jesus Christ that walks amongst us. Amen. He said another sermon, he you have Jesus on your hand. What will you do this man with this man that is called Jesus the Christ? quotes. I give you a whole sermon. There's something greater. And that's what my my God has put in my heart. Randy, that's what you want to strive for. You don't want to strive for this here. You want to strive for that. That's what you want. And I will tell you, every devil in hell is going to try to stop you from getting that. Amen. Exactly right. Praise his holy name. Amen. When they were, you find that and they were in the upper room. Amen. You know Jesus was saying, "If my word abides in you," when they were in the upper room, they stayed in the upper room for 10 days. You know why? Because that word, that promise stayed in their heart. We are here because of something he said. He said, "Terry in Jerusalem until Amen." So they held this word home. Amen. I'm taking this slowly. I'm taking this step by step. So just to make sure you catch everything that we're talking about here. I don't want to go too fast on you. There just too much that is here that uh it is able very easy to confuse the mind but here they are they have this word in their heart and before it was just a word a word te go ye and tear in Jerusalem and you'll be endued from uh with power from on high oh well all right you know uh and so they there was only just a handful of disciples and they they must have spread the word they must have been doing some testifying because there's now 120 money that are up there. And so there must have been unbelief on the first day and the second day and the third day and the fourth day, fifth day because when it come down to the 10th day, the Bible says when they come into one mind and one accord. In other words, they all they all concluded the whole church concluded I want this promise fulfilled in me. Amen. God fulfilled that. I want that power. I want that life. Come down. Send that glory that you're talking about, God. I want that glory. Now, before it was just a word, but that word be to change. Look, they had their eyes on that promise. The Bible tells us that they Jesus had taken Peter, James, and John to Mount Transfiguration. And they were standing there looking at the word, Jesus. They were looking at the word and they kept staring at the word, but the word changed. It changed. That stone that the builders rejected changed and it became the white stone. Do you remember Junior Jackson's dream? Like I say, I don't want to go too far. I hope I don't know how much I know he's taught you well, but there's things that Yeah, I just don't want to go too too much for you, but the thing Junior Jackson's dream, Junior Jackson dream, brother Brandham mentioned this dream how that there was a mountain. The mountain was opened up and in the top of the mountain uh was a white stone and people talk about this white stone. What is this white stone? I'll tell you what the white stone is. It's Jesus. Yes. And in the vision, he said, Brother Benham told the people, "Keep your eyes on this." Amen. Here's the mountain. Amen. And the mountain been broken open. Amen. And the white stone is laying there in the mountain. And he said, "The light has not shone on this before. Keep your eyes on this." Peter, James, and John, they are standing there at the top of the mountain and watching Jesus, the stone that been rejected, and it turns into the white stone. When you keep your eyes on the word, something begins to happen. It begins to change. That's what they did in the upper room. They had their eyes on that word that had been in their heart, that dropped into their heart, and the word changed. Hallelujah. It changed from just a a message, just words in their heart. It changed and there come a sound of a rushing mighty wind. Hallelujah. And tongues of fire settled upon them and filled them all with the Holy Ghost. Amen. It's no longer just a word. Something living that dropped down into their hearts. Amen. Now Peter comes out. Amen. First it was just a message. Amen. Go and tar in Jerusalem. Hallelujah. And you'll be doomed with power from on high. And now here comes all these thousands of people heard about this commotion. They come and gather around and they start criticizing. These a bunch of drunks. And Peter said, "These are not drunk." But then Peter caught it. This is that which was prophesied. This is that which was prophesied. Repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ and you shall receive the same gift. Amen. Amen. Come God's provided way and you'll get the same gift. Amen. Hallelujah. See, they had their eyes on that word that dropped into their heart and that word abode abided in their heart and eventually it changed. Oh brother, I'm having such difficulties. I just don't know what to do. You know, the trials of life have just given me so much problem. Well, have you gotten you gotten away from the Lord? Have you gotten away from Israel? Have you gone into the land of Moab? Have you got a lot of problems? Like Naomi lost her husband. She lost her children. Now she's miserable. Now you feel like you want to get back to God, don't you? Yeah, brother. I just miserable. I don't know what to do. Do you feel a tug in your heart that you need God? Oh, yeah, brother. I need Well, you better follow it cuz that's your only hope. Amen. Follow that tug. God's trying to pull you back to himself. Glory to God. Hallelujah. It was a word. It was a word that dropped into their hearts. You see, this is what this message is. This message is a word. Most of them have received a word. But there are some that that word has changed on them. It's changed. Hallelujah. There's a verse of scripture, I believe it's in uh in the Songs of Solomon, if I'm not mistaken. Anyway, it it says there, I I I see my beloved behind the lattice. You know the verse, you know, lattice means something is woven together. Amen. And you know, if you have lattice and somebody is behind the lattice and they just stand there and don't move, it's very difficult. Is there somebody there? What is that? They just kind of blend in. But let that person start moving. I'm a I'm a hunter. Not a great hunter, but I am a hunter. And I I go deer hunting. And one thing that'll catch my eye is movement. And I'm out out in the woods and I'm watching out there. And if that deer is standing still, it it's hard to see him. But once he moves, got you. You see? And it says, "I see my beloved behind the lattice." My beloved, I see my beloved behind the lattice. The lattice is the scriptures that are woven together. Are woven together. And God helps us. Oh, I see you moving here. God's moving. God's moving, brother. I see God. God's moving, brother. You see? Amen. Hallelujah. The word changed. This message I I can say for myself, this message of this day has changed for me. It's changed. Why? Cuz I see God moving. My God is moving and doing something wonderful in this day. He did something wonderful in the days of brother Brandham. But I'm going to be open. That day is gone. It's gone by. God's doing something today. Amen. I'm not pushing that off to the side. I'm not burying that. I am so happy. I thank God every day that God sent that brother, that that man dedicated his life to the Lord. I love that man so much. One day I'm going to throw my arms around him and say, "God bless you, my brother." Amen. You helped me so much. You done so much for me. I know you've done many much for uh other people, but for me, brother, you've done so much for without you, I don't know where I would be. He was saying, brother, God used you. I know it was God in you, but it was you. You were the vessel. When you were going to go to the mountains, you were going to leave. God stopped you because of me. Amen. You were going to leave and go to the mountain. You say, "Lord, they call me a prophet. I'll just go into the mountain and I'll stay there." And the Lord rebuked you and said, "You can't do that. You're more than a prophet." And God sent you back for me. Amen. You were the tool that God was using that was knocking at the door. The Bible said, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock." You were the tool. You were the hammer that was knocking at the age. Amen. And God sent you back for me. Cuz at that time, I was not saved. God sent you back for me. Amen. Amen. This word has changed. It's not just word. It's a living resurrected Jesus Christ. Amen. I am convinced that this message is supernatural. It's not the message of a man. It's the message of God himself. Amen. Amen. People today, people today, they're going and getting their confirmation. and they're going and looking on the internet and seeing uh uh seeing this this site called Believe the Sign. Let me tell you something. I don't care who hears this. I'm bold enough. That site is from the pits of hell. The the the audacity of believers to go to the internet to the tree of knowledge of good and evil. It has evil. It has good. Yes, it has good. And go there and to find out their revelation of what's right and wrong. Go into the tree of knowledge and walk away and say, "I know the truth." You don't know the truth. You are deceived. You fell under the under that spirit. Amen. Amen. You were deceived. There's only one way you get the revelation. Hallelujah. God holds that right. Amen. When he, the Spirit of truth, has come, he will lead you and guide you in all truth and righteousness. Not the internet. That's the most foolish. I don't use this word in the pulpit too much, but that's the most stupidest thing. That's the only word. Sorry, brother. That's the only word. It's the dumbest thing that I've ever heard. Hallelujah. But it has to come because there comes a great falling away. The Amen. The church is being shaken. He said, "I'll shake the heavens and the earth." Everything is being shaken. And those that are grounded will stand. Amen. They're going to stand. Amen. By the grace of God, I hope that I'm one of them. I want to be one of those. Hallelujah. And the only way we can do it is by the Holy Ghost. Amen. He gives us strength. Amen. The audacity. Amen. Christ that anointed. St. Paul, let's not get away from it. St. Paul said, "I travail in birth until Amen. Christ be formed in you." Until that anointing be formed in you. That's what happened on the day of Pentecost. They had a word. A word. And that word created. Amen. Amen. Formed. I'm going to say it that word. Formed Christ an anointing in them. Amen. Hallelujah. Remember, we're still dealing with if my word abide in you. Amen. That word has power. Amen. It has power. It will do things, but it's got to stay there. It's got to stay there. Hallelujah. Well, brother, I I know it's going to stay in me. You're already on the wrong track. You're already on the wrong track. We don't know nothing. We are just the We are just the what could We're just the battlefield. This what this here is the battlefield. God is fighting fighting Satan. Powers of darkness fighting the powers of light. And this is the battleground right here. And we have we're either going to fall under one of either influence either under the influence of God or under the influence of Satan. And for us to personally rise up, oh well, that's not going to happen to me. You're already going down the wrong track. Satan's already working his little thing. He's going to take you off. But that true believer, I I know I preached a message at home. I won't go into all of this, but I know I preached a message at home about maturity. People think that maturity is becoming independent and that you can take care of your business and handle life and all of these kind of things. But it is complete opposite in Christ. Maturity is to become dependent. And the more mature you become, the more dependent you become. Hallelujah. Brother, you sound like a pretty weak Christian. You can't do nothing. I can't do nothing. I'm I'm useless. I'm a waste. What kind of a Christian are you supposed to be strong with power? Uh-uh. Not me, but my king is. My king. My my. Let's go to Genesis chapter 8. What you may not be aware of is I've got five sermons wrapped up in this one one message tonight. Five sermons. They uh Lord dealt with me on a segment and then dealt with me on another segment and this thing just kept unfolding and unfolding and I come here and now you're going you get to have it all in one shot blending and blending it together. Glory to God. uh Genesis chapter 8 and reading in verse number four. Again, let's let's absorb. Let's not just read it. Just let's absorb it. Verse four. And the ark rested. We have that rested again. When did it come to rest? On the seventh day. Rested on it. It was uh in turmoil on for six days or or uh seventh month, excuse me. And uh we find out that uh for 6 months it it had been at uh turmoil and more and but here on the seventh month it rested and at the 17th day of the month upon the mountains of Aat and the waters decreased continually until the 10th month in the uh the the uh 10th month and the first day of the uh the month were the uh tops of the mountain seen. And it came to pass at the end of 40 days that uh Noah opened the window of the ark which he had made. And he sent forth a raven which uh went forth to and fro uh until the waters were dried up uh from from off the earth. Also he sent forth a dove from from him to see if the waters were abaded from off the face of the ground. But the dove found no rest. Catch that. But the dove found no rest for the soul of her foot. And she returned unto him in the ark. For the waters were in the uh were on the face of the whole earth. Then he put forth his hand and took her and pulled her in unto him, pulled uh and took his her and pulled her in unto him uh into the ark. And he stayed yet uh another seven days. And again he sent forth the dove out of the ark. And the dove came in uh uh to him uh in the evening, and lo in her month uh was an olive leaf uh plucked off. Uh so Noah knew that the waters were abaded from off the earth and he stayed yet uh other seven days and sent forth the dove which returned not again unto him uh anymore. Now as we're looking here, we see that that uh Noah had come to a place and found that it's time for this to be over with. And so he opens up the ark and he sends forth the raven. The raven does not return. The scriptures tell us here he sent forth a dove and the dove could not find rest for his feet. So in other words, the dove when he was out there, the dove itself was looking for rest. Now, like I've taught the people at home, no matter where we read the the in the scriptures, uh God has parables that are there that are trying to get us to understand the character of God, the purpose of God, uh the will of God for our lives. Uh uh so many things that God is desiring us to understand. But it's the the question is who is it that is able to read the book and to understand what is going on here? So now we see here that the Bible says that the dove was looking to uh to find rest and could not find rest. So therefore that raven let's back up. The raven did not come back. Why? Because he found rest out there. He found rest. He found contentment out there. He found contentment. And uh he was there with Noah. He was there with Noah. And uh he was there in the ark that God had provided. Amen. God had provided. God told Noah how to do it. God had provided an ark of safety. And so therefore, that raven had been there with Noah, with the word of God, with the with the within the ark ark of God. And when he left wasn't interested in coming back. But now that dove when she left, she went left and went out and she was looking for rest. And I was reading a message and I believe it's I believe it's the marriage of the lamb. I've got it wrote down if I need to find it. But uh anyway, brother Brandon was saying he said when Noah he said Noah turned out the the the dove and when I read that I seen our lives how many times because you know the the Bible tells us that the dove descended the spirit of God descended out of heaven like a dove and came and rested upon the lamb. The the dove represents the Holy Spirit and he turned out the dove. He sent the dove away. And I seen that and I thought, how many times have we turned out the Holy Spirit? How many times, you know, just I I'm not asking for a show of hands. I just want you to be honest with yourself. Be honest with yourself. I'm guilty. I'll be the first one. I I'm guilty. I I've turned him away. And I tried to do it myself. I turned him away. Instead of turning to him and just relying on him, I try to do it myself. I've turned him away. And he and and brother Brandham said he turned him out and he went out and he was looking for rest out here. And the Bible says he could not find any rest, but he remembered where he had rest and went back to that place. And how many times has the Holy Spirit come back to you over and over and over? Revelation says in a little bit different words, I stand at the door and knock. Why is he out there? Because he's been put out. But he comes back again. He's come back to me. Why? Because he found rest in me. Jehovah God found rest in you. You, excuse me, you wretched soul. Me, this wretched soul. God found rest in you, God. How could you find rest in this poor wretched soul? Cuz I know I'm not much of anything. But Lord, you come back to me again. Again. Why do you come back to me, Lord? Why do you come back to me, Jesus? Amen. It's because he finds rest that is there. It's not you as a person. It's that word that is in you. Amen. Brother Brennham is talking about that dove. He says and the and the lamb. He says if that lamb would have just showed just the least little signs of a wolf, he would have left that lamb in just a moment's time. He would have taken its flight. But he came to the lamb because of the nature of the lamb. He begin to talk about the nature of the lamb and how that you can tie him up and you can take him to the slaughter and he will not open up in his mouth. And while he's talking, I begin to think about the scriptures and Jesus, they beat him and he opened not his mouth. Why? Because he was a lamb. They spit on him. He opened not his mouth. Why? Because he was a lamb. Amen. They plucked his beard. He opened not his mouth. Why? Because he was a lamb. They crowned him with thorns. He opened not his mouth. Why? Because he was a lamb. They nailed him to the cross. He opened not his mouth. Because he was a lamb. They put nails in his feet. He opened not his mouth. Why? Because he was a lamb. They beat him on the back. They He opened not his mouth. Why? Because he's a lamb. Hallelujah. And we say we're children of God. Come on. Say, we say we're children of God. We are his offspring. Sheep. Sheep does not bear goats. Lamb do not bear goats. They bear sheep. We should be in a place we should not open up our mouth and just say, "Oh lamb of God, God, I need you." How many times we will rise up in oursel, take things under our own control, open our mouths where we should not open up our mouth, do things that we should not do, and still the lamb comes back. He finds rest in us. the mercies, the compassion of Almighty God upon these poor, wretched souls. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. I don't know how anybody can serve God and stand before him and said, "Praise the Lord. I love you, Jesus." Just in that fashion. Hallelujah. And when my my service and my walk with God, God has taught me how what I am. The Bible tells us, Amen. Never forget where you come from. He taught Israel, never forget where you come from. I was lost. I was a wretched sinner and I still dwell in this bold, rotten body that I have. Hallelujah. And the Holy Ghost still comes to me over and over and over. I cannot help looking at myself. You poor, wretched, demented thing. Amen. God loves you with all of his being. He redeemed me before the foundations of the world. Thank God for the blood. Thank God for his mercy. Thank God for his compassion. Hallelujah. He keeps coming back to me over and over and over. God, why do you come back to me? Amen. I use myself for an example. God, why do you come back to me? Why, Randy? It's cuz you love my word, oh Lord. That's the truth, God. That's the truth, Lord. I love this word. That's why I keep coming back to you. That's the quality that I'm looking for. I need somebody that loves my word and will hold on to my word and continue to believe my word. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm not looking for perfection in the flesh. I'm looking for somebody that will cling to my word. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. The that dove came back. That dove came back. That dove came back. Amen. And Noah went out there, seen she was coming back. And the Bible says he stretched out his hand and took her in. Put yourself in there, reached out and took her home. I'm so happy that you came back. I'm so happy you come back to me. I'm so happy that you're here. I've missed you so much. Amen. A time came again. Time came again. Turned her out again. Sent her out. Amen. She still couldn't find any rest out there. But this time when she came back, she came came with an olive leaf. Now she came with an olive leaf. She had been abiding with him. That word had been abiding with him. He put her out. Amen. And she came back again. She came with an olive leaf. Now, if you know that know the know the gospel that the leaf means fellowship. Fellowship. Where'd that leaf come from? Uh an olive tree. Oil. The Holy Ghost. He brought fellowship with the Holy Ghost. Jesus, you watch when he came down. He came into Jerusalem while riding on a on a donkey. He came from the Mount of Olives. He the oil come flowing down from the Mount of Olives and came into Jerusalem. Hallelujah. So here it is that this dove come and brings. Now I'm going to give you now I'm going to permit that you have fellowship. I'm going to give you fellowship with the olive tree. Amen. Keep holding on to that word that's on the inside. Amen. And you find that the Holy Ghost comes to you. You might turn him, turn him out, but eventually you're going to keep having these experiences until you're going to find out it's going to turn into a fellowship with Almighty God that will never change. Because the third time that the dove was sent out, Amen. the third time he was sent out, the dove did not come back, but he didn't need to come back. Noah still had that leaf. Hallelujah. Now, when you're a mature Christian, you you don't need to feel anything. You don't need to feel anything. I know my God is with me. I got fellowship with him. I don't need to see him flying into my window. Amen. I know he is here. He promised he would never leave me nor forsake me. My God is here. He lives with me. He abides in me. Amen. Hallelujah. Brother, I don't feel the Holy Ghost. I don't feel anything. Well, what you need to feel something. It's not what you feel. It's what you believe. Hallelujah. Amen. It's what we feel the power of God. Amen. It it is in what we believe. I believe this word. I know one of the times experiences I had. I was in somebody's home. Hallelujah. And uh I I just feel like I just didn't feel in a very good spiritual state. And they told me the brother told me he said, "Brother, my wife has hurt her back. Would you mind praying for her?" I said, "Praying for her? Somebody needs to pray for me? They want me to pray for her. Oh my. And so I'm put in this position. And I So when I approached her, I already knew I know what God requires. And so I went humbly. I went to her and I in my heart I said, "Lord, I come by the blood of Jesus Christ. I know that you have redeemed me and I know that you love me. And Lord, I'm coming not on the basis of my feeling, but I'm coming on the basis of your word." Hallelujah. You told me. You told me. Lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. Amen. That lady with that sister was instantly healed right there. Hallelujah. If my word abides in you. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. That word abides in us. St. Paul said, "Amen, I I travail again, amen, in birth that until Christ, Amen, be formed in you, until that word changes in you and that anointing is in your soul." Amen. That you can walk daily and say, "I know God is in me." Well, how are you so sure? Oh, I'm not even going to try to explain it to you. I'm not even going to try to explain cuz I can't explain it to you. But I do know this almighty God dwells in my heart. Amen. I've told people many times, I am not much of a Christian. I'm not much of anything. But I'll tell you what, my God loves me and my God walks with me. That I know. Hallelujah. And I have told others, I know also my my grandson who was sick and was in the hospital. we almost lost him. And I prayed and uh and I set my face toward the Lord and I said, "Lord, I have no any time that I've ever set my face to you." And I was serious about God and and made a a come to you soberly, you've always answered my prayer. And God, I I would like very much, Lord, I would like for you to be compassionate to my son and my daughter-in-law. And I I don't want to see them go through this. Please, Lord, don't don't take my grandson. raise him up, please. Would you do this for us, Lord? Please. You said if I pray that you would raise them up, what you ask, what you will shall be done. I believe it, Lord. Amen. Amen. So, what happens? He's now well. And I was, I know God answered my prayer, but I will say this. I heard that people were praying around the country. I heard there was about people in 10 different nations that were praying. I said, "Well, maybe there was a few others that he answered their prayers, too." Amen. Amen. I know I'm not the only one. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. But if my word abides in you. Hallelujah. Amen. We find out here the intellectuals have turned out the Holy Spirit. He They've turned out the dove. Amen. And and and the dove can't find any rest out here, but he doesn't want to go back there either because they're intellectuals. And that's where we end up turning out. In fact, I'm just thoughts coming to me real quickly and it's thinking, well, how are you so sure that he doesn't come back? You look at their meetings. The the meetings have died. There's no move of God there anymore. The spirit of God's gone from them because they become such intellectuals. But at times when we end up putting out the Holy Spirit, that's that's the reason why we're doing because we're getting too carnal minded. Now you caught it. Hey, we're getting too carnal minded and it ends up put it squeezes him out. That's why he's on the outside of the church there in Revelations 3 knocking because the intellectuals have put him out and that's what kind of squeezes squeezes him out of our lives. But because we are his beloved, because we are the predestinate, he comes back. He says, you know, you know, you can do nothing without me. And that word starts talking. Oh Lord, Lord, that's absolutely right. I'm sorry, Lord. I'm sorry. And here he comes. Here he comes. Oh my Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. He returns back to the the the believer. Amen. St. Paul St. Paul is speaking so much there. That anointing being formed in you. You see what happens with that word as you take that word. Do you know that the Bible says it says that when the Holy Spirit comes or when the spirit of truth has come, he'll bring all things to your remembrance. You remember that remembrance that means you have to be introduced to something for give to give him something to work with. People today, they're not reading their Bible. They're especially not listening or reading the message and they're not and they don't know what's right and wrong. And so when the Lord comes to move in their life that he has nothing to work with because the Bible says he'll bring all things to your remembrance. Now, I must say that for many years, I I've given myself to studying the message, studying my Bible, and I have found when the Holy Spirit comes, all of a sudden things start going click, click, click, click. It just starts making sense. Anybody know what I'm talking about? Things start coming together, and it starts making sense. It starts making sense. It's like those two on we spoke about those two on the road to ash. All the preaching is going on. All the doctrines that are going on and and the followings that ministries have. And I see this in the scriptures and I see that Jesus himself, the very lamb of God, the very son of God, the begotten of God, talking to these men and their eyes don't open. How is it that these other men these ministries over here are going to open their eye? Open other people's eyes. These people are running after these ministries. What do they see in this man? I don't I'm not seeing anything there. When I see look at brother Bannon's ministry, I see life. You know what? You know what I see? I I see it here. I I I'll give you this. When Nicodemus came to Jesus, Nicodemus said to Jesus, "We know you're a teacher sent from God because no man that can do the do these miracles unless he be from God." Then therefore, the miracles that he performed was evidence he's a teacher. What the Bible, those miracles he performed were evidence he's teacher. What about today? You look at brother Brandon's life, the dead were raised, blind eyes were opened, deaf ears were opened. We find that lepers were healed. So many things uh were prophesied had had come to pass. We were told even uh in uh uh in the world, things that would take place, they they've come to pass. We were told that the cars would be one of them cars would become more like eggs. And we look around, it's everywhere. It's all around us. We see one thing after another after another after another that has come to pass. What is that evidence? He is a teacher. He's a teacher. And these others are rising up. People are running after that and they're coming with these strange doctrine. I'm thinking, where is the evidence? Where is the evidence that this doctrine is correct? Well, brother Randy, what makes you think your doctrine is correct? My doctrine is not correct, but this is correct. Amen. This is correct. Tonight I've said nothing except what was here in the scriptures. If my word abide in you, we've discussed that. If that word is going to abide, you have to find rest in that word. Amen. People are not finding rest in the word. That's what the problem with their life. You see? Amen. When we come down to the Old Testament, we get to the book of Malachi, you'll find out it's saying there, what do we profit by all of these ordinances? What do we profit by what God has done? We don't see anything. There's no profit in it. That's what they came to at the end of the Old Testament. And that's what it's coming to today. What do we profit by all of this? They're look, they've got itching ears. They want to see something new. Hallelujah. But my friend, Amen. Hallelujah. I find out the old gospel, Amen, that was given to us. Hallelujah. The original gospel that was given and has dropped into my heart. I've sat and I've watched it. I've let it lay in my heart. And brother, it has done something to me. You've seen what that word did to you this morning. Amen. You see what it's doing to you tonight? Anybody sense the Holy Ghost moving in the church here tonight? I'm going to ask you again. Many of you reluctant to lift your hand. I am a firm believer of participation, but I want an honest answer. How many sense the Holy Ghost being here tonight, too? Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. An honest answer. Glory to God. I'm not trying to trying to build up anything for myself. The only thing is I'm trying to say my friend in this day the word is not abiding in people's heart. I'm find I'm hearing people are falling away from the gospel here, there, here, there. Brother Brandham does not fulfill this portion of scripture. He doesn't fulfill that portion of the scripture. This one's falling away. That one's falling away. I said, "What's happening? What's going on to me? This is getting clearer and clearer and clearer and clearer and clearer. Amen. I just find out how much more we need of God. I said this morning and I and I still feel it anytime I get to talking about it. Those 200,000,000 horsemen that Amen. that are let loose on the face of the earth. Friends, we don't have a chance. It just told me I be brother Isaiah. I need God. I need God. I don't have a chance without the Holy Ghost. We're in a very terrible age, but it's a very wonderful age. My friend, my friend, you know when God called Abraham out of Caldes, you know where God called him to? Sure. The promised land. Sure. That's right. He called him to the promised land. But where did he call call him to? Do you know that God called Abraham to a place where Sodom is present? Led him that long journey takes him right to where Sodom is at. Lord, why? Why did you take him to this place? You could have led him to any place in the land, but you led him to Sodom. Why did you lead him to Sodom? You could have led him anywhere. And I was pondering the scriptures and the Holy Spirit spoke to me in just that little quiet voice cuz that's where I chose to reveal myself unto my servants. That's why we are in this day and it is a Sodom age because this is the day of the unveiling of God. This is the day that God is making himself known unto his people. And he's here, right here in our midst. Making himself known, stepping from behind the veil, showing his character unto us. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Lord, Amen. Let's go out here. Let's go out here and open up the door. There's Sodom everywhere. It's a wicked world. Hallelujah. But this is the day the Lord has made and I will rejoice and be glad in it because our King has stepped from behind the veil. And he's come to you, sister. He's come to you, sister. Come to you, brother. He's come to me. He's come to each one of us to make himself known. Let's just stand to our feet right now. Hallelujah. You're standing in the presence of almighty God. He's come to you. He's come to reveal himself to you. Hallelujah. And make himself known. Lift your hands and give him praise. Thank God that he loves you. Thank God that the Holy Spirit has come to you again, again, again, again, again, again. He loves you so much. Oh, glory. Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Praise his holy name. Praise the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory. Glory to the name of the Lord. Glory to the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. My God, my savior. My Jesus. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. If my word abide in you. Hallelujah. If my word abide in you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. His word abiding in you until Christ be formed in you. God, I love your word. I have found rest in your word. I appreciate your word. Thank you, God, for your word. Thank you for what you've done for me, Lord. Praise your wonderful name. Thank you, Lord. Praise your wonderful name. Glory to the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise his holy name. Praise his holy name. Praise his name. Glory to God. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise his name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord, Jesus. Praise the Lord, Jesus. Praise the Lord. That dove is here right now. He's flying in your window. He's flying into your heart right now. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. My God is real. Real in my soul. My God is real. For he has cleansed and made me whole. His love for me is like pure gold. My God is real for I can feel him in my soul. My God is real. Real in my soul. My God is real for he has cleansed and made me whole. His love for me is like pure gold. My God is real for I can feel him in my soul. My friend tonight. Amen. Do you find tonight that you have rest in the word of God? Is your rest in the world or is it in the word of God? Hallelujah. He is looking for people that have rest in him. Is there a soul that would like to re lift your hand tonight and to and say, "Lord, remember me, God, it's me." Hallelujah. I find rest in your in your word. Would you like to just lift your hand tonight? Hallelujah. We'll pray for you. Glory to God. God bless you. I will lift my hand tonight. Uh glory to God, dear heavenly father. Their hands are lifted this evening, Lord Jesus. Uh hallelujah, as a testimony, Lord God, that they want that word to abide in them, Lord. May it never drift away. Hallelujah. Lord God, Jesus, may you continue to have your way in their hearts and lives and that you would forgive us of our failures. Forgive us for turning you away, Lord. Forgive us, Lord Jesus, for putting you out. Heavenly Father, remember that we are flesh and I pray, Lord God, that you'll have compassion upon your people. May you come, Lord God, and fill our hearts. May that word change into power and glory. May it not be just a teaching. May it not be just a word, but may it be life eternal. Hallelujah. Glory to your name. I pray that you'd look upon every sister, upon every brother here tonight, Lord God, that they are marching marching before you. I pray father God that you would just watch over them and keep them and guide them and strengthen them. Give them wisdom Lord and fill their heart with the revelation of Jesus Christ. I love you Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah Lord God. Forgive us of our sins. Uh forgive us of our failures. Uh forgive us of our weaknesses. Forgive us of everything that we are Lord. Hallelujah. We commit ourselves to thee. We praise thee Lord. We praise you Jesus. We praise you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. I want to live the way wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. I could never never out love my Lord. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. I could never never out love my Lord. We're going to sing this again tonight. And if you've got uh you've got some prayer request, you got on your heart, if you're sick and body, I want to tell you something about my Lord. My Lord is still the same today. He has not changed. He still heals the sick. He still uh does things but you uh beyond what you can even imagine. If you got some financial problem, you got some situation with a family or whatever that it might be, God is able to deal with these matters. Praise his holy name. Amen. If not, then God bless you. Praise the Lord. Let's press on toward the mark of the high calling. We're going to sing this again to the Lord. And if you would like, I'm going to give you this opportunity to come and stand here and we'll pray for you. Amen. Amen. And I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. My daughter, 33, prodical child, just came home yesterday.
