################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2014-04-13 - Enforcing The Claims Of God - 2014 04 06m - Doug Baker - Doug Baker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2014-04-13
Title:   Enforcing The Claims Of God - 2014 04 06m - Doug Baker
Speaker: Doug Baker
Church:  Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yPAX-d62R-A
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
Enforcing The Claims Of God
Doug Baker
Recorded - 2014 04 06m
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
together. Amen. So, if you'd stand, we'd like to get into the word. And um it just hit me when I was back there in the office um that today's April 6. And it was in April 6 of 1909 that our messenger was brought to the earth. So, it's been 105 years now, I guess. Actually, the message didn't sound until about 51 years ago. you know, it's a the the messenger always comes at the end of the age and the message. And anyway, we're we're so grateful for what God is has done and is doing in our our day. I'd like to read from uh a portion of scripture. Now, I don't have uh anything uh you know, some deep mystery. My my desire is to just to put my shoulder behind what's already been taught, what you already know. But if I can stir it up and remind you and cause you to step out with it, well, you know, we'll be content. We'll be we'll feel like we've we've uh done the will of the Lord. So, I'd like to read from Psalms chapter 23, verses 1-6. Very familiar scripture. Uh but I trust that it'll be spiritual food in due season. Actually, the Lord put this thought in my heart a couple of weeks ago, and so we just uh want to be faithful. A Psalm of David. The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. That means I shall not be without anything. It doesn't mean you won't have a desire. It just means that he's not going to leave you wanting. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures. He leadeth me beside the still waters. Now, this is a man after God's own heart that doesn't have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. He's a man under the blood of bulls and goats. What about the offspring of God this morning? He restoth my soul. He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake. He's leading me for his name's sake. Yay, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death. Now, friends, that's what we're doing right now. We're living in a shadow realm. We're we're stepping into that bright light. We're coming into the fullness, but we've been walking in the shadow of death. Not for long, though. Amen. I will fear no evil. Amen. For thou art with me. Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me. Friends, his rod and his staff is not to beat you. It's not to condemn you. It's not to run you into the ground. It's to comfort you. Amen. Hallelujah. Thou preparest the table. I heard brother uh uh Isaac this morning saying, "Lord, you've got a table for us." And thou preparest a table before me. We've got a message called the table. In the presence of mine enemies, thou anointest my head with oil. The Holy Spirit, my cup runth over. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, whether I perceive it or not, it shall follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Kind heavenly father, we're just so grateful to be gathered together, Lord, in the with those of like precious faith. And father, we know that there's no coincidences. We know that you've been guiding our footsteps. And father, you've been doing a work here and you brought a gift into this area, Lord, because you knew that there were thoughts that you had planted. You knew what time and season they'd be planted, what bed they'd be planted here in Iowa, Lord, in De Moine and in the in the area, Lord. And so, you sent a ministering gift. You gave gifts unto men. You send a ministering gift, Lord, to minister to your people, to edify them, to encourage, to strengthen, to lift them up, to show them who they are, Father, to bring them into that that that relationship with you and uh bring you to a maturity, oh God, Father, and it's you working through your ministry. We believe that with all of our heart. And a minister is a servant. So, thank you for your servant, oh God. But, Father, you got many servants here this morning. And Father, the fact of the matter is anyone that's part of your body is a servant. We've all been sent to to serve in one capacity or another. But Father, we're trusting in you this morning. We we we ask Lord that if we've done anything that's displeasing that you just forgive us, Lord. You know, our thoughts, our our hearts, our motives, and we make mistakes, Lord. We do things that that we don't want to do sometimes and it's not our our goal, but but Father, we we we place it in your hands this morning. Father, we ask you to just uh just Father, wipe it away. forgive us. And Lord, as we come into your presence, Father, as your word goes forth, may may the supernatural take place this morning. Father, may we be set free. May we may you be exalted, Lord. May you have the preeminence in this this local body, Lord, that you've placed here in this portion of the country. Bless my brothers, my sisters, Lord. I don't know what their needs are, but but you are a prayer answering God. You are still Jehovah Gyra this morning. You are the provider of all of our needs. So we look to you this morning, Lord. We surrender to you. And Father, we ask that you would receive all the honor and all the glory and have the preeminence in this local body this morning, Lord. Father, lift them up. Encourage and strengthen them as their light shining in this dark hour. You place these evening lights here, Lord, to shine. Father, bless and encourage. We pray. We love you and we thank you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. If you want to just keep your Bibles handy, we're going to read a couple of scriptures here this morning if you don't mind. And going to read from our messengers quote book, the Bible. I'd like to read from Psalms chapter 24. First of all, we're going to title the thought here this morning, enforcing the claims of of God. Not enforcing our claims, but enforcing his claims. Enforcing the claims of God. Psalms chapter 24 and verse 7. Lift up your heads, oh you gates, and be ye lift up, ye everlasting doors. The King of glory shall come in. Amen. Who is the King of glory? Oh, I just want to brag about him this morning. Amen. I just want to talk about him. I just want to recognize him for who he is. Who is the King of glory? The Lord strong and mighty. The Lord mighty in battle. You know, I almost feel sorry for my enemy. I almost I almost do because our enemy cannot stand in in the face of our Lord who's mighty in battle. He's never lost a battle. He'll never lose a battle. He's absolutely the captain of the host. Hallelujah. The Lord strong and mighty. The Lord mighty in battle. Lift up your heads, oh ye gates. Amen. Even lift up, lift them up, ye everlasting doors, and the king of glory shall come in. Not he might or maybe he shall come in. Who is this king of glory? The Lord of hosts. He is the king of glory. Sah. Now, I'd like to take you to a rapture message here for just a moment. We're gonna we'll start out with the first scripture and maybe we'll pick up on this here in a a little bit. Psalm chapter 27 and verse one. Now, brother Brandham took this this uh uh uh Psalm 27. It's the only place that he ever referred to it in the message and it was in the message the rapture preached right at the end of his message. Didn't really refer to it much, but he took this as his text. So, we're g by by God's grace, we'll touch on this a little bit this morning if the Lord will. A Psalm of David. The Lord is my light. Amen. I want somebody to say that this morning. The Lord is my light. Amen. The Lord is my light and my salvation. Amen. He's my light. He's my salvation. Whom shall I fear? Oh friends, if we ever let that if that ever strikes our heart, what am I what am I afraid of? What devil do I have to fear? I don't have to fear the falling economy. Everything the the bottom's falling out of everything. I don't have to be fearful of that. I don't have to be fearful of Ebola or cancer or anything else. What do I I don't have to be fearful of hell. Hell wasn't created for me. Hell was created for Satan and his angels. I'm a son of God. How many sons of God do we have here this morning? How many daughters of God? You're the very offspring of God. Don't fear hell. your destination. Whom shall I fear? That's a good question this morning. The Lord is the strength of my life. Of whom shall I be afraid? Of friends, isn't it interesting? Every time we ever had a visitation of an angel that had a message that was coming to the people, the very first thing they first identify who they are and then they say, "Fear not. I don't want you to be afraid. I understand why you are and this this supernatural presence and all that, but I want you to know I didn't come here to torment you. I didn't come here to to to to lord over you and to cause you to back up into a corner. I want you to know right away, get rid of all that fear. Don't you worry. So the spirit of the Lord doesn't bring fear. Hallelujah. Amen. The Lord is the strength of my life. Of whom shall I be afraid? So friends, we have been given authority that goes with the the particular position that the Lord has chosen each and every one of us to place us in in this hour. And every one of us has a place. Amen. There are no extra parts in the body and there are no useless parts. God has he this his work. He's putting it together. He said, "I'd build a church. He's been building it. He's been placing each member in there. He knew that you would be here." You've got a purpose. You're here. You make a difference. You're here for a reason. So, this is his choosing. It's not We never chose it. We didn't raise our hand and say, "I want to be this or that." This is his choosing. He's the one that makes the rules. And frankly, he can do whatever he wants. And I'm all right with that. Aren't you? I trust him. But friends, if we fail to recognize the authority that comes with our position in Christ, we will never exercise that authority to enforce the claims of God in our lives. And that's what I want to focus on this morning is that he's made some claims. Amen. But it's up to you to enforce them. So in the Old Testament and in the New Testament, the the Bible is just full of claims that the Lord has made on our behalf. Amen. In the Old Testament prophecies, what the we find what will be fulfilled completely by our Lord Jesus, our our savior, our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. He was the fulfillment of the Old Testament prophecies. Amen. Now, Jesus in the New Testament, he personally instructs each and every one of us on what we are entitled to as born again citizens of the kingdom. We're citizens of another kingdom. You know, people think you're odd. You are. If you're not, then there's something wrong. You know, people look at you sometimes like you're an alien from another planet. Get used to it. You are. You're from another kingdom. You have a different language. You have different customs, a different way of dressing. Amen. You have a different king. You have different goals. Different privileges. Amen. Hallelujah. So, he he he told us what what uh uh uh he personally instructs us on what we're entitled to as born again sons and daughters of God. But then he instructs us on how to enforce the claims that he's already made on our behalf. Amen. Amen. Now, friends, he fully paid the price for us to be able to walk in those claims. There's nothing left for him to, you know, if we're not careful, we're waiting for something. The purchasing work is done. Yes, sir. Everything that you have need of, he's already paid the price for. Amen. And it belongs to us. Amen. But there's a difference between uh owning something and possessing something. Hallelujah. So, he's fully paid the price. That question is settled. Amen. When he said it was finished, he he didn't wasn't saying the work of redemption was finished at Calvary. What he was saying was that phase of the work was done. The purchasing work. Amen. He completely paid for everything that belongs to us. So Calvary left nothing unpaid. The debts are paid off by the shedding of the blood on Calvary. So his declarations or his claims don't leave us with any gray areas. And I'm so thankful for that this morning. The claims that he's made on our behalf, they're sure and they're right to the point. They're not wishywashy. They're not, you know, if you cross your fingers or if it's Friday or or if you step across the sidewalk crack or whatever, if the moon's in a certain phase, if you've been a good boy today, his claims are amen and amen. Amen. They are sure. Hallelujah. Ask and it shall be given unto you. Not asking maybe. Not asking if you've been a good person or if you just got through praying. Ask and it shall be given unto you. Amen. Seek and you shall find. Oh, we're familiar with these things, friends, but we need to take them and act on them. If you say to this mountain, be thou removed. Be cast to the sea. Don't doubt in your heart. Amen. If you if two or more agree concerning anything there's no gray area there. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. Amen. In my name they shall cast out devils. Amen. Hallelujah. Or how about this? John 20:23. Whosoever sins you remit, they are remitted unto them. And whosoever sins you retain, they are retained. Amen. Amen. See why forgiveness is so important? Resist the devil. And if if if if he feels like it, he might leave. No. Resist the devil and he shall flee. Now notice there's no mention of time in any of these promises. There's just a mention of this. You do this and that'll happen. This is how to do it. Here's my claim. Now, here's how you do it. Amen. I'm instructing you on how to take what I purchased for you and put it into action. Amen. James 5:14 is is any sick among you, let him call for the elders of the church. Amen. And let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord, and the prayer of faith shall save the sick. Amen. And the Lord shall raise him up. Amen. And if ye have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him. Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another that ye may be healed. Friends, this salvation that we're talking about is a healing of my soul. It's a healing of my spirit, and it's ultimately the healing of my body. I've got a down payment of it. Every time he gives me a temporary body change every time he heals me. Amen. But that's a down payment on the total healing of my body, which is the body change. Hallelujah. Confess your faults one to another. Pray one for another that you may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man avaleth much. Amen. Now, now the the devil will get right there. Oh, now he said a righteous man and I'm not I'm Listen, he made you righteous. Amen. This is not something you do. It's what he did. Hallelujah. So these these are all claims that were made for the kingdom of heaven. This new kingdom that you are a citizen of that you're walking in. These are the laws of this new kingdom. And they're laws. They're impersonal. They don't care who you are, how tall, short, what color, educated, not educated, whether you got two nickels to rub together or a million dollars. They don't care. These are laws of this new kingdom. Glory. These are all claims that are made for the kingdom of heaven and against the kingdom of the devil. Amen. Amen. So we brothers and sisters as a body of Christ that's placed here on the earth. You've been placed here in this de moine's area wherever you're from. Amen. You've been placed here on the earth and you have been called and placed here in this hour. You one of one of the reasons why you're here is to enforce Calvar's claims. Amen. You've been placed here. God needs a body to work through. Satan needs a body to work through. We can look out there and we can say, "Oh, the devil's doing this and the devil's doing that and we can talk about, you know, how the the Catholic Church is coming to a head and this is coming to a head and that's coming to a head." Well, friends, if the negative is coming to pass and that guy's not in charge, how about what God said? God's word cannot fail. Hallelujah. So you have been placed here in this specific area to enforce heaven's claims. And to a forest what has already been accomplished on Calvary. This is from the message restoration of the bride tree. Is that is it okay if I just Okay. Uh uh page 17 paragraph 2. He says, "And if Satan has robbed you of the privilege of being a son or daughter of God, we have a right this morning by the Holy Spirit to enforce the claim of God." Amen. We have a right to enforce. Now notice, not our claim, his claim. Bring them back. If he's afflicted you and made you sick, we have a right before God to enforce the laws of God. By his stripes, we are healed. Friends, he's never going to heal me again. He's already done it. But we've got to enforce it. We've got to make that claim. We've got to we've got to stay. Reality is what you say it is. If you say, "Oh, it's gloom and doom and it'll never work and I'll never amount to anything." That's exactly what you're going to walk in. But if you say, "I can do all things through Christ that has strengthened me. By his stripes, I am healed." You speak that out, that'll become your reality, and you'll walk in it. We're We're waiting around for him to do something. He's done it. Now it's your turn to confess what he's already done and to enforce it. Amen. Hallelujah. If he's afflicted you and made you sick, we have a right before God to enforce the laws of God. By his stripes, we are healed. Amen. Bring him back. Turn them loose. You're taking them out yonder to death. We claim him. Bring him back. How many believes we can do that? Oh friends, he's done he's done so much just in my little little ministry, little life. I'm insignificant and in terms of lots of great men, lots of great ministries and all that, but he's done enough in my life. He don't have to do one more thing. You come along too late to say he don't do these things. I've seen him raise the dead. I've seen him form an eyeball right in front of me. I've seen him take bones that were broken that you could see where they're puncturing the skin and we laid hands gathered around said, "Father, this is your we need you, Lord. We put it in your hands and we we get through praying that arm straight." This should be an everyday thing. He's already done it for us, but somebody's got to enforce it. Somebody's got to stand up with courage and say, "My God." Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. He says, "You're taking him out yonder to death. Reclaim him. Bring him back." He says, "Now that's enforcement. Restore it back to its original condition again. A man's sick, a baby's sick, a woman's sick. See, they're out of their natural condition. Then we have a right to enforce our claim." And then he says, "It's not our claim. It's our claim because God gave it to us." Amen. Amen. It It's your claim now, but you're just repeating what he already said. You ate a book and now you're prophesying again. Hallelujah. You ate the word and now the word is speaking to you. Hallelujah. He says, "Now that's enforcement. Restore it back. By his stripes, we were healed. He was wounded for our transgressions. With his stripes, we were healed. He says, "Now we have a right to enforce that law. The lawgiver, the Holy Spirit himself is here, the angel of God, the agent of God to see that it's done that way." Amen. Now, the only way he can work is when you let him work. But you've got to believe it. You know, he gave us the easiest part in all this. His part, our part is only believe. But we want to do everything else. Well, how am I going to make this happen? That looks impossible. And how, you know, I've done this and the devil said that. That ain't your job. He's already done that. He's already paid the price. He's already made you righteous. He's already justified you. He's done the work. But it's your job to confess it. Be it unto me according to what you've already said, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Blessed be his wonderful name. So the first step is to recognize what rights that you have as a citizen of this new kingdom. Amen. The kingdom of heaven. You know, as Americans, we we have certain rights. As Americans, people come from other countries and they they tell us, you know, you guys don't know what you have. You guys go around, you just take things for granted. We die for this opportunity back home. And you guys are going around, well, there ain't no work and there ain't no this and there ain't no that. and they'll come over here and show us how it's done. They'll take some crummy job and the next thing you know they're you're working for them. They see the opportunity. We What about us as believers this morning? What has he done for us? What is it that belongs to us? What has he purchased for us? Hallelujah. I don't want one thing that he's bought for me to go, you know, I I I would hate for one drop of his blood to be shed and then me not take advantage of what it purchased for me. Hallelujah. Amen. So, you need to get out of your mind here this morning whether you think that you deserve it or not or whether you're worthy or not. Let's just get over that. Let's just get past it. First of all, you don't deserve it. Second of all, you're not worthy. So, quit fighting that battle. Amen. Just look the devil in the face and say, "You're right, devil. I'm not worthy. What's your point?" But there's one that was declared worthy. And my confession this morning is worthy is the lamb. Hallelujah. But no, we we'll fight the battle on the wrong ground. Oh, if I could just be good enough, you can't. That's true. Hallelujah. So, we need to settle those questions once and for all. Amen. Because those questions are not even relevant. Amen. We didn't write the story. You won't find it anywhere in these claims. Well, if you're good enough, if you're worthy, if you, you know, say catechism or, you know, if you could stay uh, you know, not think a bad thought for a week, none of that's in there. He's purchased it for us. Amen. I might preach this morning. Hallelujah. Blessed be his wonderful name. Hallelujah. So the first citizen in this new kingdom is none other than the first of the God race himself. Amen. Amen. Amen. Your Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. He's the first among many brethren. Amen. Hallelujah. There's an So if he's the first among many uh if he's the firstborn, that means there's a second born, a third born, and here in the end a last born. Amen. Amen. And he said, "What what what belongs to me and what I purchased, it belongs to you." What I've claimed is now your claim. But you've got to make the claim. Somebody's got to stand and declare this is reality. Amen. Somebody's got to be that standard that's on display in this hour. And that's why you've been placed here. You know, instead of us looking at, oh, it's so dark and it's so evil and look at all that's coming around us. Recognize, friends, you're the light. You are the testimony and you're the proof that there is a living God. You are God's answer to Satan's challenge in this hour. And God cannot fail. He doesn't have an an army of defeated defeated soldiers. His army is an overcoming army. Amen. Blessed be his wonderful name. So he told us that he himself came to destroy the works of the devil. Then he said, "The works that I do shall you do also." Is that right? And and you know there's an amazing thing. It doesn't make sense to the natural mind, but there's an amazing thing that he actually through his death, he came to destroy him who held the power of death, even the devil. So somehow through death, he defeated death. You know, to the natural mind, it's like, well, how is death going to defeat death? But he defeated death through his death because he took all the death that was coming our way and and past, present, and future. He absorbed all that death himself, paid the price so that even death is settled this morning. I don't I don't I don't think that's really breaking through to us, friends. I think that we still wonder about that. Well, then why are people still dying? We'll get into that here in just a moment. He conquered death at the cross. But the scripture tells us very plainly, he does not put it under his feet until the end of the last age on purpose. Not because the church was weak. Amen. Because death was the only vehicle that he had for bringing his children home. Hallelujah. Well, why do you have to bring them home? Because if Paul was still here, I'd be living off of his revelation. Yeah. Every time I needed something, I'd say, "Paul, Paul, would you pray for me?" But God has, he doesn't have grandchildren. He has children. So, in every age, each one of us had to come forth. Paul, you know, I I used to just weep. And I just I was so tore up because I realized that the first church was rapture ready. The first church was standing right there looking through the door. Paul preached, "We are alive and remain, not those in the future, us." Amen. We which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord. Amen. Amen. We're going to be changed in a moment in the twinkling of eye. He preached serpent seed. He preached oneness of the godhead. He original sin. He preached it all, friends. And they're standing right there. But then he had to go into the ground. And it just he would I would meditate on that. It would tear me up. I thought, "Oh my my brother Paul, you went into the ground because of me." Yeah, because God had more thoughts than Paul. God knew that he had more seed. Jesus said, "I'll build my church over seven church ages." He didn't let them know just how long it would be. But he said, "I'm going to build a church and the gates of hell will not prevail against it." I've got more thoughts than Paul. Paul's one of my thoughts, but he's at the feet. I've got more thoughts all the way through clear up to the head. Amen. Is that right? Amen. So I I was thinking, brother brother Brooks, I was thinking, you know, when I get there, of course, the very first one I want to see is my Lord. Amen. Amen. But I want to shake Paul's hand. Amen. And I want to hug his neck. Amen. And kiss him. And I want to say, "Brother Paul, I'm so sorry that you had to go into the ground because you are rapture ready." Amen. There was nothing held back. You were rapture ready. Amen. But God did not reveal uh uh this last secret because you would have been raptured. You'd have caught it and that would have been the end of it. But I hadn't come yet. There was more seed. So God conquered death, but death has no power over you. Death is an escort. Amen. There's quotes for that, friends. It escorts you over to the other side. Amen. And you don't go to hell. Amen. Hallelujah. You go to a wonderful place. Amen. So death, death right now is working on our behalf. Because everyone that went down thinking that they were going in the rapture in their day, they're coming up with that same expectation. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. They weren't thinking, oh, you know, Paul wasn't thinking, well, there's something left that has to be preached. And and they weren't thinking, well, Paul's got to come back because he didn't finish his ministry. No, he did. He sounded friends in every age they sounded. This message sounded. Don't put it. Your your expectation should not be for something in the future. If the Lord's coming now, you're ready. If he takes you home tonight and the rapture occurs a week from now, oh, Brother Baker, wasn't that wrong for me to believe that I was living in that time? No. You had the right expectation. And you'll come up with the same expectation that you went down with. Amen. Hallelujah. But I just personally have the revelation this morning. I ain't going down. Why? Because there's no one for me to hand the baton off to. We're at the end of the race. We've been specially trained in this hour, in this age. We haven't been trained, Brother Brooks. I haven't been taught how to hand it off. I wasn't trained and schooled in that. I don't know how to hand it off. My job is to go across the finish line. And right now, the saints are gathered in this building all around looking over the banister saying, "Keep going." Keep going. Amen. So, I want to hug Paul's neck and I want to I want to cry and say, "I'm so sorry, my brother, that you had to go on the ground, but you did it for me." And brother Paul's going to say, "Weep not, my brother. You return the favor because if you hadn't been standing here on the earth when the title deed came back into our hands if you hadn't have been the one the feet on the body that finally put death under your feet we couldn't come back. Oh friends, we got the picture wrong. We think, "Oh, if I could just get over there, what a wonderful thing." They want here more than you want there. Because that's not our home. This is our home. But they can't come because there's been a dispute over the chemicals that make up their body. Satan has had claims, but the claiming work is being done in this hour. And the title deed is coming back into the hands of sons and daughters of God in this hour. Amen. And with that in our hands, we can say these elements, I claim them. Amen. These elements have been claimed by my Lord and Savior. The book has been opened. The worthy one has been found. And he is he has said, "I find no fault in you." You never done it to begin with. Come stand by my side. Oh, hallelujah, friends. Blessed be his wonderful name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be his name. So he conquered death at the cross. It's settled. Don't you get Well, it kind of he kind of sort of and maybe there's something left for him to do. It's done. The scripture tells us that. Death has been conquered. But it hasn't been brought under his feet yet. There's a body on the earth right now. It's his body. It's a many membered body. Is that right? So you say, "Well, I I ain't nothing. I'm just the skin on the bottom of the toe." Well, guess where you're If you're the skin on the bottom of the toe, guess where that foot's at? It's on the head of the devil. You know, Brother Brandon was given that vision about uh uh uh you know, this this man was was uh being bit by a or there's a black mama snake that was threatening him, right? And the snake represents death, sin, unbelief. And he and he was saying, "Why is everybody afraid in these kind of times?" And this man was afraid that's that that mamba was coming at him. And the thing that was significant about a mamba is that you get bit by that, you start to paralyze. You know, unless you got the antivenenom handy, which they don't, but unless you got it handy, you just got a limited amount of time and you're done. So people know it's certain death, right? Amen. And so everybody's afraid of death. And the Lord spoke to him and said, "How would you like to bind that?" Hallelujah. He said, "Oh, would I wanted that my that's what I wanted my whole life." Amen. And he said when he bound it, he said, "Speak to it." And it turned into like glass. And he said, "It formed an sign." And it this, you know, forgive me, I'm a slow learner, okay? But it didn't hit me here until just a few days ago or a few weeks ago what the significance of the and sign was. Even though he'd said the words, he said, "You bind this and everything under it is bound." Amen. Death is the last enemy. Is that right? The last one. You bind that. The I don't care if it's cancer. I don't care uh if it's lust, pornography, I don't care what it is. You bind death. Everything else is bound. The manifestation of the sons of God with a book in their hand with rights. Amen. That are claiming this earth. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So he bound it and it was bound. He said, "You can loose it too." And he loosed it. And then he bound it back again. Yeah. And then he said, "Lord, what must I do?" And the Lord took him to, excuse me, into into Corinthians. And and uh he came across that scripture that says uh uh uh that uh about when you come to this feast, which is where we're at. This is just before the opening of the word. Amen. When you come to this feast, uh, let it not be with un with leavenvening the leavenvening and, you know, malice and and strife and all these different things, but let it be the, you know, with unleavened bread of sincerity and truth. And he's told, you must be more sincere. I was sharing with brother Brooks Brooks that, you know, the first time I read that for many times, for many years after that, I thought, you know, I just want to be as sincere as he was when he was told he needed to be more sincere. Yeah. Now, notice, he wasn't being told, you aren't sincere. He wasn't being told, you know, you're uh you're not living right. He was just being told, you need to take it up a notch. Amen. You need to be more sincere because we're just about to come into the opening of the word. And to go into the opening word, you can't take those that unbelief into there. Amen. Amen. Oh, friends, we're living in the in the last age where we've been called to repent. Amen. There's no other age where that's that's told, "Be zealous, therefore, and repent." That means to do it with enthusiasm. Do it with zeal. That means that when conviction comes across, you're not feeling condemned. When it comes across, oh Lord, thank you for showing me that. Cuz if you hadn't have shown me, I'd have just kept on walking in ignorance. You're not showing that to beat me down. You're showing me that so I can repent zealously. Friends, we are repenting of the unbelief of all the ages. I have someone against thee in each age. Well, that all had that title search had to be conducted and that all had to be washed off. Hallelujah. We were sent a prophet here in the last age and the son of man came to reveal himself and we the word came to the prophet in the water but then the word was washed by the water of the word. Amen. Amen. The actually what's what's happened was the bride came to him in the water. Amen. In a bride coming, that bride is being washed by the water of the word by the it's not a partial word now. It's the full word. And every lean that was against the church for the last 2,000 years is being washed off. And a a declaration is being made. You never done it to begin with. You ain't forgiven. You never done it. [Music] I hope to get back to that thought here in a moment because it it's something that's got a break on us, friends. It's something that we got to get a we got to get a hold of, not with our mind, but in our heart. In fact, I'm preaching soul food here this morning. You say, "I don't like soul food." Well, you better start liking it cuz you know, you you can come here on a Wednesday night. We have a midweek service. You can come and you can think, man, I I probably won't get nothing out of the service. You know, I've had such a hard time and I went through such a battle and and and and the devil will be telling you, "Well, you might as well not even go. You aren't going to get anything out of it." And right, but somehow you drag your carcass in here. You sit down and you might have a service where you don't say nothing. You might have a service there where you think, "Well, I don't even know if I'm getting anything out of it or not." You need to get that thought away from you because what's happening is the the man of God is ministering to your soul and your soul doesn't have emotions or feelings. Your soul believes or it doubts. In your soul, your soul is being fed and you're being built up Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Oh my I I'm in the right place this morning. So he tells us the works that I do shall you do also. How many believes that? Amen. He did the works of his father who sent him. And then he says, I'll do these very same works again in you that my father might be glorified again. Amen. Amen. How many believes that? Amen. So, we need to fully recognize that all of the claims that were made 2,000 years ago are of no consequence unless there are those on the earth that will enforce those claims. There has to be someone standing here saying, "That ain't nothing but the truth." Amen. Be it unto me, not let me try to figure out how to make this work. That's where we get into trouble. And that's where we get depressed. And that's where we get, you know, get the devil beating us down. Well, you said this and you said that. I know. I know. I know. You said you were going to try this and weren't going to do that. I know. I know. I know. Well, quit trying to do it. Let Let He He's already done it. Start confessing it. That will become your reality and you'll walk in it. I'm an overcomer this morning. Amen. You say, "Well, didn't you have to apologize to your wife?" I might have had to apologize to my wife and I might have to apologize again before this body's changed, but I'm already an overcomer. That's what the word has already declared about me and I'm lining my confession up with what he said and that's my reality. You say, "But but it looks like there's so far to go. I don't care. Don't you believe in the supernatural?" Well, you're a special case. That means God's going to be greater in my life. Hallelujah. That means if he can do it in my life, he can do it in anybody's life. My God's not a loser, he's a winner. Hallelujah. So, we might, you know, think about this. Now, I'm not trying to be disrespectful and we want to take everything in its right place and there's no way to bring a perfect balance in every every message that you bring, but we might get excited about the thought of a visitation of an angel, right? And nothing against that, right? We would get excited about it, right? But who has more authority here on the earth? An angel or a son or daughter of God? That's that's the problem. We got an identity crisis here. Well, if there was just an angel here to help me, that angel has already come. And there are still angels, ministering angels, but you're the point. You're the one that's got to come to a position. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. When brother books cries out to the Lord, the Lord, he might be speaking to Michael. He might be speaking to to uh uh uh Gabriel. He might be speaking to Wormwood and he'll he'll say, "Wormwood, you know, I've got an important uh uh thing that I've got I want you to do and and I'm sitting you down and this is so important." And then I'll said, he looks over, there's a hotline there. Excuse me, Wormwood. Picks up the phone. It's my son. Hallelujah. Amen. You grandmothers, you mothers, you know how that is. You might have your best friend over at the house. Amen. But the phone rings and you find out it's my son. Amen. It's my daughter. Amen. I got to take this call. I don't care what you're going through. You want to take that call. God could be given given orders to the most important angel. But when you call, he's ready to hear your call. Blessed be his wonderful name. You have more authority here than an angel because this is your realm that you are being restored back to. Hallelujah. Okay, let's get to let's get back to Psalm 27, the the rapture psalm here for a moment. Psalm 27:1, a psalm of David. The Lord is my light. How many can say he's your light this morning and my salvation? Whom shall I fear? Look at the boldness of this man under the blood of bulls and goats. Actually, friends, he's prophesying here. I hope before we get through here, I hope that you realize, you know, the scripture says the prophet of God tells us that that David was a man after God's own heart. Well, what does that represent? Who who is who is the one after God's own heart? as brothers here this morning. Those of you that are married, I'm giving you a little hint here. Those of you that are married, who's the one that's after your own heart, the very heart of God is his bride. She came out of his heart. She's the very expression of the feeling part. Amen. So, David represents you and I. Amen. He's a man after God's own heart. He's representing you and I this morning. He wanted to do what's right, but he couldn't do it. So, he thought, you know, if I could just put the commandments on the doorpost, if I could just, you know, wear that flactory on my forehead, if I could just, you know, have it everywhere I go, scriptures all over the place to remind me, amen, then then I then I won't fall. But he was under the blood of bulls and goats. The blood hadn't been shed, but his desire, his desire was to serve. And somehow he was able to walk past all that and commit adultery. But he was a type of you and I. So he's prophesying here just as he prophesied to the bridegroom and said, "My bones, they stare at me." And that wasn't David. That was that was what was going to happen to the bridegroom. This is for the bride here this morning. Amen. When the wicked, even mine enemies, and you have enemies this morning, even and your enemies are not people, right? We battle not against flesh and blood, spirits, powers, principalities on high. high devils, mature devils, not little wimpy impy, mature ones. When the wicked, even mine enemies and my foes came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and they fell. What's that got to do with me? Well, what is eating your flesh right now? Sickness, disease, anxiety, cancer. They come to eat your flesh. The man was told, "Because of what you did, you're going to return to the dust." Then the serpent was told, "You're going to eat dust." What are demons living off of? They have a right until until we finally enforce the claim over death itself. When the last one comes in, Amen. They've got a right to come and and and and try to eat this flesh. But David said, "When they do that, when they come to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and they fell." Not even cancer can stand. Hallelujah. Though in host should encamp against me, I'm all alone. They're all around me. Yeah. And what's your point? Which army is greater? Amen. Whom shall you fear? Though a host shall encamp against me, and they are. There's 200 million demons that were released from the river Euphrates that drove natural Israel back into her homeland. Now they're driving spiritual Israel, the bride, into her homeland, which is the fullness of the word. Amen. Which is taking full possession of what belongs to us. Coming to the full stature. Hallelujah. Though in host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear. Amen. Now, I want you to notice these words are very specific. He didn't say, "My my brain won't fear." Oh, come on, friends. Help me out this morning. We got to know the difference. Because if you try to fight the battle based on this outer guy, you know, I I've been, Brother Brooks, I'm trying to be patient. I'm trying to be loving and as best I can, but where the Lord has placed me, I've been trying to show the people what the Lord has shown us and what he's done for us in this age. that when we say that we're without sin, we ain't talking about the carcass. Amen. But I guess if you haven't been born again, it don't make sense, right? Well, I'm just a, you know, we we'll hear this and it sounds so religious and it sounds so good, but it's a lie from the pits of hell. It's unbelief that we need to repent from in this hour. Well, I'm just a sinner saved by grace. You ever heard that? You said it yourself. Stop. You were a sinner that was saved by grace and now you're no longer a sinner. First John chapter 3. Amen. Those that are born of God do not commit sin. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, but brother Doug, it says in John 1 John 1:1 that he that the one that says he's without sin, he's a liar, right? Well, yeah, that's before you repented. Amen. Amen. Which guy is he talking to? Amen. The outer man or the inner man. Yeah. You got to recognize that you're a sinner. That you need salvation. Amen. Ruth had to recognize that that she had nothing coming. She's, you know, she lucked out somehow to be with her mother-in-law Naomi. and she's in a, you know, in a land of of of people that are having sex with their own family, right? That can't go back into the temple for 10 generations. She has no chance, no hope. But she's lucky because in this time of famine, when this this woman goes through, she loses her husband, then she loses her sons and and and and this Ruth loses her husband, but she's lucky that this Old Testament is still word is still there for her. And she's she's like, "Well, you know, I'm just glad to be saved. I don't have anything coming. I'm a Moabitete. I'm not an Israelite. I'm a Moabitete. I'm a Gentile dog. I have nothing coming. I'm just a sinner saved by grace." Right? I don't have time to get into friends. We We could spend we could bring a series on this. But let's just fast forward, okay? She goes from I'm just a sinner saved by grace to going back to the land. Amen. And then she goes to finding out uh you need to be in a certain field. Yeah. because the Lord of the harvest uh uh uh is is going to pay buy you back and pay for your inheritance. And and so she ends up working her way. So justification was was uh uh you know Orpha gave Orpha gave Naomi a kiss, a Judas kiss. Amen. But Ruth said, "Will your people be my people? I don't know what I'm getting myself into, but you know, I I didn't have I didn't have anything coming. I'm just glad to be still alive." And Right. Amen. Saved somehow. But not deserving it. I'm just a sinner saved by grace. I'm just a Moabitete saved by grace. But the next thing you know, she's being told about, well, you know, we got a kinsman and she's being schooled and trained in the law of the near kinsman. And she just happens to look out. Yeah. And end up in Boaz's field. The only one that can redeem her. And now she's got to work her way through her stage of legalism. Yeah, she's she's working and working and she's she's uh gleaning there in the field and then Boaz sees her. She gets the attention of Boaz. He comes out. He's looking over his fields. Amen. And he sees her and said, "Who is this woman?" When he comes and talks to her, he tells her about her good character. She's working through sanctification, working her way through legalism. He says, "You've conducted yourself well. You've got my attention, right? And then he goes on and and and and finally he looks at the ministers and he says, you know what? Oh, hallelujah, friends. I love it. I love it. She ended up in his field. You know, there was a there was a man that found a treasure that was buried in a field one time. One of the seven parables in Matthew chapter 13, he found a a a treasure that was hidden in the field. Uh it it had been there, but it was hidden from everybody. But he stumbled across it. He found it. Amen. Amen. And he got so excited when he saw it and he looked around to see if anybody else saw it. And then what he did, he did a very strange thing. He went and rearied it in the very same field that he found it in. Oh, I hope somebody's listening this morning. And then he went home and he counted the cost. He thought, I got to have that field. You say, "Well, why didn't he just take that home?" Well, first of all, it would have been stealing. Second of all, it would have broke every type. Amen. He found it in the field. Amen. It was of no value to anybody else. They probably walked by it all the time. Amen. So he went home. He sold everything that he had and brought the price of that to buy the field. He didn't think, well, let me see what kind of deal I can get on it. How, you know, I'll just give up this and that. You got to give it all up. Amen. You know, I'll just I'll just I'll just smoke half a pack of cigarettes. You got to quit. Amen. You got to give it all up. Not hold on to anything. Amen. So, so he comes and and asks what the asking price is and he's told just, you know, as Abraham went to to buy the cave of Mpila to bury his bride and he owned the whole land. It was all his. It was his possession, but he had no place to bury his wife. So, he wanted to buy that specific field, that specific plot of land, the land of the resurrection. The land Oh, hallelujah. where the where the kinsman redeemer was going to come up from. Blessed be his wonderful name. You say, "Well, do I have to be buried over there?" No, you got to be buried in Christ. That's our land. You got to be buried in the fullness of the word, and that's where you're coming up. Hallelujah. He He didn't argue with Ephraim there in the Old Testament. He said, "How much do you want for it?" He says, "I'll give it to you." And he says, "No, you know, we know that won't work." Amen. I'm going to have to pay a price for this. you're not giving me nothing. And he knew the Hittite law. He knew that if he gave him that land that the uh it really wasn't his. And that after a generation or so, it would just go back into the and the Hittites didn't want them living in that land. But he said, "I want to buy it." And so he says, he looks at him and he says, uh, you know, he he named an exorbitant price, 50 shekels of silver, 40, whatever it was, an exorbitant price. And it was it was in weight, 400, I think it was. It was it was silver by weight. And he said, "That's how much." Thinking that Abraham was gonna blink. Abraham said, "Sold." Amen. Here it is. He bought that field. That's where That's where Abraham was buried. That's where Sarah was buried. That's where Isaac, Jacob, all the patriarchs, they believe Adam and Eve was buried there. That's where Joseph's bones were carried back to. Yes, sir. showed us a shadow, a type buying that. Amen. So, so here's Boaz. He He sees her. He sees Ruth in the field, a woman of, you know, he he's 80 years old. She's 40. He He could have married anybody, but he sees her. And he recognizes she's a treasure in his field. And so, the first thing he does is rear her in the same field. He says, "You stay in this field." Don't you go anywhere else. Amen. And she and he tells his ministers, he said, "Don't you don't you put your seed in her." Amen. Don't you inject your own ideas. What I want you to do is intentionally drop little handfuls. When she's when she's down, I want you to preach spiritual food and due season. When she needs encouragement, I I I need you to preach the mighty God unveiled. Hallelujah. Don't you manhandle her. I'm going to hold you responsible. Oh, blessed be his wonderful name. But friends, something happens in Roose's walk. Something happens in her revelation. She finally gets to the point where she goes at the threshing time, in the evening time, at the end of the day, and she finds herself laying at Boaz's feet. And everybody thinks she's crazy. Oh, you're calling yourself bride. These women, there were other gleaners out there in the field. What makes you think you're special? Him. Amen. Her revelation goes from I'm just a sinner saved by grace to that's my redeemer. [Music] [Applause] Not only is he my redeemer, I'm related to him. And he has to buy me. It's the law. So she goes before him with an attitude. She says, "Give me that book." I mean, she says, "Hallelujah." Amen. She says, "By me," he said, "I will not rest this day until this third work of redemption, this claiming work is done." Amen. Until I claim back everything that belongs to you, but in the meantime, let me give you some let me load you up with more grain than you gleaned in all the fields. Now, you go and rest while I finish this work. Amen. Amen. She went back saying, "I'm the bride." Amen. This guy's not only related to me, he's he not only owns the cattle of the Thousand Hills. And I didn't get lucky to get in this field. I was led. My footsteps were ordained. [Applause] I had to end up in this place. Just as Abraham had in his three-stage journey, friends. Oh, he goes to Sheikum. goes to Bethl and then he ends up here in that last place where he's where there's a union taking place between him and the Lord. Amen. Blessed be his wonderful name. She was in the third stage of her journey. And and and her confession was no longer well, you know, this is what the pastor says or brother Brandham says. This was See, she'd been schooled by the word. Naomi, the Old Testament been schooled in the in the laws of the kinsman redeemer. Amen. Amen. And the leverant law. She'd been schooled in this. And now she's standing there saying, "You got to do this." Now, friends, you got to have a revelation to do that, right? You got to you can't be, "Well, you know, I understand. You know, I'm not worthy. You know, if I lay down at your feet and what if he turns me away?" You know, what if he looks at me and says, "Well, you haven't been good enough today. What if he knows what I did last week?" Amen. Amen. Had nothing to do with it. Amen. It had to do with everything to do with who she was. Amen. Who she really was, friends. And her desire was to do what was right. But her revelation had to actually come up to the place where she realized, you got to buy me. Amen. That's your part. You are my redeemer. You're not only worthy, you're not only able, but you want to. Amen. And you're going to redeem me. Oh friends, the reason why you're going to redeem me is because I came out of you. Hallelujah. I'm not just something that you felt sorry for. I was in you. Amen. As Adam, as Eve was in Adam's side, and she became the revelation of Adam. Amen. So was the bride in Christ's side and she's the revelation of Jesus Christ. The hidden part that's now revealed. Amen. But she's got to come to that place. She's got to come to that position, that recognition herself. Amen. You didn't you didn't save me because you felt sorry for me. You saved me because I'm your kin. I'm the reason you went to Calvary. I'm the reason you shed the blood. I'm the reason that you placed all these claims in the word. Amen. Amen. Friends, there was a time and rightfully so. There was a time when the message was God sent a prophet. There was a time for that. We needed to hear that. But then it needed to progress from God sent a prophet to why did he send a prophet? Amen. Well, he sent a prophet with a message. Okay. Well, what's the message got to do with me? Everything. Hallelujah. What's your name, brother? Mark. Okay. You're the reason God sent a prophet. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, the prophet. The prophet. I ain't taking away from that, friends. I We understand we're we're under our prophet's message. We understand the Eleazar call. Amen. But but Rebecca's eyes didn't remain on Eleazar forever. Amen. Amen. Eleazar was sent to get Isaac a bride. At some point, her eyes were on Isaac. Amen. Amen. You're the reason God sent a prophet. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. Our revelation at one time was was, you know, uh, this message was sent my way and if I could just become this, uh, if I could just be changed and, uh, you know, uh, I don't like this and that. If I could just, you know, oh, I got to try so hard and if I could just be changed. And that was kind of our revelation at one time as a child. But as we began to grow, we began to realize this message was not sent to change me. This message was sent to show me who I am. And I'm finding myself in the word. This message is in the word, but it's a light shining on the word. Bringing to light my day and its message. I found myself in the volume of the book. Amen. Amen. And I say, be it unto me according to thy word. Hallelujah. Now, now back to the mind versus the soul, friends. You know, I by God's grace, I I quit my job in uh 2009. So, uh it's been five years now. I I've been working full-time, pastoring full-time. Every vacation I ever had, any spare time I had, weekends, what have you, I was out preaching somewhere, taking care of the f I I I look back now and I think, how did I do it? Well, I know how I do it. It was him. Amen. But back then, I didn't think I was doing enough. Now, I'm thinking, man, I'd like to be able to do half that much. But my burning desire was to just be uh uh in the ministry and that's it. But the Lord hadn't given me the nod. And I can look back very easily now and see how I was being schooled and trained in the natural work that I was in. You know, we're not going to a finishing school when we leave here. You know, we're going to rule and reign in the millennium. Amen. So, in order to rule and reign there, you got to start doing it here. So, we're getting our education on this side. Amen. Our spiritual education. Amen. Amen. So, uh I I sought the Lord and the Lord made a way in in 2009 and and uh and he put before me. He says it's your choice. You know, you can you can continue to work and and uh uh serve me or you know, I've made a way now for you to just go into the ministry and that's it. Well, that had been my desire. In fact, Satan had would try to beat me up every time I'd be in special meetings or whatever, and that anointing would come up, you know, and you know how you make these stupid claims in your mind that, well, I'm going to go home and I'll never do this again and I'll never, you know, right? Because you're you just your faith is up at such a level and right, hallelujah. It ain't about you. It's about him. Thank him for that. But the devil would beat you up and say, you know, well, you know, if you really were a pastor, what are you working for? Well, I don't know why my why my prophet work for 17 years and pastor. You know, all I know is that he hadn't told me to quit yet. So, you know, I don't care what anybody else says. When he tells me, I'm going to do it. Well, he made a way for me. And I thought, man, this is going to be the easiest thing I ever did. You know, I just can't wait to tell them, you know, uh uh take this job and uh uh do something with it, right? Come on, friends. You're a human being. You know how you felt as humans sometimes, you know? you know, you build up these lists of, you know, I don't want to put up with this and put up with that, but you're being schooled. You're being trained. God has placed you where he's placed you for a reason. Thank you, Lord. So, I thought, man, it's going to be so easy. And well, they made it hard. I was moving up. I've never tried to get ahead ever. I've never looked and never tried to use somebody as a stepping stone, but because of the gifts that God places in your life and a a Christian is the best employee that you have. Amen. you know, I'm working in industry and and they got to train people how to, you know, don't say something that offends somebody. It's like, you got to train somebody in that. You know, that these are Christian principles. You know, if you say something and somebody overhears it and they're offended by it, it don't matter whether you think they should be offended by it or not. Don't say it and go apologize to them. And they're like, "Well, that don't make no sense." And I'm like, "Yes, it does." you know, so they don't have to train us, but they're trying to get everybody else to mimic what we do naturally. So, they don't want to let you go. So, first they were in shock and I thought, well, maybe they just don't care. But they were in shock because I'm kind of coming to the the prime and, you know, things are just starting to get interesting. there, you know, uh, stock options laying on the table and whatever, leadership positions opening up and, you know, I already had 300 engineers working for me and I was in charge of about uh, $200 million worth of business a year and, you know, so I was already entrusted with a lot, right? And then and and so first of all, they they thought, well, this don't make sense. This guy's too young. He's not old enough to retire. This don't make sense. Uh, uh, uh, so so they sent different ones over. Well, did somebody offend you? You know, somebody say something that you didn't like. No, not not any more than usual. You know, no, I wouldn't quit over that. You know, and you know, I and I I I told different ones why why I was doing it. Well, that just don't make sense. And why would you give all this up? So, they said, "Uh, well, you want more money?" And I said, "No." They said, "We're going to give you more anyway." So, right on the spot, they gave me a 20% raise. you know, that lasted for about a week cuz I gave him two weeks notice. And I said, "Well, that don't matter." And they said, "We're going to give it to you anyway." Right? Then they sent somebody else to me and they said, "Listen, we don't want you to go, okay? What's it going to take to keep you?" Tell you what, why don't you just write your own job description? You just tell us what you want to do and that's your job, right? That's the confidence that they have. in a in a true believer because they know you're going to do what's right and they they don't have to motivate you. In fact, you can't motivate people. You can't motivate. They got to be motivated. They got to be driven. So, so you you try to play on whatever motivates them. You try to dangle in front of them whatever it is that that that will motivate them. So, anyway, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to get off on this, but we're we're there. So, uh but it's important. I I think this would be helpful for you. So they said you can have whatever you want. Right? So the mind here, right? I already made the decision here. It was settled. God already spoke. He told me make your choice. Right? I chose the harder way, but it's the right way. Made the choice. But the mind said, well, you know, hey, you know, maybe just work half time and make make an easy job for yourself. You know, they told you just make up what you want. Well, pick something that's easy. Well, I don't know how to part way do anything. God wired me that way. Whatever I do, I got to do it all the way. I just I don't know how to halfway do something. I'm not saying I'm better. I'm not even saying that's a virtue. All I'm saying is that's how I'm wired. You know, so so I knew deep down inside that if I got halfway involved, the next thing you know, I'm full involved. You know, I can't just be partly partly interested in what they're doing. That's why I was successful. That's why they they wanted me because they knew I'd put my heart into it. But I was 49 years old and I couldn't keep doing both. And I knew that. I knew that. And my heart was just to be serving God's people. So I told him, well, you know, and I they'd given me, I don't know, few hundred,000 worth of stock options, but you got to stay to to get them. And I just left it on the table, walked away, shocked everybody. You say, "Well, wasn't that wonderful of you? That was so easy." You know, I got calls. They didn't replace me for a year. They couldn't find anybody because I was in kind of in a niche area that I had a certain skill set and microwave uh technology, high frequency radio waves and and you know, I'm sorry I'm telling you this, but dozens of years of experience, the whole I'm not trying to impress. It has nothing to do with Here's the point. Here's the point that I'm trying to get to. My mind started doing this. Well, you know, you could do this and how about and right and if you remember 2009, we went into a recession. So, everybody's like, you're nuts. You know, what are you doing this for? We're going to recession. People in our church started losing their jobs. A lot of people, right? Well, you're doing this now and they're not going to be able to support you. Well, I I All I know is what the Lord told me. All I know is what he opened up for me. I don't know how it's going to work out. I don't know what's in my future. I just know who holds my future. Amen. Amen. Amen. But the thing that I'm trying to get to you this morning, and I hope to get back to my thought here, and we'll wrap a bow around it. We'll come back this afternoon, the Lord willing, that it's your fault. You're pulling this out of me. What I'm trying to get across to you is that my mind is not who I am. It don't have to make sense here. I can fear up here and never fear once. Amen. In my heart, I shall not fear. It's settled down here. I believe. Amen. But in my head, my head might spin around and wonder and this and that. I got calls for a year or different ones. And I actually would would bounce it off my wife. Well, honey, what do you think? And she knows where I'm at and she's smart enough to not give me an answer. You know, she knows I'm just using her as a sounding board and I'm, you know, and she's and she's looking at me and I know she's thinking, "Well, honey, you you wouldn't be happy if you went back and you you know that you're doing what the Lord told you to do." My parents called me up. What are you doing? You know, that's insane. Well, you already called me insane for what I believe anyway. So, what difference does it make? You already thought I was a lunatic. So, in for a penny, in for a pound. You know, might as well go all the way with it. If you're going to be a fool for Christ, be a real fool. Amen. A heretic. So, you know, uh, everybody's secondguing and, you know, and I I got calls for a year where I got human resources called up and they'd try again. I had another one. They wanted to take me out and talk things over and find out, you know, one of them asked me said, "So, what are you just against bombs now? Is that what the deal is? you know, you're just not don't want to work for the man. And you know, they they were trying to approach me from psych psychological different angles, trying to find out, you know, why would a guy like this leave? You know, you can't explain it. I did. They won't accept it, right? And my mind won't accept it either. But down here, I knew I did the right thing. And God has blessed it, friends. Just multiply it over and over and over and over and over. But up here I might fear, but down here it's unshakable. You understand where I'm going? It's important that you catch that because otherwise the first time you fear up here, the devil say, "Well, it says fear not and you're fearing and what's the matter with you?" That ain't me. Amen. I believe down here. I'm sorry. I I'm taking taking too much of your time here, but listen to this. Oh, when the wicked, even my enemies and my foes, come upon me to eat my flesh, they stumbled and fell. Though an host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear. Though war should rise against me, in this will I be confident. One thing, not three, not five, one thing have I desired of the Lord, that will I seek after. Amen. that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the Lord, to inquire in his temple. For in the time of trouble, he shall hide me in his pavilion, in his secret place. He shall place me upon a rock. Amen. Friends, this is our day, our scripture. Amen. This is our prophecy. Amen. because he's saying, "One thing have I desired, that will I seek after, that I may dwell in the house of the Lord." Let me ask you this morning, where's the house of the Lord? You know, there was a time that I thought, "Oh, cool. They're going to rebuild the temple maybe over there in Israel and they got all the furnishings and all that. Isn't that neat?" No, it ain't because God's never going back in there. Amen. You know, if we're not careful, we go, "Oh, look, they got the manora and they got Oh, wouldn't it be neat to get the ark of the covenant?" Not really, cuz he's never going back in there. That was a shadow. Amen. We're not living in the shadow. We're living in the fulfillment. He said, "A body hast thou prepared for me. The most high dwelleth not in houses made by human hands, but a body hast thou prepared me." He's been preparing a body for himself for 2,000 years. Upon this rock, I'll build my church, and the gates of hell will not prevail against it. He started at the feet. He's been building it up to the head. Now he's got a body and he's stepping into it in this hour. Hallelujah. The fullness of the word. Amen. The theophite Christ himself came down. Amen. In a word coming. Amen. Amen. He's he's tabernacling in a body. One foot on the land, one foot on the sea. On ecclesiastical powers, on on political powers. Amen. Amen. stepping into a body and he's the head uniting with that body. And David said, "One thing have I desired that will I seek after that I may dwell in the house of the Lord." Guess what? Where's the house of the Lord? Right here. Amen. That I may dwell that I in the time of trouble, he shall hide me in his pavilion. You know what the word pavilion means? Tent. Oh, don't get nervous. Oh, he's going to preach the tent vision. Okay, I guess I will. First poll dealt with your flesh, right? Second poll dealt with your spirit. Amen. Third poll deals with your soul. In that your soul, you either believe or you doubt. When you're born again, you only believe in your soul. Amen. That's that third realm. Amen. That's the place where that gene's at that he comes down to unite with in the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. And brother Brandon said it's a revelation of Jesus Christ to you personally. Of course, the shikina glory is now in here. Amen. In that third realm, people say, "Well, I can't see it." Well, I can't either. I can't see past this veil. I can't see through those badger skins. Amen. Amen. But I know what's taking place in there. The real me. Amen. I will come in in this age and suck with you and you with me. Nobody else is in there. You're no longer under a natural light. You're under a supernatural light. The pillar of fire is here this morning, sir. Tabernacled behind badger skins, tabernacled in human flesh. One thing have I desired of the Lord, that will I seek after, that I may dwell in the house of the Lord. Guess what? If you're born again by the of the word, by the spirit in this age, he has made his tabernacle in you. So, you are you are a portion of the tabernacle of the living God. Amen. Is that right? Amen. And then he tells us, "In that day, you shall know I'm in the Father. The Father's in me. I'm in you and you are in me." And a prophet of God said, "This is that day." Right? Well, how does that work now? Okay. Well, he's made his tabernacle in me, so he's in me, right? But I'm in his tabernacle. So, obviously, I'm not Obviously, this can't be me. Yeah. Yeah. This is the tabernacle. Amen. This is the part that deals with the elements of the world and all that. Amen. But in there, I'm in him. And he's in me. Amen. Hallelujah. You see, 2,000 years ago when he went to the cross, I was in him. Amen. But now he's in me. I was the mystery hidden in him. And now he's the mystery revealed in me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He shall place me upon a rock. What has he done? He's placed you on the revelation of his word. Everything else is moving around you. Everything else is sinking sand. Everything else has no foundation. It's falling this way and falling that way. Amen. Amen. Amen. But he's placed you on a rock. It ain't moving, friends. Amen. He says once more I shake not the earth only but heavens also. Everything that can be shaken is being shaken. Amen. Is that right? But you're not going to fall. Hallelujah. Why? Because he's placed you on a rock. Amen. You say, "Well, what about all these voices?" I don't hear any voices. I'm in that third realm. Yes, sir. I hear one voice. I see one light. Amen. And it's a bright light. Amen. I'm in that presence. Amen. Oh friends, let that break on you this morning. Let that be driven down in you. Don't look for something off in the future. He's here now. You've got privileges now as a son or daughter of God. You He's The purchasing work is done. He's paid the price for everything that belongs to you. But it's time for us to take what belongs to us, claim it, and enforce it. Amen. Can I have just a couple more minutes? I I got to find a place to pull over here. I I I'm on page nine of 35. We ain't going to get there, but I I got to find a way to pull over. All right, somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Praise the Lord. So, we need to stand up against our adversary in this age and fear not. Fear not. Isaiah 43:1. But now, thus sayeth the Lord that created thee, oh Jacob, and he that formed thee, O Israel, fear not, for I have redeemed thee. I have called thee by thy name. How many knows he knows your name this morning? Thou art mine. When thou passeth through the waters, I will be with thee, and through the rivers, they shall not overflow thee. your pastor took us down here to where the de moine's river and that other river that uh that's that's draining into it and you know we see the the different confluences and shown how people get flooded and all that. He says you don't got to worry about that. I will be with thee and through the rivers they shall not overflow thee and when thou walst through the fire. How many's walking through fire this morning? Amen. Thou shalt not be burned. Neither shall the flame kindle upon thee. Verse three. For I am the Lord thy God. I want you to say that this morning. For I am the Lord thy God. I am the Lord thy God. The Holy One of Israel, thy Savior. I gave Egypt for thy ransom, Ethiopia and Sa for thee. Friends, he's still the I am this morning. Hallelujah. Well, maybe pull over on this scripture here. I know this is this is simple. I know it's it's elementary, but it ain't a matter whether it's complicated. It's a matter of whether we believe it or not. Amen. Romans 8:28. And we know, not we think or we hope. We know that all things work together for good. I want you to know this morning, you're the biggest employer there is on the face of the earth because everything's working for you. Amen. All things work together. Whether you perceive it's good or not, it's working for you. To them that love God. How many loves God this morning? To them who are called according to his purpose. For whom he did forno. He also did predestinate. He set your destiny to be conformed to the image of his son. He's already made up his mind that that's what's going to happen to you. He set your destiny that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate them, he also called. Whom he called. These are all past tense words. They're not future. He's not doing it. He's done it. Whom he called, them, he also justified. Whom he justified, them he also glorified. And then after Paul says this, he's he's he's saying, "Okay, now what do we have to say about this?" He says, "What shall we then say to these things?" Come on, friends. He said, "If God be for us, Who can be against this? What power can be raised up over you? What can hold you back from your destiny? What can defeat you? What can keep you from fulfilling the word of God in your life? What spirit, what power, death itself is not going to hold me. Friends, there's a people standing here right now on the face of the earth that are going to look death right in the face and they're going to say, "Buddy, not this time. You're not taking me. I'm taking these elements with me." Amen. There's a part of this dirt that's going to unite with my theophony and become my glorified condition. But I claim it right now in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. If God be for us, who can be against us? He that spared not his own son, but delivered him up for us all. How shall he not with him also freely give us all things? I hope the devil's listening this morning. Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It's God that justifieth. Who is he that condemnth? Friends, that old condemning spirit comes around. That ain't God. I I I got to preach this for just a moment. We will pull over. I'm a third of the way through my notes, but I got to I got to drive this home. If you've been born again, you were a sinner saved by grace. But get over it. You're no longer a sinner. You're born of God. You see, we used to think, we used to uh uh uh get the picture in our mind that God wanted to have a family. And you know, he was he was alone. He wanted to have a family and got tired of living alone. That kind of a thing. But our revelation has progressed and has grown and as as as we're maturing and we find out God didn't want to have a family. He wanted to be a family. Amen. Amen. He wants to be a husband. He wants to be the wife. He wants to be the the student that can hold their head up. He wants to be the young person that's not out there listening to rock and roll. He wants to live out his thoughts on the earth and be a testimony. This is this is my thought on the matter. He doesn't want it. Friends, if all it was concerned about was the word, he always had the word. He wanted the word to be manifested. He wanted it to be expressed. He wanted to live out every portion of it. And you are a portion of what he's living out. You are of your thoughts of your father. You're of the gene of your father. That portion of you that came from him is without sin. Amen. We were told when the book came open. See, Luther all through the seven ages. Uh I'm I'm I'm sorry. I am closing. But you see the full message of each age was never preached. There was a mysterious element that remained despite the revelation. Amen. That's right. Which we call the seven thunders. Amen. It's it it's the full message of each age, but there was a mysterious element that was left out. So Luther preached uh uh I'm justified, right? I'm forgiven. Right? It's in the sea of God's forgetfulness. I did it. I did it, but God forgave me. Right? But when the word came fully open, we realized that ain't the whole story. What we find out is I ain't forgiven. I never did it. Now remember, there's two of you sitting here this morning. And if you don't catch that, that part of you that ain't you is going to say, "Now hold on there, fella. Uh you there's a rubber truck waiting for you outside. We got some pills for you. You got delusions here. And I got a scripture for you. You're calling him a liar. You're saying you're without sin. Yes, I am. Listen, you never Oh, I could go so many different directions. I ain't going to. I'm going to try and pull over. We'll save save it for tonight. You never did it to begin with. Right now, think about that. Where were you to begin with? You never did it in the first place. Where were you in the first place? You say, "Well, the scripture says we were chosen of God." Well, that's part of what it says. What's the rest of it say? You were chosen in him. So, everyone that's his is going to come. Sorry, I'm not a vital question. I haven't figured out how to drink water and keep preaching. Although, when I give the spit baths, which are free, there's towels that come with it with the showers. You might wonder there's a part of you that came from him. If there hadn't been a fall, your name was on a book and on that book is God's whole family. And they are going to come by come by the spoken word. Amen. But there was a fall, right? And it looked like Satan got the upper hand. He never did. He isn't. He won't. He never did. He didn't. He did not He did not break God's plan. God knew that was going to happen. And it's how he's expressing himself. We wouldn't know what light is unless there was darkness. We had to see the law of contrast. And you're that you're that expression. You're the light where there's darkness. Well, they're criticizing me. Of course, darkness is criticizing you. But press on. You're the light. Amen. So you were in him. Looked like there was a It looked like God's plan was messed up, right? There were names on a book. It's the family of God, attributes of God. All the family that's going to come forth and every one of them will be a son or daughter of God. So there was a fall and it looks like, oh man, it's it's hopeless. How are they going to come forth? Well, guess what? Satan did not interrupt God's plan at all. Every name that was on that book is still coming forth. Amen. But they're coming forth by a second birth. Is that right? Yes. And if you could get the revelation this morning, if it could break on you that when you are born again by his spirit as a true son or daughter of God, if if if you would have been spoke into existence and came onto the earth as you were supposed to, if you could get the revelation this morning that when you do come forth by your second birth, it's the same as you would have in the first birth. Amen. Amen. The difference is you've got this pest house to battle against, but you're the same person. You're the same son or daughter that would have come forth. And you're what the blood was shed for. He didn't come to save everybody that was lost. Actually, he did. He did come to save everybody that was lost, but not everybody was lost. to lose something. You know, uh if I said to uh uh uh brother Isaac this morning, "Brother Isaac, you lost my keys." Brother Isaac would look at me kind of strange. "Well, you don't even have a car. What are you talking about?" You know, you're He flew over here. What are you talking about? Brother Isaac would say to me, "I don't have your keys." "Oh, you you lost my keys." "Well, I never had them. How could I lose them?" You can't lose something you never had. He came to seek and to save that which was lost. And what was lost was his sons and his daughters, but he knew where they were at all along. And Jesus made the boast. He said, "I thank you, Father. All that you've given me, they're going to come. I got their names written on my hand, on my pulse. I'm not going to lose one. I took off my royal robes. I found a treasure buried in the field and I came and I bought the whole earth. I traded everything. I paid the full price. I bought the field. Because of what was buried in the field. And when I found what was buried in the field, I went and rearied them in the same field and I bought the field. Friends, Satan heard that boast. Satan heard go uh Jesus making that statement. He thought, "Oh man, he bit off more than he could chew." Now, that means because he knew there'd be millions, billions of people living on the world, and he thought, "How's he going to know who are his and who isn't?" I I don't know who they are. He didn't even know that was the son of God. You say, "Well, yes, he did. Then why'd he crucify him?" He figured it out when the pillar of fire showed up that had been when that same Oh, hallelujah. He knew the one that spoke. Amen. and said, "Let there be. Let there be." He knew that one. The theophenite Christ. But when it was hidden behind the veil, he wasn't sure. He tested him like he did all the other prophets. Are you that one? So he said, "If thou be the son of God." You don't say, "If if you know who it is, if thou be." That's why he's doing it to you, friends. He says, "If you're a son of God, Isaac, but it's up to you to say, well, wait a minute. There ain't no if about it. I am a son of God. Don't wait for him to tell you. You're the one that has to know who you are. I found myself in the volume of the book. I found my name. I'm the I'm the overcomer of Leosa. I'm the one who's alive and remains. I'm the one that's not going to pass the baton. I'm the one that's taken full possession. I'm the one that's got the title deed. I'm the one that's got the full word. I'm the one that's eating this. I'm the one that's met Christ myself. I've taken that book from his hand. I'm eating it. And now I'm prophesying again. Hallelujah. Finishing the great commission that couldn't be finished until this age. Hallelujah. Because this gospel must be preached again. This gospel. And then shall the end come. This gospel, the full word. Amen. Amen. The Omega church. Oh, hallelujah. Blessed be his wonderful name. Hallelujah. So if there hadn't been a fall, you would have come for it. There was a fall. You're still coming for it. But Satan says, you know, I don't know who are and who isn't. So I'm going to bury this guy in religion. I'm going to bury this guy. I I don't know what your background is, friends. So if I say something and it don't apply to, don't be offended. I'll point to these chairs. I'll bury this guy in sin. I'll bury this guy uh uh uh with a sex demon. I'll bury this guy with alcohol problem. I'll bury this guy with a mixed marriage. I'll bury this guy with Amen. Whatever. I I'll bury this guy with three three wives. Come on, church. I'll bury him so far in sin that God will never find that seed. But that's why we've got the story of the woman at the well. Because when that light came over that over that gentile, when that light came across your path and that moisture that she'd been hungering and thirsting for, that seed was buried so far in sin, but he knew who was his. When that light struck, up she came. She went running through the streets. This is the one. This is that. This is that. This is that. Amen. How many are How many are here this morning that you can say, you know, the word of the hour that's coming in this day. This is that. Amen. This is that the fulfillment is right here. Amen. God's fulfilling his word and it's right here in a human vessel. Oh friends, I'm speaking to your soul this morning. Get your mind out of the way. Get your feelings out of the way. Get your past out of the way. Get your future. Get your history. Whatever you did, whatever you didn't do, set it all aside. There is therefore no condemnation to those that are in Christ Jesus. None. Who can lay anything against the charge of God's elect? Who can who can point their finger at you this morning? Who can point their finger at you? It's God that justifith. Isn't that what we read? He's the one that justifies. If he said, "I never did it." Somehow I got to believe that. It seems impossible, but he's talking about a part of me that I didn't know existed. Amen. But when that light came, there was a deep call into the deep and it struck that part of me. That son of God that's inside of me. I never did it in the first place because in the first place, I was in him. That's right. That thought was in him. That's where I was. and I'm going back to him. I have no beginning. I have no ending. So when that devil who's a tool in the hands of God comes along and tries to point you to your past, tell him, "You know what, Lucifer? Before you were, I was. You're not the one that justifies me. He is. He told me I never did it. You want to point to everything that I've done wrong? He said, "I never did it." It's God that justif. There is therefore no condemnation to those that are in Christ Jesus. Amen. Amen. You were guilty. You were on prison row. You did deserve death. You were under the curse of death. But God who's rich in mercy, you who once were dead in sins and trespasses, walking were as all the others. But God who's rich in mercy quicken that portion in you that came from him. And that's the part that we're speaking to you this morning. That's the part that's coming forth. That's the part that we're ministering to. That's the part that's overcoming. That's the part of you that never did it. That's the part that was in Abraham that God recognized. He said Abraham never doubted. Up here he did. Down there he didn't. You say, "But I was afraid." Up here you might be, but down here you don't. It's settled. You're going on. If there's only one that's going to be there, it's me. Why? Cuz he said so. He paid the debt. He paid the price. He made the way. I'm going to be there. He said it. He's the one that justifies. So the devil will come along. You did this and you've got this problem and you still friends. How long are we going to put up with that? You know, really, you're one of my kitties. Why do I hate you then, devil? Come on. Do you realize that everyone that really genuinely wants to serve God, they have to be a child of God? You desire that because that's your daddy. You're going to make mistakes. You're going to have to say, "I'm sorry. There's only one that ever walked the face of the earth." had never had to apologize. Amen. The rest of us, we're going to have to apologize for this guy. Amen. Let me get just give you this example. I'm trying to pull over. I really have. Let me give you this example. Remember when brother Brandham uh uh was he was showed a a plow coming running over the fence back home and uh a white picket fence and he that this guy was kind of carrying on and he says, "You can't do that. What are you doing?" And on and on and on. You know, we won't go through the details, but uh the guy smarts off to him. So, brother Brand, dukes him one, guy hits the ground, he picks him up, hits him again, hits the ground, picks him up, hits him again. He does that until he goes all the way down the hill. Then he picks him up and he says, "I ain't mad at you. I just want you to know that you can't talk to me that way." Right? Now, that's being angry and sinning, not all things are are legal, but not all things are expedient. So, so he was told when you see this coming avoid that. He would have done that, right? And we we would look at that and say, "Oh, you know, if he did that, you know, you got to overcome this, that, and the other." It is overcome. It is overcome. You can be angry and not sin. In fact, you better get angry. There better be some righteous indignation that raises up in you. Amen. When you see Heather and Ellen, you know, saying their their wife and wife and Bill and Bob, and it wasn't Adam and Steve, it was Adam and Eve. Something rises up in you, and you say, "That's just perverted." Right now, you're not going to go take somebody's head off, but it rises up in you and you say, "That's wrong." If it wasn't there, you you'd let somebody ravish your wife and say, you know, well, that's, you know, you shouldn't do that. Maybe. No, there you got a backbone. Amen. Something something in you rises up. You ain't doing that to my wife. Amen. I'm angry. I'm not sinning. I'm going to take your head off. You ain't touching my wife. Go a host, rise up against me. I shall not fear. Oh, blessed be his wonderful name. We are stopping. Who is he that condemnth? It's Christ that died, yay, rather, that is risen again, who is even at the right hand of God, who also maketh intercession for us, who shall separate us from the love of Christ. Who shall tribulation, distress, Obamacare? What? I don't I don't have an opinion one way or another. I don't care. Some people do, but I guess that's why they call it care. Those are the cares of this life. I already got assurance. Shall tribulation or distress or persecution or famine or nakedness or peril or sword? Listen friends, there's not a hair on your head that the devil can touch without first getting permission from God. He can't do anything to you without first going by God and saying, "Can I put this trial on?" Amen. And God will God will say, "Uh uh, nope. He ain't ready for that. Put that on the staff." Or he'll say, "Yep. Yeah, he's ready for that. You know, you're going to get your your wing sins there, devil, but no, go ahead. All that's going to do is bring out that's going to prove that my son's my son. because I know what's in them. You say, "But what about all the trials that I go through, brother?" God has confidence in you this morning. In the real you down on the inside, not on your brain, your mental power, that part of you that's been quickened by the living word. Friends, if we had half as much confidence in God's word as he has in what he's placed in you, there wouldn't be a feeble one amongst us. We're coming to it. We are. What shall we say then? If we're the final voice, how are we going to be defeated? Everything that Christ has been has been given unto us to use. Amen. You believe that? Amen. So, we need to get out of our minds this morning that we're backsliders. We need to get out of our minds that we'll never amount to anything. You need to quit that lion confession. I'm just a poor, pitiful, frail excuse for a life. You know that that is not humility. That's a lie. What did he say about you? Sinless, spotless, virtuous. I have made her that friends. That book, that sealed book, nobody could look at it. Nobody could touch it. But the worthy one came, open the book, and then he tells John, "Come take it." John couldn't look at it before. Now he's worthy. Why? Because the worthy one made him worthy. Is that right? We've got to have confidence this morning that what God has done for us, what he's made you, who you really are. So when that accuser comes around and talks to you like that, you you need to remind him, you know what, Satan, it's God that justifith. It ain't up to you to tell me whether I am or I'm not. It's God that justifith. Let me just leave you with this thought. You know, there was a something that raised up in our day and it's kind of a smart alec thing, but kind of cute in the way, but with smart out. Yeah, it ain't cute when somebody says it, but you know, there was a time when somebody doesn't want to talk to you. You're giving them a hard time, they just walk by. Talk to them. You ever heard that? Like a valley girl. Talk to them. I ain't talking to you. I I don't even I don't even You're just talking to them, right? What we need to do is when the devil comes and says you did this and you got that problem and you'll never amount to anything and all that, you need to say talk to the word. Look, look, you're telling me that that I'm not justified. Let's go talk to God about this. Come on. How about that, devil? You and me. Let's go talk to him. Now you repeat the hymn what you just told me because it's him that justifith and let's see if his confession is the same as yours. Why do we listen to that fella? Why do we let him beat us down? Why do we let him keep us living under our privileges? It's an identity crisis that's starting to leave. Amen. It's starting to lift. Is that right? as we begin to recognize who we really are, what our origin is, where we're going to, what you're here for, so just go ahead and remind that devil, yes, devil, I was worthy of death because of the mess you got me into by making me subject to sin nature because I became subject to vanity, not willingly. But the guy that you're condemning, he's already dead. And you can't try the same man twice for the same crime. Go ahead and hang him. He's dead. You want to hang a dead man, go ahead. But I'm not the man that you say I am. I'm not identifying with that old man. I'm born again of God. I am God's seed, and his seed remainth in me. So, are you trying to tell me that something that came from God could be sin? No, sir. So, Satan, I cast you down. I cast down all your reasoning against the word, and I take what the word declares about me over what you say about me. Your accuser will tell you this morning, God doesn't hear your prayers. There's no need for you to go on, but your accuser is cast out. Amen. He can't lay a charge against the elect of God. But you're the one that has to confess it. It's got to come from your lips. You believe that? You've got to take authority that's been given to you. The victory is yours, but you've got to enforce it. You've got to take it. God placed you where you're at this morning. He's molding you. He's shaping you by the pressures of life that are unique to Desplaines or Des De Moines I mean. Amen. Des Plains is where my grandmother lived in Chicago in De Moines. Fact we used to come through here on the way to Illinois 30 years ago. I used to come through Iowa every year way to Illinois and Indiana to visit grandparents. He knows your end and he knows what it takes to get you there. And we're crying double portion of grace because we know it has nothing to do with anything that we did. It's everything what he's done. Do you believe that? Amen. God's image of you this morning is not of a weak need crybaby that has everything handed to him all the time. We might have started that way and we all did with a pacifier in our mouth and we might have had to be petted and burped and spoonfed. But at the end of our trials, at the end of our what? We're mature. We're solid. We're unmoving. We're unflinching in the face of every devil. We're armed. We're dangerous. We've got a razor sharp sword that's been proven. We're schooled. We're trained. And we're ready to do battle. Amen. Let's stand to our feet this morning. Hallelujah. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Oh my. Oh, Brother Baker. We're not supposed to tempt the devil. Anybody ever heard that saying? Oh man, don't don't tempt the devil. You know, if you keep saying this stuff, you're going to get him afraid or you're going to get him mad and he's going to be after us all. I don't read where the scripture says don't tempt the devil, but I do say where it see where it says don't tempt God. I ain't picking a fight with the devil. I'm in a fight with him. Amen. Now, I got three choices. I I'll stop with this. The book's closed. Notes are gone. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." I got three choices here this morning. I can I can say, "All right, I'm not going to fight. I'll just cohabitate with the devil. Land for peace, right? He can just stay here and squat on the land and we'll just live and let live. Who am I to judge?" The word judges. And if the word is in you, the word judges sin. Amen. So it's it's judged in you. You're the one that's being purged first by the word. Is that right? So you've got a choice. You can say, "Well, you know, just sra and who am I to judge and that that's maybe not my cup of tea, but you go ahead and live there and we'll cohabitate in the same land." Which is kind of the direction our nation is headed, right? Or you can say, "Well, every time the devil comes at me, I'll pick up my sword and I'll fight him." You're going to be pretty busy. Right? And you're going to get tired of just constantly defending yourself. Don't you get tired of that after a while? Just defend defend this criticism, that criticism, this charge, that charge, this coming against you, that coming against you. You're just defending, right? Or you can say, you know what, devil? Uh, we're not cohabitating. Uh, here's your eviction notice. Get off my land. I'm taking what belongs to me. been to the enemy's camp. I'm taking back what he stole from me. Amen. You can say, "You know what, devil? I read in the word, this is my land. You're squatting actually right here, brother Brooks. This is my land. You've been squatting here. You've been influencing. You were once the ruler here, and I was the slave. But I'm taking it back. As long as I'm here on the earth, I'm going to walk in health because I need this body to serve God. Amen. Amen. I'm taking authority by the by the word of God. The word has given me. So this isn't land for peace. I've given you a notice. Devil, get out. Amen. And if you and and and I'm not just giving you a notice. When I find you on my land, I'm going to burn you out. Amen. I'm talking about a scorched earth policy here. Amen. We ain't I'm going to burn up the crops that you were that you planted crops in my land before I got here. I'm going to burn them up so you have nothing to live off of. I'm going to burn up memories. I'm going to burn up associations. I'm going to burn up things that you used to feed on in my life. I'm going to burn them up. You're not going to find them any longer. You're going to find scorched earth. Yes, sir. And every time I find you on my land, which I will because he's not just going to walk off your land. You got to move him. Every place you put your foot, you're going to find him there. But you got to tell him, I'm putting you on notice. Get out. Anxiety. I've put up with you long enough. There is no fear. Amen. He has taken away my fear. He's told me to fear not. I challenge you. Come on, friends. Whatever it might be this morning, whatever it is that you're facing, and we're all facing something, and the devil wants to tell you this morning, well, if you're a Christian, what are you facing that for? I'm facing it because I'm a Christian. Amen. I'm facing it down. And I'm telling you, devil, your time here is limited. Amen. Amen. I'm taking what belongs to me. Friends, if somebody broke into your house and stole things from you, what would you do about it? What are we going to do this morning? We might have Maybe the devil stole your joy. I don't know, friends. I don't know who you are. I don't I I'm not trying to be somebody here's missing joy or somebody's got a backachche. Whatever. Come on. Amen. But God has given you things that belong to you. And we need to take an inventory this morning. We need to go down the list. Let's see. I I had joy. Do I still got that? Where's that at? Do I got peace? Uh do I have healing? Do I have faith? Uh do I have right? Go right on down that list. And if you find something missing, you need to fill out a report with the police department, with the Holy Spirit. You need to fill it out and say, "Lord Jesus, I possess this. I don't know where it's at. It's missing somehow. I don't If it's in my house, Lord, show me where it's at. But if the devil's taken it from me, I want it back. So, I want to report this missing this morning. And I release you to go out there and find it for me and bring it back. Amen. How many believes that this morning? If he paid for it, if he purchased it, it belongs to you. But you've got to enforce the claims of God in your life. Amen. You've got to stand this morning and say, "It belongs to me." Amen. I'm not going to live a mediocre life. I'm not going to live a life of condemnation. God's not condemning me. I'm not going to live a life. He's the one that justified me. He loves me. Amen. He's doing everything he can to make sure that I make it. He's paid the price. He's went to every extreme. Friends, God's not trying to send you to hell. He's trying to redeem you. We got to fight against that. Well, well, Brother Baker, how could I miss it? By by not believing that he wants to do that for you. Well, I'm unworthy. That's a lie from the pits of hell. He's made you worthy. Amen. I'm no good. He's You're the apple of his eye. I'm not righteous. He's He knew that. He granted for you to be robed in his righteousness. It was granted for you to be arrayed in white linen, which is pure and white, which is the righteousness of we've got to enforce it this morning. How many of your challenged this morning? I am. I I'm preaching to myself half the time, friends. I get a thought and I get stirred up and I think, you know what, Lord? I want to live that. I want to take that for. That's a good thought, Lord. I want to live that in my life. Just because we're a minister doesn't mean we've arrived. If I've arrived, then what am I still doing here? We're in this together. Amen. We're putting our shoulder behind one another and we're saying, "Let's go. Let's take it. We're more than able to take the lamb. Let's take it at once. Let's take it in haste. Let's quit going around and around the mountain. Let's take what belongs to us. Let's bow our heads. Divine heavenly father. Oh God, we just Lord, first of all, we just want to tell you how much we love you, how much we praise you, how much we thank you, Lord, how much you mean to us. Oh God, we when I look back at my life, Lord, there was a time when I I didn't I I was without hope, Lord. I was miserable. I was bitter. I I I had I I thought everybody was this world was just so cruel. There was no good in this world. Everybody was out to deceive. Everybody was out to shake you down. Lord, I I I looked for truth. And it just depended on who I talked to. I'd get partial truth and a lot of explanations that didn't make a whole lot of sense. Lord, there was something in me that thought if your word was true, then why aren't we seeing it lived out in this day as we've we read about the the mighty conquests of the heroes of the faith in the days gone by? But where are you at in this hour? And we're told, Lord, we were told by Baptist ministers and different ones that that you don't do these things anymore. That you you did it all 2,000 years ago, but now it's it it's all done. And yet, Lord, I could look around and I could see the enemy on every side. I could see the enemy on the rampage. I knew that he was real and he's he's doing works. just a just a real destroyer, just a a real perverter and a a liar and a deceiver. Lord, I never never wanted any part of him. But Lord, even in all of that, I I knew I wasn't living right, but I knew that, Lord, I'd hear the word. I' I'd go to revival. I'd go to different things, and I get stirred up and and I think, I I'm never doing this again. I'm never doing that again. Tomorrow's going to be a change. I'm turning over a new leaf. that Lord, I would find it. It was a roller coaster that I was on. I would find that each time that I would fall, I would fall further than the last time. And Lord, I actually got to the place where I thought there was no hope. I wondered if I'd crossed the line. I wondered if I'd send away my day of grace. Lord, I knew that I couldn't live the life. I knew it. But what I didn't know, Lord, was that you never asked me to live the life. You asked me to surrender to you and let the life come and live in me that you would do the work, Lord. And so we that was held over my head. I was the devil would tell me I was unworthy. The devil was telling me that I was no good, that I was a wretch, and that that really you're probably going to send me to hell anyway. I'm just not good enough. And and Lord, I I I kind of halfway believed him. But Lord, one day, one day you made it real to me. Father, you showed me that that in the in the full surrender to you, believing that you paid that price. In the full surrender, believing that the one that wrote this word would come down and do the works that would would you would do in me what I could never do. Lord, when I finally let go and said, "God, I can't do it." That's when you that's when it broke. Lord, that's when you told me, "Well, see, son, I I finally got you to the place that I wanted you to get to. While you were thrashing there in the water, I couldn't save you. I had to wait for you to to go limp so that I could jump in and pull you pull you safely in." Oh, God, what a what a different world it is that I'm walking in now, Lord. Father, there was a a time when I couldn't go a week without feeling like I was just hopeless and gone. But Lord, you've settled that for me. I'm not looking at myself any longer. I'm looking at you, the author, the finisher. I'm not looking at the outer man. Lord, I I want to bring that into subjection. And I'm not happy, Lord, when the outer man gets out from under the the uh authority of the word. And Lord, maybe I'm not prayed up like I should be or or get a little lax and I find that flesh come up and get influenced in a way that it shouldn't. But then Lord, I I come right to you and I say, "I'm sorry, Lord." And you say, "Son, I I forgive you." And now get up. Keep going. Keep going. I've got an end for you. An expected end. I I I just grab a hold of my hand. I've got a hold of you, son. I won't let go. Just Just keep holding on. Oh God, Father, I pray for this this precious body here of of of believers, Lord. this of of gene of your gene, flesh of your flesh, bone of your bone, word of your word, the purchase of your blood. Father, the reason that you sent a prophet in this age, the reason that you went to Calvary, the reason that you took off your royal robes and came down and became one of us and gave up all your supernatural powers and and defeated the enemy with by the word and the word only, showing us how we would defeat the our enemy in our lives, in our day, not by our ability, not by intelligence or reasoning, but by your word, oh God. Father, I just pray for this precious body here this morning. Whatever the needs are, I pray that the faith would rise through the the roof here this morning, Lord. Father, that we would believe for the impossible, for all things are possible to them that believe. Lord, if there's a deep call, I believe there's a something to answer. You wouldn't give us a desire if there wasn't something to meet that desire. You wouldn't give us a thirst if there wasn't something to quench that thirst. Father, as we commit these people into your hands, Lord, we just we just ask, Father, whatever the needs might be, Father, that ra that faith would raise to the level that we would step forth and grab a hold of what belongs to us. Lord, we know that you work so many different ways. And we're not trying to tell you or dictate, Lord, but we're what we are asking, Lord, is is uh we we want to go higher, Lord, where we we don't want to stay where we're at. We want to keep going. Keep keep walking in this faith walk. Lord, bring your people to a higher level. Father, strengthen the pastor. Strengthen the the the the officers, the musicians, the all the different workers here of the body, Lord. And Father, may they just keep their focus and keep that fist drawn tight, Lord, to give that devil the knockout punch that that he deserves here in De Moine. Grant it this morning, Lord. Father, we love you. We praise you. and we commit all things into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Do you love him this morning? Amen. Blessed be his wonderful name.
