################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2014-03-17 - By Him Actions Are Weighed - 2014 02 16m - Pastor Isiah Brooks - Isiah Brooks.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2014-03-17
Title:   By Him Actions Are Weighed - 2014 02 16m - Pastor Isiah Brooks
Speaker: Isiah Brooks
Church:  Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-nrhu9Sh_0
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
By Him Actions Are Weighed
Pastor Isiah Brooks
Recorded - 2014 02 16m
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. Hallelujah. You love the Lord. What a wonderful, wonderful time. Amen. You will always have if you allow it to quicken you. Ain't God good? We appreciate the Lord Jesus. Everything that has been said and done. You may be seated for just a moment. Now, I don't know how true this report is. Um, I should have brought my phone in like I intended to, but I just quickly forgot. Um, oh, okay. By the grace of God, amen. Uh we got a report uh from uh one of the pastors there in in Congo and uh his church was shut down because he didn't have theological uh degree and he wrote and said500 churches have been shut down. Now um I got his name back there. I just can't think of it right now. But I want you to know that it's going to happen anyway. Whether it be true or not, we realize what God said is coming our way. Uh so I want you to understand that's why I'm going to be preaching this message. I was uh last week we preached on uh the gathering of the people. We showed you how the message came to gather us not to uh some denomination or organization but it came to gather us to Jesus Christ himself. And uh there must be a union. Amen. Uh that you and I must have otherwise we're going to miss this whole thing. Uh churchity is good. To be nice is good. To be uh a good person is a good thing. But uh the principle of the New Testament gospel be is based upon being born again. And you and I must be born again. And you and I must reach a a a place of maturity in Christ. It's not an option. It is what we must allow God to do for us. So, I want you to know that this that the enemy is on the move and uh you all who have been, you know, borderlining, we we better get it right. Amen. Now, I say this to encourage you. Uh we know that it's going to happen. How many how many of us have been really having mind battles? Oh my god. There is nothing like it. Uh you know, I can remember Amen. as a child or or a young Christian, you know, we have mind battles every now and again. Uh and now it's a constant mind battle. And I inquired of the Lord and and and I believe this morning uh God answered my prayer and he said to me that Satan is trying to instill fear in the people. Fear of being left behind. Fear of not being the bride. Fear. And the Bible tells us that fear is a tormenting spirit. It is of the devil. Come on, somebody. Now, I want you to understand, you don't have to be afraid. Amen. The word of God was brought to us through the prophet of God in the message shalom. Fear not. Peace be to the bride of Jesus Christ. And and if you believe that your bride Amen. And you you believe that with all of your heart, then God gave that to you. Amen. And no man can take that away from you. So I want you to realize, Amen. the pressure, the squeeze, Amen. All of these things that uh uh and I believe the uh message is authentic because it came from my precious brother uh Alistister there in South Africa. the brother wrote him and uh of course it circulated a lot of places and and I'm trusting and believing that uh you understand that it always start from the east and sweeps to the west. So you better understand that we're now living in a tight time. What we're getting ready to embrace in this coming year. Amen. Only God knows. But I just trust that by the grace of God, God will give us the right words to to utter. the right words to say that will prepare a little bride uh uh um for the coming of the Lord. Now remember we said last week a house divided cannot stand and you and I amen are keepers of one another. Is that right? You and I are keepers. We are responsible Amen. for each other. And uh if we if we can't be responsible for each other, then we're not even we won't even be in the bride because remember I shared and I haven't even got to the message yet, but I'm coming. Remember I shared last uh not long ago uh that that spirit I don't care. And I showed you where that originated from and it came from Cain. Am I my brother's keeper? See, you cannot allow yourself to adopt that kind of of of of now I I don't care what people think about me being a Christian. That that's properly used. But when you say, "I don't care when your brother's in trouble. I don't care about somebody's soul." You see what I'm saying? Then you then you're in pro you you got problems even with God, right? You can't even love your brother, right? You can't love God without loving your brother. Amen. Let's stand. Maybe we get some more on that in this evening. I don't know. I I just feel like encouraging you this morning because I realize, Amen, that we're living in the last days and and and and things are sweeping now. This brother in in the Congo was building a new church and they stopped him for even finishing his church. So, um, we realize, Amen. We're we're at a time that Satan is, um, really, uh, uh, uh, getting to the people. And we hope by the grace of God, you have a refuge. You have a refuge. 1 Samuel, please. You know it's coming, right? I really believe that I have would have had a call by now or some type of letter because I've had this for a few days now. Uh on top of this, my computer went out on me. Then my son and I was trying to fix some things yesterday and then I discovered last night that almost all my documents that I've made vanished. Uh was left with just a few things. And so last night I'm thinking, Lord, what on earth is going on with all the battles and things and because my computer was where I listen to brother Brandham's message and things like that and anyway, by the grace of God, uh I think he was trying to make me sad. uh you know but he got another thought coming you know because God you know it's like when that man in the airport asked me oh you that kind of a Christian that carries his Bible I said no I said my Bible is written on the tables of my heart and all I've got to do is think about him and I got joy amen sick the other day I don't want to miss saying that we were supposed to go up to uh uh Ames there as a Bible study I mean I I really felt like that flu was getting ready to go for juggler. My ear was hurting. My eyes were hurting. Oh my. I'm like, "Oh, Lord Jesus." I was just really feeling bad. Brother Keith called me. I couldn't even answer the phone. I said, "I can't talk to nobody right now." But by the grace of God, that next morning when I woke up, God had touched this old man's body. It's been a This is a miracle. If you ever if you've ever been hit with the flu, there's no way, no one day. Whatever it was, it started a little bit Wednesday and I was battling then, but then God comes along and he just fully touched me. It is a miracle. Now, you you don't you don't you said, "Brother Brooks, you don't look like you had the flu. I don't care what I look like. I just know what God did to me." Amen. Amen. Somebody prayed. Amen. And I'm glad. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let us go. Amen. To 1 Samuel, please. We're going to start with the second chapter. Beginning at the first verse. And Hannah prayed and said, "My heart rejoices in the Lord. My horn is exalted in the Lord. My mouth is enlarged over my enemies. Because I rejoice in thy salvation." Listen. Because I rejoice in thy salvation. There is the victory. There is none holy as the Lord, for there is none beside thee, neither is there any rock like our God. Talk no more so exceeding proudly. Let not arrogancy come out of your mouth, for the Lord is a God of knowledge, and by him actions are weighed. And that's my subject. By him actions are weighed. The bows of the end of the mighty men are broken. And they that stumbled are girdled with strength. They that were full have hired out themselves for bread. And they that are were hungry ceased. So that the barren have borne seven. Hello somebody. So we can't miss it. Hannah's prophecy says she bore seven seven church ages. Hallelujah. Amen. And she have many ch her a and she that have many children is wax feeble. Come on. We know what it is out there. Yes sir. The Lord killth and maketh alive. He bringeth down to the grave and bringeth up. Hallelujah. The Lord maketh poor and maketh rich. He bringeth the law and lifted up. He raised up the poor out of the dust and lifted up the beggar uh uh from the dungill to set them among princes and to make them inherit the throne of God. For the pillars of the earth are the lords and he have set the world upon them. Hello. He that overcomemeth I will make him a pillar. Hallelujah. Amen. and he will keep the feet of his saints, and the wicked shall be silenced in darkness. For by strength shall no man prevail. The adversaries of the Lord shall be broken to pieces. Out of heaven shall he thunder upon them, and the Lord shall judge the end of the earth, and he shall give strength unto his kings, and exalt the horn of his anointed. Huh? Oh my Lord, we come before you as humbly as we know how. And we thank you for your grace. We thank you for your mercy. We thank you for your love, divine, and everything that you have done for us. Lord, you've been better to us than we've been to ourselves. Father, forgive us of all of our sins, all of our shortcomings, all of our fears, all of our unbeliefs and doubts, Lord. Oh God, those things that Satan have tried, oh God, to uh penetrate us with, but Lord, you got a wall of fire, hallelujah, about us, Father. And we thank you for your grace. We thank you for your mercy. We thank you for your love. Lord, have thine own way here this morning. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. We'd like to say this morning, we are truly a blessed people. Amen. There are no others like we like those of us who are been born have been born again of the spirit of the living God. Amen. And think about it, people. We have come, amen, to a time, amen, that this race is almost over. Amen. Is that all right? Amen. You say, "Well, brother Brooks, I'm not sure whether I rather whether I want it to be over." Praise God. I'm glad. Amen. That this time period is not based upon our feelings. Amen. Hallelujah. But it's based upon what God has already established. And by the grace of God, he'll not go one second beyond the time he said he would return. Amen. I uh come to church. We were listening and hear a song I hadn't heard in a long time. He said he's coming back because he said he would and that he was coming soon. And I thought, Lord, Amen. What a wonderful s song. Amen. Even though I didn't like the song, but I like the words. Amen. So, by the grace of God, I I just want to encourage you because I want you to understand that the thing that brother Brandon was trying to bring to us was a supernatural world. Hallelujah. And he basically showed us that the only way that you can get there is that you must be born supernaturally. Amen. Now, you and I were born natural. We were born natural. And that was the only way. You've heard me say that again before. We were born in this world. We weren't plant transplanted. Neither were we brought here by some alien. But there took a mating, amen, of a mother and a father that conceived you in the heart of the earth or the womb of the earth. Is that right? Amen. And they brought you forth. You had to come through trials. You had to come through pressure. You had to come through what we call a squeeze to get here. No doubt. Amen. As I said last week, Amen. If if if I was a child or a child that was just born and could speak or talk, Amen. We no doubt would say, "It was a rough time coming, but I made it." Amen. So, you and I must realize there's no other way to be born into heaven other than the rough way. Hello. The prophet of God said, "It's a mess." It is truly a mess. And you say, "Well, oh, brothers, I'm born again. I know I've been born again." But you must realize, Amen. There is a time of maturing. Amen. Come on. Now, probably God preached a message statue of a perfect man. And he said that every one of those virtues are victories. God just don't give it to you. God just don't drop it in your lap. Amen. But it is a time testing. It is a thing that you and I must go through. We must live it. We must fight. Amen. until we die. We didn't come here for a picnic, but we came to declare, amen, who Jesus Christ is and that he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Is that all right? Amen. Romans, Amen. Romans 8:11 said, "But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwells in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal body." Amen. Is that all right? Amen. Because I want you to realize Amen. A lot of times we think we've got so much to do. The only thing we must do, and you've heard me say it again, someday or somehow it must penetrate your heart. The only laboring, amen, a true child of God does or must do, and that is to labor into his rest. Right? You must labor until you come into his rest. Let me say it again. You must labor. Amen. Until you come into his rest. And that's why it's so difficult for us in this age because we are in the most laziest age ever, right? We don't like to work. We don't like hard stuff. Come on, somebody. But it is to labor. And let me say it like this. You're not going to find too many message churches preaching what I'm talking about. They're going to tell you, "Amen, you got it once you believe it." Hallelujah. But it's deeper than that. That's not just not He's not talking about a head belief. He's talking about a heart belief. And wherever there's a true belief, there is a action. Amen. After the reaction, y'all hear what I'm saying? It is a labor. That's why so many people, amen, got it intellectually. They know how to quote the word, to quote the prophet. They know how to do all those things. But it ain't about that. It's about the life. Amen. That must follow you after the belief. Amen. You hear what I'm saying? It's not that we receive God. It's that God receives us. He is the one that stamps the the approval into our soul. Amen. that we have met the qualifications of a true believer. Now, I'm going to show you, we said last week, we were more than conquerors. So, I I'm going to read this quote again so you can understand, amen, that you you're not the conqueror, he is. Now, but if you get him on the inside, you become the conqueror. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. If you pouring a cup pouring a glass of Pepsi into my glass out of a Pepsi bottle, it's not going to change the Pepsi. The Pepsi going to still be Pepsi in my glass. Hallelujah. No matter though I might be shaped different than the bottle. Hallelujah. But it's the substance that I'm looking for, not the bottle. Amen. Hallelujah. That's why Paul said, "We don't know Jesus Christ no more after the flesh. We know him after the spirit. It's the substance. Amen. That we're looking for. The mighty conqueror. He died as a witness to the earth, to a witness to the prophet, a 33y old. He conquered the cross. He conquered the shame. He conquered every devil. What? He conquered your devil. He conquered your devil. He conquered your devil. I don't care what your devil is. He conquered your devil. every devil. And when he was dying, Jehovah God turned his face on him and he died alone, forsaken by God and man. And in the midst of all, he was more than a conqueror. Amen. Oh, I feel pretty religious right now. He was more than a conqueror in the face of every difficult death itself and forsaken of God. Hallelujah. Even when you feel like you're forsaken, you're still a conqueror. Hallelujah. He conquered that feeling. He conquered that emotion. He conquered all of that for you and I. Hallelujah. Oh my. He walked to the front line like a conqueror. Died in such a way to even the people who stood by had to witness that he was. The earth shook and took a nervous prostration. A chill run open over its back for shame. And its own creator had dropped had to drop his blood on the earth to redeem it. The moon and the stars refused to shine. The Roman centurion said, "Truly, that was the son of God." Pilate said, "I washed my hands from him." Judas the Scar said, "I betrayed innocent blood." What was it? Everything that he had recognized him. He everything had to recognize him. He'd been prophesied. This is the Garden of Eden, the woman's seed, all prophets, everything gave. Notice it spoke forward to that time when the greatest conqueror when he would come and conquer everything that Adam lost in the fall. Conquered. If he didn't conquer it, there will not be a resurrection. But because he conquered, that is a resurrection. There is a translation. There is a change of the body. There are Christians on the earth because he conquered it. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Is that all right? Amen. He says, "Listen, and we don't have to worry about it. We're safe in his arms." Hallelujah. Those of us who've been born again, chosen of God, we're safe in his arms. Hallelujah. We're hiding under the shelter of his wings. Oh my God. Hallelujah. You mean the almighty God uh can shelter me under eagle's wings? That's where I am this morning. That's where you are this morning. Put your trust in God and God alone. Is it a notice? Before the flood, not one drop of water had ever fallen until Noah and all that would be saved from the flood was inside the ark and the doors closed. Woo! Come on, somebody. And we see that before one lump of fire could fall from the heavens of Sodom and Gomorrah, that Lot had to leave the city and be altogether out of the way of judgment. Oh, come on, somebody. Oh, can't you hear what he's saying? Hallelujah. For the righteous judge could not judge that just uh uh with the unjust because the believer has already been judged when Christ was judged in his place. Amen. Oh my God. Oh my God. How can you sit still like that? Hallelujah. That know that you've already been judged by Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Yes, brother. No more judging. Oh, right. Now, hallelujah. You're sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. You can't sit there and be a sinner. You must be saved, holy, and sanctified. That's the only way you could ever be in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. It ain't got nothing to do with this old nasty flesh that's that's covering you right now. Hallelujah. Derek, you can't put no trust in the flesh. The Bible said, "Put no trust in your flesh." That's not where my trust is. My hope and trust in Jesus Christ alone. man has said once since the ages began. Listen, he says all after he's already accepted our judgment in Christ. Is that right? Let me say this folk. Therefore, it would be unjust for the holy God to judge them again after he's already accepted our judgment in Christ. That's how come you missed the judgment. Amen. Because he was he judged Jesus Christ. And when Jud Jesus Christ was being judged, guess where you were? You were in him. Hallelujah. You were in him. Hallelujah. So as he conquered, you conquered, too. And the devil say you can't make it. He's a liar. The devil say you're not an overcomer. He's a liar. Hallelujah. The devil says, "Amen, you can't get rid of certain things." He's a liar. Hallelujah. It's already been conquered. Already been conquered. Why you want to believe the devil? Hallelujah. Let's hold fast to the gospel of Jesus Christ. Is that all right? Already judge. That's right. See, a man like to be a conqueror. And it's a great thing to be a conqueror. A conqueror is one who has overcome overcome his enemy. That's the reason I believe the scripture says that we're more than a conqueror. See, you wouldn't even be here if you hadn't conquered something. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. You done conquered some things. That's why you're here. Hallelujah. I don't care if the devil got a hold of you somewhere, but you understand the anointing is the thing that breaks the yolks. If you can get into the anointing here this morning, God will break the yolks. I don't care what it is. Fear, doubt, unbelief, God will break and destroy the yoke. He's already done it. Hallelujah. Is that all right? That's the reason I believe that that that the uh scripture says that we're more than conquerors for he has conquered for us. Hallelujah. Y'all done heard the story. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That old man go to work every day. Amen. Where this the way it used to be. Go to work every day. Amen. Work hard. Hallelujah. And that old that's that little sister, she's at home waiting for the big payday. My my my sister used to say, you know, we're waiting for the eagle to fly because, you know, back in the day, all those checks had eagles on it, you know. Amen. And so, so, you know, that woman, Amen, she she he waiting for that big great day. And she never had to work like he did. She got he went out there and he worked sweaty and, you know, come home tired and everything, but oh, Friday is the big day. Hallelujah. She He comes home and slaps that check into her hand. He's the conqueror. Hallelujah. He's the conqueror. But she's more than a conqueror cuz she get the paycheck. She didn't have to work for it. Hallelujah. She just received the benefits of his working. So is it with Jesus Christ. You don't have to work for the salvation. The salvation has already been paid for. Allighty. Hallelujah. I'm going to tear up the roof. Huh? Hallelujah. So, I want you to realize, Amen, what we're working with here. Amen. You say you believe, but God is weighing your actions. Huh? I'm going to get to Hannah in just a minute. Amen. Now, he goes on to say, listen, when hours pass by, he talks about him and everybody like to be a conqueror. Is that all right? And men in these great times when they were u moving forward when they conquer they usually have a great celebration afterwards. We all told that when the late uh head of Hitler had conquered France that he took his seat at the ark of triumph. Now you know how I wish I you know honestly I tell you what when you see those Germans amen kicking them legs. Amen. In those goost steps that is so intimidating. That is so intimidating, you know, with their legs up like that and then they you know any I don't know how they do it, but it's it's so uniform. It's so powerful and you know, you you see that and you you think about how they celebrated. Amen. Uh Hitler's uh triumph over over France and and you look at this thing and you say, "Well, well, you know, there there's a great celebration awaiting us. We didn't do nothing. He did it all." Amen. But he will lead us into this great celebration of overcoming everything in the world. See, the devil think he got some stuff that's better than what heaven has. And the only way that he can deceive us because we hadn't been there yet. Y'all hear what I'm saying? But Paul left us a word and said, "The suffering of this world cannot be compared to the things or the glory that God has in store for us. Amen. Oh, don't get confused. You're going to die. If the Lord Terry and the rapture don't take place soon, you and I going to die. We're going to die. Mom, daddy could be holding your hand. It doesn't matter. Your time coming, you're going to die. Like I was telling the young brothers, Amen. in Sunday school lesson, if you're going to die, die in the name of Jesus. Die in the name. you're going to die. But if you got to lay down your life, lay it down for Jesus. Cuz if you lay it down for him, you're going to pick it up again. Hallelujah. Think about it now. In order to win this race, in order to win this war, your motives and objective must be right. Right? That's what happened to Hitler and the rest of them. Their motives and objective wasn't right. They wanted all the glory. They wanted to be the sin of attraction. They're the big guys. They're the big things. Amen. But listen to what David's motive was. When he conquered Goliath, his motive was, he said, "Is there not a cause? Is there not a cause where these Philistines are boasting themselves against our Lord, our God? Is there not a cause?" Amen. that I should whoop this giant to show and to prove to them that God is still God. Hallelujah. See, that's what we're here for. We're here as Christians, not to not to be popular, not to have a big name, not to have a thing uh uh um uh uh what they call it. Amen. But we're here to declare that Jesus Christ is Lord. He's still God. You don't have to believe it, but God healed me. I know what the flu is like. Amen. And God knows I hate the flu. And I saw this thing coming. It's getting ready to go for the juggler. Yeah. Put me down. I know it was. Amen. You know how you feel it. It's all over you. And I'm thinking, how many days this thing going to hold me? You know, you know how the devil come. But the next day, the following day, God had done strengthened me. I couldn't believe it. I'm looking like, where is it? Oh, y'all see I got a people. Y'all know what the flu is? Amen. It's the truth. It's the truth. It's something that you just do not want. Hallelujah. I think about brother Randy. We were some where we went in Canada. Amen. And we saw a little a little commercial and this man had the flu and he was in bad shape. bad bad shape. He couldn't hardly move. And he was laying there like, "Help, somebody help me." And his wife comes along and throw him some kind of Tylenol or something. But he was in such bad shape he couldn't move. Anybody been there before? Hallelujah. So that's why I'm rejoicing here. That's why I'm rejoicing. Amen. Cuz I thought, Lord, would I be able to preach on Sunday with him? Hallelujah. All I'm saying is that he's more than a conqueror. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Ain't God good to us? Now, the point is, Amen. If you going to win this battle, Amen. Brother Brandham couldn't couldn't heal some nobody because he felt like he wanted to. He sought the will of God. Hallelujah. And his whole purpose, Amen, is that God would be seen, not brother Adam. He wanted Jesus Christ to be seen. And if you're going to win a battle, your your purpose and your reason for winning the battle must be that God will get glorified out of it. Glorification out of it. Is that all right? Amen. Let me move on by the grace of God. Now, here I am. I'm talking about Hannah. Now, let me just move there just a minute and then we'll come back to something else. There is no fear. Mhm. See, we must know this, especially right now. You must know that God is in your heart. Amen. He said, "In that day, you'll know that I am in the Father, the Father's in me, I am in you." Amen. Right? You must know that he's in your heart. If he's in your heart, let him be used. Use what's in your heart. I think about Hannah. And Hannah's a type of the church. her husband Elana, amen, loved her dearly. Loved her better than the other one. And we find out, amen, the other one was having children and she had none. But Hannah was desperate. Come on. We look at it. The the denomination of children. Uh uh they fill it up. They fill it up. She didn't ask for a whole lot. She just wanted a son. You see what I'm saying? She wanted the seed and mean to be made manifest. Now, one thing Hannah, she didn't sit back like some of us do, we sit back and think, well, God is going to do it. No sir, desperation struck her. She went into prayer. She went into fasting. She cried out unto the Lord till she came out speaking in tongues. She was jabbering yet, but that was what God had. Listen, if you are bride, there must be a inspiration on you right now. Amen. A inspiration that's moving you, that's driving you and making you know I cannot be satisfied in the condition that I'm in. There's something more for me and I got to have it. Hallelujah. Oh, how can you be satisfied? Amen. Hannah said, "No, sir." Said, "I know God have to have something for me." She cried out to the Lord. She cried out to the Lord. Amen. And then she had to pass Eli away. And Eli looked at her and said, "Oh my, you know what? What's what's been going on with you? You drunk and staggering like that. You you surely what's wrong?" She said, "No, Lord. I'm not like the daughters of Baal. I'm not like the daughters of Blayia. I want you to understand I have a petition." You say, "Well, brothers, are you out of your mind?" Maybe I am. If I got to jump and shout, Amen to pray to get his attention. Hello. Yeah, people say, "Well, uh, that's what I tried to tell you. Not only is this church is being attacked by the enemy of God, every church I've gone to, I can remember by the grace of God when the these churches that believe this word was on fire." Come on, somebody. Amen. Gifts and everything else being made manifest. Then that brother, Amen, brought out that uh uh quote uh uh uh uh Holy Ghost without sensation. That's all they read. They didn't read the rest of it, but they just read that and they killed the church. Okay, that's too much stuff. Okay, that's too much emotion. That's too much this. Look at them now. Now look at them. They're in a place they don't even want to believe is true anymore. Come on, somebody. Hallelujah. But brother call this message the Holy Ghost message. Hallelujah. This is the message that brings you into the context of God. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. And look at them. They've been there. Amen. not knowing their mate. And what has happened now? They're now rotten eggs right there in church dying and rotten and welding up, smelling and think stinking in the nostril of God because all they giving him is religion. Come on, somebody. All they giving him rel God don't want religion. He's got that everywhere. God want to see his image. God want to see his likeness. God want to say that's good all over again. Hallelujah. People are afraid right now. So many people can't even get the Holy Ghost because they're afraid they going to speak in tongues. So what? Amen. You ought to get out of yourself. Hallelujah. You ought to get out of yourself. You ought to come to a place Hallelujah. You don't you lose yourself and you don't know what's going on. Amen. Hallelujah. What would have happened? Amen. To my brother Titus who's gone on to glory. Amen. And I saw the Holy Ghost fall on him in church. I was preaching the the quickening of the seed and how that God can give you the Holy Ghost right now in your seat. He believed it. The Holy Ghost stuck him right. Come down on him in service. He began to speak in tongues. What if I have went over there? Amen. Said, "Hold up, brother. You need an interpreter." What if I have done that? Was it a month later, Sister Ruby? Shorter than that, perhaps he was gone on the glory. Nobody knew he was going to die. Hallelujah. But God is faithful. God is faithful. Hallelujah. You don't know who the the next moment for the person. You got to let go and let God. Hallelujah. Some people don't even know the difference between Amen. A baby's babbling and a child speaking. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. And when you are truly exercising the gift of God, Amen. Cuz I possess both. I don't say that to brag. But God has used me in both. So I know the difference between a babbling and a speaking. But you got preachers, they so scared of it, they don't know what's what. Hallelujah. And I guess we're beyond that. Yes, we are. That's why we're in the condition we are in right now. We done shut the Holy Ghost out again. People in this message, we don't want all that fanaticism. Like our brother Keith said, that's not fanaticism. That's election. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It ain't fanaticism. I'm elected. I can't help but do what I do. People look at me crazy cuz I'm emotional. I I shout and I dance and I praise God. Just like I said the other night, I'm not trying to get nobody in here to worship like a black man. I ain't even trying to get the black man to worship like a black man. Cuz what kind of stuff is that? I just want the Holy Ghost to move. Yeah. I don't care if you can keep beat or you can't keep beat. Let God work it. Let God work it. Amen. People say they all ain't all in worship. But I tell you what, the Bible said he inhabits the praise of his people. So if he going to be there, I want to do it. Amen. Well, I don't feel like it. You There's a sacrifice in there, too. How many times you come to church feeling down and tired and all of a sudden you raise your hand, something strike you? Hallelujah. Now, you in the presence of the almighty God. He weigh you by your actions. You don't have to prove nothing to me. God is trying you right now. He's weighing you by your actions. No, it's true. You go places even the sisters can't even hallelujah no more. You listen to those tapes of William Brown, you find out there's more hallelujah and screams on the tape by women than men. Hallelujah. Now it's just the opposite. Come on, somebody. Oh my. If I could get a couple of Miriams in here, a couple of Annas in here. Come on, somebody. Amen. We could have some church. How you going to tell me how to praise my God? I'm I'm feeling it this morning, folks. Honestly, I'm feeling it this morning. Amen. Because I know he's here. You know what Hannah did? She couldn't She couldn't care. Oh, her husband said, "But don't you know I love you? I love you, Hannah. Even though you haven't had any ch, I love you more." She wasn't satisfied. She wasn't s I can't be a fruitless tree. Amen. I got to be a tree that's going to bring forth fruit. Hallelujah. And that's the way she looked at it. I got to bring forth fruit. I got to let them let them know I'm blessed. Right? Because in that day, if a woman didn't have a child, Amen. she was considered cursed. She said, "I got to let them know." Amen. Not just your words, Lord is good. Yes, I I I am predestinated. I I I'm elected, but I I got to bring forth some fruit. I got to be pregnantated with this thing. I got to let people know that Jesus Christ lived. It ain't enough. It ain't enough to be the chosen wife. Hallelujah. I got to bring forth another generation. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. And what Hannah, that's what I love about it. And then when Hannah had this child, she just didn't hand it over to God. Oh my. She wait till the child was weaned off the milk. She wasn't going to give him just a baby. Come on, somebody. Oh Lord, put me in the service, but not too soon. Put me in after I've been weaned from the milk. Hallelujah. Amen. When I can hear the voice of a prophet. Come on, somebody. I can receive instructions from a prophet. Hallelujah. That's what he did. She put Samuel, Amen, under the ministry of Eli. Hallelujah. and he wasn't all right. Come on, somebody. Amen. But God knew what he was doing. He was raising up a greater people, a greater nation. Hallelujah. A people, amen, that was under the true inspiration. And this one thing I love about Samuel, he was able to hear the voice of God. Hallelujah. A people that predestinated, Amen. to hear the voice of God. Hallelujah. Y'all hear what I'm saying this morning? Amen. She didn't get an ordinary child, but she got a chosen one, an elected one, a prophet. Probably God didn't labor in this day for another church. He labored for the bride. And what is a bride? Is the bride a prophet? She is a prophetist. Thou must prophesy again. Oh, come on, somebody. Amen. She knows what he wants done with the word. Now that's the truth. You know the thing about it is brother sisters, I will not be stand before God being guilty of not trying to get you to the Holy Ghost. Prophet that's what was wrong with a lot of the churches. They're not getting them to Christ. Why are people backsliding right now? Why are they giving up? Come on, somebody. They ain't got enough. Hallelujah. You said, "Well, brother, I still come to church. That don't mean nothing. You could be backsliding right in your seat." Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. That's what the Lord showed me. Yeah. Last year, there'll be many people backsliding right in their seats, yet attending church out of ritualistic reasons. You You don't You don't impress me. It's about God. He's weighing your actions. Is that all right? He's weighing your actions. Now, the same spirit was in Abraham is in the seed of Abraham and you believe God. That makes it hard on the preacher that don't believe in divine healing. But that's what the Bible said. And when you become a son of God, I take the nature of my father because I am his son. Hallelujah. Y'all know what I'm saying? Amen. I never wanted to be like my natural daddy. But guess what? It wasn't my choice. There were things he did I did. Did I want to do them? No. But it was in there. I took the nature of my natural father. Now you see I I'm looking at some of y'all and y'all, oh, I done heard this before. Okay, you have. But how you living it? That's the point. Hearing one thing with your head and your heart is two different things. Living it is what I'm speaking about. Amen. Like I said, you say we love God and we can't even love one another. Like I said, when we close the door, shut down the service, everybody races off to their own little destiny. Clicks here and click there is such a small assembly. Nonsense. A house divided cannot stand. There is no way for us to move on until there's unity here. Forget about your your the agendas and all of the things you think that are so important to you. Like I said, the most important to you uh people of God should be the body of Jesus Christ. Is that right? They came to Jesus said, "Lord, your mothers, your brothers, your sisters are here out here waiting to hear." He said, "Who is my mother? My brother, my sister, but those that do the will of God." Hallelujah. He exalted the family of God. Amen. Above his own natural family. And you're not there until you get there. Amen. We've got to care for one another. It's not a, you know, the Bible said if you can't love the brother who you see, how can you say you love the one who God who you never seen? Come on. The Bible said if you say that you're a liar, you and I must love one another. And I'm not talking about with some kind of some kind of hilio love. I'm talking about agape love. Amen. Is that all right? Amen. And when you become a son, you take the nature of your father. I am his son. And Abraham believed God and received the circumcision as a seal of the promise that that was to come. And now we have received the promise itself, the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And the Holy Spirit dwelling in the man makes him a son of God. But when we going to believe it, when are we going to take this to heart and say, "I am a son of God." Can I get you to say that? Those those who are daughters, you say daughters now. I am a son of God. Oh, y'all surely convinced me. Ah, I am so convinced. You didn't even convince yourself. Let's do that again. I am I am a son of God. That's right. And when the devil try to tell you not to remember that or or say those things when he comes to you, I don't care if you just slip and fell, you stand up and say, "But I am a son of God." Hallelujah. Why? Because he's declared me and you to be sons and daughters of God. Amen. Oh yes. It's already won. The victory is already won. The price is already paid. But God still is weigh in your actions. You say you bride that something's got to be turnurning on the inside of you right now. Something that want more of him. Hallelujah. Abraham took God word as pro as as as as the impossible till it was made possible. Huh? God going to bring impossible things to you. Things that look impossible. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. Habits and things that been with you almost all your life, but God says it's possible. Amen. Amen. Come on, somebody. God says it's possible not by human effort, by the power of the Holy Ghost. But that that's what I love about John. Oh my. John said he he that's coming out for me. Amen. Hallelujah. I baptize you with water, but he that comes out for me shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost. Not only but Holy Ghost and fire. People don't want the fire. Send down the fire, Lord. Send down the fire. Burn all these demons away from your people. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Holy Ghost and fire. You say, "I got the fire." The only person that don't move. And I'm going to tell you something. If you if the fire is hot enough, you dead. Amen. It'll make you snap, crackle, and pop. Come on. You going to make some noise one way or the other. And they look at people like me and say, "Oh, you just too Pentecostal." Think, "God, I ain't giving it up. Don't even think you going to take this from me. I ain't giving it up." But I'm too Pentecostal. Praise God. I ain't giving it up. I rather that accusation than anything else. He believe his word and every ground that you set setting over tonight is nothing else but the word of God made manifest. It isn't. It's where did he see he get the material to make it with. Where did he come from? God spoke his word and believed his word. Abraham took God's word as as the impossible till it was made possible. Mary the virgin took God at the word at his word and the impossible was made possible. The whole course of life was changed and she brought forth a baby knowing no man because she took God at his word. And if anybody will take God at his word, his word shall ma be made manifest. Amen. If the seed falls on the right kind of a ground, it will produce exactly what is said to do. It'll do it. We don't have to worry about it. Oh my. Hallelujah. You get some corn seeds and you plant them. You don't have to worry about if it's gonna bring forth corn. It's a corn seed. Amen. Ah, if God is in you, you don't have to worry about it. He's going to bring forth of his own kind. Hallelujah. Second Peter 1:4 says, "Whereby we are given unto us exceedingly exceeding great and precious promises." Anybody know God ever breaking a promise, not one time? Hallelujah. That by these ye might be partakers of his divine nature. Hallelujah. He made the promise. Abraham's covenant. Come on, somebody. It ain't what you do, Abraham. It's what I've already done for you. I'm going to make this thing happen. I'm going to cause you to triumph. I'm going to make you more than a conqueror. So many people, so many Christians go down to the grave because they get sick, maybe with cancer or something like that, and the devil say, "Aha, I got you. Oh my, you're going to have to die from something." This body going to go down to the grave with something. Even if you call it natural death, I'll say it like this. It was so natural your heart stopped beating, right? You going to go down with something. But when you go down, Hallelujah. And you got the fire of God on the inside. Hallelujah. Just like that fire rested on Elijah's bones, it rests on yours. That's why the Bible said, "If that same spirit that was in Christ Jesus, if it be in you as he quickened his body, it'll also quicken yours. Hallelujah. Who you going to trust this morning? Amen. The world council of church has come after you. Who you going to trust? Hallelujah. He said, "Denounce this Jesus Christ or else." You going to have to say, "You take the or else cuz I ain't taking Jesus." Hallelujah. Praise God. I'm standing with him. Divine healing. Amen. You think about it. Amen. Come on. You You either believe it or you don't. The point is, Amen. A lot of time we want God to work like a microwave. Hallelujah. And you know what? In our day and age, you've heard me say this so many times. We don't even have patience with the microwave. It's the fastest cooking oven there is. And we'll put it on 60 seconds and we're there unpatiently, not even patient to wait on a minute. We're looking in the glass. Anybody know what I'm talking about? I've been there. You're looking into the microwave to see whether it's done yet. It's not even 60 seconds, but it ain't. Is it? Is it? Is it? Then you open it up. Ding. It ain't done cuz you open it up, put it back in there, click it again. Normally, it takes you more time cuz it took you a few seconds to open it and close it. But that's the training of the devil. Forgive me, but I'm going to say science is against us. It teaches us impatience. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Oh, we're in a generation we don't have to do nothing anymore. We've got even a washing machine that'll wash our clothes. Anybody know what I'm talking about? In my day, you had to use the tub. Huh? And now we almost don't even have patience with the washing machine. Want to shorten the cycles. Y'all hear what I'm saying? But that's the enemy building impatience in you. You don't even know it's working on you. You think it's okay when it's not. It's not okay. Amen. When you want to rush the red light, it's not okay. Because that's the enemy working impatience in you. The Bible said, "Do no nothing in haste." Come on, somebody. Just give me a more a little bit more now because I want you to know I cannot I cannot I cannot I cannot disbelieve God's word. I cannot see why because he's in me. If that seed be in you, it cannot sin. I cannot disbelieve because he and I have become one. Though my flesh trips me at times, it's faulty. It is a condemned house but my soul say yes to the word because otherwise that's what make me repent. That's what ask why I say forgive me Lord. Amen. Because my soul know what's right. Is that okay? Now we're looking at this thing because I want you to understand. Amen. That if you if you truly born again you overcometh the world. And the Bible said, "This is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith." You got to have faith. You got to have faith. You got to have his faith inside of you. Like I said, how many of y'all us would have stood like Mary? How many of y'all would we would have stood like Mary? We look at Mary and she's so holy and this and that, but Mary was a woman, a young girl. Amen. She's called, Amen. to go to Bethlehem. Amen. In her last trimester, her last moments just prior, amen, to her giving birth on a donkey. Healy, rocky, stinky. Come on. All of the other people, y'all know what I'm talking about. The dust field air. How can God be in this? How can God be in this? How can God be in your trials? Some of y'all have trials you can't even understand it. Why me, Lord? Why not you? Hallelujah. You want to be perfected. He's the perfector. Amen. He knows what to take you through. Hallelujah. He knows the trials that you can withstand. God always do unusual things. You can't ever figure him out. Don't even try it. You can just only believe him and take him at his word. He put you through these trials. God knows. I've looked back and I thought to myself, "Oh my God, what have I ever done to deserve some of these things?" But let me tell you something, people of God. There's always somebody worse than you. Amen. And don't let the devil make you feel like you've done evil. Think it not strange when drivers temptation come upon you, knowing that the trying of your faith is more precious than gold. You have prayed. You've desired God to make you whole, to make you just like him. But there's no way you can ever get there without your own Calvary. Amen. You got to suffer. Ain't nothing wrong with you. That's the devil's lie. It really is the devil's lie. The devil done told you all those things. If we can believe God like you believe in the devil, you'll be a superman, a superwoman. Right? With the super god on the inside, lift up your head. Why? He said that in this day. Lift up your head. When you see the coming of the Lord, lift up your head. Don't you be sad. Don't be looking down. It's a finished work. Lift up your head. Hallelujah. Like I said, you don't know who all going to be saved. And for those loved ones that don't be saved, God going to wipe the tears from your eyes. You won't even remember they ever existed. Heaven is going to be heaven. Yes, it will. Amen. Now, lot watch this. I'm going to read this and I'mma listen. But what I'm saying is if you're born supernatural, it makes you supernatural. Huh? But it takes a skilled hands. You know, like the prophet of God said, you know, it takes strong faith to hold this message. You see what I'm saying? It can't be something weak now. It's got to be strong. It's got to be strong faith to hold a sword. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Amen. It's not enough to have the the sword at the at the enemy's throat. But if if it's not strong, the enemy can knock that out the way. So, you got to have a strong hand at the enemy's throat in order to win this battle, right? He's going to try you in every way. He'll try you. But you got to be strong in faith. We have a strong victory. This bride ain't going want go out here whimpy. This bride is not going to barely make it. She's more than a conqueror. She'll laugh at death and and and and in the grave on her way up. H that's right. If Paul can laugh at him, which was the first church age, we'll laugh at him on the last one. Come on, somebody. Now watch this strain of man. The first thing is make man himself a religion. See, we don't want just a religion. a man, he he's got to have some kind of religion. Oh, I was talking to a famous man here in the city the other day and said, "You know my religion, uh, Brother Random is keeping the golden rules." That's good. But, brother, unless a man is born again, he will perish. Yes, sir. He's got to He's got to be born again. Not the golden rule is all right. That's a moral man can do that. But it's it's got to be all in the supernatural line. And you'll see what God had to do in order what he we in order that we could be supernaturally born. Now you mean to tell me that Jesus Christ is going to come to Calvary die and all of that raised from the dead. Amen. For us to be supernaturally born and then we come and let some teacher think make us think we don't have to be. Think about it. I want to ask you a question. Where would you be if you had to remember all the quotes? Now, I don't know about you, but I'm lost. If if that's what it's going to take, I'm lost. You You know, I know a brother right now who brought this message to me, who can quote books after books, who is now denying this prophet and the message. See, so it ain't that. Oh, I feel like running right now. Amen. Hey, if this pool pit wasn't in front of me, I would have been down the middle. I saw it. I It happened. You didn't see it, but he did it. Now, you look at this thing and I want you to understand. Amen. That ain't it. That's why God can take such dumb people like myself, put him spirit, his spirit in me, and cause me to appear like I'm something. Cuz it ain't me, it's him. You see what I'm saying? Now you look at this thing because listen, I find out that the more these people know all of these things, the more they go into some strange stuff. And you know what end up being? Some male dominating you. Hello. Some male dominating you because he can put it together better than you. Hello, somebody. But there ain't nothing but one male that's in my dominating me and that's the Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. I thank God. I thank God. Hallelujah. For this message. I've got a lot of loved ones, different ones gone backwards. I said, "Lord, me and my wife was talking the other day said, you know, if I got a backslide, let me backslide, but don't never let me deny that this is true. Don't ever let me get there. Don't ever let me go there. Woo Jesus. No sir. Don't ever let me go there. Nobody have to prove nothing to me. I seen it with my own eyes. You see, because before I came to this message, I didn't know what the pillar of fire was. I didn't know what the pillar of cloud was. I didn't know what eyes are blind or be. I'd never seen that. I'd never seen the dead raised. I seen what this brings. The believing of the word and the faith in the word can do. Look what it did for me the other day. Look, look, look. Maybe you don't understand it, but it's true. Amen. When God does something, he didn't have to do it. He did it anyhow. One of these old days, the same word will change me and you into a place we're translating. Come on. There's got to be a magnetizing, a magnetizing to this word, a magnetizing to Jesus Christ. Y'all hear what I'm saying? If something is not like if you're not like a magnet yet, there's something that needs to make you a magnet. I think is electricity or something that makes magnets. I don't know how it is. Yes, you put electricity in it becomes a magnet. We need some electricity. Hallelujah. That's going to magnetize us. Do it till we read it, study it, pray it. Hallelujah. Live it most of all. Hallelujah. And how you going to know? You see, you'll know when true Christians comes in your presence, you know. Hallelujah. You don't look at all of the failures and the faults. Amen. You know, but when when a Christian comes in to your presence, if you truly a Christian, you know, don't you know there's somehow, even if a person is not even born again yet, you know where they elected. Something attracts you to them. Something that magnetize you to them like you know them already. Those are the kind of people you never give up on. You shouldn't never give up on anybody. But something about those people that you somehow are magnetized to. And I'm not talking about fleshly lust. See, there is there is a way that seemth right unto men, but the end thereof is the way of death. And every man that uh uh ungenerated of God will go that way of destruction. You can't help it. Your own soul guides you. If you're born again, you're bound to go up. If you're not born again, you got to go down. Is that anything to play with? I hope you're being blessed this morning. Amen. I hope you're being blessed this morning. You know, when it comes down to God, he's the only one that can germmitize the seed. And that's what a lot of people don't see. When a man is under the inspiration and he's preaching, that's God. That ain't man. That's God. That's the life coming out of his mouth that can germatize you. And a lot of time we miss it. We come right here not recognizing the presence of God. It ain't about shouting and screaming. Even though I love the amens. Come on somebody. Amen. It's not all about that. But are you receiving it? Cuz see, once that life comes in there, amen, it's more than head knowledge, it it transforms you. You can't help but to be who you are. You're not ashamed to be a Christian. Hallelujah. You're not ashamed of the word for the hour. Come on. How you Oh, come on, somebody. It's the truth. Just give me one more minute. I'm going to let you go. How many of y'all really believe that God is a miracle worker? You know, because I'm going to tell you something. The greatest miracle is this guy. You know, I I honestly I wish I could just sit back and I told my daughter, she likes to write. I said, you know, I would love to write a book. I'd love to write something. Amen. To let people know where I come from. I might give it another name. But, you know, I want people don't think people can People couldn't handle it, brothers. They couldn't handle where I came from. You know, cuz so many people y'all think y'all was wicked. Huh? And you're right. You were all of us. Huh? But I'm going to tell you something. God's still a healer. He's still a deliverer. You know what? And I look at this thing and now the Bible tells us this in Matthew 20. And I'm going to close on this. He's weighing you. Now, you say, "I, oh, I'm I'm I'm action. I'm I'm a believer." Where's your joy? Amen. I'm a believer. You got to pray. If you are, talk to him. I'm a believer. Then all things are possible. I'm a believer. I'm going to rejoice in the midst of sorrows. I'm a believer. I'm going to press. Amen. I'm more than a conqueror. He did it for me. Now, let me show you something which a lot of us miss. The Bible said with every temptation, God has already made the way of escape. Every temptation. So therefore, when you're missing something, when you are in a place, Amen. and you need to get out of this situation, guess what? It's already there. The doors are it's already open. He made the way of escape. You got to say, Lord, direct me. Show me the way of escape. Because what happens is Satan will make you feel like you in a maze. Right? In a maze. But when God don't care about what kind of maze you in, he know how to direct you out of it. Is that right? Oh, come on, somebody. There's nothing too hard for God. When no, when Moses them was backed up against the Red Sea, nobody looked like nobody knew which way God was going to have them go. God had already made the way. It wasn't that God thought, "Oh my God, I got to find a way of getting them people out of there." He had already made their way. And once that faith struck them, God then revealed the way to them. Already there. See that is when that faith is there, God will reveal to you how to get out of it. How to push through it, how to go to the next level. Come on, somebody. How to mature, how how to let him take you through suffering without you complaining. Amen. Ain't nothing wrong with none of us. You know what's happening? We just being tried and tested. Y'all understand what I mean by that? You're not cursed. Hallelujah. You're not of the devil. Hallelujah. That's a devil's lie. Huh? That's the devil's lie to make you think something's wrong. No, no, no, no. Everybody must go the way God determined them to go. And who going to say to the the man who made the clay, why did you make me? Who going to say to the man who makes the potter? Who? Why did you form me this way? Why did you fashion me this way? Are you going to grumble like that? You need to do I'm going to tell you something. If you had only one eye and one leg and one arm, you know, need to use the ones you got and praise him with it. Amen. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Use what you got. that little lady there that was in Phantom Tabernacle who had been in that in that uh wheelchair all her life. God healed people all around her and yet and still God got glory out of her life. She wasn't complaining. Why didn't God give me face to walk? No. God set her there and she was probably made whole far more than those who walked out with arms and legs. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Being whole is being whole spiritually, not so much the natural. Being whole. Let's stand. I'm under this anointing. I can go for a while. Listen, don't you know that you even your heart can't be hardened unless God hardens it? God will harden your heart. Now, don't mean that he'll make it stay there, but he'll get you. He'll teach you a good lesson. You hear what I'm saying? The Bible tells us that Pharaoh tried to repent, God would harden his heart. Try to you and I don't want you don't want to go there. You want Amen. The moment you hear the word, you want to break before God and says, "Lord, forgive me." There's a supernatural thing that you and I must know that we've got to have, and that is Christ. That is God. Amen. you becoming him. People, it ain't about your job. It ain't about your future. Amen. How you going to become this in this world and this that and the other. You better focus. You better get yourself. Lord, help me focus. Let everything else become secondary. But my priorities got to be you. My priorities must be you. If you're not first, you're not at all. That's how God is. It's got to be God first in everything. Sure, you're going to make mistakes. Sure, you're going to falter at times, but that's what the blood of Jesus Christ is all about. You love God. Well, I hope by the grace of God, you feel a little encouraged. But I want to say this. If you don't remember nothing else that has been preached this morning, I want you to remember God weighs your action. That's what shows God whether you'll believe or not on how you act after hearing your word. Love the Lord. Let's pray. Father God, we come before you, Lord, as humbly as we know how. We thank you for your grace and your mercy. Lord, you've been better to us than we've been to ourselves. Father, we pray that you would just give us what we stand in need of. Lord, we know that there are some here who are not feeling well. Uh but I pray Lord that today, Lord, that you would touch their bodies. Lord, those who are battling with the flu and the cold, touch their bodies right now. God, those saints of God that have come all the way, Lord, from Iowa City down in that area. We pray that you touch them, Lord. We pray that you give them strength, Lord God, and give them a special blessing, Father, for pressing their way out, oh God, down here, Lord, in in in Iowa, Lord. I pray that you minister to them coming and going, Father. Lord God, we know how you love those who press and sacrifice uh themselves unto you, Lord. I pray that you bless them in a special way. Remember those my wife, Lord, who Satan is battling uh with uh sinuses and things of that nature. We you're still the healer. You're still God. And Lord, we speak healing and deliverance to her right now, Father. Oh God, we bind every evil spirit here in this morning. We bind every spirit of affliction. We speak healing and deliverance to each and every one of them, Lord, in your name, Jesus Christ. For thy name's sake, Lord. Not because of me, but because of your word. Do it for thy name's sake, Lord. And we'll be careful to give you the praise, glory, and honor in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Maybe you never walk a day in sin. And you never lived a life so black that light couldn't enter in. And maybe he's never came at night to dry your eyes so swollen by the tears because of pain and sorrow. No hope of tomorrow down through the years. But he did it for me. Jesus did it for me. I can't help but praise him when I think of what I used to be. [Music] He redeemed by his blood. I've been washed in his blood. He took my shame upon his back. Oh, the crimson flood. Now every time I hear God's word, something in my heart is stirred. I can feel God's praises rumbling in my soul. Yes, he did it for me. Jesus did it for me. I can't help but praise him when I think of what I think about it used to be. I've been redeemed by his grace. I've been washed in his blood. He took my shame upon his back. Oh, that crimson flood. Now every time I hear God's word, something in my heart is stirred. I can feel God's praises rumbling in my soul. My soul. My soul. Church, my soul. I can feel God's praises rumbling in my soul. That's the way it ought to be here tonight or this morning. Every time you hear God's word, something in your heart ought to be stirred. Amen. There's something about the name of Jesus is still precious to me. There is no other name given among men where we must be saved. I don't know if there's somebody even though we prayed. If you really want us to lay hands and pray for you, we'll do that. There's somebody, amen, who desire salvation, you know, we welcome you to come.
