################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2014-01-08 - The Splendor Of The Lord - 2013 10 16 - Pastor Isiah Brooks - Isiah Brooks.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2014-01-08
Title:   The Splendor Of The Lord - 2013 10 16 - Pastor Isiah Brooks
Speaker: Isiah Brooks
Church:  Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0s68Cm_TsM
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
The Splendor Of The Lord
Pastor Isiah Brooks
Recorded - 2013 10 16
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Lord. Amen. And we trust that you're blessed tonight. You pull on the word of God, God will surely feed you. Amen. I love Jesus. He's my savior. When the storms are raging, he's my shelter. Wherever he leads me, I will follow. I love Jesus and he loved me. Oh, I love Jesus. He's my savior. When the storms are raised on, he's my shelter. Wherever he leads me, I will follow. I love Jesus and he loves me once again. Oh, I love Jesus. Oh, he's my savior. When the storms are raging, ra. Oh, he's my shelter. Wherever he leads me, I will follow. I love Jesus and he loves me. Jesus. Jesus. No other name under heaven can save us. Jesus. Jesus. No other name. Oh Jesus. Jesus. No other name under heaven can save us. Jesus. Jesus. No other name. I know. Bless that wonderful bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Oh, bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Bless that wonderful name. Jesus. Oh no other name. Say that once again. Oh bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Oh blessed. Oh my. Hallelujah. Bless that wonderful name Jesus. Oh, no other name I know. Amen. Hallelujah. If there is another name, I tell you what it is. It's a golden calf. Hallelujah. A beast that's worshiped. Hallelujah. There's only one true living God. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. As we stand, going to have you open up the word of God with us. I trust that you be blessed here tonight. Amen. Um I must have leaned upon my marker and got a little pink on me. That's the only time I wear it. We love the Lord. Amen. Amen. I'm going to ask that you turn with us to Deuteronomy the 18th chapter 13th verse. Love God. Amen. Surely without him where will we be? 18th chapter 13th verse. And then we're going to ask that you turn with us to Hebrews 10:14. Deuteronomy 18:13, "Thou shall be perfect with the Lord thy God." But these nation which thou shalt possess, hearken unto observers of times, and unto divers. But as for thee, the Lord thy God have not suffered thee to do so. Hebrews 10:14. I'm wondering how many people really believe that we're living in the last days. Prophecy being fulfilled. Amen. Right in our eyes. Hebrews 10:14. For by one offering he have perfected forever them that are sanctifying. Oh my. You love the Lord. Heavenly Father God, we come before you. We thank you for your grace and your mercy. We thank you for being so real to us. And God, without you, we are nothing. We thank you for this little group, Lord, that have come in the midst of the weak, Lord. Many perhaps tired, weary, but one touch from you. Oh God, that's all we need, Lord. And Father God, you are still Jehovah Gyra. And Lord, we realize our father that you're El Shi, even as the prophet of God say, we who are the covenant people can draw from the breast of El Shadi. And Lord, we're drawing from you tonight. We're drawing the virtues of healing and deliverance, Lord. Oh, and physical strength, spiritual strength. We ask these things in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. Surely God is good to us. Amen. We want to preach our minister by the grace of God on a little thought. We were talking with a particular brother today and I didn't know what God was going to do for me or for us. Just wanted to find the mind of God. And I've had several brothers minister to me in the course of a few weeks and I am grateful to the Lord for doing so. Tonight we w would like to minister on the splendor of the Lord. You can call it the glory of God or you can call it the shikina of the Lord. We realize first of all we must understand that we are under an unconditional covenant. It's not what I do. It's what God has already done for us. No man came to God and none of us come to God. Matter of fact, after the fall of man, we have been running from God ever since. But it's God who draws us. And Jesus said, "No man can come unto me except the father draw him." Amen. But we realize by the grace of God, Amen, that this covenant that God gave us, Amen, he gave it to us because he realized not that he discovered it. God always knew we could never keep it. But I believe by the grace of God, God allowed us by way of judges, by way of the law, by way of different things of the Old Testament that we as men may see. As brother Brandham say, we're failures to begin with. So if we could just see by the grace of God that this thing is so predestinated by God. And sometimes I almost I'm afraid to preach predestination sometime because it makes a lot of Christians lazy. But it's not to make you lazy. It is there so that you and I can get uh uh strength and and we can we can draw from that and have such a perfect faith. Yes, sir. Amen. Till our faith will become undisturbed. Amen. When we work with an unconditional covenant, it means that God is not expecting anything out of you. to help him do the job. Now, I want you to understand this now because when you are predestinated, there is an anointing that goes with it. Amen. Hallelujah. Now I was thinking today even this evening how uh Tamar and we look at her and I'm not going to go through the whole story but it was the grace of God that was moving Tamar to do what she did. Amen. Amen. It wasn't her wisdom. Amen. It was God's anointed, her, his wisdom that caused her to move into an area that she perhaps would have never moved. Had not it been the sovereign grace of God. And by moving, she's now in the Hall of Fame. Hallelujah. Amen. When God calls us, we understand that, you know, the the the splendor of God or the glory of God, however you want to say it, is something that can never happen except God presence is there. Amen. When God created Adam and God looked at Adam and said it was good, understand the glory of God. The splendor of God was radiating. Yes, sir. Amen. through Adam so much it produced a veil. Amen. And the veil, Amen, was so upon him, Amen, that he didn't even know he he was naked. That's good. Now, we know that we'll never go back to that state again. Amen. Because the prophet of God said that after this is all said and done, we'll still have we'll have clothing. Amen. But we'll never forget. Amen. Amen. Where we come from. Now you say, "Well, well, brothers, what are what where are you working with?" I am coming to a place because I'm trying to work several things. I'm trying to get you to understand how God has always displayed really an unconditional covenant to his people. Amen. Even though he never sat at the conference table with them, had he judged them according to their sins, nobody would have made it. Amen. Amen. Even when Adam had sinned, God told him, "The day that you you you eat of this tree, you should surely die." And understand, God separated himself from Adam. Amen. And Adam, amen, was no way on his way to find God. According to the prophet God, amen, we realize, amen, that Adam hid himself. Amen. But it was the grace of God. Hallelujah. That sought Adam and Eve out and said, "Where are you?" Amen. As you have heard, Amen. Angels, a third or more, fell from heaven and God didn't move. But when man moved out of his position, God came down. Amen. So you see there was a love, there was a connection. I looked that word up and it talks about Lucifer how he was beautiful and perfect. But understand he was only beautiful and perfect in a structural way. He wasn't perfected in the sense that he was eternal. Amen. Hello somebody. He was a creation. He never was a true son. Even Come on, somebody. Amen. He had everything. As as the prophet of God said, he was he he was he was God's right-hand man. Is that right? Amen. He had everything but the ability to create. There's only one ability to create. There's only one thing that God can give you to give you uh that you could have to to have the ability to create. And that's God himself. Amen. Now, Satan knows how to pervert, but he he Oh, come on, somebody. We have an opportunity to get something that Satan throughout eons never had. Amen. Amen. So, that's why he want to keep you from the Holy Ghost. That's why he don't want you to be truly born again. Amen. Because he realized only thing that gets to heaven is holiness. Hallelujah. We look at a scripture and then God begins to work with Abraham and and and and and and Abraham we call is called the father of faith. Is that right? Amen. And the Bible said that Abraham believed God and and it was uh counted to him and imputed to him as righteousness. Amen. And according to Amen, James 2:23, he says, "Not only that, but from that point on, he was called the friend of God." Hallelujah. I like that. Amen. Because, Amen. When you are standing for the word, you are a true friend of God. Amen. He calls me friend. Amen. Is that right? Amen. Oh, I like Deuteronomy when it says, "Thou shalt be perfect." Amen. With the Lord thy God. Now, you think that's something when the children of Israel were murmuring and complaining to Moses, and I I'm going to come back to this in just a moment about the meat. See, they were always murmuring and complaining and and Moses says, "Listen, are are you going to murmur and complain to us?" He uh uh basically united himself with God. Amen. Y'all understand me? Amen. Because Amen. as long as Moses stood there, he was the veil of God. Amen. So they looked at the man and they thought they were talking to a man, but they failed to see that the shakina glory was behind the veil of that man. Oh, come on, somebody. And Moses typed out the law. If God can do such a thing under the law, what will God do under grace? Hallelujah. Matthew 5:48 says, "Be therefore perfect." Amen. Even as your father, I like that. My father is perfect. And if I'm born of him, that makes me perfect. Amen. Amen. He said, "Be perfect, even as your father which is in heaven is perfect." Amen. Now, the prophet God said, God could never require that of you except he make a way for this to be possible. I'm getting excited now. Amen. Because I want you to realize, amen, that this shakina, this this journey that we're taking, remember the scripture says, you you never traveled this way before. Amen. We can see through the scriptures and we can get some examples. Amen. In type of what God is expecting out of us, but you and I must understand that Abraham is the perfect example. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. Brother Brandon said it like this. He said, "We are the covenant people." Amen. Just as Abraham was a covenant man, we are the seed of Abraham and therefore we are the covenant people. First of all, God got to make you know you not equipped to do nothing but believe God. Hallelujah. Every time Abraham tried to help God, he got in trouble. Amen. You understand this? This don't make you lazy. Well, if God want me to do something, he'll pull me out of the bed. If God want me to pray, he'll knock me out of it. No, sir. Brother B said, "God ain't pulling you through no tube." Amen. He ain't going to pull you through the tube. But if you are like it, there's something on the inside of you that's stirring you to do the perfect will of God, he doesn't have to. He He don't He He God is a shepherd. He He's not driving you like cattle right now. But he can do it. Is that all right? Listen. Word of God says Hebrews, I love this. For by one offering he has perfected. I like that word perfected because it's a it's a it's a word of process. Uh you're going to move. Amen. From the foundation of faith all the way up, Amen. to the perfect stature of Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Without murmuring. Amen. Without complaining. Amen. Hallelujah. Without trying to tell the shepherd how to lead you. Come on, somebody. Amen. And the only way that can be done, you got to have the shepherd. Now, we saw what they saw. They saw uh the children of Israel. Amen. They actually saw on Mount Si. They saw the glory of God. They saw the shakina glory. They saw the pillar of fire. However you want to put it, they saw it. They heard God speak. Amen. The Bible said when he spoke, it shook the earth. Hallelujah. Now, I don't know about you, that would have scared me if I wasn't secure. Hallelujah. But you see, God said he going to shake it again. And let me tell you something. Only those Amen. who seal with the Holy Ghost are the only one that'll be riding in a hiding place. Is that right? Hide me or hide me until the storm is passed. Amen. Come on, somebody. I'm enjoying myself here. Now we realize by the grace of God that this be perfect. It means the consummation of human integrity and virtue full grown. And that's what's wrong with a lot of people in the message. They won't grow up. Now let me put it this way. Have you ever seen a tree grow? But God says, "Amen. You're likened under trees." Amen. You can stare a tree down all day and you'll never see it grow because it's a slow process. Hallelujah. But that process is sure. As long as it's being watered, as long as the sun is shining. Hallelujah. Amen. It is growing. Amen. Hello. Amen. You're growing and you don't even know it cuz you're staring in the mirror trying to see it with your natural eyes. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. When you start seeing yourself growing, talk to me about it. Amen. Amen. But you see, the individual that's watching the tree can declare, "Man, you're growing." Amen. Right. really because understand your life is visible to someone else. Even when you can't see it. Hello. Come on somebody. Let's move on now. Listen. In the message perfection, he re he says God requires perfection. We want to bear that in mind that there's nothing just part way can go into the presence of God. It must be perfect. I worship everything. In other words, your worship must be perfect. And I explain to you, that's what Peter was saying. Amen. In building these things, listen, you can't add to it. It's the seed of God that's in you. You get that seed quickened, it will do the rest. Amen. Hallelujah. A farmer don't go out there and dig it up all the time and say, "Is it there? Is it there? Is it growing? Is it growing?" No, sir. He leaves it up to the law of nature. And that law of nature is God. Amen. That's right. Amen. Y'all hear what I'm saying? You know, one thing is just really hitting me. The Bible said it many times or said it and we've heard it preached. Abraham staggered not at the promises of God. He couldn't understand how it was going to happen. He didn't try to analyze it. He didn't try to dissect it. But he believed God. Amen. And he never staggered at it. Amen. He didn't care how old he got, how backsliden it looked. And don't tell me he didn't backslide. He backslid several times. But God made an unconditional covenant. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. And you and I backslide every day. But God doesn't look at that. He looks at the covenant that he's made. You thank God for this. Tell you not to go down to Egypt. And you know you do. Yeah. Y'all hear what I'm saying? He said, "Go left and you go right." You know, that's that's just human nature. But the thing is that thing got to die. Now in the garden of Eden, God had Adam and Eve in the garden and they sinned and transgressed the laws of God by sinning, disobedient. And when transgressions come, disobedient is transgression of the law and the law of God. Him being holy, just, unadulterated, holy. Therefore, no spot of unholiness can ever stand in his presence. How can God come in here then? How can the spirit of God come in here? Amen. And and you're unclean. Hello, somebody. You know what it is? It's the blood of Jesus. Amen. It is the only reason why God can connect himself with you and I. And that's the blood of Jesus. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Sanctifies you. So if sin came in now listen you got to understand this now Moses you you think about how Moses get into the presence of God like he did when God when Moses met God he did not have a sacrifice right there was no burnt offering but God God had already justified Moses before the foundation of the world. The lamb was slain before the foundation of the world. All God had to do is go back and pull it up and say, "It's fixed." Amen. That's who covered you. That's what covered you in that while you were sinners, God slay slew a l Oh, come on, somebody. He could look and say, "Oh my, he's under the blood." Even though he's a sinner yet. See, because you wasn't just, you didn't come sons. You always were. Amen. You just didn't know it. I mean, I'm I'm getting excited. I'm trying to finish this thing. It's a lie. But listen, I want you to understand by the grace of God what God is doing. Then sin must be dealt with. Because a lot of time people say, "Well, I'm under grace." Yes, you are. So was Abraham, and Abraham had to pay for his sin. Amen. Jacob had to pay for his, and he was under the covenant. Amen. Right. Oh yeah. Sometime it doesn't come speedily, but God knows how to slow walk you. Is that okay? I'm trying to get to it. I'm trying to get to it. And understand sin is unbelief. It took a prophet to tell us that. We thought sin was drinking, smoking, cursing, and carousing. And he says, "Uhuh. That's the fruit of sin." The world still thinks sin is those attributes. But it's because you disbelieve is why you do what you do. Is that Come on, somebody. It's because you disbelieve. Listen, if God say you changed and the devil say you you're not changed, you have a choice to believe what the devil tells you and what God has says. It goes right back to the Garden of Eden. Eve had to make a choice to believe God, what God said or what the devil said. And by doubting, like I taught last night in Bible study, doubting and fear. All you got to do is doubt. Doubt will bring fear and fear will bring torment. Amen. Right? The spirit of fear, Amen, doesn't make you a coward. The spirit of fear uh brings you to a place where you could be courageous or you could be a coward. You make a choice. on whether I'll be a coward or whether I'll be courageous. You always have a choice when it comes to fear. You say, "Oh, no, no, no, no. The Bible said that per that perfect love cast out fear." Amen. So fear is coming, right? Why you say, "Oh, what do you mean, brother?" Listen, danger being being in danger doesn't mean that you have to have fear. Amen. Right? That's what God taught us. Moses saw his life endangered and he began to cry out, "Oh, God." You know, just like the people, they saw the lie. And yeah, I'm I'm preaching what I taught last night, but it's true. It's in your mind. The battle of fear is in your mind. That's right. Amen. You have to make a choice. That's why God said, "Why cry? Speak, Moses." Amen. I'm with you. Fear is when you let your mind determine the end. Lord, you didn't even contact God about it. You done determined it in your mind. You got cancer. Oh, I'm going to die. Did God say that? No, sir. Y'all understand what I'm saying? It's what we allow it to happen. Come on. Let's move on. By the grace of God, I don't know. I'll just pull that way. Amen. See, we don't deserve anything from God. We don't deserve anything from God. But one thing for about God, even in the type when it came to the sacrifice of the dove, God never separated the dove. He separated the lamb and the bullock and whatever more. Amen. Separating law from grace. But when it came to the dove, she remained whole. Why? Because it was a type of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. It was a type of God's mercy. It was God type of God healing. God healed in the Old Testament. God heals in the New Testament. Amen. Hello, somebody. I'm talking about Amen. the splendor of God. I'm talking about the glory of God. Amen. Let me move on. There is no law and there is no justice. But law required or justice requires a law. And the law when it calls on it protects justice. Now by that law, no flesh is saved. That's right. H Which one you rather have? Lord, grace give me grace, Lord. Because grace is unmmerited. It's God's favor toward you. Don't get mad cuz God loved me. He loves you, too, if you can receive it. Right now, the law cannot save us. The law is just the things that put us in jail. But it's it has no redeeming power. The law only showed us that we were sinners and condemned. That's what the law is to do is to condemnation or to show you where you where your mistake is. So the law in itself could not save. It could only prosecute. And God being holy and just he had to have a prosecution. He had to prosecute the sinner because he had overstepped the boundaries of grace and had become a lawbreaking citizen. then he must be dealt with and every law has a penalty and for the penalty of transgressing God's law is death and it had to project death to the human race and all the human race is under the penalty of this law and now when Adam and Eve has sinned there was no way no other remedy that they could ever stand in the presence of God again except this sin be dealt with now when the lamb opened the book Huh? I love this. This is such a powerful revelation to me. No man was worthy. Amen. Hallelujah. It take all the religion out of you. That's right. It take all of the hot air out of you when you realize no man was worthy. Amen. Paul, come on. Moses, huh? Come on, somebody. No man was worthy. They all failed. First of all, they were born in sin. There was nothing in their bodies that could redeem you. But Jesus, who had a body who could redeem you. Not only his body, his blood. Come on, somebody. Hallelujah. Body that veil rent a holy veil. He was the only one that had a holy veil. Amen. Right here. Here it was the devil and everybody else was looking for the fountain of life and the fountain of youth. And here it was walking in a 33 year old man by the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. He was the kind of glory. Hallelujah. He was God. Amen. Manifested in the flesh. And here the everybody the whole world looking for eternal life. And they stared the tree of life in the face and couldn't recognize it. He spoke life. I am the bread of life. I am that rock. Amen. I am. And before Moses was I am, he spoke those things and they didn't even have ears to hear. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. Here it was. God. Remember now, the tree of life was also in the in the book of Genesis. Brother Bam says so. He said the tree of life and the tree of knowledge of good and evil were both persons, people. Trees. Like Adam and Eve were trees. Come on, somebody. He said they were there and here God in Morphe come right down again born of a virgin. Hallelujah. Y'all understand me? So we look at this thing and we say, "Well, brother, what are you saying?" I'm I'm saying, listen, we uh uh uh being that we were disconnected. Let me let me read something here. how difficult it is with not difficult for God, but how man seem to be so difficult to deal with. I marvel and and maybe you don't, but I marvel at at God's grace for me. I can't even hardly put up with myself more and God puts up with me. I honestly I do. I marvel. I marvel at the battles that I have during the day. Some things shouldn't even be battles. You know what I'm saying? I' I've come a ways and some things shouldn't even be battle. And I when I find myself though God gave me victory, I think to myself, why did I have to wrestle with that? Y'all understand what I'm saying? Why did I have to wrestle with that? Amen. So, let's move on. By the grace of God, I'm talking about the glory of God. What is this all about? You and I, we can look in the book of Revelation and see the the the city of God coming down with the new Jerusalem with the glory of God. But you see the reason why she can come down with the glory of God because she went up with it. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You can't come down with it unless you go up with it. Oh, come on, somebody. That means we got to get that here before we go up there. The prophet of God said, listen, I love this. He said, "You got to have 10 buckets." He said, "The five foolish had five. Foolish had five." He said, "The wise had had 10." He said, "You have a you have to f five buckets to get you to the door and five buckets to get you in." Amen. Huh? Because remember, even the foolish versions got to the door. They came to the door, but they couldn't get in. Why? They didn't have the Holy Ghost. They didn't have that token life that took them all the way up and completed the work. They wouldn't let the blood of Jesus here perfect them. Did you notice how Israel got messed up? Because they were always murmuring and complaining about their carnal situations. And that's how the devil gets us. Come on. Amen. They It was always their God had become their bellies. Come on, somebody. Amen. And that's what's wrong. Amen. We look and we say, "Oh my goodness." Amen. We complain about this. We complain about that. It was all natural things. There was nobody who asked for anything spiritual. God, you got to supply my needs. Come on, somebody. I would rather be somewhere drinking branch water and eating eating soda crack cuz Amen. and and have all the spiritual needs I need. Amen. To be the richest man in the world. But our complaints are always natural. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Is if it ain't bills, it's this, it's that, you know, it's just all these natural things. And God trying to take us to a heavenly home, all this stuff is going to be done away with. And we're complaining. Listen, it just seems like that man can't learn only through the hard way. We find that even in our children, we have to punish them many times severely to make them understand. It just seems like a man is just himself a total failure to begin with. When he's lost his relationship with God, he become a unit of his own. He didn't depend on God no more. And when God had taught him the lessons of what it was to try to do something within himself, that his work will always come to knock. Every time you try to do it, every time you try to help him out like that, he said it's going to come to not. He said immediately we find them again, right down to achieve again. And the Bible said that they they built them a tower and they were going to climb up in this heaven to get up into the heaven without coming. The way of God had planned for them to come. And let me say it like this. That's exactly what a lot of these message people have done. Amen. They think they're going to get to heaven on their own way. You got to be born again. You got to have the Holy Ghost. Ain't nos, ifs about it. Amen. That's right. The bride knows that. Yes, sir. Amen. She knows that. And listen, there are people who've got the Holy Ghost and don't know it, Lord. Stir up the Kool-Aid. Get the sugar from off the bottom. Right. We've allowed Satan to oppress us. We've allowed Satan, Amen, to make us feel. And that's his job. Because if he can make you hold a bottle of Y'all know how it is. You Where's the water? I I I put my water somewhere. Brother Brooks, it's in your hand. Amen. How many times we've done that? I can't find my keys nowhere. Anybody seen my key? And we find out it's right in your hand. So is it with the Holy Ghost? We don't feel him all the time. So you feel like you don't have him. What feelings got to do with it? Amen. You couldn't change yourself if you wanted to. The Bible said no man can add a cubid to his statue. So who got you where you are? Hallelujah. Just like the other day the Lord, the devil, God woke me up and you know it's around 2:00 in the morning and this whole flesh didn't want to get up and he done talked to me two times twice already. Then the third time he said you know the devil ain't going to ask you get up and pray. I said yes Lord. Come on. The devil ain't going to ask me to get up and pray. Oh man, that was one of the best prayers I've had in a long time. Hallelujah. See, God talks to us. Amen. Yes, he does. But we in our lazy ways, right? Right. And the Bible said that they built them towels and they were going up to climb up to heaven to get into heaven without coming the way God had planned for them to come. And man can achieve better when he when they're united together. That's man. Look how they destroying our country. United. Now you take one man by himself. His power is limited to one man. See, ain't no one man behind this. It's proven itself today. Come on, somebody. Two men makes him twice his strength. Four men makes him four times his strength. And God wants us to be one. God made man that we should be one. And our motives should be one. and our objective should be won and our achievements should be won. He just designed that way. And we find out that immediately after the Angelian instruction that man began to try to take over again himself and all the time these things are going on, the spirit of the living God is striving with flesh. That was my first time ever really understanding what brother what God was saying. Striving. Get yourself out the way so I can do it. Amen. Amen. Your perfection does not come by human effort. It comes by the Holy Ghost. God building the man. Hallelujah. When that man Amen. I'm trying to think of his name. He slipped my mind just that quick. When he built Moses, Moses had nothing to do with. He was just a rock. It was a man who was doing all the carving. What was his name? Michelangelo. Yes. He was doing all the caring. Moses was just sitting. Come on. Moses went in the rock. Moses couldn't even get out the rock without Michelangelo. Come on, somebody. And you can't get out of this. You can't be perfected without Michelangelo. Without God himself chipping away at your life. Little by little. He didn't do a rust job. God chips a little bit. And sometime when that chip, that little bit chip is gone, you can't even see it. But he's looking at it, right? Come on, somebody. I've tried to sculpt when I was young and I was supposed to do the head of a man. It looked like the head of a monkey. Because Amen. I couldn't get what I was seeing. Amen. To, you know, it the picture could. I couldn't do it. But you got people who can really see and they can shape that thing chip just enough because they don't want to chip too much at one time. They might mess up the whole thing. That's what God is doing. Be like, "Hurry up, Lord. Don't you understand? You ain't going to miss the bus. When God get ready to leave, he'll have you done." Amen. Don't you worry about it. It's all in his control. I believe that with Hallelujah. with all my heart, mind, and soul. Don't fear. Amen. Don't take your let your mind says, "Oh, God, I'm not ready. I'm not going to be ready." How do you know that? Amen. God knows the perfect timing. God knows what he's doing. Hallelujah. He said, "Don't get anxious for nothing. When you get anxious, you get in God's way. Help us, Lord. Ei, the spirit of the living God is striving with flesh, trying to get man away from his own achievement, trying to get man away from his own selfish motives and objective to a plan which God has laid down. And as long as man works in his own plan, he will be a failure. Come on, it's the truth. When I first heard the statue of a perfect man and thinking man filter, I could never get through that filter. Every time it looked like I was getting ready to escape, brother Brown come up with something else, I'm like, "Oh, God, help us, Jesus." And I used to like, "Lord, how I'm going to get through this filter." What what what I didn't understand that there's a man who's already gone through the filter. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm going to show you something. What God showed me. What if this is the lamb? Let's suppose that this is the lamb of God. And this lamb has to die for you. This this lamb, right? You done wrong. You guilty. handcuffed by sin, right? Chained. Amen. By circumstances, you're there. But you said, Lord, but there's a lamb. I I chose to to be your substitute. You You're guilty. You're guilty as charged. You you you all you you're worthy of every disease ever hit the earth. You You're worthy of death. You You're worthy of hell. You're worthy of everything. But there is a lamb. There's a there's there's a someone here that's going to take your place. Oh, hallelujah. And when this one take your place, you can go free. Amen. You think I'm going to jump up and say, "Hold up, sir. I think I can kind of help work it out." No, sir. Put me on a working plan. I don't think so. Amen. So if this lamb is crucified and killed for me, and he dies the penalty of death, hell, and the grave, then what happens? I'm free. I'm just as guilty, but I'm free. Amen. Y'all hear what I'm saying? This is what Calvary is all about. This is redemption. You're guilty. I'm guilty. Amen. And the thing is, God, I can't never free myself cuz I'm guilty. Amen. Thank you. I've been caught in the act. But now because the token life, this has been paid. My penalty has been paid. Polar fella dead for me. Shouldn't I love it? Shouldn't I love this lamb? Should not say, "Oh, if it wasn't for you, I would I would be dead right now. I could have all kinds of affliction if if it wasn't for you, little lamb. even though you're dead. But one thing I love about this lamb that was able to rise again. Hallelujah. Amen. So we don't have to hug up on a dead lamb. We're hugging up on a real one. He's alive and well. That's why if you take let God take you to Calvary, you'll love the lamb. When you realize what this lamb did for you good. The devil say you're going to hell. How could I go to hell? And why should I even be afraid to go to hell? Amen. He went to hell for me. Amen. Hey, ain't no second trip. Ain't no two trips, brother. One trip. Yes, sir. He went to hell for me. I'm scared I'm going to miss the rapture. Scared or what? If the Holy Ghost is in you, there's no way you can miss it. The Bible said, "If that same spirit be in you that was also in Christ Jesus as it quickened his body, it'll sure quicken yours." Come on, somebody. Let me ask you one question. How many times you felt the life in you? Never. You just know you're living. Hello. So how how many times you how how come you feel like you got to feel it in you this Holy Ghost? How you know it's in you? Because you're living. Amen. It ain't feelings. Yeah, because I got life. I can clap my hands. I can stomp. I can jump. Whatever. But listen, it's because the life is in there. I don't feel nothing running through my veins. Hallelujah. Y'all hear what I'm saying? I know it's there. Cuz if it wasn't there, I wouldn't be standing here before you. So is with the Holy Ghost. How you know, Brother Brooks, my life has been changed. Amen. Amen. My desires have been changed. Amen. Amen. Glory. Yeah. Amen. That's right. That's the glory of God. Don't you know the glory of God would, you know, never meant to stay on the c on a cart. Hallelujah. You know the B the Bible says, you know, my body yet thou has prepared for me. Hallelujah. But God's all his intent has always been to to hide behind your badge of skin. You know why he preached that? He got a badge of skin cuz that fell bad. [Laughter] You hear what they said? Don't just be badgering me. That ain't a good That ain't a good expression, right? Amen. That badge is a bad critter. Amen. And so here here God said this flesh of yours is a bad critter, but that's where I abide. I hope that's okay. Amen. Amen. Amen. I want you to understand this glory and I hadn't even gotten to where I want to be. Help me, Lord Jesus. Look what he says in the message of perfection. He said he came himself to offer his own blood, for it did not come through sex. Sex had nothing to do with it, but he overshadowed a virgin and brought forth from a blood cell that he created himself the innocent one. Then my salvation, yours tonight, does not hinge upon the merits of your own act, our own acts. It hinge upon the positive, sovereign grace of the almighty God who has chosen us in him. Certainly, I could never be perfect, nor could you never be perfect. And we don't claim to be perfect, but we have the this one consolation that our faith rests in a perfect sacrifice that already been received. Then how do we know that we get there? When the worshipper puts his hand by faith upon the body of the Lord Jesus, the fields of the tears of sin, the mark of spit in his own face, feel the groanings of the cal Gethsemane, the agony of Calvary, and knows that he's guilty and confess his sins correctly. And bless the Lord, I am guilty and I have no other way but you to help me. And by faith, your bidding, the Holy Spirit has come and bid me come. And I now by faith accept Jesus as my personal savior. Amen. Amen. Simple. That light that comes from him on Calvary called the Holy Ghost which was hid in the blood shell of the Lord Jesus returns to the worshipper and baptizes him with the Holy Ghost into the body of Christ. And he's already judged. Amen. You don't have to worry about judgment. as I turn and look. Don't don't run. Nobody don't run. Right? He says, "Listen, you don't have to worry about judgment." Right? As I turn and look at the little crucifix, I realize that his presence, his body, and now the body has already been judged. Amen. Hallelujah. All them licks in his body, that was your body. Now he's now took his perfect body and he's living in your nasty body. Amen. Because of the sacrifice. Amen. Hallelujah. Ain't nothing good about this flesh. Don't even think that flesh ain't going to Listen, I'm going to tell you something. Every time it get a chance to betray you, it will. You better not put trust in your flesh. Think you got so much Holy Ghost you can put trust in him, he'll betray you. Amen. Like the old school say, "Can I get a witness?" And now that body has already been judged and you can't you can't judge justly judge it again for judged. So God can't judge it again. Somebody Oh my God. I tell you what, right now I got to preach, but I really see myself jumping. Amen. God struck the judgments of death upon the body. And as long as I can find a way to get hid in that body, as long as I can find a way to get hid in that body, his judgment was struck for me and for you. We are free. Romans 8:1 says, "There is now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus that walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit." There you are. No condemnation. I don't care what comes on comes or what goes. You are hid beneath the blood. And again, how do we get into that body? Hallelujah. He said by one spirit. See, that's why the devil don't want us to get into that. You know what I mean? He don't want us to get in there. Amen. And the and you know, it ain't so difficult. It's just what people, you know, faith faith. You know, I heard him say, "Amen. Lord, I'm the covenant people. I I I'm I'm I'm Abraham's seed. I come to get it." Amen. And you stay there till you get it. Oh, you got do what? What? How you going to know? Oh, your goosebumps and all. No, no, you'll know. You'll know. Oh, I speak in tongues. You might speak. You might do a lot of things, but that that doesn't declare it's there until you can get up knowing you changed. Amen. You even love the roach on the floor. That's when you know you got something. Mhm. Yeah, like I said, you know, one time for a long time, I thought I had to add to it. And I mean, I was getting frustrated. You know how it is. You think you got patience and you trying to add it, then somebody get on your nerve. Hallelujah. And all of a sudden, you done popped the chain, all your beads scattered out on the floor, and you're down there trying to pick them up to try to attach it all together again. But when God gives it to you, when God gives it to you, you are you feel like a dead man. Somebody's screaming at you and you looking at him like, "I'm so sorry, but I can't respond to that." Today, coming to church, I There was a man, Amen. Uh I was coming off on on um Merlh Road. There was a man in my blind spot. I didn't see him. I had the radio on, you know, lightly, you know, making noise. And you know, I'm thinking about some things that you know, and and and I heard this horn and I'm thinking, what's going on on the radio? I didn't even all of a sudden I look in the guys in the middle like and I couldn't get upset and I'm just saying, "Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry." Right? But you know what? God made it possible for that man to catch up with me way down the road on on Merl Hero. I rolled my window down and I said, "Sir, I'm so so sorry." I said, "I didn't see you." He he pointed at his rearview mirror. I said, "Sir, you must have been in my blind spot." I said, "I heard the horn." I said, "But I thought it was the radio." He said, "No, it was the horn." He said, "I guess we do those things sometimes." See, he left out with peace cuz I thought enough to I could have just ignored him. But the Holy Spirit had me roll the window down and apologize to that man cuz I was in the wrong. Hello, somebody. It's nothing wrong with saying I'm sorry. It's nothing wrong with being apologetic. When you're wrong, you're wrong. I believe somehow, Brother Rich, I I believe I passed the test. [Applause] I believe God did something for me, right? And that's what the devil does. He keeps gets us. I don't even know what time it is, but let me hurry. See, every seed of God will produce everything he says. Right? That's the word of the prophet. He said, "Every seed, every age produced what they were supposed to produce." Right? Hallelujah. And you even look at the shock age and you say, "Well, that was Pentecost." But I want you to know Seymour didn't sit at home and said, "I'm waiting for this thing to come." There was an anointing on Seymour and all the others of that age, whether it was here, there, it was something that anointed them that made them thirst and hunger for the living God. Amen. And they did get their portion. It was only those who came after them that pretended and didn't get it. But they got theirs. Amen. How come? You look at Luther, just a just a Catholic priest. And God made Luther thirst for him. Yes, sir. Amen. Luther didn't thirst for God. Oh, I I need more God. Luther would have remained a priest had not God knocked on his door. You would have remained a sinner. You would have remained out there or in some denomination or some organization had not God come by your house. You did not seek him. He sought you. Amen. Thank you, Lord. And because you could hear this message, you ought to be so excited. Amen. Because Jesus said, "My sheep hearth my voice and a stranger they will not follow." Amen. Thank you, Lord. When everybody else is saying that Prophet William Brandon is of the devil and this and that and the other and it wasn't right and he lied and this and that the other, there's something on the inside, brother Keith, that anchors the soul. Hallelujah. Why? Because you're not holding on to it. It's holding on to you. Amen. You can't even get away from it if you wanted to. Thank you, Lord. Huh? Because what we are expressing or feeling right now is the expression of God's thoughts about us being manifested right now in our day. You don't have to worry about the shakina glory. The shakina glory will come to you. Amen. What? Absolutely. Abraham wasn't looking for him. He came to Abraham. Amen. And God always come to Abraham's seed. Amen. Hallelujah. Like the prophet of God said, Abraham was among the idolattors and everything else, it was God. And how did Abraham out of all them gods down there in Chald and Babylon? How did he know that was a voice of God? Come on, somebody. He couldn't even see him, didn't even have a name. Hallelujah. But there was something on the inside that that made that voice familiar. Come on, somebody. It's like when you first heard those tapes. Hallelujah. Amen. You didn't hear a man's voice. It was a voice in a voice. That's right. Something that made you know that's right. I can't explain it, but I know it's right. Oh, that's your kind of glory coming. It's already here. Amen. Come on, somebody. It's going to be on the increase. Come on, somebody. Why? Because we're moving from glory to glory. How do you You know, I like that word. I like that word glory. It's something about it when you say glory. You know, you don't hear that too often no more, but there's a time when people used to get happy. You didn't have to worry about Jesus whether he was in the building or not cuz they scream out glory. Then the other one says glory. Then it be like glory. All of a sudden they out in the middle of the floor. See, but they murmured. Israel murmured. They saw the glory of God. But let me tell you something. And that fire looks like look like it's consuming you did you looking in the wrong through the wrong eyes. Cuz the same fire they saw as a consuming fire, Moses bowed and said it was God. Hallelujah. God's fire don't come to consume us. It come to consume sin. It come to burn out all the demons. Hallelujah. Amen. We're not afraid of the fire. God, let the pillar of fire come in here. Hallelujah. I've seen it before people. I know it exists. Hallelujah. See, that's what I'm saying. That's why they can't tell me nothing. Benny Hinn didn't have it. He ain't got no pillar of fire. Come on, somebody. Amen. Or Roberts didn't have it. Billy Graham didn't have it. Hallelujah. But our messenger of the hour had the pillar of fire. Amen. And the pillar of fire didn't disappear when he disappeared. Hallelujah. Why? Because we are the number one. Can I say it? Choice of the age. Hallelujah. God said, "I save the last for the best for last." We are the covenant people. We are the one that goes into the shakina glory. Why? Because that's where we came from. Amen. You say, "Well, brothers, I don't believe that." Aaron, that same rod that Moses had was passed on to Aaron. Amen. That's right. Come on, somebody. That same rod, we didn't know whether was male or female. But a female, a male can't bring forth armors. Come on, somebody. And he put that rod behind the veil. You know why? Because that's where it came from. Amen. God saw you and I as a dead tree lamb. Hallelujah. But you were you were God's God's God's gods. And when he put you behind the veil where you came from, hallelujah, not only did you b and blossom, but you brought forth others, Miss Jesus Christ, that's where you come from. You whip the devil under the law and you'll whip him under grace. Is that right? The prophet of God said you are not like Mary a part of the word. He said you are the word. You are the word. Go figure that one out. Hallelujah. That's why we got to go back to the glory of God. That's why the devil got all these old educated teachers. Amen. To make us think, Amen. By the grace of God, the days of miracles are passed. And you know, you know, I had a man tell me said, "Bear years ago when I lived in South Carolina said, "Man, you man, you you know the you know the pillar of fire disappeared when Joshua I said, "Let me tell you something. You too late to tell me about the pillar of fire. I done seen it with my own eyes." I said, "And 300 300 other people have seen it with their own eyes." I said, "It's too late to tell me we're not supposed to see it." Amen. Seen it since then. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. Amen. I remember the time when I was in India. Amen. and the pillar cloud. Brother Tom Brown was be I'm preaching and and and and Bombay and that that pillar cloud coming there and them Hindus ran to the altar, got baptized and saved. I'm a witness what God will do for you. I'm a witness. Amen. That was the same year a lot of them was being killed. Missionaries were being killed at one time. Amen. The missionaries got killed in their car and burned up and stuff like that. And here I was in that over there at that time. And you know, I'm going to tell y'all, God is my witness. You know, I knew the presence of the Lord was with me, but I laid down in my bed and I looked up and all them lights were just flickering. I ain't talking about human lights. I'm talking about God lights. That's all I can tell you. All I'm just telling you. Amen. God will protect his own no matter where you go. Hallelujah. Hello. Amen. Somebody saying amen back there. That's Judah. Ain't God good to us? So what I'm trying to say, folks, you know, if you do away with the supernatural, you do away with your existence. You were born supernatural. Amen. You are supernatural. You're just a supernatural being stuck in this natural body. That's right. That's what it is. Hallelujah. and supernatural supposed to follow you wherever you go. That's right. I think I told you about the dog. Did I tell you about the dog when I was jogging? Okay, I'mma tell you again. But I was jogging the other day. It's the truth. I was jogging the other day. I had God on my mind. I was jogging and stuff like that. And just down the road, I said just a little further than that door to me, maybe from there to there. Here it was a dog had big dog had done broke from the broke from his chain and was circling this man and his daughter and and and the man had a little puppy and his daughter trying to hold them both and the dog just jumping up trying to snap him and stuff like that and the man's trying to get away and I started praying for him and for some reason the dog stopped with the man and he saw me and started coming across the street and there was a big bush right there and I thought well let me just get this tree bush piece for this tree just in case. I wasn't afraid, but I, you know, I I wanted some security. But while I grabbed the tree lamb, I said, "In the name of Jesus." Now, that's what's so funny because I didn't do that myself. God is my witness. That dog stopped like on a dime. Hallelujah. He looked like this like he was watching for the traffic or something. He and he went sniffing. God said, "Don't move." He went to sniffing like to see where I was and he couldn't find me. He turned back and I went on jogging. Hallelujah. Now, don't get me wrong. I tried that before and failed. I tried it. Amen. But God stopped that dog right there. And while I was going up the hill, the the Lord brought it back to my mind about the bull and the prophet. Let me tell you something. You can't manufacture this, folks. It's got to be God inspired. Amen. Hallelujah. Ain't God good? Now, I don't know about you, but the glory of the Lord came on the day of Pentecost. How many of y'all believe that? That same shakina glory came down with the licks of fire. Hallelujah. Have y'all ever seen it? The same time we saw the pillar of fire, we saw the licks of fire sitting in front of us just like that. Like a light, like one of those old light bulbs. You remember the inside and the flame go like that? That's the way it was. None of us could see a move. We were spellbound. We don't even know how long we sat there. Amen. But God, Amen. When we first came to this message, the word we every gift was pro uh was there and prophecy came and said, you know, uh I don't can't remember verbatim, but he said the reason remember the reason why uh I've I've manifested myself to use to to to say that you are my bride and this message is true. It can't nobody take it. I don't care if they could scientifically prove things wrong. It it wouldn't bother me anyway cuz they can't explain what's in there. Come on. They're so powerful. Yeah. But they can put me under I guarantee you they can put me under MRI and never see God. That's right. But he in there. [Laughter] Hallelujah. He's in there. Ain't God good? Amen. Now, I've got to I've got to hurry and I'm going to close on this cuz I I'll pick it up next time I minister. Uh brother uh Kyle is coming this Sunday. So, listen what it says in Habaca. For the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of the Lord as the water cover the sea. Is that all right? Amen. Uh so we understand by the grace of God Isaiah 40 and5 says the glory of the Lord shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together for the mouth of the Lord has spoken. Amen. Hey The glory of the Lord shall be revealed. That means it was hidden. Hello, somebody do. Oh, I don't think I I tell you what, I'll finish this this message some other time. But let me say it like this by the grace of God. It's going to strike us one day soon. Amen. Soon. Because I'm going to tell you what, you have no idea the treasure that you you possess. This treasure you this treasure that you possess. Amen. is it's beyond no money can pay for this. You you know we're not oh my god the economy gonna drop and oh my god oh what is going to happen to us nonsense. I'm looking at it and I'm says countdown. I'm counting down brother because listen you know I don't think that you know when you prayed up you're not afraid of the fire. No no no no. They here it was they going to throw uh uh uh Daniel and the lions in or Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego in the fire and they weren't afraid. You know, no, no, no. They they had already prayed up and you know, brother said they they had an all night prayer and God now never answered their prayer. He said God never answered them, but they said he we know he can deliver us and if he don't, hello. When this squeeze really come down, if he don't Amen. I'm not gonna bow. Amen. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Even if he don't, I'm still not gonna bow to this image. I know what the image is. Amen. How many out there know who the image is? What it is? See how blessed you are? Yes, sir. There's so many people think they got the Holy Ghost because they shouted, dance, and spoke in tongues. And you know the real true Holy Ghost. Amen. What a treasure. Come on, somebody. You know that you can't even be predestined. you. The only way you can ever truly hear this message is that you're predestinated to hear it. Is that right? You are the sheep of God. Amen. And you have been ordained. See, God couldn't send a prophet, Amen, to preach a word unless there was somebody to receive it. Amen. So, your gift to receive it is just as powerful as his gift to bring it. Amen. Amen. It ain't like Jeremiah. He didn't say, "Well, listen, Jeremiah, I'm going to have you preach all this time and ain't no one nobody gonna get saved." No, he didn't even tell brother Brandham that. No sir. He goes and he takes him beyond the curtain of time and said, "Millions, millions, millions." Amen. And then he comes along said, "But in this last little day, this last little portion that we're going through," he said, "Only a few will make it." I'm so glad I'm one of them. Folks, we got to keep pulling. We got to keep pulling. and I experienced uh uh uh uh some wonderful time. Amen. And I'm going to tell you something in the Lord and and it's going to get greater. It's got to get greater. But it's you two. Come on, somebody. A love affair takes like they say, take two to tango. That sounds kind of con, you know, but I'm going to tell you something. When God come on the scene, he's expecting something. And when you come here, you come expecting. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You come expecting. Amen. And just as sure as you do. And that's why I can go other places, amen, and preach the same message somewhere else and get such a powerful response. It's not that the word is not good. It's not the word is not great, you know, but we don't come expecting like they do. God is so faithful to us, folks. I'm telling you, he is. Let's stand by the grace of God. Oh, I love him. How adore him. I breath my sunshine, my all in all the great creatator, became my [Laughter] savior and all God fullness. ness dwell in him once again. Oh, I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my in the great creatator, became my savior and all godfilledness dwell live in him once again. Oh, I love him. I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my all in all. The great creator became my savior and all God's fullness dwell in him. In my closing, I'm going to read this quote coming from perfection. If there is anything that I can do to make myself perfect in the presence of God, then Christ did not have to die for me. If there's one thing that you can do that would merit anything in the presence of God, then Christ died in vain. No lawkeeper, no legalistic ideas of yours, none of your own holiness, no things that could quit, nothing that you could quit doing, quit lying, quit stealing, quit smoking tobacco, quit going to the picture show, still you are lost. Nothing can do it. Joining church rituals, ceremonies, baptisms, orders of the church, reading of creeds, saying of prayers, all those things would count nothing. You are lost. Not one thing you can do in yourself, for you are a sinner under condemnation. There's not no way within yourself or creed or anything that you could do or think of yourself that could merit one thing in the presence of God because you are a sinner to start with. And the Bible declares that we were all born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come to the world speaking lies. And God could not take one man to die for for the other because one is just as guilty as the other. In the presence of God, the archbishop born in the world was as guilty as the Lord's barfly in the city. One cannot atone for the other. Therefore, he took an innocent life of an animal, a little lamb. And under the Old Testament, the law was when a man said he brought the lamb to the altar. say if the transgression, any of the commandments, he brought the lamb and he laid it on the altar. He laid his hand upon the lamb and he confessed his sins that he was wrong. Know that he was guilty. The law required death and he brought the lamb in hisstead and the throat of the little animal was cut and it began to kick his little feet and bleeding. If you ever seen a lamb slaughter, what a pitiful cry the poor little fella tried to bleed and his little jurg vain cut. Amen. So, brother, he's going on to say, "Listen, ain't nothing you can do if we don't trust in God. If we don't trust in the lamb of God, and let me tell you something, you and I are so blessed because we're not under organization. We're not under denomination. We are under the bloody bleeding word of the son of man. We are under the true lamb of God." That's why you got to eat the flesh. You got to study. You got to read. Come on, somebody. You as a bride of Jesus Christ have been commanded to take the book, eat it. Eat it all up. Is that all right? Hallelujah. One more one more one more uh scripture and I'm going to read this and and let you go. Ain't God good to us? Amen. To know. Amen. Oh, I feel like shouting John right now. I feel it really good in my soul. 1 Corinthians 10:10 say they murmured neither murmur ye as some of them also murmured and were destroyed of the destroyer. So understand there is a destroyer out there ready for those who going to go murmur and complain. God will destroy you for that. That's the biggest thing they did. Murmur and complain. You know, when you murmur and complain, you just need to be delivered from a murmuring and complaining spirit. That spirit is there to make you uh uh get God in a position to destroy you. Because you murmuring and complaining, you don't like his leadership. Huh? He's leading and guiding you. Right? The Bible said, "In all things give thanks." Come on, somebody. You may not be able to understand it, but ask God to teach you to say, "Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Come lead us in the song. Anybody have prayer requests or anything?
