################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2014-05-07 - The Power Of The Blood - 2014 04 20m - Pastor Isiah Brooks - Isiah Brooks.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2014-05-07
Title:   The Power Of The Blood - 2014 04 20m - Pastor Isiah Brooks
Speaker: Isiah Brooks
Church:  Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogWAxrUwsh8
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
The Power Of The Blood
Pastor Isiah Brooks
Recorded - 2014 04 20m
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
As we said last week, light can never be defeated. Amen. Because God is light. As we stand, let us turn to the scriptures according to Genesis 4. You love the Lord. Genesis 4 3-7. We want to praise God for the testimonies and things that have gone up before the Lord. Thank you, brother. Knowing that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. God said, "These signs shall follow them that believe." That's not preacher only. that every believer sign should be following them. It is surely a token of the resurrection. Amen. You love God. Genesis 4 3-7. And in process of time it came to pass that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto the Lord. And Abel, he also brought of the firstling of his flock, and of the fat thereof. And the Lord had respect unto Abel and to his offering. Amen. Would like to turn to Hebrews, please. 11:4. Hebrews 11:4. It reads, "By faith Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous. God testifying of his gifts, and by it being dead, yet speaketh." If you notice, by the grace of God, the next verse was or is by faith Enoch was translated. Amen. Those things in the word of God are not just put there to be placed randomly, but God places everything in its proper order. And hopefully to this morning, we'll be able to minister the word of God so much so that you'll be blessed. Amen. You pull on the gift and I'm sure God will bless you in a special way. Amen. Let us pray. Father God, we come before you, Lord, as humbly as we know. We thank you once again for being so good to us. And we pray, Father, that you just have free course here this morning, Lord. You know, there's not one thing I could do, oh God, to help your people. But I'm here, Lord God, so that you will may be able to use my lips and speak to your people, to their hearts. Forgive us and cleanse us from all unrighteousness, Lord. And we pray that your perfect and divine will be done here this morning. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. We said unto you Wednesday, we were going to preach on the power of the blood. You know, I really believe by the grace of God that a lot of time we don't know how good we have it. We sing about the blood, the blood prevail, victory in Jesus, all these great hymns that we sing. And you must realize that the only reason we can sing these songs is because what took place on Calvary about 2,000 years ago. We look at this thing and we wonder how can God do such a thing. And I often think to myself, how on earth God came up with the thought, the shedding of blood of the of an innocent lamb to restore mankind. You know, uh I I don't know how he came to that that thought, but I'm glad he did. We find out by the grace of God that through history, if you look at all of the tribal people from all over the world, somehow they knew there was something about blood. If it was human sacrifice, animal h or or or animal sacrifice, whatever it was, it it was something about blood that somehow fascinated man. And I you and I can always take it back to the Garden of Eden because that's where it all started at least in this dimension. The Bible tells us according to Genesis 9:4 that it is life that is in the blood. Amen. The scripture tells us, "But the flesh with the life thereof, which is the blood thereof shall ye not eat." So it was forbidden, amen, for mankind to eat blood because it was uh uh uh uh basically against the law of God. There was a purpose that God wanted this blood for and it was not for us to be eaten. Now we look at this thing and we understand and I don't care how much you say you are a Christian. Let me say it like this. There are many people that who who claim to be Christians but yet they are not under the blood. They are usually under some umbrella of a denomination or organization. And you and I must realize that God in this last day used to wink at ignorance. He doesn't anymore because God has revealed himself in this last day. We must recognize, Amen, that what God what took place in in in in Egypt, just excuse me, in in the Garden of Eden alone, we find out that after Adam and Eve sinned, they tried to hide themselves and the Bible tell they us that they sold uh fig leaves around themselves. Hello. But that was not suitable for God because God had in his own mind something different. He knew they were going to fall. You know, he didn't say, "Oops, I I didn't realize this was going to happen." But because we realize God slew a lamb before the foundation of the world. So God knew that Adam and Eve would fall and he had a solution for the problem. But man, we always like this. We always want to put something to it. And I hope by the grace of God, I'll be able to preach the word grace to you this morning. That so much so it will set you free. Because we realize that's what Adam and Eve did. They first thought that they could help restore themselves by veiling themselves with fig leaves. And those fig leaves were not, as I said, suitable for God. Let me put it in our modern term. Your religion, I don't care if you faithful in going to church, faithful in paying ti, faithful in worship, whatever, your religion is in vain if you're not under the blood. There's only one place of worship, one place to find God, and that is under the shed blood of his dear son. Now, I'm trying not to go so fast, but I want you to realize by the grace of God, there will be a many people come up short in this last day because they think they are under the blood. By the grace of God, I hope I can explain this. Romans 3:25, we have faith in his blood. Romans 5:9, we are justified by his blood. Romans 11:25, we have a covenant in his blood. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. And I like this. St. John 3:16, there's love in the blood. Hallelujah. So, you and I must understand in that what God was doing in the Garden of Eden, he was he the Bible said he slew a little animal and he wrapped Adam and Eve. It covered what? their nakedness. So in other words, your religion is not a covering that God will accept. It is only the bloody bleeding word of God you can cover yourself with and be accepted by God. Now I I'm I'm explain in a in a minute. Now we look in the Bible and you and I must realize that we've got it so good. We've got it so easy. There's no reason why any of us in here this morning should be lost. Amen. I mean, we're not like the Jews. We've got to sacrifice millions of animals. Come on, somebody. And most of us perhaps could would not have been able to afford the animals that we would have need to sacrifice. Uh well, let me put it this way. I would not have been able to afford it because I need forgiveness all the time. Hallelujah. And listen, people, the they were in bondage. They had to wait a certain time for this animal to be sacrificed and this to be sacrificed. They had to wait in line. Think about it. Conscious eating them all up. Amen. And there's no way they could get a relief from their conscience because there's somebody's ahead of them and they can't say just God forgive me. But they faithfully did it year after year after year after year. Amen. They faithfully uh sacrificed those animals unto God. And it was just a covering. God could still see the bump in the rug. It was just a covering. God could still see the bump in the rug. Why? Because the blood of animals and bulls and goats could not remit your sin. It couldn't get up get rid of it. All it could do was cover it. We needed a real lamb. We needed something. Amen. that not only would remmit our sin, but get rid of it as though we had never sinned in the first place. This was a a great task that God had to do because the Bible tells us no man was worthy. The Bible says that all had sinned and come short of the glory of God. Is that all right? Maybe you thought you was righteous enough to make it. But I tell you what, I I think sometime how holy God is, I'm ashamed of myself even now. Hallelujah. Amen. If it wasn't for the blood of Jesus Christ, where would I appear in his presence? Now, we look at this thing and you say, "Well, brother Brooks, uh, you know, you you you got to realize that I don't care how great Moses, Joshua, Caleb, and all the rest of them were." Amen. They were not qualified to take away your sins. They were lambs, but they had spots, blemishes, failures. Hallelujah. Guess what? You and I were born failures. So don't be disappointed. It is what it is. You're born a failure. And there's only one way of becoming victorious and that is in Jesus Christ. Now, let me move on by the grace of God. We rise by the grace of God according to Hebrews 9. And I'm going to read this because I'm I'm going have to jump. There's no way that I can just give you this this this this to draw the full picture. And I trust that somehow God will help you out. We realize, Amen. As I said, they were all about rituals. Isn't that funny? Because that's how a lot of churches are today. They're all about rituals, the outward appearance. Jesus even told the Pharisees and said, "You look like, you know, uh, why is supper because you look good on the outside, but the inside, he said, you're like dead men bones." And what what good is it to have religion and with no joy? What good is to have religion with no peace? What good is to have religion, Amen, without it resting your soul? Hebrews 9 beginning at the 8th verse, excuse me, the Holy Ghost signifying the way of the holiest of all was not yet made manifest while as the first tabernacle was yet standing. Now realize, amen, he's working with the Mosaic tabernacle, the tabernacle that Moses built and all of that. And we realize that Moses, amen, saw this by design, not his, God's design. He only built it according to the pattern in which God has shown him. There was a outer court, there was an inner court, and there was a holies of holies. You see what I'm saying? Y'all heard this before. The outer court is when the sun shine. And that's how Christians are. As long as the sun's shining, they're happy. Cloudy days, they're sad. Thunder and lightning, they're fussing and fighting. Right. Amen. But the inner court, Amen, is in the candlestick light. uh uh light, right? You got the seven messages starting from Paul all the way up to the Malachi 4, William Brandom of our day. Hello. But when those light goes out, come on. Cuz we know they go out because in some people's lives today, that last candlestick has gone out. They can't even see their way anymore. Oh, come on, somebody. It gets smoky in the place. Come on. And that was the age when God called us according to Matthew 10. Is that right? A voice cried out, right? Amen. Call in 10 versions. Trim your lamps. Get away. Get away from all of the the junk of the world. Trim your lamps. Amen. So that you can see your way. Now we we realize that. So what happened? Where were we going from that from that inner court? We were leaving from the inner court going somewhere. God wasn't just leading to telling us to to to to come in something. What we were going into, we had to come out of something to go into something, right? We went somewhere. The wise foolish virgins went somewhere that the foolish virgins could couldn't go. The wise virgin went somewhere that the foolish virgins couldn't go. Why? Because the foolish virgins were datory. Come on. That Yes. Hallelujah. Procrastinators. Amen. But the wise virgins were diligent. Where did they go? The Bible said they went in a door. Hallelujah. They went into a door. And you say, "Well, what door did they go into?" They went into Jesus Christ. Cuz he said, "I am the door. I am the way. I am the truth. I am the life. So where did they go? They went into the door that the foolish version said they had gone into. And the Bible said they were shut outside the door. That means Jesus in this age according to Revelations 3 was knocking at the door. He was at He was the door but he was knocking at the door of your heart. Right? But it switches now. Now he wants you to knock at his door. Amen. Is that right? Because the foolish version came knocking but they couldn't get in. How do you knock on Jesus door? Lord have mercy. Here I am, Jesus. God, let me in. H. Y'all know what I'm talking about. I'm working with prayer. I've jumped all over my notes, but by the grace of God, let me read. The Holy Ghost signifying the way into the holies of all was not yet made manifest while at the first tabernacle was yet standing, which was a figure for the time then present, in which were offered both gifts and sacrifice that could not make him that did the service perfect as pertaining to the conscience. In other words, think about it people of God. They sacrificed all those animals and they left there feeling just as guilty as they were when they went there. There was nothing to appease. There was nothing to satisfy the guilt. Hallelujah. Y'all hear what I'm saying? There was nothing. Can you imagine going through those rituals all the time and yet stilling guilty in your conscience, not being able to determine what was right, what was wrong. Oh Lord, what a miserable place to be. But Christ being come, listen and let let me read it. says, "Which stood only in meats and drinks and divers washing and carnal or ordinances imposed on them until the time of re reformation imposed on them." imposed on them. Come on, somebody. You got to do this. You must do this. This is the law. If you break it, you're going to jail. You don't do it, you die. But Christ being come a high priest of good things to come by a greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made with hands, that is to say, not of this building, neither by the blood of goats and calves, but by his own blood he entered in once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for us. Is that right? You say, "Well, what do you mean, brother? There was a lamb. There was a blood. There was amen. A a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s s situ h uh how God could bring a solution, amen, to us this morning. Now I'm working with something. I haven't even got to where I want to go, but as I said, no man was worthy. No man was worthy. And just to think, Amen. The Jews had done all of these things throughout history and yet their sins remain. You say, "Well, where you get that scripture from?" Jesus said unto those Pharisees, "Except you believe that I am he, you should likewise die in your sins." Why? Because he was the true perpetuation. He was the true lamb of God. He was the only one that could remit their sins. vanquish them as though they never been before. Right? See, now listen. He says, "Now we we go on and we say, well, well, brother, uh, what was this all about? You and I ought to be so happy." Christians are not joyous and they're not as happy as they ought to be. And it's only because they we've allowed the cares of the world and things to choke out the joy of God out of us. We we forgot how free we are. And you know, most of us have forgotten how how once we were in prison, how we were in jailed up within ourselves. Come on, somebody. And nobody knew you like you. Come on. Anybody in here perfect? Oh, y'all answered wrong. Hallelujah. Whether or not you are, I am. Hallelujah. Not by my own doing. If you're not perfect, you won't get to heaven. So, how you going to be perfect? G. Yeah. Come on, somebody. Jesus said, "Be ye perfect as your father in heaven is perfect." Now, if you if you can't There's no faults in heaven. Ah, come on, somebody. No flaws. Everything's perfect. So, how you going to get there if you're not? See, that's why Christians can't have the joy because you see, Satan is constantly showing you your fleshly faults. You'll never be perfect in this flesh until God change it. Amen. That's the redemption of your body. Y'all pulling me in the wrong in the direction I don't want to go right now. But it's true. I mean, you and I must realize that's why we're happy. I sing because I'm happy. You know I sing. Are you free? Because I'm free. His eyes on the spot. What? I'm free from the penalties of sin and death. That's what this day is all about. God didn't rise, Amen, to make another religion. He came to set the captive free. Amen. Is that the word? Amen. Now listen. He says, "How much more?" Now these bulls and goats, they did what they did, the blood. But he says, "How much more shall the blood of Christ who through the eternal spirit There you go." See, it wasn't just the blood. It was the eternal spirit working through the blood. That's what I'm talking about. You say, "Well, I'm under the blood." My question is, do you have the eternal spirit that was in the blood? Hallelujah. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. You said, "Well, Brother Brooks, you know, I' I've been faithful." And there's a lot of faithful people right there in hell right now. Why? Because they didn't know Jesus Christ as their personal savior. You say, "Well, what? Well, brother, I know him as my savior." But you got to understand, he can't just be your savior. He must be your lord. That means he's telling you what to do. Ain't nobody going to tell me what to do. The Bible will. And if you don't listen to what he says, guess what? You out. Is that true? Somebody's going to be your Lord, whether it be God or the devil. You choose which one you want to be your Lord. Is that all right? Amen. Let's turn to Revelation 5. I got to hurry. Now, we're looking at this thing because nobody's worthy. There's only one lamb. There's only one solution. So, let me say it like this. God don't give you a multiple choice. Huh? You don't have a multiple choice. You don't have more than one answer. That's right. Come on, somebody. You got a right and you got a left. Right. You keep going right. You don't have to worry about going left. Right? You keep going right, you don't have to worry about being left. Hallelujah. Behind. Amen. So you and I must realize by the grace of God. Amen. That God, Amen, has fixed it. As I said, and you've heard, Amen. say this, like the prophet said, nobody goes to hell for drinking and smoking and cursing and lying and stealing and all. That ain't why you go to hell. You go to hell because you would not receive your pardon. You would not accept the sacrifice. You said, "Lord, I I believe in you." And yet you doubt what his word says. See, that's why we go to hell. Our unbelief, not our thoughts. If that be the case, Moses would be there. If that be the case, Joshua would be there. and everybody else that were born onto this woman's world, hallelujah, would be there. But thanks be to God. Hallelujah. God had a solution. And it was his blood. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But people don't understand this. Well, I don't want no Holy Ghost. You don't want a blood transfusion then. And that's the only way that you can make it. You got to have a blood transfusion. What blood transfusion? His blood transfusion. You've got to get the life of Jesus Christ in you. And the only way it could get into you is if God give you a personal blood transfusion. That's what the Holy Ghost is. It is the life that was in the blood of Jesus Christ. And that's the only blood that is accepted. Amen. Hallelujah. In heaven. Come on. The Bible said no flesh and blood will enter there. But Jesus blood is spirit. Help me somebody. I feel like shouting John this morning. Oh my. Revelations 5 says, "And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside sealed with seven seals. And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, who is worthy to open the book and to loose the seals thereof? And no man in heaven nor in earth, neither under the earth was able to open the book, neither to look thereon." Come on, somebody. Not Paul, not Aranius. Come on, somebody. Martin, William, Brandon. Come on, somebody. People say, "Well, he opened the seals." No, he didn't. It was God who opened the seals. He was there. Amen. As the seals was open, God needed a visible person. He uses your body, but it was not the man. He said, I didn't even know what he was going to say. I was looking into other books trying to figure it out. and God come by, hallelujah, and open it up to me. Let me tell you something. Even if you understand just a little bit of this book, this book, God gave it to you. Anybody know what I'm talking about? You can read and study this thing all day and not know nothing. God hide himself right there. You won't even be able to see him. But my when he open it up. Hallelujah. You're able to see him from Genesis to Revelation. Hallelujah. Thank God for the lamb of God. Amen. Is that right? He said, "I wept much because no man was found worthy to open the book open and to read the book, neither to look there." You couldn't open it. You couldn't read it. Nor you Listen, it's the truth. Look at all of those men who come before. Amen. They tried to understand that they tried to open it. The only thing they could ever give us like Luther and Wesley was those things that God opened to them. Hello. Because you got to believe, Amen. When Wesley came, they talked about a sanctification. Huh? Amen. Now, we realize the sanctification that God told us about is not because we're sanctifying ourselves. It's God sanctifying us through his Holy Spirit and by his Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. Am I making sense? There's a sanctification, but it's not by human hands. It's by the Holy Ghost and fire that God burns that life that those demons out of all of us. Anybody know what I'm talking about? He burns them. He gets rid of them so much so, Amen. you don't even want to drink or smoke or gamble. Yes, I'm a witness. I used to be hooked on alcohol. God delivered me. Oh, maybe it ain't much to you, but it is to me. I know where I come from. I worked in the club. Come on, somebody. Don't get ashamed. It is what I used to be. Look at me now. Hallelujah. Only God can do this. Hallelujah. Only God can do it. I know what he can do. I'm here to encourage you. Amen. There's power in the blood if you trust him. Let me tell you something. I tell you, that demon came to me that for the last time. He wanted me to go get myself all lit lit up. Amen. He was anointing me. My everything was going on. You know, I was in the house by myself. Amen. Thank God I was because they probably would have called n well with 911 back in then. They they but they could call the patty wagon. Somebody Amen. Hallelujah. I went to screaming. Hallelujah. Jesus. Jesus. Just like that. Probably louder. Lord, don't let me do this. I don't want to do this no more. Hallelujah. I'm tell you, the window was shut. All of a sudden, a wind came through. Hallelujah. Whatever demons was in there, left with the wind. Hallelujah. And I never had a problem with it since. But see, that's how you got to act like a madman sometime to get God's attention. You can't get all sophisticated and uppidity up and Lord like saying a prayer. Don't say no prayer. Pray a prayer. Hallelujah. And when you get in desperation, God will answer your prayer. When you get in desperation, you don't care who look. You get ugly. It's all get out and you don't even care. I know. I remember Simon's sister up there. Amen. And in and in and and Napoleon, her baby was having having seizures and she got in the spirit. I mean, they had the whole tissue. I didn't even know that much fluid can come out of a person's nose. I mean, she was there for hours and didn't even know it. And when God brought up up out of there, God baptized with the Holy Ghost. When God brought her up out of there, not only was she filled with the Holy Ghost, but her child was healed of those seizures. So, you can't tell me she went there for her daughter, but she got a blessing, too. You can't tell me God ain't working. You know, I want the devil to know that. He knows it, but he need to be reminded. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. Let me move on. And one of the other said unto me, weep not. Behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, had prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof. And I beheld, and lo, in the midst of the throne, and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a lamb, as it had been slain, having seven horns, seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God sent forth into all the earth. Now, kind of mind men would say, you know what, God ain't a trinity. He's, I would say, seven. He's seven, you know. And he came and took the book out of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne. Now, I want you to realize, amen, that there's nothing wrong with loud worship. Matter of fact, amen. Our prophet tells us that this is the quiet place. The quietest of all three places, heaven, hell, and earth. Right? They loud and carried on in in heaven, and they loud and carried on in hell. Amen. Some of y'all need to go listen to those few minutes in hell again. Hallelujah. Have y'all ever heard about that? That thing that they you can listen when they did that that thing in Russia and they tapped into that dimension and you could hear hell. Come on, somebody. Have you go on YouTube and find it, right? You'll never it'll never leave you. You'll never get over it because it's real. The screams and the hollers, the screaming that comes from that place. Amen. and they accidentally tapped into whatever you think it wasn't God that did that. It's realise. But you know, sometime we allow ourselves to forget what Satan is pulling us into and God's trying to pull us out. Oh, come on, somebody. Now you say, you say, "Well, brother, anyway, let's move on." So, we realize by the grace of God, God comes along and the Bible said nobody was worthy. But listen, that lamb took the book. When you get to heaven, you're not going to I don't care what kind of uh medals you got on the on your shoulders, you'll realize one thing. I'm not worthy to wear it. The Bible said those 24 elders fell on their face. They threw their crowns because they realized that it was only one worthy and that was the lamb. If it wasn't for the lamb, no doubt they could say, "I wouldn't be here." Hallelujah. Amen. If it wasn't for the lamb, I wouldn't be dressed in disarray. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. Now I listen. The we look at this thing and say, "Well, well, brother, what do we what are you trying to say?" We recognize that all the rituals and ceremonies that the Jews did concerning Jesus Christ, God bottled it all up into one man. Amen. Every ritual, every holiday, every ceremony was in Jesus. Huh? Come on, somebody. It's the truth. It was all in Jesus. And I'm going to tell you something like this. Amen. It doesn't matter how how we think. Oh, well, you know, I I'm not a bad person and I I try to be good and you know, I'm nice to my neighbors and, you know, I feed the poor. The Bible said you can feed the poor. You can have faith to move mountains and have not charity, which is God's love, which is God's Holy Spirit. It profits you nothing. You don't even have a covenant. Oh, let me hurry up because I'm too much on this one now. Now, Jesus Christ was he was pure. He was a pure and perfect sacrifice. He was a pure and perfect priest. He didn't have no infirmities that he had to to get forgiven of. He didn't have a problem. Amen. That he had listen. Is that the truth? Now, he was sick in his flesh, but he overcame every sickness. The Bible said, Amen. He was even tempted in his body such as we without sin. He never disbelieved. He was a pure and perfect lamb of God who performed the perfect sacrificial ritual. Is that right? He just didn't cover it all. He covered it all. That's right. Amen. He triumphed over Satan and all Satan possessed. Amen. In other words, he left Satan powerless. And you've heard me say this so many times. Satan's power is given by you. Cuz God took it away from him. He has no power. He has no authority. Not when it come to the name of Jesus Christ. You say, "Well, Lord, I want to make it. I just got to make it." Colossians 2:9 says, "For in him dwelleth all the fullness of the godhead bodily, and ye are complete in him, which is the head of all principalities and powers. Get behind me, Satan. I'm already complete." Oh my. You say, "But brother Books, I don't see how you can stand up there and say that." All I can tell you is the prophet of God went behind the curtain of time and he saw me there. Now, I wouldn't be there if I wasn't complete. I'm complete. I don't care what I look like right now. Hallelujah. I am and so are you. If you are in Christ, hallelujah, you are complete where? In him. Because you could never complete yourself. You say, "What do you mean by that?" That's why Jesus Christ being the second Adam, right? Or the last one, however you want to put it. Brother Bham said like this. He said God left his feminine part in there while he suffered. She was there when they slapped him. She was there. May maybe you're not getting it. Let me put it this way. I was there when they spat in his face. I was there when they mocked him. They laughed at him. I was there. When they crowned him, I was there. Hallelujah. That's why I tell people who suffer from these migraine headaches, you don't have to suffer. That's the devil. When they pierced Jesus Christ on his head, he took that migraine away from you. Hallelujah. The pressing of those stones on your head, amen, was a devil's migraine, and he took that from you. Yes, sir. He covered it all. He triumphed over Satan and all he possessed. You got to realize this crucifixion was no joke. And that's the thing is you and I have never seen one. So you and I can't imagine what it was like. Come on, somebody. It was worse than stumping your toe. It was worse than slamming your your hand in a door. Y'all hear what I'm saying? I'm saying these things because they can't even be compared. It's worse to the worst sickness you ever had. The worst pain you ever had is worse than that. Hello. Now, this crucifixion was no joke. You know, it looked like it was started by the Romans, but really in my studying, I found that the crucifixion was actually started by Alexander the Great. He started there, amen, in the great Persian Empire. And from him, amen, he taught it to what they call the Cath the Cathinians. And the Cathogenians taught it to the Romans. But it was the Romans who perfected it. And they literally took this thing and and and what they did, they were hanging you to keep your feet. You were so vile. Amen. Any man, the Bible said, "Cursed is the man that hangeth on a tree." So therefore, you were so vile. They wanted to keep your feet from touching the ground because the ground you supposedly crucified on would be holy ground. Nonsense. But the point is, the thing that I love about it, you know, it's amazing because they said when, you know, all of the blood the blood had to be poured to the basin of the of the of the of the sacrifice of the bowl, the bowl, the basin. And I thought, Lord God, I said, you know, God knew exactly what he was doing. Hallelujah. They said they they said they found the ark underneath the the the place where he was crucified. You know, God had to crack the earth because the blood had to drain. Oh my God. Amen. And you look at this thing, you say, "Well, brothers, what does that mean?" Listen, no matter what the Jews think, the true ark of God is here. That's just a shadow and a type. Hallelujah. But let me say it like this. Before the blood of Jesus Christ could ever get to your heart, Amen. He's got to rock it with an earthquake. Amen. He's got to crack that old stony heart and let that blood go right there in order to give you a heart of flesh. See, we we look at our hearts and you know, and it's it's something about us, we march up. We don't want to we don't want to cry. I tell you what, it is so hard. I could remember the time when the power of God would move. people would be shouting, crying and snotting and and whatever more it was. Now we've gotten so sophisticated and we've gotten more educated in the message, you know, and you know, now we know the greater and the deeper things. You don't know nothing. If you don't know Jesus Christ and he you know that he lives in you, you don't know nothing. You just got an imagination in your mind. Hallelujah. You got to have him on the inside. So much so he walks with you. He talks with you and he tells you that you're his own. Glory. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. When the devil said you're a devil, Jesus said, "No, you're not." Amen. Y'all hear what I'm saying? The devil said you're a hypocrite, that Holy Ghost said, "No, you're not." Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. Y'all know what I'm talking about? When God re You say, "What? What?" Yeah. He speak. If Abel's blood was able to speak, come on, somebody. Cain killed Abel and Abel blood spoke and in speaking he said Lord where's my revenge but the Bible said there was another blood a greater sacrifice hallelujah that was greater than Cain and that sacrifice and that blood still speaks and that blood say father forgive them for they know not what they do that's the blood and all of us amen we look at this thing let me tell you something. I'd rather for the world to hate me for what I preach than to compromise on what I know is true. If I was going off of whether people like me or not, I'd be dead already. I got more enemies than friends. Y'all hear what I'm saying? So listen, let me say it like this. If it's hard sometime, I got to preach it because I'd rather deal with your angry faces than to deal with God. Amen. Now, we look at this thing and you got to realize, amen. This hanging on the tree was the it was a it was it was it was designed to produce the maximum pain and suffering in a slow death. It remind me of hell. The place you die, never die. And it's so long now. Come on, somebody. You know what people said? I'm too young. I can't I can't I'm too young. I can't be no Christian like that. I'm too young. I wonder what they thinking now that they've been down in hell for thousands of years. Huh? Was that that's that period is far longer. You traded eons of time over a little vapor of time. As James said, who cares about criticism in hell? Everybody's being criticized. And guess who criticized you in hell? Your own soul. Your own soul will be there and said, "I told you. I tried to warn you and you wouldn't listen." Hallelujah. The Bible said we're buried with him by baptism. I'm going too long. I'm sorry. My point is, Amen. When Jesus was crucified, listen what he said. I love these words. He said, "It is finished." Amen. It is finished. In other words, I've done everything the scriptures required me to do. It's finished. I've done the work, Lord. It's finished. And he told his disciples, "Now my time is at hand. Now that I've done all the deeds and everything is perfect, I've got to be sacrificed." Now, I'mma tell y'all this. Some would dare to die. The Bible says, but you got to realize what this death was about. Now, a lot of us saw the passion of Christ. It was worse than that. The human man, we we can't even fathom what how bad it was. But history said he didn't even look human after the beating. And guess what? You did it. He was taking your stripes, your whipping, your beating. And every time you go out in sin, that's another lick for Jesus. You did it. He suffered on Calvary because of us. I put him there. You put him there. And every time we willfully do everything, you literally are striking the man you say is your savior. You literally putting wounds on him. Come on. And think about it. He never changed his mind about you. He still loved you so much. He was willing to take every lick that Satan had coming to him. Hello. Think about it. Think about that. He loved you so much that he was beaten to a pulp just for you. Oh God, help us, Lord. Somehow we're not We got to brain freeze some here. I could feel it. You can't even comprehend it. No, you can't. But if you ask God to take you there, Amen. you would appreciate Calvary a whole lot more. Now, think about it. Here it is. The crown of all things, the end of time. We've had Pentecost. I'm jumping here. We've seen signs and wonders. But what was this finished? Let's go back to the beginning because you got to realize Jesus Christ would not have had to come had not Adam and Eve sinned. Not in the way he did. He would have just come as a son, but he had to come as a savior. He had to come as a deliverer. He had to come as a healer. Because he knew Satan through the fall was going to pervert everything and make it, excuse me for saying it like this, hell on earth for the children of God. Hello. He did it when Jesus Amen. raised from the dead. The Bible said we rose with him. Hallelujah. The Bible said we died. We rose with him. We were there when he kicked Satan. Amen. And slammed the door and took the keys. You and I were there. You say, "I don't remember, but I was in him." And so were you. Hallelujah. And you up on earth saying what you can't do. You did it all when you in him. You just got to you just got to meditate on the word and believe that you were there. Amen. You'll have the devil running from you after a while. Hallelujah. When he when he think about it, no man, no man, I don't care how great they were, had ever come up from the grave. Buddha, Allah, whatever his name, Muhammad, and all of them folks still down up in there. Do you think they in heaven with seven wives? I don't think so. There's only one people, they going to be shocked when they see Muhammad down in the fire. They kill me for saying that, but the truth is the truth. I don't care how many ways denominations say there's only one way to salvation. One way. Hallelujah. One door, one way. And everybody one God. They say, "Oh, it's three." Ah, you need to focus your glasses, right? Cuz it ain't nothing but one. Come on, somebody. Amen. So, we look at these things and you say, "Well, brothers, listen. Let me tell you something. Couldn't Wouldn't it be confusion confusing if you had three daddies? Think about it. Three daddies. But that's what people saying. They saying he's three and God is one in that way. Then therefore, whoever created you was all three of them. How you going to have three daddies? God in his wisdom brings you to one man. One man is your daddy. Yeah. Another man can say, "Well, I wish he was mine." But that's all he could do is wish. Cuz you can only come from where you come from. Am I making sense? Amen. So, we look at this thing. You say, "Oh, brother Brooks, listen. He whom the Son is set free is free indeed." Now, the Bible said there is now no condemnation to those who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. The Bible tells us that once you receive the Holy Ghost, you are now in God's eyes walking after the spirit. Why? Because the spirit will lead you. So wherever he leads you, you follow. You're not walking according, "Oh, do I make mistake?" Yes, but you're still being led by the Holy Spirit. You say, "Oh, it can't be." Yes, sir. The Bible said, "The footsteps of a righteous man are ordered by the Lord." God leads you like a shepherd. Hallelujah. And guess what? Sometimes he leads you into hard places and he already know the results. God ain't surprised. Oh my goodness. I didn't know that he would do me like that. No, he did. He knew what was in you. So he took you that way so that you could see what was in you. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. But his point in leading you there is not for you to wallow. His point in leading you there is to get up. The just man falls seven times in a day and he gets up. Come on, somebody. Amen. When you're born free, you can never be a slave again. I thought somebody would respond better than that. But it's true. I got my papers. I got my papers. Hallelujah. And my papers were written before the foundation of the world. I know who I am. If I can't even get to where I'm going, blessed be the be he God. Amen. And father of our Lord Jesus Christ who have blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Then why would you let the devil make you feel like you're cursed when God say he done blessed you with all blessings? You need to just start preaching to the devil. When the devil says you're not blessed, I'm blessed. Not with some, all things. Do y'all really believe in healing? Amen. Y'all know what I'm saying? Do you really believe in healing? When you believe in healing, guess what? I'm going to tell you something. Let me put it this way. Don't you know healing is a token of eternal life? When God When you see healing, that means eternal life is somewhere. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Now, I'mma bring it back to his word. God has already given Listen, God gave uh uh Noah a token. God told Noah, he said, "This rainbow sign It's my token to you. It'll never do this again. Is that right? It was a sure thing that God listen, let me put this away. A token is just a piece of the hole. Amen. Right. It is something that that gives you an assurance that whatever this token is about, I got it. In other words, Amen. I have a quarter, a token, and that's a token. And and especially if I want a loaf of bread. Well, you know, you're not going to buy that nowadays like that, but it used to be. You could buy a loaf of bread for a quarter. Anybody remember that? Oh, I'm the oldest one in here. Oh my god. Amen. So, you and I must realize. You must realize. Amen. Yes. I remember you could buy things with a penny. Did you know that you could buy cookies two for a penny? Anybody know where you could spend a penny now? No. You can't get nothing for a penny now. But my point is, amen. When when it comes down to a token, a token is a small part of representing the whole. In other words, when God gives you the Holy Ghost, that's just a token. That ain't the whole. Come on, somebody. That's just a token, somebody. And if it's good now, what is it going to be later? Hallelujah. Oh my god. Think about it. Think about it. You said, "What a token?" Let me tell you something. What a token could do. A token can make a a a man by the name of Elijah run so fast he passed a chariot. That's the kind of token I'm talking about. Amen. That was just a touch of heaven. Hallelujah. He was in another dimension. Hallelujah. I wish I was there to see it. Hallelujah. You said a tok a token. This token I'm talking about. Amen. It's just a part of heaven. Amen. Philip didn't need a car. He didn't need a plane. He didn't need a jet. He was translated. That's what this token gives you. Amen. Amen. It's just a part of the hole. And one of these days, Amen. Amen. We'll be translated out of here and we'll look back and think, "Oh my god, what a dump." He said, "When I see the blood," he told Moses, "I'm going to give you the blood as a token." Hallelujah. Amen. The blood of the lamb, that little Holy Ghost, that speck of Holy Ghost that you got in you. It's just a token. It's just something that said there's a greater land. There's a greater place. There's a greater something coming up the road. Hallelujah. Sometime that Holy Ghost get on you. So, Amen. You feel like you want to bust. Hallelujah. But think about it. One of these old days we will Hallelujah. One of these days we'll be translated. Think about it. Now I'm talking about the token because the token and you got a reason why he he raised it like this. Because it is the life of the blood. Is the life of the blood. and this blood. If Jesus, whatever Jesus did, let's put it this way. Let's put it this way in our term. If Jesus could take his DNA and put it on a computer trip chip and put it in you, cuz that's all the Holy Ghost is. Amen. God's DNA. And he puts it in you and he turns the computer on. Come on, somebody. This DNA is going to outride every little germ. Come on. No virus can stand on this one. Hallelujah. Y'all hear what I'm saying? This thing is going to go through the whole thing, clean it up. Amen. Give you a faster running system. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Mine's kind of going down, this one here. So, I need me a new one. Come on, somebody. Amen. It'll give you a faster one. Y'all know it's nothing like a computer that's running slow and you're like, "Come on, sometime today." You know, but when it's fast, Amen. you get excited. You, you know, it makes you even do this. Amen. You know, it just something about those fast pace. Hallelujah. Now, I say that by the grace of God, we'll travel like a thought because of the token. Amen. And understand this. This token can only be given to those who it is it belongs to. Come on somebody. Amen. That means the computer must be designed for the token to fit. The chip must fit your computer. Hallelujah. And where is the is is is where is going to be download the hard drive. Come on somebody. Come on somebody. And you and I must realize Amen. That's why we ought to be shouting, dancing, praising God, loving God, living before God. Amen. Because we realize we're free. Let me say it like this. There ain't nothing here can send me to hell. Nothing. Nothing can send me to hell. I cannot even send me to hell. Why? Because I've died already. I'm dead. Hallelujah. And the Bible said if I pass from death unto life, Hallelujah. when I believe in Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. So I am so free. The devil hates me and what it is. He's trying to make it miserable on this earth for you. Reminding you of your past. And like they say, you ought to remind him of your his future. Huh? Oh my my my my. Believe this me. Oh, I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm going to close out on this a just a bit. Uh because I I'll save the rest for this evening. For those who come out, we'll have a good time. Yeah. I know some of you have family situations to do, but then that's okay. You know, just keep God on your mind wherever you go, whatever you do. But I want you to understand this token. Think about it. I love this thing because the Holy Ghost had not come yet. And God told the man, he says, "I want you to circumcise them on the eighth day. See, the church ages couldn't get what we got. It wasn't the eighth day yet. It wasn't the eighth day yet. It was only on the eighth day. Hallelujah. The circumcision could happen. Hallelujah. It was only in this day. That's why God preached a message of visible union of the bride and the bridegroom. Hallelujah. Because there were coming a complete circumcision. That's why the Pentecostals failed. They didn't have a complete circumcision if they had only gone. See what I'm saying? They had the Holy Ghost in the outer court. Now, I'm talking the real ones now. They in heaven, but they supposed to be. But I'm just saying they didn't carry it all the way. They didn't go into the Holies of Holies. You see what I'm saying? Y'all hear what I'm saying? They got to the place speaking in tongues with the Holy Ghost. Shouting was the Holy Ghost. Dancing was the Holy Ghost. I'mma tell you something. I saw that devil do that before I came to this message or the Pentecostal church. Hallelujah. But when that life comes on the inside, it won't even let you do what you want to do. Huh? Oh, it would torment you. Did y'all know what I'm saying? It's like a nagging child. Mama, mama, mama, mama. That's how it is. Y'all know what I'm saying? The Holy Ghost is that way. He will never let you have peace when you done wrong. That's how you know you got something. Hallelujah. That's how you know you got something. The devil ain't telling you to make it right. [Applause] And all you got to do is let him grow. Grow, Lord. Add unto me virtue. Add unto me patience. Add to me, brotherly kindness. Add unto me. Add to me. Add me. Add unto me. And Lord, until I come into the p stature of Christ. H oh yes. I so thank God for the grace of God. Look what the prophet said in in and I'm going to close in just a minute. Just give me one or two more minutes. Don't time me. Please don't time me. Pat's vision 6124. He said, "What happens when two omnipotent meet?" Don't you know when you get the Holy Ghost, you are omnipotent? Oh Lord, I'm tired and I am weary. You got to stop singing that. That was the age before us. Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. Amen. We are victorious, Brian. Hallelujah. We've got the same songs of victory. Watch out, devil. I'm coming your way. Now, I don't know a song like that, but if anybody can write one like that, that would be pretty good. on with Christian soldier. Amen. What happens when two omnipotent mean when God and man comes together? Two omnipotent sometimes some something's got to shake. We've heard this before. Whatsoever you say with the creative power of the omnipotent of God. That was brother Keith's testimony. Amen. Anybody else have had a testimony like that? God has already put on your heart what to say, what to do, and it happens just like that. Hallelujah. Knowing that he's promised it and he said it in his word, it creates a power that goes out yonder and bring things to pass. You say, "Oh, brother, you know, I really want God straighten up." You know, we need to just straighten up and stop making the devil greater than God. Our gospel is not about Lucifer. Our gospel is about Jesus Christ. What he did, how powerful he is, how omnipotent he is, how he overcome everything. He victorious. He's God. He's the only true God. We don't have to worry. If you can focus on the right thing, you'll get the right victory. You get it? You'll get it. Hallelujah. The bride don't sing the blues. Come on, somebody. Hallelujah. Oh, if you had been here, my brother would not have died. No, we don't say that. Amen. Huh? We're right there. We're at the resurrection. He says, "Listen, we said I told you if you can believe it, you can. All things are possible. You'll see something here. But it's your faith. As I said many times, your mind is where the blockage is. It ain't the word. It's your mind. That's where the blockage is. You have listen taught traditions and all of that. Let me ask you a question. How many who were in here could convince a Muslim who's been born a Muslim that his faith is wrong? Y'all hear what I'm saying? He born that. He was taught that since he was a ni to a duck. How you going to tell him? If God don't come by and give him revelation, he'll never see it. Whether it be Baptist, Methodist, Presbyterian, Catholic, or or Pentecostal, if God don't come by and show them, they'll never see. Y'all hear what I'm saying? That's the only reason why you see is because God personally showed it to you. Otherwise, you wouldn't see it. You'll be on the opposite side just like anybody else. Y'all know what I'm saying? Same here. When I was in that one church, nobody could tell me. I thought that was the ultimate. Hallelujah. And I saw wrong going on, but I still thought, man, nobody can preach truth like this. Then when I heard the eagle scream, say, you got to come up higher. You got to come up higher. Hallelujah. I realized, Amen. From that point, I was no longer a sinner saved by grace. Hallelujah. But I was a son. Hallelujah. Born a son, created a son. Hallelujah. I didn't know I was a son until the sun shined on me. I always was a son. That's why I couldn't enjoy myself in the world like that. It's true. My friends could enjoy themselves and I'd come home every Saturday. You know, it's good now. I come on every Saturday. Amen. You know, you know, just crying in the mirror, you know, just just done. Oh my. Oh Lord, I ain't going to do it no more. I just ain't going to do it no more. Now you know you're drunk when you fall up the stairs. I done had that one, too. Hallelujah. Yay. Y'all know what I'm talking about? Y'all look, this old boy was no saint all along. And the only reason why I'm a saint now because God made me one. If you follow me every day, you'll find something I'm doing wrong. I fall short every day. Anybody know what I'm talking about? And don't get up in his head. There's a battle there going on all the time. Hallelujah. But regardless of that, I know who I am. Hallelujah. Amen. been washed in the blood of the lamb and I'm standing in his presence right now. This old foul body right now is going to be changed moment. Y'all know what I'm talking about. Because of the blood. Because there was a lamb. Hallelujah. They said, "Who's worthy? Who's worthy?" Hallelujah. They said, "Oh, John, don't you weep. There's a lion of the tribe of Judah. He's prevailed." Hallelujah. Thank God for the lamb. Thank God for the blood of the lamb. because of the lamb. Don't you know the whole creation will be restored? The whole creation, this thing, listen, every every animal, everything that's faulty, everything that Satan polluted, everything will be restored. Can you imagine just by the drop of blood? You and I, we have no idea. And I'm going to say something and I'm This is where I'm going to start. Possessors Because of the blood, we are possessors of heaven and earth. Come on, church. Y'all know what I'm talking about. In this little church, we've experienced God turning storms. Y'all, we prayed, "Lord, don't let it come. We want to have church." It turned. There was a time a bad ice storm would come. It split. The weatherman said, "We don't know what happened." Hallelujah. But this little bride over here, Amen. We know what happened. Hallelujah. Because, Amen. We're possessors of heaven and earth. Hallelujah. We know what we're doing over here. We're not running in the darkness like, "Oh my God, what am I doing?" Hallelujah. Amen. But, you know, we're not some kind of cow that think he's a sheep. We know we're sheep. We know we're lambs. Hallelujah. But we also got our father's nature. We can be lions, too. Hallelujah. We know how to roar. Hallelujah. When it's time to roar, people of God, let me tell you something. If you ever continue if you continue to judge yourself by your flesh, you going to be lost. Your flesh was judged by the law and it never could do do what it was supposed to do. You are a a complete mess up. Satan mess you up. You did not desire. It was your It wasn't your choosing that you would be born the way you're born. We're subject to these vanities. Hallelujah. We came into this earth being born in a nasty nature. And that's why God being so just said, "But that ain't the way you're supposed to be." Hallelujah. That's not the way I saw you in my mind. And what did he do? He's He's obligated. Listen to this. Listen to this. And you know, and I'm closing. He he said this. That old eagle went looking for that egg. Oh, I searched for God. You didn't search for him. He looked for you. And if he ain't found you in there, he going to find you. You You coming up. Hallelujah. Cuz he said, "I never lost one." Hallelujah. The devil will never take one of God's thoughts. If he if the devil is that powerful, he will reduce God. He could never take God's children away from him. Never. Never. Never. No matter what he does. You say, "Well, brother Rick, let me tell you something. There'll be a lot of people in heaven that you thought wasn't going to be there. There are a lot of people in hell who thought you thought was going to be in heaven." Why? Because it's not by what good works you do. It's by the grace of God. Hallelujah. And it's about, can I say it like this? It's election. It's election. That don't mean we go out and just do what we want to do. Lord, I want to do right. I want to be holy. I want to be what he wants me to be. But if I fall short, Hallelujah. Thank God. Hallelujah. God me. Hallelujah. By the blood of the lamb. Hallelujah. He's already covered me. I'm free. I'm free. If I die right now, I it'd be less than five minutes, I'll be in the presence of God. Less than five minutes, I'll be there. You say, "Well, brother, how you know that?" He promised it. That's what he did for me. I don't have to go by purgatory or or paradise. I'm going straight there. Brother Brooks, you know, I done made so many mistakes. Hello. He gave you the Holy Ghost and knew you still was going to make mistakes. And he sealed you to the day of your redemption. Hallelujah. That's why he said, "Grieve not the Holy Ghost whereby you were seen." Hallelujah. Oh, leave me alone now. Leave me alone. Oh my H. Yes, Lord. Woo. Woo! Hey! Hallelujah! Oh my my brother Rich had a dream whether I should tell or not and I forgot years ago my wife might remember Satan was we were living in uh Ohio and it's amazing it came back to me brother years later I mean but anyway that dream That dream was of God. I'm not going to tell it, but the dream was of God. And uh I I just say enough to say the enemy was challenging me on something. And uh I saw that same individual in that same uniform. I totally forgot about and it was so odd that I was looking myself But I can truly say God did that to remind me of something. So I appreciate you telling me, you know, I I want to say this, people of God, we we're getting ready to and I I I just wish I could say things in detail. I I don't know what God's getting ready to do, but I know he's getting ready to do something mighty. And I am so glad to be See, let let it say like this. It won't do you any good to study this message and know it from A to Z. Without the revelation that you're free and the grace of God has found you, you're going to always go back to the law. God can't love me because I'm not doing this. You wrong. The Bible said God loved us in while when we were yet sinners. But God ain't going to bless me because I'm not doing right. Hello. Let me tell you something. What he did to Abraham. Abraham lied. He was wrong. Went down there to that king and lied. When Abraham come up out of there, he was far more blessed than he was before he got there. He had more riches. Come on, somebody. He had more. And he had a greater revelation of God. See, you you you see, we can't put God in no box. And and I'm going to tell you, let me put it this way. It doesn't give us the right to just say, "Oh, I'm going just do anything." But my point is this. You've got to know you're free. You got to know if I die right now, I'm going to heaven. Not because of my righteousness, because of his. It's what he did for me. You hear what I'm saying? your lamb. If you if you can't if you can't say that from your heart, your lamb is not perfect in your heart. You don't have a perfect revelation of the lamb and what it did for you. You don't understand what the blood has done for you. If you can't truly say right now, if I die, I'm going to heaven. If you have truly received Jesus Christ in your heart, you cannot call the word a lie. The Bible said if you receive, you pass from death into life. You've already That's the word. Oh God, I didn't shout. I didn't dance. I don't care if I don't never shout or dance. I just want to live it. I want to praise him. Amen. Because of what he's done for me. Let's stand. Let's stand. I can go on. I can connect the service if you want me to. You know, I I put it this way. Uh saints of God, I still I didn't Anyway, God did what he wanted to do. But my whole point is because of the blood we're here. Don't you know on Easter rising of the sun, he said when that two sons rose, he said two sons ro uh rose that morning. Jesus Christ the son of God and the su n. They rose in harmony. The natural man and the spiritual man will connect one of these old days. My theophony. Come on, somebody. My word body. Amen. My glorified body and and and and me. We going to all come together. And guess what? It will be one. Hallelujah. It ain't going to be three of me. One. I cannot even imagine. Y'all think David was a dancer. I can't even imagine when I get over there what it's going to be like. Ah, no stop signs. Hallelujah. Nothing to deter me from what I'm doing. Oh my God. And they say, "I can only imagine." That's for sure. You'll have to have another body, amen, to look at him. You'll melt. You'll just fall apart. You You like sand grains of sand. You couldn't stand before God. You've got to have something different to stand before him. Think about it. No pain, no sorrow, no heartaches. Amen. and and and children are beautiful, but you got to understand there won't be no children. Y'all ought to be some of y'all should have been shouting, but y'all know what I'm saying? You won't have to be running over here. Come over here. Here. Come over here. No. All of us will be in a mature age. Children came by the fall, the way we come by sex. Y'all hear what I'm saying? But before then we were to be spoken into existence created even as Adam and Eve was full adults. Hallelujah. But because of that God had to learn teach us through children what the fall did to us. Because children has to learn how to talk properly, walk, eat right. We the parents. And because of the fall, we had to be taught all these things. Hallelujah. Among the animal kingdom, they don't have to be taught nothing. They already know. See, they didn't fall. we fail. So God is teaching man and man still haven't learned. So but in that day, Amen. They they all of us, but we'll be like children. You know, we might be in a grown state, but God said, "For such is the kingdom." Like children, you know, we won't we won't have these old computer brains. No, sir. Amen. We'll know all things. Huh? Is that right? Our theophony knows all things. Jesus said, "You know all things." And don't get me wrong, somebody got mad with me cuz I told them it wasn't going to be no snow. I said, "Don't mean no huh. Snow came from the fall and it won't be any there." God will have something better for you to do. It ain't going to be no hunting. I'm so sorry. All you little moose heads that's on this side, it won't be there. There'll be none of that kind of stuff. This is stuff foolishness in the eyes of God. Come on, somebody. Amen. So, I just thank God. I can't imagine, but I can hardly wait. You know what? I have to say that, brother, cuz I'm going to tell you something. The closer the rapture become, the more wicked you may even appear to be yourself. Your flesh ain't going to change, but the soul inside. More determination to sin. more determination to be like him. More determination is what you're looking at. Something pressing in you to to have more of him. What do you think that is? What do you think that is? That's election. You say, "Lord, I'm so far behind. Everybody can't be on the front line. Somebody got to come behind. I don't care if I am a komboose brother. I'm coming." I'm attached. Hallelujah. And ain't nothing breaking the chain. Hallelujah. Ain't nothing breaking it. It's a predestinated one. Oh, ship of Zion. Come on, somebody. You love God. Amen. Let's give God a round of applause. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, we thank you for this day. We thank you, Father, in commemoration, Father, of what you've already done for us, Lord. He whom the Son is set free is free indeed. Lord, we love you. Love you. Love you. Love you.
