################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2014-08-02 - United With Him - 2014 07 06m - Pastor Isiah Brooks - Isiah Brooks.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2014-08-02
Title:   United With Him - 2014 07 06m - Pastor Isiah Brooks
Speaker: Isiah Brooks
Church:  Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEfbVj9OLv8
========================================

Description:
Higher Ground Tabernacle Sermon
United With Him
Pastor Isiah Brooks
Recorded - 2014 07 06m
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
by the grace of God. And we're just going to work the word of God. And we trust that you're blessed here this morning. We just want to encourage you. I believe that we're living in the last days. I believe that the coming of the Lord is nigh. Amen. Uh Israel is now looking for their Messiah. They've been having all kinds of signs and things that are taking place there. We can see the ecamunical council moving. Uh this thing is moving at a rapid pace. Now I want you to understand as the darkness get darker, the light is to be brighter. Amen. And uh the only way that could ever happen, you must make a decision uh whether you're going to go all the way with God or not. Amen. All right. Uh it this is not a time where you can straddle the fence. Amen. This is not a time wherein that God would allow certain things to continue in your life without judgment. Amen. Amen. There's a time when God would uh almost let you go in a sense uh because of he's trying to teach you. He's trying to mature you. He's trying to bring you to a level of maturity. But right now, remember now, now this is not even the age of Lot in that sense. But God even told them not to look behind, not to look back. And you know, the prophet of God says she heard, Miss Lot heard the cries of her grandchildren. Think about it. So she had a justifiable reason to turn, but God told her not to. And when she looked back, judgment struck her. And so I'm saying there is not even a justifiable reason. Amen. To turn back now. Amen. Because you and I are living in a crucial age. We're living in a dangerous age. And I believe with all my heart only those who will give their life away will find it. Amen. Amen. Matthew 16. We taught this in the Sunday school this morning. For those of you who have young children, we start at 8:30. Uh you're more than welcome to bring them. uh as long as they can understand and read, you can bring them. Amen. So, by the grace of God, this is what we're working with. We had a good little time this morning. St. Matthew 16:25, we used a scripture. Brother Benham taught this message, uh the teaching on Moses, and that's what we were working with this morning. But I thought that scripture was so good and in line with what I wanted to minister this morning. So, we're going to read this again. St. Matthew 16:25. Let's read by the grace of God the 24th verse and the 25th. Then said Jesus unto his disciples, if any man will come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me. Let us read the 25th verse together. For whosoever will save his life shall lose it, and whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it. Is that all right? Let us go to Colossians, please. I believe that the time is so short, it is so near. Amen. That uh uh some of us are feeling it and some of us are not. Uh for those of us uh I was telling the uh little Sunday school this morning, you you might not believe in crying out, but I personally believe that's the only way God's going to hear you. Amen. Cuz sometime we pray and we don't even pray in sincerity. We just pray because we feel like it's an obligation and it's the right thing to do. We feel guilty sometimes for not getting on our knees because we know that's what we should do. But that's not the kind of prayer God hears. God hears sincere prayer. God hears the kind of prayer that's in desperation. Uh uh but anyway, let us read the scripture and then we'll go right on with the word. Colossians 1 uh beginning at the 26th verse. We'll we'll end at the 28th. Even a mystery would have been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints. To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of his mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory. Let us pray. Father God, we come before you, Lord, as humbly as we know how. We thank you for being so good to us. And we thank you for being real to us, Lord. We pray that you would just minister to us this morning. Break and destroy every yoke of the enemy, Lord, as we commit this service into your hands. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. We like to entitle this message united with him. If we had uh little food we would put uh uh as uh a higher calling. A higher calling. Now we realize amen as we said earlier I don't know how much God can do in order to uh or what he can do in order to convince people that we are actually living in the last days. We have had more uh catastrophic things happen in our age than any age. Uh we can read about Pompei and we can read about uh uh uh the various cities that went down like Capernium and we think to ourselves what were they thinking here? nature was giving them warning of all kinds of sort and yet they refused to get right. You think about how even in America we have had in our time period more and greater things in our age done than written in the word the New Testament. We had great signs and wonders and miracles 50s in the 60s 40s wigworth and Bossworth and all of these others that are gone on and not even to dismiss the fact that we even had a prophet by the name of William Brandham that God came and he did miraculous things but God wasn't showing off the reason Why God came was to gather his arm. He shook America. He shook the world from one end to the other. And yet in still everything seems to go worse. Well, it's because the Bible said that it would. Amen. The Bible said that evil seduces your wax worse and worse. You have heard me say many times that God will not even judge the world until he first judged the church. Once the church is judged and it's found guilty, God gives space for it to repent. Remember, even God gave Jezebel space to repent. But she wouldn't repent. We find out that even in this what we call message, people just can't seem to find space to repent. Lord, they'll shout, they'll dance, they'll speak in tongues, they'll say, "Hallelujah. Amen, brother." And then they'll walk right out from under the presence of God back into their own lives and their own ideas of things. Amen. And there's only one problem. The Holy Ghost, they say they have, they just don't have it. Amen. Oh yes, they may have it on the flesh. They may have it on the spirit, but the soul have not been converted. Amen. Even the scripture finding a few disciples, Amen. that were uh there in in in followed. I believe it was John in 19th chapter of uh Acts. I think that question was asked um in the second verse when Paul having passed through the upper coast and he uh came to the Ephesus and find he said finding certain disciples he said unto them have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? They had a good answer. They said unto him, "We have not so much as heard, whether there be a Holy Ghost." Well, that was a good answer. Not like they had heard and was rejecting it, but they heard it, never heard it, and so therefore, they had place to receive. Amen. Amen. What about those of us who have heard? Yeah. Amen. And as our brother said last week, there are so many people in this message who have a Baptist theology who believe that once I believe the message, I've got it. Well, I want you to know there's one that's greater in that sense than you. And that's the devil. Amen. The devil believes, but he ain't got it. Amen. The Bible says he trembles. That's right. Amen. He knows it's right. He believes it's right. But there is no space in his heart for conversion. Amen. Amen. Now, I want to say this by the grace of God because I realize that we can go on for years in this message because it's so glorious. The revelation of it is so stimulating. It'll cause you to jump, shout, smile, sneak, and st run up and down the aisle. And guess what? You're still going to have it. Amen. As long as your desires is of the world. Yeah. Amen. Come on, somebody. That's right. It ain't there. And we find out why. Because you've got to understand that when you receive the sealing of the Holy Ghost, your old nature dies. Amen. Literally dies. Amen. And from that point on, it is Christ in you. Amen. If there is a struggle in you between the two natures, you're like Jacob. Amen. You haven't received your new walk yet. Amen. Come on. You're still wrestling with the angels. And let me say it like this. You better not let him go till he bless you. Amen. Still wrestling with your old nature. You know, it was it was said many times which one would do right is the one you feed the most. Amen. Now, brother Adam was working amen with two different things. If your soul has been converted, you want to make sure it's fed. Your flesh ain't changing. Yeah. Amen. There is a nature to your flesh. Amen. Your flesh hate the word. Oh, you don't believe that, do you? But it does. Your flesh don't want to praise him. Your flesh don't want to thank him. Your flesh don't want to pray to him. Your flesh don't want to do nothing. Amen. The flesh don't even like you saying hallelujah. Amen. Amen. It resists the will of God every day, all day. Amen. Oh Lord. But when that soul is converted, Paul said, "Kill him. Kill him every day. You got to die every day." Well, I got the Holy Ghost yesterday. Well, you better apply the token today. Amen. You better put up a sign. Amen. That the devil can read. No trespasses. Amen. Amen. Amen. Warning. Yes, sir. Praise God. This property is protected. Hallelujah. If you cross the line, I am not responsible. Hallelujah. For what's about to happen. Amen. Amen. So we realize by the grace of God that when we come to understanding, amen, that they're all meant, and that's what we don't realize. We don't see that there's really a dying out. And as long as you are in this body, you're going to have battles. Y'all hear what I'm saying? But you but you win the battles because Paul said, "We are more than conquerors through Christ. Hallelujah. Oh, when we we talk about being united and that is the situation that we're working with. Now, this is why we don't see all of the great things in this message around us that we should. I I'm going to stop saying just a message. I'm going to say around here because this little group, we have enough people in here to see God move in such a powerful way. But let me say it like this. It is because of your own lives. Because of our own lives that God can't move, right? We're not going to judge somebody else's church. We're going to judge this one. Amen. We're going to look at what God is doing here and the potential that God has in here. Amen. To do a miraculous thing. Hello, somebody. And you and I are the only hindrances. It ain't the devil. No, no, no. It ain't the devil. The devil don't have nothing to do with this. Amen. It's about you and I submitting to God and and and being uh able and willing to do all the scriptures has declared of us. Amen. Oh, Amen. But I'm going tell you, there's a mystery behind this. And that that thing, and I forgot which brother preached it, but I've been saying it ever since. There's a difference between being saved and redeemed. Amen. There's a lot of people that's going to come up saved. But there's only a few in this age that's been redeemed. Amen. Amen. Amen. Redeemer means I came from God. I go back to God. Hallelujah. But being saved is like picking up somebody who gave you a drink of water in the name of the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Come on, somebody. Amen. Amen. And God rewards them for being good to you and me. Amen. All right. So when you look at this thing, it ain't I'm working with the redeemed right now. Amen. You are blessed. Amen. First of all, you hear you have heard the message of the hour. Now God didn't make no mistake. Now God hasn't made a mistake. He never will and he never can. Now my point is if God has called you, you have you are a candidate for the rapture. Amen. You are a candidate for the rap for the rapture. And it is only you. You you you the only one that can hinder it. You being raptured. Amen. Because the five wise and foolish heard the same cry. One was dormatory. One was about their own business. The other one was about the father's business. Amen. You have not been called to this message to how can I say it? To be so successful in this world. You have been called this message only to prepare yourself to be raptured. Amen. Amen. That is your highest calling. That ought to be your highest priority. Christ. Amen. God. Let me move on. Now, the Bible tell us, we read that if you lose your life, you'll find it. If you try to save it, you're going to lose it. Amen. Huh? Come on, somebody. I don't want to live like that right now. I want to be Christian, but if you save it, you lose it. Amen. Like I was taught this morning, I said, "Here it was." Let me ask you a question. God gives Enra and Yet a child at a time when Egypt is killing all male children. All and God has promised them a child. And we find out the Bible said when when this baby was born, it was a bad average. He was a good-looking baby. Now, you got to understand when a baby is good-look at birth, that means they're going to be good-looking afterwards, right? Amen. And this baby was really a good-look baby. And now I am this and that. Amen. They they they they they got to hide this baby. I love it. And now because you know they know that if Pharaoh or those old um maids would find out that they got a child that they would kill it. Now understand this. They weren't just throwing the babies out into the Nile, which they did to some, and the crocodiles would eat them. But there was some of those midwives that were so wicked they would literally take the babies from the womb and smash their head against the wall. So there was jeopardy. It was a time, Amen. that uh you it should have put fear. Amen. In uh uh uh Abraham and Joseph uh Yoshaphat, but I always get her name mixed up. Anyway, she did not fear the king. Amen. Lord has orders. She had prayed and this is what I said. Israel would have never been delivered even though the word said that there will come a a rescue, a deliverer after 400 years. But you know what? They had to get in desperation. You know what I'm saying? And you'll never get where you desire to be in Christ until you get desperate. And when you get desperate, nothing else matter. Hallelujah. You become so focused on what you're trying to achieve and what you want from God, you could care about nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Job, children, family, money, nothing matters to you. But I've got to reach God in this way. Amen. Because I need his help. And that's the way uh uh uh uh it was with Amram and his wife. Amen. They got so desperate. Lord, look how they doing us. They treat us this way. Oh God, you promise. See, they saw a promise. Amen. Lord, you promise a deliverer. You deliver. Amen. Crying out day and night. Amen. And then God come down and says, "Listen, I've chosen you. You'll bring forth the deliverer." Amen. Hallelujah. So when God brings you a promise and that promise come to pass, you don't care what nobody else says. All is well. Amen. All is well. And that's what happening and they cried out. So when the baby came, they weren't fearing. But think about it. They wanted to keep them safe until they could hear another word from God. And I can see it. Amen. The baby come and I love the way brother said. He said that baby went to cry. I had little Jonathan laughing in that one. Amen. Crying out, "Amen." You know, and here, you know, the soldiers walk by all of a sudden the baby go. Oh my goodness. And what happened? They would run and hide the baby and stuff like that. And then and they never the one thing about the devil, he just don't know how to look up. And then right above his head was a basket hiding the baby. But you know what happened? God shared with him. says, "Now you give him up, I give him back to you." See, that's the same. Is that right? Amen. That's the same life. That's how when Samuel was born. Is that right? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. She gave him back to God. But let me put Let me go on with this. That's how it is with your life. People think, well, if I come become a real Christian, I'm giving up everything. Yes. But my God, look what you're getting in return. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Look what you I've got I'm working on a message right now. In time. In time. I might meet preach that tonight. I'm not sure. In time. Don't you know everything in time ceases. In time. Everything in time ceases. Amen. You was born in this world, but you're going to leave this world. Your time will cease. Your time will stop. We call that death. Amen. Hallelujah. But if it's in eternity, there's no stopping it. There's no end to it because there's no beginning. Amen. So God is saying in time, if you give me your time now, I give you eternity. Amen. Amen. Amen. I give you eternity. That's all you need to do. Amen. I give you eternity if you give me your time. So we find out by the grace of God that's all they were doing. I gave up the child and I can almost see as a mother would. She was a good mother. I don't know how I got in this but here I am. Anyway, she comes along and and we find out guess what? God worked it out. Is that right? Whenever you seek God, God will work it out. Amen. And I loved it. Here it was. A lamb's and yet. Amen. Baby Moses was not being raised by his real mama. Y'all hear what I'm saying? You don't want to believe I'm saying right now we may have been given over and some of us was raised in Egypt. Hallelujah. But right now, we're being fed by a real mama. Amen. Hallelujah. Let me put it this way. This mystery is so great. This is what Paul is saying. Even the mystery which had been hid from the ages and from generations. So I'm going to tell you a little about the mystery. Here was God decided to make a man in his own image. Right? Amen. But before he made man, there was all kinds of beasts and animals, male and female. But here was Adam who represented God with a shell on him with a mask, a housing, however you want to put it. But it was like when you saw Adam, you saw God. Amen. Because he's made Adam to rule over all the earthly things. Amen. But there was a mystery hidden in in Adam. In Adam was a filthy spirit. She was to be called Adam, too. Yes. Amen. Right. Hallelujah. When she was Let me back up. So, nobody knew what was in Adam cuz nobody knew what was in God. Amen. I don't even believe the servants, the child, and all of the creatures of heaven understood what God was all about because now God is unfolding himself in a way that he's never done before. We don't know how long they had been inh heaven, but we find out to men that God was doing something because here Alan stands alone and God's telling his story. I was alone and all of these attributes I had. I was able to create everything, but there is something still lacking. It's not good for Adam to be alone. Amen. Amen. But I want to show you a mystery here. Come on, somebody. Amen. There was one time when hell was being fallen out of the dust of the earth. The Bible said God breathed into the breath of life. Amen. I want you to understand that that light was the fire of God. Amen. Amen. Yes, it was. But here's the mystery. Adam now stood as a lamb, but he also had a feminine spirit in him. Amen. Yes. And God wanted to take Eve, we say Eve so we can understand, out of Adam, right? What did God do? God could have spoke the word and said, "Let it be." But God operated. He was the first surgeon. Don't tell me he wasn't. If he didn't operate, he wouldn't have put him to sleep. Hallelujah. Why did he put him to sleep? Because up to that point, Adam would have never known what pain was. Amen. If God had done it before his son, he might have been painful. So God put him to sleep. And Adam was the first and only man that had a room. God gave Adam a temporary room. Open it up. Pull it out. Come on, somebody. and sealed it back up. Glory. So, not only was Eve his wife, but Adam was the mother of Eve. Amen. Come on, somebody. You say that can't be. Why did God said leave your mother and your father and plead to each other? Because God was the mother of Adam and father of Adam. Come on, somebody. Amen. So Eve came from Adam and she went back to Adam. Come on somebody. And then the connection could not. Why was God doing this? God showed that there would be a breach. Yes. Amen. Between Adam and Eve. But he also showed it was almost like prophecy. He showed that between because of Adam and Eve. This is what I'm going to do to restore Amen. myself or to bring back the relationship that we had from the beginning. Oh Lord. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Amen. Because we we got to recognize. Amen. That is why God showed the difference between the sons, the one that came from Adam and the one that came from the serpent. Come on, somebody. This is why you say, "Oh, Eve says, I I got a man child from the Lord." Because she said it didn't make it right. But let me put it this way. Everything that comes comes from the Lord. Yeah. Amen. Hallelujah. Why didn't she say it came from Adam? Amen. Because when it came to Seth, she didn't say that God got a man child from the Lord. She said, "God has appointed me another seat." Amen. Amen. Come on, somebody. Why? She was tying that seed to her husband's seed. Oh, come on, somebody. Amen. Hallelujah. So, you got to realize by the grace of God, God was so we would understand the battle before. In order to understand what's happening here, Satan or Lucifer said, "I'm going to exalt myself above the thrones of God and I am going to cause the stars of God to worship." You understand, right? And we preach here before, amen, that Lucifer never said with his mouth, the Bible say, "You have said in your heart that you're going to do these things." Amen. Right? So in his heart, God caught the iniquity in his heart and cast him out. He saw a great man made a mistake when he said twothirds of the angels fell. No, sir. He did not. Amen. There's a third in the beginning, which was the alpha, and there's a third in the end, which is the Omega. Amen. This is what we're seeing now. Angels falling. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, come on, somebody. So, he shows the difference that through this battle, you can't fight yourself. So, you got to have an opponent. Amen. So God allowed Lucifer to come in this uh dimension, a dimension by way of Cain to show the battle that took four place in heaven. Amen. But God had already showed how he was going to restore Eve. Amen. How did he restore Eve? By Adam coming down and impregnating her. Glory. Amen. Hallelujah. He saved her by planting his seed. Oh Lord, that's how God saved you. Amen. He saved you by impanting his seed in you. Come on. And you and I be calling the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. Come on, somebody. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] This is the mystery. And let me say it like this. It amazed me always when I read that scripture when Adam and Eve, they're blaming everybody but themselves. And even Adam, now listen. Adam says to God, "The woman you gave me, he he's saying to God, because Adam didn't deceive now, the Bible said he willfully did it." But instead of saying, "Lord, I'm guilty. I willfully did it." He blamed God for what he did. Now, you got to understand, Adam understood that God was in full control. God. Adam understood that God was not ignorant and he knew what was going to happen. Amen. See, Adam wasn't he wasn't blind to his statement. He knew he may not have fully I don't know how much understanding, but you got to understand up to the point of his failures, Adam was in this theophony. Hallelujah. Amen. That's why he couldn't sin. He sinned willfully. He wasn't shrink into it. He understood. And the prophet of God said, "You know all things." Amen. Didn't he say that? Not only that, the scripture said to his disciples, "You know all things." How you going to know all things? Amen. Because in your word body, you know. Amen. That's right. Let me move on. I'm I'm I'm just so I'm looking at this and I'm saying, "But united with him." That's how Let me put it this way. The eagle or the eaglet was born an eagle. Birth an eagle. Hello. Now when you got the when you are born again of the Holy Ghost, you are born an eagle. Amen. Amen. You never understand the cry until that seed is quickened. Amen. A dead seed is a dead seed. A dormant seed is a dormant seed. Amen. But when you hear the evil cry Something quickens that. Hallelujah. Oh, come on, somebody. Now you're on your journey. The Bible says, "When we preach and warn every man and teaching every man in all wisdom that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus." Amen. You know what also is in the Hebrew when it says that God took Adam or took Eve out of Adam, it says he brought her from the fire of God. God reached down. I ain't talking about the flesh part, but there see God is fire the Lord. And all God did were like he did on the day of Pentecost. He took one pill of fire and divided it. Amen. Hallelujah. He didn't take another fire. You see what I'm saying? As it started, it must end. If he brought Eve from the fire, he must bring her back to the fire. Amen. That's why John said that God will baptize you with the Holy Ghost and fire. Amen. Amen. You were fire in the in the beginning. You must be fire in the end. Hallelujah. Now you say, "Well, I'm not brother." Listen, as I said, you got cosmic light in you, and that ain't nothing but fire. Amen. But it's a different kind of fire. Y'all hear what I'm saying? God want the Holy Ghost and fire on the inside of you. Amen. Now, you say, "What do you mean?" Let's move on. See, there's only one way to be a Christian. And the word Christian means Christike. And you can't do it. You can't work it it in yourself. There's no way at at all you can do it. You have to forget yourself. Die out to yourself and let Christ come in and live the life of Christ in you. Amen. And by way of experience, let me tell you something. When you get desperate enough and you start crying out to God, you know what God does? He first send that fire to purge everything out of you. Amen. And you what you do? The fire of God comes in and is cleansing you and every sin, every secret sin, every thing comes up in your memory and you have to say yes Lord, take it. Yes. Yes, Lord. Deliver me. Yes, Lord. That's it. See, the Holy Ghost come in like the Bible say like a sword. It divides the the marrow of the bone. It comes right into the history of your life and it pulls up everything that you've got to get rid of. Yes. And you can tell God yes or you can tell him no. Amen. But in that process, he's literally sanctifying you and cleansing you from all those wicked things. And when he finish cleansing you and then he'll send you an assurance of the Holy Ghost and you'll know it. Amen. Amen. When the change come you know it something happens on the inside that you cannot even explain. Amen. And you are you get up like a strong man. Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Is that right? So Eve comes out of the womb of Adam. You know we we never looked at it like that before, have we? But that's the truth cuz that's where we come from God. Huh? Oh my. You look at that thing. It's It's powerful to me. Now listen, people say, and it's nothing wrong with being crazy when it's dealing with God. Amen. Right. Oh, come on, somebody. It's the truth. When you and I was out in the world, some of us, some of us, they forgot we were out there. But when we were out there, we were out there. Amen. And we did such crazy stuff. Oh, I was just outright buffoon. Amen. And I'll be honest with you, I'll be out there and I whatever would come to mind, I'd do it. Cuz I was a clown. I was the one that brought the laughter. Yeah. He's delivered me now. You hadn't heard me do a lot of that in a long time, right? God has delivered me. Why? because it was just part of my nature to cut up some. But when it comes, amen, to to to this thing, God comes along and and says, "Listen, it's all right. It's okay to be crazy." I was telling somebody the other day, I'm willing to do whatever God wants me to do right now. Amen. I do whatever Ezekiel, he said, Lord, lay on your side. That's what I'll do. Whatever he wants me to do, that's where I'm at. So, I'm looking at this thing. I'm saying, listen, it's all right to be crazy. How many of y'all have seen people in the corner preaching on the corner and you you know right the only way you can do that is that you got to become crazy for Lord for the Lord. Amen. You would your pride will not allow you to do that. Oh it ain't going to do it. And you know what you ride by those people you say Lord bless. And we ought to be saying Lord bless you. Why? Because that individual has gotten so in love with Christ. That's all they're thinking about. Amen. It's their walk. It's their talk. It's their life. That's all it is. You say, "What do you mean to be united?" I'm talking about to be united. Huh? Amen. I'm talking about being united so much with God, you don't live anymore. Amen. Amen. You said, "How can that be possible?" Just like it was in the beginning, all you saw was Adam even though Eve was there. Amen. Come on, somebody. You saw Adam. You didn't know Eve was there. Preacher, brother. And that's why God is saying, "I want it to be so that all people can see is me and not you." That was the beginning and that must be the end. Hallelujah. Amen. You can't do this, but the Holy Ghost can. That's all I'm saying. If I'm laying a burden on you, wonderful. Get it off your shoulders by praying. Hallelujah. And seeking God says, "Lord, this is the way I want to be." Amen. God's the only kind that'll make a rapture. That's right. Amen. It's the only kind. You want your life in God's life, too. It can't be. Because I'm going tell you something. Without Pentecost, without the baptism of the Holy Ghost or the sealing of the Holy Ghost, however you want to say it, you'll go back to fishing like Peter did. Amen. Amen. with all the miracles, with all the signs and wonders they saw in their life, they did not have the power to go on. And when they thought he was dead, they went back to their old occupation. And that's exactly what we do. When you think and thought you had the Holy Ghost and you coming up short, what happens? You go back to doing what you was doing before you started. Amen. Hello. Yes, sir. That's exactly what we do. But when Peter got the Holy Ghost, there was a major change in it. Hallelujah. There was such a major change in when he went down to the gate of beautiful and he saw a man be sealed. And he said, "Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have give thee." He had something folks before he didn't have it. You said, "What do you mean?" Jesus breathed on them. Yes. Amen. When Jesus breathed on them, you know he's receive you the Holy Ghost. What was he doing? He was showing I'm the same God. Amen. That breathe in Adam's nostrils. Hallelujah. I'm the same God I am. By the way, Paul picked it up. Call him the second Adam. Hallelujah. Amen. He breathe. He was breeding to him. Oh, come on, somebody. He stood there in the world. Hallelujah. And he said to the world, "If you are lost, you would ask me for drink." Come on. Is that the truth? That's what happened there in the garden in the wilderness. He said, "I am that rock." Hallelujah. And while the same rock, hallelujah, is standing at the well and said, "I am the water from that rock." And if you ask, I'll give it to you. Glory to God. That's where it was going. If there be enemy, if any man thirst, let him come and get drink of me. I am the same. I said I water in that day. I'm still doing the same. He said, but listen, it doesn't just I put the water in. Hallelujah. So that out of no sh I live in you and you'll never thirst again. Amen. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Glory. Hallelujah. United with him. If you feel still thirsting, what are you thirsting for? Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. Amen. Now listen what happens. God don't want just Christians. We got a lot of Christians like we got potato chips. A lot of Christians. Amen. But God wants people that are very they want people like him. Amen. My goodness. You go to an apple tree and it's a and it's a what they call a ruby red apple. Come on. You're not going to find no other apple in that tree. You're not going to find a gay, you're not going to find unless they done grafted it in. But coming from the original root of the tree, all that's coming up on that tree will be ruby red. Amen. That's how God is. His tree. He is the tree of life. Hallelujah. Oh, you got to realize he's the tree of life. And here he stood there in the garden. Come on, somebody. And what happened was when Adam sinned, the Holy Ghost had to depart. Yes. Yes, sir. That's why the Holy Ghost had to come back. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The very title deed. The one that gives you authority. Hallelujah. Haven't lost his authority. But Jesus said after which the Holy Ghost has come upon you, you shall receive power. And that power means authority. Hallelujah. The very thing Adam lost, the second Adam was given back to you. The first Adam was a ugly man. What does he say? I'm fire. I'm God and he is life. He said it. I am the life. That's why when Jesus walked around, he was what? The tree of life. Amen. That's what he said. Amen. Amen. He said, "I am the life." I am the truth. I am the way. Amen. Is that right? How could he say that when the tree of life, listen, what was happening here is that if Adam and Eve had touched and eat up that tree, they would have continued to live in such a bad state. They were always still sons and daughters. Come on. Amen. But God wanted them to come back to a holiness. Yes. Amen. Holiness. Amen. Everybody all right? Amen. So when we look at this thing, we say, "What do you mean?" Listen, I'm just trying to tell us something here. A lot of us believe that, oh, because we just believe this message, it's all finished. It ain't finished. It's not finished till you totally sealed and you know that you're sealed. It is the sealing of God that puts you in a place of safety. It ain't your religion. It ain't how much you pay your tithe. How much you listen to the message is how much like I like the Bible says, "Oh, I'm in the message." That ain't the question. Is the message in you. Amen. Right. Because the Paul said, we are living epistles written and led by all men. Hallelujah. You become the word and the word become you and you're living it. Yes. Living it. Hallelujah. Amen. Right. And the unconditional covenant. He said, "That's right. People say the people are crazy. The reason they are, they haven't got the mind of the world anymore. They got the mind of Christ. Christ in you, the hope of glory. Your secure anchored away. He that heareth my word believeth on him that sent me having everlasting life. When right now, and shall not come into condemnation, but is passed from death to life. Is that right? Now he's passed from death to life. You know what I heard the father of God say the other day? He said, "If you don't live it, you don't believe it." Amen. That's the truth. Come on. If you don't live it, you don't believe it. You hear it, but you don't believe it. Amen. Oh my good times. He said, "Listen, God seen what the end would be from the beginning. And the Lord has come to the earth which was Christ the word spoken word of God put part of God part of God and is made flesh and dwelleth among us. And they when we and and then when we come out of Christ which makes the same life that was in God. Now now I don't mean no harm. You don't mean to tell me that God can control everything with his life. Amen. He took Jesus, put his life in him. He was God the fullness of the Godhead bodily walking in a man and he had control over everything. And now God put the same life in you and you don't have control. Something ain't right. Sounds like an impostor somewhere. Amen. And that's really when you receive the sealing of the Holy Ghost, you actually receive perfect faith. Amen. Amen. Amen. Because it's no longer your faith, it's his. Praise the Lord. Amen. And you got to die out to your own fears, your own reasoning. Come on, somebody. So that perfect faith can live its fullest potential. Amen. Amen. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Am I making sense? Listen, I'm not You know what I'm what I'm trying to do? I'm trying to encourage everybody, but I'm also saying I'm I'm looking I'm telling these things so you can look deep inside of yourself and says, God, is it real? Amen. Do I have it? Am I a hypocrite? Is it real? You know, if I'm I'm not living the full potential, God, help me. If I can just by this message set in a desperation in your soul, then I the Lord has accomplished what he wants. Amen. That's good. Hallelujah. Because we realize that only desperation going to get you out of here. Amen. Hallelujah. Y'all hear what I'm saying? Amen. So what he said, he said that part the part of God was made flesh and dwelt among us and then we come we come out of Christ which makes the same life that was in God in Christ in you. And just as sure as God raised this up, we've got to come with the same thing. Amen. He said we got to come with the same thing. Amen. If the same spirits in us because it's the spirit of God making us sons and daughters of God. Amen. Yes. Hey, doesn't it make you jealous to see what Moses and Joshua and some of the others in the Old Testament did? And they were just under the blood of bulls and goats and and things of that nature. And yet here there was God with them. But we supposed to have God in us. Amen. Amen. You mean to tell me the God that's with you is greater than the God that's in you? Oh, no. No, no, no. Why? Because the God is that that's with you walks with you, talks with you. But the God in you is you. Amen. Huh? That's why I said you got to die daily. Daily. Who if you give the flesh life, it's going to live it. Amen. Amen. Y'all hear what I'm saying? If you It's like a dog that's been chained up. I don't care how much that dog love you. Y'all remember what I'm talking about? You had a dog that hadn't changed up for a long time. You never lose him. He's gone. That's right. Out the yard. He's down the road. Down. You want to come back? Come back. That dog says now I'm experience freedom right here. Liberty. I ain't coming like that. Is that it? That's just how the flesh is. Amen. That's just how the flesh. You let him off the chain. He going to run. And you know sometime they don't come back and take two, three days before they show back up. Oh my god. Y'all know it's the truth. Yeah, it's the truth. And that's how your flesh is. Amen. You let him off the chain, he's going to do, he going to go rampant and he's going to do whatever he wants to do until he gets tired. And understand the flesh, the flesh, nothing satisfies the flesh. I don't care what it is, it never satisfy. Y'all know what I'm talking about? Amen. Well, one of the worst things you can do is dream of something. Let's say fried chicken and you thinking about Popeyes. Well, it's going to be good today. And you go to Popeye's and you get the worst parts of the chicken. It ain't good. They season it the same way. They fried it the same way. But whatever it is that's going on in the daytime, it ain't tasting just like you dreamed it. Come on, somebody. Y'all know that's the truth. That's exactly what with the flesh. It'll get you in trouble. And I'm going tell you something. The taste of what sin is never as good as you thought it was going to be. Amen. Never. You leave out disappointed every time. Amen. You know what? Let me put this way. Just give me church. I like to dance. Glory. I like to praise God. You can be that. Hallelujah. That's where my joy comes from. Amen. Amen. I might get carried away. Hallelujah. Amen. Cuz one day I'm going to get carried away. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Is that all right? Now I look at those things and I'm not going to be long. I try not to be too much longer, brother. We look at this thing. What brother? I'm talking about united. Listen, I'm going to say it like this. It's every one of our respons. You as an individual is your responsibility to come up the ladder. Amen. Ain't nobody climbing it for you. You got to climb it yourself. All right. Amen. That's between you and God. And in Peter, it says, "Add to your faith, virtue, knowledge, temples all the way up." Amen. To brotherly kind of been capped off with the with with uh the uh charity. I can't take you there. Brother couldn't take you there. He said, "Follow those bloody footprints." Amen. Y'all hear what I'm saying? And what is it? What was the bloody footprints taking you to? Taking you where? Calvary. Amen. You got to die. I don't care. Amen. How much you in love with yourself, you got to die. Amen. Amen. You got to die. You got to give it up. Every bit, every speck. That's why the father of God said, "If a speck of the world is in you, the love of God is not." And I tell you what, that's what I've been saying. Lord God, don't leave a speck. Don't leave nothing. Hallelujah. Let me circumcise. Cut off. Listen, don't you understand? This message is the only message that can tell us what leveling is. Yeah. Amen. There ain't nobody out there in the organization that know what leveling is. Amen. Everything that everything is preached to them. It has amen. Good or evil. Hallelujah. But this message is without. Amen. And it tells you got to go out of your house. Amen. Lovely. None of the world can stay in remain with you. Amen. You say, "Oh, brother Brooks, I let me say it like this, and I'm going to say it just like God brought it to me. The Jesus that most people believed in is dead and rotten." I said, "God, how can you say that?" He said, just like I told him, the banner, don't keep it over. Amen. Amen. Don't keep the manner. Come on. Jesus said, "I am that bread that came down from heaven, but that same bread died and rotted." Yes, sir. Come on. Because they kept it over. But God is a progressive God. Well, my mom is this. My dad is God don't care about that. He talks about the daily bread. Give us this day our daily bread. You can't eat what they ate last year, year before then, or whatever age that was in. What was good for Luther was good for Luther and Wesley and all the rest of them. But we're living in a different day. Amen. Hallelujah. If you worshiping that Jesus is not even alive. Amen. That's why you see no results. Yep. But when you're worshiping the real one, the right one, you going to see the miracles. You going to see the signs. You going to see the wonders even in your own life. Amen. Amen. Is that right? Amen. That day you shall know that I am in the Father and the Father is in me. I am you. You and me. There's the the spirit coming out of God manifested as the Lord come down, made flesh, dwelt among us, right? He died, resurrected, taken on on on the penalty of sin, raised up again, sat on the matter still on high at the right hand of God. And the Holy Spirit comes back. Amen. Bringing in the same spirit in the individual more to bring them back to relationship. Amen. With their creator. Isn't that marvelous? Amen. The same Holy Spirit comes in. Amen. To bring you back to your creator. Amen. I love this. I love this because I'm going to tell you something just like brother Bham said it like this. He said, "What is it?" It's a laundry ticket from the same piece of paper. From the same spirit. And when you get the Holy Ghost, all you do is you bring Adam back to Adam. Hallelujah. All you do is you two God parts come back together. Now you won. Hello. Come on. That's what marriage is supposed to be like anyhow. Amen. You said, "I can't live without her." Why? Cuz Adam couldn't live without her. Hallelujah. And you are the perfect type of Adam and Eve. Come on. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Is that hard to understand? I love this. I love Hallelujah. Come on, somebody. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh my God. You look at this. It's a beautiful situation. It's a beautiful situation. Listen, give me a few more minutes. For by grace are you saved. Grace through faith and that not of yourself. I'm going to say something here. It is the gift of God. What's the gift of God? Grace. Yes. But faith is too because you can't have grace without faith or faith without grace. God gives you the faith it takes to overcome. Yes. Amen. Yes. Y'all hear what I'm saying? You cannot do it until God gives you the faith to do it. So you got to ask God, "Give me faith to die." Amen. Amen. That's it. Give me faith to die. Amen. To die to myself, to die to my will. Give me the grace, Lord. Give me understanding. Give me, show me how to come to this place. Amen. And God will show you. Because he's given you grace. That's why you ask him for it. Cuz he's given you grace to ask for it. And he said, "If you ask for anything in my name, believing that you're going to receive it." He said, "I'll give it to you." Amen. God can't ask you why you didn't overcome if he didn't make provisions for you to overcome. Amen. It's a gift of God, not at works, lest any man should boast. You know anybody that's overcome that can boast? Oh, you can't boast. Amen. Boast in what? Jesus Christ only. Amen. Hallelujah. those 24 hours when they saw the lamb take the brush. The Bible said they crew down their crown. They fell. Hallelujah. There was no boasting. No. Paul, Peter, James, John, none of them could b even though they the pillars of the church, they knew they overcome by the blood. Hallelujah. They understood. They came. They overcame by the blood and the water that testimony just like everybody else. Thank you, Lord. I tell you what, when you get the Holy Ghost and you sealed with the Holy Ghost, you can't boast. Yes, sir. Not a No, no, no, no, no, no. It was God's grace. Hallelujah. Amen. Look at those people who was under John the Baptist. Uh uh uh uh uh. You think they would have had something. John the Baptist kind of like typed out the bride anyway, right? Because he was he was born with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. Born with the seed of God. Come on, somebody. Amen. So are you. Amen. And uh you know, you look at this thing, what do you mean? The same fire that was in John is in Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. It took that same fire to give John uh insight to know in Jesus who Jesus was. That's true. Huh? So, you got something in you that let you know who Jesus is. You wouldn't be following this message if you didn't know who Jesus was. Amen. something new. That's the real Jesus. Amen. All right, let me move on. Amen. By grace you are saved through faith, not that of yourself. It is the gift of God. That's a powerful scripture. Not of works, lest any man should boast. For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus into good works, unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them. Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. You got to understand, you've been ordained to walk in this. Amen. So what happens? You can run like Jonah. And the next thing the next thing you'll be taking a trip. The next thing you know, you'll be taking a trip. Amen. Right. In the belly of a lamb. Cry out, "God, have mercy on me." That's all right. If it takes a Jonah's experience to get you to repent, praise God. Let so be. Let it be. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. See, God, if God done chose you to do a certain thing for him, he's not going to choose somebody else. You're it. Right. You're it. And he's going to do it. Amen. Regardless to what it takes, he's going to do it. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. The only thing about it, brother, he he rewards you after you do it. Is this okay? Amen. Now, therefore, we are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints of the household of God. Uh, right. When you came, I was born. I was even the the the the son of Isaiah and Clara Brooks. Oh, I was born also of an American citizen. I didn't have to do nothing. Amen. To become an American. I was born one. Amen. Hallelujah. So when you're born into heaven, oh my God, you don't have to do nothing cuz you're born there and you have all the rights of heaven because you're a citizen. Come on, somebody. Oh my God. If we could just see that and take our faith. When God showed me that, I said, "Oo yeah." And I got a checkbook that I I won't have to ever ever reorder. I'm not gonna run out of checks. Hallelujah. No matter how many times I write. Hallelujah. Amen. It's like the man the woman's meeting. Replace yourself. Amen. Oh, glory. That's how it is. And I don't care what it is. I'm going to tell you something. This is so true. God puts this thing so simple in our face. And I'm going to stop in just a moment. God put this thing so simply. I'm talking about being united people. until we see these things in action in our lives personally. Amen. Come on. Come on. Because you're the church. Amen. As an individual, you are the church. Amen. We just churches coming together to make one church. But as an individual, you're the church. Amen. You're supposed to have worship going on in you all the time. Praise is going on in you all the time. Deliverances, healings wherever you go. You're the light of the world. And you're supposed to make a difference wherever you go. Let's end up on this one. Ephesians 3. Let's turn there. We're going to stop here. We finished this evening. Ephesians 3. Is this okay? Amen. It causes for desperation. Brother Balon preached a token. Then he preached the then he preached desperation. And in the message desperation, he talked about token message. He said that was the the the highlight of his ministry. Why? Because now the life of God has come back in its fullness to do what? Gather a bride. Hallelujah. You know, brother, oh, I've got a quote somewhere. I have to do it this evening. Oh, but brother talks about being born again under this message. And that's where a lot of people has failed. They've come to it, but they haven't been born again. The Pentecostals had a bo a birth, but it was just not deep enough. It was in the spirit. Hallelujah. Amen. But in this message is the only message that can bring you a birth in the soul because it's the only one that takes you beyond the veil. It takes you beyond the veil. Pentecost stop at the holy place. But this message take you into the holies of holies. Hallelujah. Why? Because they stopped at the speaking in tongues and shouting and dancing and all that and they thought they had it but they failed to see that the master hadn't come yet. Hallelujah. Amen. And when the word came, come on. It's like, it's like what happened? Isaac sent and and sent all the gifts to Rebecca. What if she said, "Oh my god, these gifts are so wonderful. I love these gifts, gifts, gifts, gifts." And never went to find uh Isaac. Something wrong. Something wrong. That's what Pentecost did. They took all the gifts and they thought they had the person and they didn't. They just had the gifts from the person. Hallelujah. Amen. But the devil said, "I'm going to ride this cow. I'm going to ride this cow till I find the land who sent me the gifts." Amen. And when she saw him from a far off, the Bible say she jumped on. See, it's all right to jump. She jumped off. He said she lit off that camera and she didn't see she it wasn't really sad. He just took her right into his old mama's tent. Come on. When he took her into the mama's tent, you know, she was saying, "Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. I don't want no new kind. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough for me." Oh. Glory to God. She didn't want all of this fancy stuff. She just wanted simple and plain. Come on. Hallelujah. They got all kind of cakes and stuff now. But I remember one time in my day, my mama could, we weren't rich. We didn't have a lot of money. And you know what she do? Make us a cake. And you know what would be the topping of it? Jelly. That was the best cake. Hallelujah. Them little apple jelly cakes. Oh my goodness. They don't make them like that no more. Hallelujah. Yeah. Somebody must know what I'm talking about. But that's the way it used to be. Spread that old jelly. Oh my goodness. Amen. Give me that old time religion. They got all kind of cakes now. Back in the day, they didn't have but too many, right? You either had a chocolate or jelly, some some kind of cake. Let me move on. Anyway, Ephesians, please. three. We're going to start at the first verse. You love the Lord. Amen. For this cause I Paul the prison of Jesus Christ for you Gentiles. If ye have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which is given me to you would. How that by revelation he made known to me a mystery as I wrote a far in few words. Whereby when we read, you made understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ, which in all the ages was not made known unto the son of men, as it is in now, revealed unto the Holy Ghost, holy apostles and prophets by the spirit. Let me say it like this. You know, a lot of time we're doing stuff for God and we don't even realize what we're doing. Amen. Did you know that? I mean, look at Judah. Look at Judah. Judah couldn't keep his hand off the Canaanite women. He couldn't Let put it away. Judah couldn't keep his hand off the Gentiles. Amen. He had no idea he was typing out Christ. And then when God got ready to establish his own priesthood, he bypassed the Leviticus priesthood. And where does the lion of the tribe of Judah come from? Amen. Hallelujah. Where does the lion of the tribe of Judah come from? Hallelujah. Amen. Because Jesus himself got a gentile bride. My God. My God. Hallelujah. So you a lot of times we don't even recognize things that God is leading us to do. Amen. Because there's an action for every reaction. Amen. Every action brings a reaction. Thank you, Lord. And God be doing stuff. Is that right? Thereby, when you read, ye made understand my knowledge in the mystery of Christ, which in other angels was made was not made known unto the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto us, the holy apostles and prophets by the spirit, that the Gentiles should be for fellow hes and of the same body and partakers of promise of his promise in Christ by the gospel. Let me put it this way. Don't you understand that what you and I believe there are other people who are actually perverting it. There are people in there who saying I'm the Christ. There are people who saying I am God. There are people who are saying these kind of things and they are perverting the gospel. Amen. Right? They have no power. They have no credentials. They have nothing to vindicate that they are. But Jesus said, "You want to crucify me or persecute me because I call myself the son of God?" That's what Jesus said. He said, "But is it not written in your own law who the word of God comes to you? We our gods." He said, "Your old prophets call them gods." But they did not understand. They were not making themselves him. It was Elohim who was making them. Y'all hear what I'm saying? It was God. Amen. It was them who made them God. They were just men. Yes. But God told Moses, he said, "I'm going to send you down to Pharaoh and I'm going to make you God of Egypt." Amen. He was a man. But when God stepped on the man, Hallelujah. He was no longer a man. He was God. Hallelujah. Amen. Child help us, Lord. But you see what it is. It is to cause the name of Jesus to be reproached. It is the bring of persecution upon who? You. Why? Why would you say that? Because I'm going to tell you something down the road. When when Jesus came, before Jesus came, there were other Jesuses. There were other people who claimed they were the Messiah who ran people off into the wilderness and they died. Amen. You know what I'm saying? You take the person, Amen, who took those people down there in Guyana, had them drinking Kool-Aid things. Has never been the same since, right? Amen. Every time somebody raised up the devil say, "Oh, this got to be a cult. This got to be this." And the first thing they say, "You better make sure you're not drinking that Kool-Aid." Why? Because that was done to bring reproach upon the truth, to make people fear. Oh, prophet. Oh. Oh, prophet. We don't need no prophet. The Bible said one had one and and the only one we got now is Jesus Christ. He is, but he's hiding behind flesh. Yes. He's always hidden behind flesh. Amen. Listen, if my mom and dad was a cow, guess what I would be? That's all I'm saying. And if you're born of God, come on, somebody. What else could he bring for? Amen. That's a powerful thought, but it's true anyhow. Oh, I'm a son and daughter of God. Is that right? Is that right? Amen. Your mom and your daddy is God. Amen. Then why are you just a man? Because God made himself a man. Hallelujah. Many God became one. Hallelujah. That's when the Holy Ghost came and said, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased to dwell in." Is that right? Oh, think about the disciples when they began to heal and do miracles. the the the old people who was all superstitious said the gods have come down upon us. Hallelujah. You love the Lord. Um uh let's move on. I'm almost done with this. Amen. Which in other ages is made known unto the sons of men. That was the fifth verse. as it is not now now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the spirit that the Gentiles should be fellow heirs of the same body partakers of his promise in Christ by the gospel. Wherefore I was made a minister according to the gift of the grace of God given unto me by the effectual working of his power. unto me who am less than the least of all saints is that this grace given that I should preach among the Gentile the unsearchable riches of Christ and to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery which from the beginning of the world had been hidden in God who created all things by Jesus Christ the mystery was hidden from Adam all the way up hidden And it took Jesus Christ to unveil it. That's what we get. Amen. You talking about the unveiling of the word. Come on. When it is unveiled, that means you can see it. Hallelujah. What was hidden? Now I can see. Oh my goodness. And you say, "Well, what the Gentiles who were once called dogs are now God raised you up from being a dog to a prince." Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. And all it had to do was take the kiss of a prince. Hallelujah. Ain't God good? When you realize, Amen. That's why the that the devil Listen, I'm going to tell you, I'm I'm done. I'm going to close the book, but I want to say this one more thought. That's why the devil is doing everything he can to keep you from being desperate. He'll supply your needs, some of your wants. He'll keep you. See, that's the enemy of our age, the lukewarmness, having so much. He'll keep you. Oh, yeah. He'll give you substitutes to satisfy that thirst in you. He'll give you whatever you want to keep you from being desperate because he know if you get desperate, God has the answer. Hallelujah. Y'all hear what I'm saying? It's like a baby's cry. My my daddy just had a baby there with a couple of them. The one in in Columbus and he was crying on the phone. I said, "You know, there's a difference between a wet cry and a hunger cry." Mothers, y'all know the difference. Amen. That baby cry when he's wet, but when he's hungry, you can hear the desperation. There's a difference in the cry. He wants to be changed, but when he is hungry, there's a difference. Now good parents can tell the difference and sometime when they wet and hungry you get a double portion right there is a difference and that's how it is with God. He knows when you have a need by the way you cry. But he knows when you're hungry, he knows that cry is a difference. And he said, listen, if you hunger and thirst after righteousness, he said, you shall be filled. Amen. And no man can make him a liar. No, sir. Uh-uh. No man. And when you cry and longer for for God like you ought to, you going to be filled. You will be filled and you'll be sealed. Amen. I was telling somebody get to yourself somewhere, but you can get ugly if you want to. You ain't got to worry about it. Y'all hear what I'm saying? I'm telling y'all something y'all. Yeah, I'm telling you. You got to get to yourself. You say, "Oh, no. Jesus got to himself." Amen. And sometime you just got to get to yourself. Ain't Kevin's in your crowd car riding down the road. You got to get there and says, "God, you got to feel me. You got to you got to kill this nature in me." Amen. And some of us who don't know how to cry, you say, "God, help me. Help me." Cuz I'm going tell you, this world make people hard. Yes. And they don't know how to shed tears. They don't know how to really h down and break themselves. So, God, I don't even know how to do that. Help me. So, you got to ask for. You ask because you asked, you got to keep asking. And one thing for certain, when he sees you, there ain't nothing like it. You'll feel like a strong man. You know you're a strong man. You're not afraid of the devil no more. You understand your authority. You know where you stand. Amen. Come on, somebody. Let's stand. Let's stand. Hallelujah. Oh, Jesus. Bless you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Surely people, it's it's not hard. I I tell you, it's not it's not difficult as difficult as we think it really is. He's waiting on you. He's waiting on you. And it's more his desire to give you the Holy Ghost. Amen. Than it is your desire to have it. So he's waiting. You waiting on you. You say, "Well, I can't just get desperate on my own." You know how to ask for it. Amen. Desperation going to come to you one way or the other. Amen. Right. And and and and when you realize that if the rapture come in two, let's say if it came in 24 hours, I wonder what you do if you knew it was coming. See, something in you already done is telling you you ain't quite right. Right. I don't have to tell you to God. Don't have to preach it for the proof. Your conscience is already telling you. Amen. That you Yeah, I'm close, but I'm not there yet. See, that ain't going to work. You got to be there. Amen. And my thing is to this morning is to get you to examine yourself. You don't have to please me. I ain't nobody to please. It ain't about me. It's about you and God. Hallelujah. And and acting right and acting this way and acting that way. What what do have to do with it? It's you and God. Right? I mean, my my thing is this. If there is something in you that let me know I I'm just not where I want God. I look and see I'm supposed to be dead to myself and Christ is supposed to be living me like Paul says not I live but Christ gives me. I don't care how long you've been a Christian. I'm not saying you haven't been a Christian. I'm saying you haven't gone and crossed all the way over. That's what I'm talking about. You need to say God have mercy on me and show me how to cross all the way over. It's more than you in here that's having that problem because we we're so busy. We're too busy to get down on our knees and spend a couple of hours in prayer. Hours in prayer. However long it takes. However long it takes. I don't know how to pray that long. Come on. There is no skill in it. Amen. When you're desperate, you just get down and God will take over from there. You can get it in 10 minutes. You can get it in 15 minutes. You can get it in 5 minutes. You can get it in 5 seconds. It all depends where your heart is. How much you got to give up? How much do you have to give up? only you know I told one of my my daughters I said when you surrender all you'll get it all. Amen. Amen. I said the problem is with your life you've never surrendered all and you tried to fool God and you can't trick him. He knows when you're holding on to something. Amen. Come on. Yeah, that's right. And I don't care how much you weep and cry and say, "God, take it all, but yet you got a handful of something behind your back. God knows you got that handful." And he knows exactly what's in the hand. Y'all hear what I'm saying? You got to surrender all. All all. And you say, "Well, how do I know?" Cuz he I know. I'm talking from experience. He'll start showing you what you got to give up. Amen. Amen. people, places, and things, all your nouns. He will show you what to give up. You love God. Let us pray. If there be anyone that needs special prayer, you can come up. Father God, we come before you, Lord, surrendering. Let's just all raise our hands here. Father God, we come before you, Lord. We raise our hands Lord as to say we are empty vessel ready to be filled. We're saying father Lord God if there be anything in our lives empty us out that we might be filled. Father we realize that you're not going to occupy us Lord God until we willing willing to die in our soul that you might bring life to our soul. Oh God help us here this morning to surrender all to you Lord. Lord, I pray this morning if there be any father that are holding on to things of the world or whatever the case may be, you give them grace to release everything to do your care. Oh, Father God, we pray right now that you fuel them, Lord, with your Holy Spirit. We pray that you will seal them, Lord, each and every one of us. Lord, bring a mighty revival in this place. Cleanse out these vessels, Father God. Oh God, bring a real Pentecostal experience. Lord, not just in the spirit, but in the soul. Grant it right now, I pray in your lovely name, Jesus Christ, as we apply the token, believing and receiving it. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Yes, your life will be changing. And you'll see that by the grace of God, you'll be able to see it yourself and others will too. Amen.
