################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-15 - A Vessel of Honor  Bro. Lys Paul Lukuka  Wed 51425 - Lys Paul Lukuka Wed.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-15
Title:   A Vessel of Honor // Bro. Lys Paul Lukuka  Wed 5/14/25
Speaker: Lys Paul Lukuka Wed
Church:  Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vNTZbn86qQ
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. God bless you. Good to be house of the Lord. Amen. Trust you came to receive what the Lord has for us today. Amen. Praise the Lord. We just Amen. We're blessed to have a word. Amen. That God says that I'll never leave you nor forsake you. Amen. So we know he's here. Amen. We're two or three. We know he's here. Amen. That's two witnesses, brother. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's open with a little song. Amen. Blessed assurance. Jesus is mine. Amen. That's a quite an assurance that we have. Amen. [Music] Oh blessed [Music] asssurance Jesus is mine. Oh, what a for taste of gloryy divine. Oh air of salvation, purchase of God, born of his [Music] [Applause] spirit, washed in his blood. Amen. Oh, this is my story. [Music] This is my [Music] song. Oh, praising my savior all the day long. Just this is my [Music] story. This is my song. Praising my Savior all the day [Music] long. Oh, perfect submission, perfect delight. Visions of rapture now burst on my side. Oh angels [Music] descending bring from above. [Music] Echoes of mercy, whispers of love. Amen. Oh, this is my [Music] story. This is my [Music] song. Oh, praising my savior. all the day long. Oh, this is my [Music] story. This is my [Music] song. Praising my savior all the day long. Oh, perfect [Music] submission. All is at rest. I and my Savior am happy and blessed. Oh, watching and waiting. looking above, filled with his goodness, lost in his blood. This your story, man. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my [Music] savior all the day long. Oh, this is my story. This is my song. Praising my [Music] shior all the day long. Once again, amen. Oh, this is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior. all the day long. Oh, this is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day [Music] long. Amen. Hallelujah. Trust your story. Amen. All the day long. Praising our savior. Amen. I know brother Rich has been praising him today. I got two texts from him. Oh, praise the Lord. Amen. That praising our savior all day long. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. We can do it in our work. We can do it driving. We can do it everywhere we are. Amen. Praise his name. Hallelujah. Amen. doesn't doesn't require that every time we praise we have to get on our knees. No, we can you can have a Holy Ghost revival in your car. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing another little song. Amen. On the wings of a dove. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh had [Music] drifted on the flood. Many [Music] days he searched for [Music] land in various ways. [Music] troules he had some but not from above. God gave him a sign on the wings of a dove. on the wings of a snow white dove. God sent his pure sweet love aside from above. On the wings of a D. Once again, oh on the wings of a snow. Why does God send his pure sweet love aside from above on the wings of a dove? Amen. Oh Jesus our savior came to earth one [Music] [Applause] day. He was born in a stable in a manger of pain. So here he rejected but not from above. God gave us his [Music] son. On the wings of a dove. Amen. For on the wings of a snow white dove, God sends his pure sweet love aside from above on the wings of [Music] other. Amen. Though I have [Music] suffered in many ways I cried for healing. Both night and day. Faith wasn't [Music] forgotten. By the father [Music] above, he gave me his son. On the wings of a dove. Amen. On the wings of a snow. Why do God sends his pure sweet love a sign from above on the wings of a dove. Once again, amen. on the wings of a snow. Why? God sends his pure sweet aside from above on the wings of [Music] the Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. And I don't know if you know but that last verse. Amen. Brother Brandon kind of added that verse. Amen. Says though I have suffered for many away. I cried for healing. That was the the time that he had issues with his stomach almost his whole life. And God sent him a sign at the end. Amen. He was healed at the end and that sign was on the praise the Lord. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. He's mindful of all the all things. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's open with a word of prayer. Amen. Gracious heavenly father, we come to you Lord and humbly Father Lord. Thank you, Father Lord, for calling us here tonight, Father Lord. Your children, your sons, your daughters, Father Lord. We come here in faith, Lord, knowing that we're not going to leave here, Lord, the same that we came in. We're going to leave here victorious, Father. Lord, closer walk with you, Father. Lord, we thank you, Father, for your joy and your peace in our lives. Lord, we ask, Lord, tonight, Lord, that you forgive us of our shortcomings and our wrongs, Lord. May you continue to cleanse our hearts, cleanse our minds, Lord. Cleanse our Lord, whatever it is, Lord, that's just a blot on our lives, Lord. I pray Lord that you cleanse it Lord and make us whole Father Lord that you would be able to use us Lord for your glory for your honor that the life of Jesus Lord would be seen here on earth Father Lord that the people Lord might know Jesus by knowing us Lord Father Lord Father we only can do that Lord by your Holy Spirit Father Lord that you would guide us Lord we thank you Lord for those that are here tonight Lord to receive from you not here out of tradition Lord we're here your promise in your word that you be here with us, Father. Lord, that you never leave us nor forsake us, Father. Lord, Father, we believe it and we are standing on that promise, Father. Lord, tonight Lord, we know, Lord, the needs and the desires of our hearts, Lord, we all have loved ones, Father. Lord, may that may not be where they should be, Father, but Lord, we dedicated those loved ones to you, Father. Lord, we give them to you, Father. Lord, for in in ourselves, Father, we can't do much about it, Lord. Lord, we pray, Lord, but we put our trust in you, Father. Lord, that you know, Lord, that we love these children, love their families. And Lord, Father, you you know, Father, Lord, that you know that you love us, Lord. Father, we give you all praise. We give you all honor. We ask you bless, Lord, the service tonight, Lord, those that can make it, those that are still on their way, Father. Lord, may you anoint the minister, Lord, tonight, Lord, as he brings your word, Father. Lord, Lord, may he, Lord, just speak your word, Father. Lord, Lord, may Lord, things in our lives, Lord, be changed, Father. Lord, whatever it may be, Lord, whether it's financial, whether it's spiritual, Lord, whether it's, Lord, just physical, Father, Lord, you know all things, Father, give you all praise and honor, Lord. May you continue to build us, Lord, into the stature of a perfect man. Lord, we can only do that by your Holy Spirit in us building. Give you all honor and praise. We thank you, Lord, for the hands of faith that went up, Father. Lord, that believe your word, Lord. Father, they defied gravity by putting up their hands, Lord. Lord, to prove, Lord, that they believe, Father, Lord, your word, Lord, we ask that you bless them, Lord. Give them the desire of their heart. In the name of Jesus Christ, we ask this. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Everything, all things. Amen. In the name of Jesus, we've got the power. In the name of Jesus, we've got the power. In the name of the Lord, though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated cuz we've got the power in the name of the Lord. Say again. Amen. We've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Give me your hymn. Let's agree together that all of our eneies will crumble at our feet. For whatever we find on earth shall be bound in heaven at the name of Jesus. Satan has to flee. Amen. Oh, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Once again, amen. Oh, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power the name of the Lord. For many years now, Satan's tried to stop us. But the bride of Jesus, Lord, she's still alive. Oh, like a mighty army, we'll keep maring onward. winning every battle cuz the Lord's on our side. Oh, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Oh, Satan rages. We cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Once again, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Though Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Oh, praise him and praise him. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him as the sun goes down. I sing again. Amen. Oh, praise him. Let's praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the noon time. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him as the sun goes down. Oh, sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Oh, sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Oh, sometimes I feel like heaven comes down. Oh, heaven comes down on me. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him as the sun goes down. And let's love him. Love him. Oh, love him. Love him in the morning. Love him in the new time. Oh, love him. Oh, love him. Love him as the sun goes down. Amen. Oh, praise him. Glory. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him when the sun goes down. Let's praise him again. Amen. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him as the sun goes down. Let's love him. Amen. Oh, love him. Oh, love him. Love him in the morning. Love him in the time. Oh, love him. Oh, love him. Oh, love him as the sun goes down. Praise him one more time. Amen. Oh, praise him. Yes. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. So praise him as [Music] son. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. This just come on my heart to to say my uh wife and children I think bought this Apple watch when I was for Christmas. And I'm not very techy. So it's still a for me. But one thing that it does for me that I really like. So when I get too loud, it buzzes. Or it gets too loud in here, it buzzes. So I like it when I'm here and all of a sudden we're singing and it buzzes. I'm like, "Praise God." That's about the only thing time and it buzzes when I get loud. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. Let's sing him in this little song. Amen. Joy bells ringing in my heart, in my soul. Amen. Hallelujah. I trust you have those joy bells. Amen. It may not be all day. Maybe there's tough times and you're not thinking about it and maybe the joy bells are not singing too loud. Amen. But if we stop and just think on it, then the joys bells started ringing. Amen. Oh, joy bells ringing in my soul. Oh, joy bells ringing in my soul. Joy bells ringing. Oh, joy bells ringing. I've got joy bells ringing in my soul. Let's sing it out again. Oh, joy bells ringing in my soul. Oh, joy bells ringing in my soul. Oh, joy bells ringing. Oh, joy bells ringing. I've got joy bells ringing in my soul. Oh, hallelujah ringing in my soul. Amen. Oh, hallelujah ringing in my soul. Oh, hallelujah ringing. Yes. Hallelu ringing. I've got hallelujah ringing in my soul. How about thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus ringing in my soul. This thank you Jesus ringing in my soul. Oh thank you Jesus ringing. Thank you Jesus ringing. I've got thank you Jesus ringing in my soul. Oh, joy bells ringing in my soul. Oh, joy bells ringing in my [Applause] soul. Oh, joy bells ringing. Yes, joy bells are ringing. I've got joy bells ringing in my soul. Oh, hallelujah ringing in my soul. Yes. Halleluah ringing in my soul. Oh halleluah ringing. Yes hallelu ringing. I got hallelujah ringing in my [Music] soul. The love of Jesus ringing in my soul. The love of Jesus ringing in my soul. Oh, love of Jesus ringing. Love of Jesus ringing. I've got the love of Jesus ringing in my soul. Oh, joy bells ringing in my soul. Oh, joy bells ringing in my soul. Joy bells ringing, joy bells ringing. I've got to ringing in my soul. Oh, thank you Jesus ringing in my soul. Oh, thank you Jesus ringing in my soul. Oh, thank you Jesus ringing. Yes, thank you Jesus ringing. I've got thank you Jesus ringing in my soul. Hallelujah. Oh halleluah ringing in my soul. Oh halleluah ringing in my soul. Oh halleluah ringing. Yes hallelu ringing. I've got hallelu ringing in my soul. Hallelujah ringing in my soul. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's Amen. Sing another little song. Amen. Make me sweat up here. Amen. David dance like David danced. Amen. David had a testimony. That's why he danced. Amen. He saw the word coming back on that cart. Amen. He had to dance. Amen. Hallelujah. When the word comes in your life, Amen. It makes you dance a little bit. Amen. Oh hallelujah. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like David. Oh, when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like David. Oh, I will dance. dance. I will dance. I will dance like David dance. I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like baby dance. When the spirit of the Lord falls upon my heart, I will pray like your praise. And when the spirit of the Lord upon my heart, I will pray like Daniel pray. Oh, I will pray. I will pray. I will pray like in your pray. I will pray. I will pray. I will pray like your pray. Oh, when that spirit of the Lord falls upon my heart, I will sing like Mary and saint. Oh, when the spirit of the Lord holds up all my heart, I will sing like Mary and s. Oh, I will sing. I will sing. I will sing like Mary sang. I will sing. I will sing. I will sing and sing. Oh, when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will love like Jesus love. When the spirit of the Lord falls upon my heart, I will love like Jesus love. Oh, I will love. I will love. I will love Jesus love. I will love. I will love. I will love my Jesus. Oh, when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will shout like David shouted. Oh, when the spirit of the Lord falls upon my heart, I will shout like David shouted. Oh, I will shout. I will shout. I will shout like David shouting. I will shout. I will shout. I will shout like when the spirit of the Lord falls upon my heart. I will love Jesus love. When the spirit of the Lord falls upon my heart, I will love like Jesus loves. Oh, I will love. I will love. I will love like Jesus. I will love. I will love. I will love [Music] Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. The spirit will make us do. Amen. Wonderful things. Amen. Praise the Lord. We ask, brother. Amen. Sorry about [Music] [Music] this. Amen. God bless y'all. Let's just go straight to the word. Thank you. Let's turn to uh second Timothy 2 verse 20- 22. Second Timothy chapter 2 verse 20- 22. And I'll start. But in a great house there are not only vessels of gold and of silver, but also of wood and of earth, and some to honor and some to dishonor. If a man therefore If a man therefore purge himself from these, he shall be a vessel unto honor, sanctified and meat for the master's use, and prepared unto every good work. Let's go to Psalm chapter 19 verse 9 to 11. The Bible reads, "Wherewith all shall a young man cleanse his way by taking heed there to according to thy word. [Music] With my my whole heart have I sought thee. Oh, let me not wander from thy commandment. Thy word have I hid in my heart that I might not sin against thee. May the Lord add a blessing to the reading of his word. We may we may bow our head and if you have a need, if you want God to speak to you, just raise your hand. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we humbly come before you in the wonderful name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Heavenly Father, Lord, the Bible says that God is a spirit and they they that worship him must worship him [Music] in Jesus. In order for us to please you, we have to get in the spirit. Lord, I pray that you help each and every one of us to get away from this world and all the wor the worries of this world and get into the spirit of Christ. [Music] so that Father Lord we may receive your word. Jesus, I pray that you forgive us of our shortcomings. [Music] And I pray that you bless each person that came to to your house tonight, Lord Jesus, and that you give them a double portion, Lord God, of whatever they need, Lord Jesus. Lord, I I surrender myself to you, Lord Jesus. Recognizing that it's not me, the preacher, but it's you. Lord, I myself cannot do anything, Lord Jesus. I fully depend on you, Lord. Will you come and help me, Lord Jesus? Give me strength. And I pray that you're here through the congregation and that you bless the word that we just read. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. I pray, Father Lord, that I rebuke every spirit of unbelief out of this place. And I pray that faith may arise in this room. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. I don't know how I'm going to preach this. I am I'm very tired tonight but I pray I trust that God is going to give me strength and I appreciate each I appreciate each and every one of you coming on a Wednesday night. I'm sure some of you are tired of coming from home. God doesn't have any depth of anybody. He will give you a double portion for blood. So let's get straight to the word. I'm I'm going to give a short ex exhortation tonight. Um title a vessel of honor. And if you can please turn my mic up a little bit. I cannot really. [Music] So a vessel of honor. So as we if we go back to second Timothy chapter 2 verse 20-22 So we see that Paul is giving an advice to Timothy who is a young man telling him that in a great house that there are not only vessels of go of honor but also vessels of of dishonor. So in other word he's telling us that God has vessels of honor and vessel of dishonor because we understand that even the devil works for God because the devil was created for God for a purpose. The prophet said that God allowed sin to get in the camp so that we will he he would manifest all his attributes. We see that even in the story story of Job. The devil cannot even touch you without getting permission from God. That's why the Bible says that all things works for good to them that love God. Because even when you think things are going wrong, he's still working towards the good the good for them that love God. You know, I was just reading in the room the story of Jonah. And I just noticed for the first time that in the story of Jonah, you see that when he was in the boat, the Bible says that all when the temp the uh the tempest came, everybody started praying their own god. So we had people there that were hidden. They were pagans. And you might think that Jonah was out of the will of God, but God had a purpose for Jonah to do that. Because I saw that in that verse it says that that when when they find out that Jonah was uh the reason why the tempest came, the Bible says that a great fear of God came upon them. They say that they exceeding exceedingly became fearful of God and the Bible says that they made a vow unto the God of Jonah. So while Jonah thought he was out of the will of God, God knew that Jonah had to go against what God told him to go so that those people will be saved. What I want you to say is that a Christian I cannot really say it like that. I don't mean to say that you're never out of the will of God. But I'll say that even when you think you're out of the will of God, there is still a purpose that God is doing in your life. Because the prophet tells us that the Bible these are the shadows and types and if God can do it for them, he can do it for you too. Because if Jonah had just went straight to to Nineveh, those people would have never known about the God of Israel. You know, when the when trouble came in, they asked Jonah. They're like, "Tell us who are you? Where did you come from? Who do you There's there there are many people when trouble comes in your life, that's an opportunity to witness to someone even at the hospital. So that's just a thought for the site. I haven't I haven't started. I just thought I'll share it. So talking about a vessel of honor and dishonor. So I looked at the definition of honor. It means something of higher respect or great esteem. And some of the synonym for the word honor is glory. [Music] You know, so in other word, God is looking for a vessel or an instrument or a person that brings great respect to his name. Someone that everywhere where you go to, everything you do brings respect to the name of God. at work where wherever you work, wherever in in the in the supermarket, yo, even your presence brings respect to the to the name of God. Someone that people can be doing sin, but the moment they see you, they stop because they have the respect for the presence of God in their life. But they'll never do it if God is not using that vessel. Remember, you're not doing it. It's God that has to use the vessel. The problem is we try to do it ourselves. And you'll always end up failing. end up trying to be a better Christian, but you end up always end up failing. You have to do it yourself. So my my topic for tonight is a vessel of honor because I believe God is looking for vessels of honor. When we read this, I don't believe that you are choosing to be a vessel of dishonor vessel of dishonor is anything that brings reproach to the name of God. The prophet preach the message is your is your life worthy of the gospel. When your life is not worthy of the gospel, it's being a a vessel of this horn. So you need to examine yourself tonight whether you find yourself being a vessel of honor or dishonor. So why does God need vessels? He can he God can just do he could do everything himself. So why does he need vessels things he can do anything he wants but the Bible tells us that God is a spirit tells us that spirits don't have hands. Spirits don't have eyes. You know they God sees through your eyes where the prophet says God sees visions through your eyes through your hands. In the message we would see Jesus the prophet says he doesn't have any hands but ours. He doesn't have any voice on earth but ours. The world want to hear the voice of of God. The Bible is telling us the world will only hear the voice of God through. They're not going to hear the the voice of God through to through people in the denomination. Because we see in revelation that they have put Jesus out of the out of the door, but they are not worshiping God. You know, but how the prophet says he doesn't have any voice on earth but us.ph knows that this question knew before coming to church that God doesn't have any other voice powerful statement that in order for God to speak, he has to speak through us. You have a part to play. You know, God is a spirit. The prophet says, "You mean some of you don't know that?" If you could project that, that would be nice. The prophet says, "I am the vine. You are the branches." The vine doesn't bear fruit. He energizes the branches. The branches bears fruit. You know the prophet says he we lay we lay our hands on the sick. He uses our eyes to see visions. He uses our lips to speak. He uses us to pack the gospel. See, it's given unto his church and he is in his church manifesting himself and the people can see him as he works in his church. The prophet is saying the people can see him but how do they see him is so the question is why does God need vessels? A vessel is something that you can use for something to be of honor. It has to be of good use vessels to pack the gospel. We are God is God wants to use each and every one of you tonight to pack the gospel of what is the gospel. You know in Mark 16:14 to 18 says the Bible says later later he appeared to the 11 as they sat at the table. You have their unbelief and hardness of heart because they did not believe those who had seen him after he had risen the fact that they did not believe the witnesses of the resurrection. He said to them, "Go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. He who believes and is baptized will be saved. But he who does not believe will be condemned. These signs will follow those who believe in my name. They will cast out demons. They will speak with new tongues. They will take up serpents. And if they drink anything deadly, it will it will by no means hurt them. They will lay hands on the sick and they will recover. That's what the gospel is is manifesting the power of the risen God. But there are signs that that got to follow the the gospel. You cannot just say you are a believer and the signs aren't following you. Remember the Bible didn't say that the believer follows the sign. But there's only one thing that you got to do is just you got to believe because with faith with faith God has to come on the scene. Brother Brandham says that all the mighty works that he did, it was never him. It was God who did that. And that scripture applies to you too. If you believe the signs will follow you, whe you don't just need a minister to lay hands on you. If you are a vessel of honor, God can use your hand. When you go to work, someone falls fall has a heart attack. You don't need to wait till 911 gets there. You may be the only light that's in that workplace. And that may be the reason why God put you there. So you can let them know that Jesus rose from the dead. That's the purpose of the gospel. The gospel has to be alive. He has to be manifested. The Bible says the word healeth. I'll read a quote from the prophet message earnestly contending for the faith. He said, "We've had plenty of passing of tracks." Um, passing of tracks like this. We've had plenty of passing out tracks and theology around the world. We've had plenty of people passing out Bibles, message books around the world. But the the prophet says but the gospel is not the Bible altogether. Paul said the gospel came to us not in word only. But through demonstrations of the Holy Ghost Jesus says go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. explanation from the prophet who he is straight from God. He's explaining giving us an interpretation of that scripture. He meant go into all the world and demonstrates the power of God. Oh, that scripture was never meant to say go into all the world pass message. Even though that is good, Satan does not really care about that. But there's only one thing that he can take this book and make it leave. That's what the gospel is. The gospel is proving that Jesus rose from the dead. But you cannot just even even in sales for instance, you cannot just go try to to uh convince a customer to buy your product without showing him what that product does, demonstrating to him what that product does. We used to be a salesman going from house to house demo of the product and we are also salesmen of the gospel. We but this is a sales that we give for free. No free given to everybody that will be but it has to be demonstrated. There will come a time in your life Satan will try you. You know it's one thing to say I believe the message but Satan will try that faith. You know the prophet says that before God gives you the Holy Ghost, he compares that to that that wagon. That thing that thing has it has to be tested. God will have to test you first to see if you truly believe. That's what the gospel meant. And keep reading the same quote he says. And in order to preach the gospel, Before you can make it a gospel preach, you've got to have the power and demonstration of the Holy Spirit to prove the gospel. So according to prophet, you cannot say that Jesus heals that. But when sickness comes before you, you are defeated. You've got to experience that yourself first before you tell that to the people because people out there in the world they don't really care to I I even read a quote today where the prophet says Satan can preach you. So the secret is never in the preaching because the prophet says Satan can you can never outreach Satan but the secret is in the spirit the life that's in the word of God because Satan will only quote the theories. Satan knows all the quotes of this message. You know the quotes of the message won't do nothing if you don't apply that in your life. And you applying the message is what the gospel came for. You know the the message came to you know uh to give life. You know because if you notice throughout the ages Satan tried to kill that seed. Even in the church age book you can see that the light is going dimmer. But the message came to speak your dry bones into existence. But God sent some someone who was yielded as a vessel of honor. The prophet says the letter kaleth the spirit maketh alive. So it's not just a realist ritualistic affair and I want to highlight on that word but it's absolutely a reality living realy reality of the resurrection of Jesus Christ living among men and that's It's the faith that I'm trying my best to contend for today that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Not just in words, demonstration. I want to see that if Jesus Christ healed someone back in the Bible, I want to know that when I get him, he can heal me. Jesus delivered the maniac in the Bible. I want to know that when I get blood, Jesus can still deliver. Why? Because he has not changed. And we need to be able to demonstrate that. And God wants to do it, but he's looking for vessels. He's looking for people that'll be saying, "Lord, use me. God want to show in this city of De Moine that he's still the same. A lot of people preach a dead people preach theories. They preach history. The the true seed of God is looking for a God that will be preaching history. I like that word reality. This is not something that we're imagining. It's something that's real that you've experienced. Amen. Uh I trust that each person tonight has a real experience with God where it's no longer the God of brother Brandham where it's no longer the God of of of Lee Paul but it becomes your own God. You know where you you get to a place like like Ruth and Naomi where the God of Naomi becomes the God of Ruth. You know the the the we we getting very close to the end. All the prophecies are getting fulfilled. Examine your lives. Have you met the God of this message? The prophet says that's what the gospel is. His power is unlimited. How many believe that his power is unbelie unlimited? There's nothing my God cannot do. But you need to we need to see that. Many people say God there's a song that says uh he's a way maker. Many people sing that song. They even get in the spirit. But when trouble comes in their way, It truly proves that it was just in the head. It truly proves that it was never an experience to them. But you are the children of the light. The light is the word manifested. What does manifest mean? That means it's been made real. God is more real than than you can see right now. You know again my t my topic is ve a vessel of honey. God is looking for people that he can manifest his word through. The Bible says verily verily I say unto you he that believeth the works that I do shall he do also. and greater works than these shall he do. Because I go unto my father. So we understand that the believer, the person that we just read in Matthew 16, the believer who believes the gospel has a job to [Music] do. It's a work for each and every one of us. This work never works. I I was reading that that the that the that scripture. I have it somewhere here. I was reading that scripture where Jesus uh said that pray that the pray to the Lord of the harvest to send more workers. You know why Jesus said, you know, if you read a few verses before that, you'll see that he the Bible says that he felt compassion that there were too many people without shepherd scattered. And it was only one Jesus. But that's why he said pray that I will send my spirit. You notice the true workers will have the spirit of God on them. There are many people come and claim themselves to be Christ. They claim to cling to to be Jesus. They claim to be Messiah. But the Bible says by their fruit you shall know. Our prophet told us to stay with the word. So Jesus now is looking for workers. people that that we and notice my my emphasis is Jesus is looking for workers that can show that God is alive. People that have an experience with God if you don't if you've never had a single experience with God that God is not going to use that. That will not convince anybody out there. to someone about a living God when you don't even know if God is then you just then you are the prophet says you are an actor the prophet says many people come to church and they believe that Jesus is God just because the minister preach the prophet says even many people believe that just because they read it in the Bible many People believe that Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever just because brother Bham said that you know, but but if you've never experienced that he is the same yesterday, then you are just an actor that means you haven't received the gospel. You receive that Jesus passed away. How do you know that you you will continue to do the same work that I will do. Amen. Amen. So, let me skip. I'm going a little bit too slow. I think I just read this one already. Um, so yeah, uh, the Jesus talked about that there are only few laborers. And and then the prophet tells us that a scripture can have compound meaning this could be ministers but he doesn't every one of of you this because Mark 16 wasn't just sent to ministers. 16 was sent to every believer because the Bible says the sign shall follow the ministers. The Bible says his signs shall follow the believer. So God is looking for people that he can show that the message is right. I'll read this quote in the message the healing of Gyrus. paragraph says, he says, um, uh, in other words, pray to me that I will send laborers into my harvest, which I'm just telling you is such a needy thing, but part of it lays in the human beings. Do you believe that? He says the kingdom of God lays within the human being. He says God cannot bear fruit of himself. He's got to take the church. Is that right? He's got to take you branches to bear fruit. And when your branches are yielded to the vine, You notice only there's a condition when the branch is yielded to the vine fruit comes forth of fruit of the fruit of the spirit coming forth around your life. If it's not, check the root. Are you Are you sure? Are you coming from the the the main vine or you coming from? Who are you yielding yourself to? Because if you yield yourself to the van, you you can't have, you know, he says, "And when you br says, you see what I mean? God wants your hands. He wants your eyes. He wants your tongue. He wants your lips. He wants your ears. He wants your hands and he wants your feet so he can bring forth fruit through you. So the prophet is telling us that that God's desire is to use you. one of us. We just read the har the the the harvest is plenty. The prophet says that as long as God is not done with you accomplishing the purpose for which you came in this earth, Satan cannot take you for each and every one of you this morning, tonight that work is it for the kingdom of God for the kingdom [Music] So how can we become vessel of honors? How can we be yielded to God so that he can bear fruit to us? The answer is in the word because the prophet said that every question there is there's always an answer in the word. Let's look at some examples in the Bible. There was a prophecy that a virgin shall conceive, you know, and she shall she she was supposed to bear a son. There was a prophecy that a virgin shall conceive. And for so many years, God was looking for a vessel that could bring that prophecy to pass. God was looking for someone that will make that prophecy be real. And when the angel appeared unto unto Mary, you know, and the answer she said, she said, "Let it be done unto me according to God." So she did not disbelieve the word of God. She believed every word. She believed pretty much the impossible because the prophet says that at least you know what was asked of Mary was something that was never ever done before. We have things that we can't go up on. Oh, if God did this for this person, he can't do it for me. God had nobody to go from. But she simply believed the word. When you believe the word, that means you allow the word to have his work in you. When Mary believed the word, the word conceived in her, God conceived in her. And it applies to you too. If you believe the word, you become the word. When you believe the word, the word gets born in you and they accomplish the purpose for which he was sent. Mary had a prophecy. There was a prophecy that that had to come to passph. But God was looking for a vessel of heart and he found Mary. There's also a prophecy in our in our age. The prophet says in the message super sign he says and there will be a bride just as certain as I'm standing in this pulpit. There will be a bride that is washed in the blood of the lamb and the lamb will be living among them showing super signs of his resurrection. the lamb will be living among them showing that he's still alive. You know, he ties back to the he showing super signs of what his resurrection that's. That's what the res the gospel is about after 2,000 years the same thing he did when he was here on earth. So there is a prophecy that there will be a bride will be living among the brideph. But there got to be vessels to fulfill that. There was a prophecy for Mary and she said let it be done unto me according to. So when I see this prophecy, I also want to say, Lord, let it be unto you. I want to be that bride. There was another uh u another person that was Isaiah. Let's go to Isaiah chapter 6 verse 5. The Bible says, "Then said I, woe is me, for I am undone, because I am a man of unclean lips, and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips. For mine eyes have seen the king, the Lord of hosts. Then flew one of the saraphins unto me, having a live coal in his hand, which he had taken with the tongues from the altar. and he laid it upon my mouth and said, "Lo, this has touched thy lips, and thy iniquity is taken away, and that sin is purged. And also I heard the voice of the Lord saying, Whom shall I send and whom will go for for us? Then said I here I am and he said go. So God was looking for a vessel. God had a work to do in that age. He's saying who shall I send. Tonight God is asking who shall I send? Yeah. I have a work for each. I have plenty of works that needs to be done. There is no coincidence with God. coincidence that you found yourself in the church tonight that he wants he has a work that you need to do. That's not a coincidence. That's not a coincidence that you are in Iowa. It's not a coincidence. He's saying whom shall I send? But you notice that before God could send Isaiah, he had to purge him. [Music] He had to clean his ini to take his iniquities away. That's the same thing that if we go back to Timothy, let's read that Timothy chapter 2 verse 21. Paul says, "And if a man therefore purge himself from these, then he shall be a vessel unto honor." Sanctified. Sanctified. So in order to be a vessel horner, you got to be cleansed, you have to be sanctified and made for the master's use. So God doesn't just use anything. God likes things to be clean. The prophet tells us God is a God of order. He's not going to take a dirty bottle and just use it the same way. [Music] sanctify and then you meet for the master's use. And once you are made for the master's use, then you are prepared unto every good work. Anytime God calls, I'm ready. And now it's when God is looking for a vessel, Lord, I'm ready. God wants to wake you up at 3:00 a.m. to pray, "Lord, I'm ready." God want you to drive eight hours to just go bless someone. Lord, I'm ready. There's a preparation that got to be made so that when God God likes to find people ready, you know, Jesus, that's why the Bible says the bride made herself ready. When God comes, if if he finds you ready, not ready, he leaves you behind. So when God wants to do something for you with you and he comes to you and he finds that you're not prepared. So it is important to be ready. You know, I think there's a scripture that says that Paul talks to Timothy to be ready in season and out of season. You know, that scripture does not just apply to Timothy, every one of us that that needs to be used as a vessel. And then verse 22, flee also youthful lust. That's how you, you know, we read Psalm 119. How does a young man cleanse his way? The question is, how do I become a vessel of honor? Lord, you want me to be a vessel of honor, but I see your word for me. I need to be clean. I want to make my ways clean, Lord. How you notice that the Bible says that I think it's Let's go to Psalm 119. And we'll come back to Timothy. Psalm 119:9 to 11. You know where shall a young man cleans his way? By taking heed there to according to thy word. That's how you make yourself. Why? Because it's the word that cleans you. You know, uh we are washed by the water of the word. And if you go to the next, the uh uh with my whole heart have I saw thee. Go to the next verse, please. Thy word have I hid in my heart that I might not sin against thee. Lord, I want to stay clean. The key is hide the word of God in your heart. Because why? When you hide the word of God in your heart, no longer fighting the battle. But it's the word of God in you that fights the battles. When you hide the word of God in your heart, then the scripture that says that he that is in you is greater than he that's in the world. Manifest. But if you don't have him inside of you, that's why you cannot keep your way clean. Let's go back to that Timothy verse. So 2 Timothy 2:22, flee also youthful lust. NIV version I think says to flee from youthful desires. As young people, we have so many desires. But the Bible is telling us it's not just of out of God to come and help us, but we also have to flee from it. When temptation of lust come, what do you do about it? But you notice, you don't just flee. Cuz if you flee, it's going to keep coming. It doesn't just give up in one day. You see the story of Delilah and Samson. Now if you read that story went the first time. But if Samson had only fled and then the key is but full of righteousness, you know. So because there's a scripture that also says uh uh to overcome evil with good. So when the enemy comes, you have to do the opposite of what he's telling you to do. That's how you overcome full of righteousness of faith with them that call on the Lord out of a pure heart. So the people you hang around matters. When you find yourself battling the spirit of worldly music, who do you hang out around? You notice that Eve had listened to everything by one word she left out. So you have fled the youthful lust. You have followed the peace around. Satan will try all the avenues he can to get you. Amen. Amen. Let's see. I'm going I'm not going in order with my notes. Okay, let's So God had given us gifts and talent to serve him with. God has given us gift and talent. But what have you done with them? But you notice, let's read the prophet says in the message when their eyes were open, he says gift is not something like you take a knife and chop [Music] something. That isn't a gift. The prophet says a gift is to get yourself out of the way so that the Holy Spirit can use you. And that's the only thing I have to do is get William Brandham from the scene so God can come on. That was his gift. But you also have a gift. Some of us are piano players players leaders. mothers, all those gifts that God has given us, you need to examine that when you do that. You notice that a vessel of honor is something that gives glory to. When you play the piano, who are you trying to get the glory to? Are you trying to give the glory to God or you trying to get your own glory? And to be honest, if you're truly trying to give God the glory, then you need to come consecrated. In order to be a vessel of honor, you need to be prepared. You don't just come to church just with no preparations. The Bible says that the best way to come to church is like you you start the church from your house. And you bring that same atmosphere here at like song leaders, drummers, didn't getting the glory out of what we do. Means if when I preach God doesn't get all the glory of glory what I'm doing a failure because my word can never do anything to you his word gives life the problem is we don't get ourselves elves out of you know we want we want to get he said the problem we want I want to get le Paul in the way but the when you do it God cannot use you to be a vessel of honor it has to be God operating the gift And you notice that there's also a vessel of dishonor because the prophet says there are two spirits that govern. The spirit of God and the spirit of you see that the prophet is saying that we have to be yielded and get ourselves out of the way so that God can Each and everyone the gift that you have Satan is going to go after it. If you don't use it for the glory of God, Satan will take it for his glory. I'll show you a quick video. Joshu, brother Josh, can you project that? This woman was born in a in a in the church. I mean, she was raised in the church. Super talented, very talented. Satan didn't give her that gift. He gave her that gift. The prophet says that Satan just takes what God gave you and if you you read her story you will see that she even said she was born she she first song that she ever sang a solo was in a church but Satan noticed that you know Satan even come so even when you sing a church he's going to hear your talent If you're not careful, he's going to try to entice you to give it to him. And I saw that she was in a class in a in a gymnastic class, dancing class. And then her teacher noticed her singing high pitch for the first time. She realized that she had talent. And now what did they what would they try to do? They'll try to use it for the world. She started in the church, you know. But she also get into a place where now instead of yielding her body to God, now she yields her body to another spirit. Her personality, she's very shy. But you know the devil did not pay attention about that being shy. He just looked, okay, I can use that millions of people to hell with that. Don't worry about being I will help you myself. Listen to what she's just a quick listen if you can unmute the sound. Usually when I hear the crowds, when I put on my stilettos, um when like the the moment right before when you're nervous and that other thing kind of takes over for you, then Sasha Pierce appears in my posture and the way I speak. So if you pause, so you notice she's saying that you when she gets nervous, you know, there's another thing that takes over for her. She yields to something that she thinks that she created that personality herself. Keep playing. Is it like a process that happens too? Like you were talking about the high heels like once the lashes go on and the makeup and all that stuff. It's kind of like when I do a movie becoming the character once you put on the wig and once you put on the clothes you walk different. It's kind of this character that I've I've created over the years. Uh-huh. And how is Sasha Fierce different than I am? Well, I know you know definitely wearing that bodysuit. I can never walk out here and do that. Does Sasha ever go home? So, she even is telling us that she knows her personality and she can never wear those body come out in the public like that. She's telling us that. No, it's a man for the prophet says that when you get your body out naked there, it's a spirit that over you. But she's out there telling us that that's that she could never do it on her own. Um, sometimes, [Laughter] but not often. Only only on special occas Yeah. She shows up sometimes at the house. Yes. Yeah. But definitely when I'm nervous or or um whenever I have to perform, whenever I have to do choreography or something that's difficult and I it's no different from anyone else. I feel like we all kind of have that that thing that takes over. You can pause there. You can remove the video. You see? So you're saying that we all have that one that takes over. I mean she is right but it's it's either the spirit of God or it's the spirit of sin. I'll give my own example before I start preaching. I am very very nervous. You know you don't know the thoughts that be going through my mind. Sometimes in the pulpit sometime I'm like why did I accept to do this thing? I have people that that are depending to hear on what I will say. I get very nervous before preaching because I yielded my body to God takes over moves that nervously. Beyonce who was raised in the churchy he yields her body to a spirit that she named Sasha Fierce and she says that it's that spirit that does all the work for her talented young girl. She has a very beautiful voice. That thing that God has given you, if you don't protect it, Satan will come after that. So another example is John Legend Legend. Some may know him, some some may not a singer as well. No. So singers, you need to be very careful with and he said, I'm just going to read his quotes where he said, he says, I grew up in a pentecostal church in Springfield, Ohio. And he said, and that was my first extensive exposure to music of any sort during that time. And it was what inspired me to want to sing. sit in line with you that God gives you. What inspired you? The first place to start singing was church, you know, and he says, "My grandfather was our pastor. My grandmother was our church organist. My mother was the choir director. I just grew up around a family full of folks who love to sing and love to sing about Jesus. And in that same place, there's a place he says that even one time he even spoke in tongues. He spirit. So this man grew up in in a good house. You know, but there's a place where he said it says later in the series, John added that despite his reverence for the church and it its tradition, he was no longer religiously [Music] active. What happened to him? You know, he gave his gift to Satan. a God-given gift. He yielded his vessel to become a vessel of this heart. And another popular star, Whitney Houston. She is a very she was a very talented woman. Grew up in the church. I even saw that they uh I read about her. I saw that every concert that she was doing, she always had one gospel song that she was doing. But she went secular. Satan went after that gift and then instead of and then the kind of death she died, she died because of a cocaine addiction. That's what Satan will do to you when you yield your vessel to him. You want to yield your vessels to I'll read one more quote and I'll probably end there. The prophet talks about this woman that was called Clara Bohem 223. He said, "What do you think of Clara?" Who come out of the first and said the dangerous curves that sends thousands of soul to hell. Where do you think she's she's tonight? She's been dead for a long time. Where is she? That body of hers laying yonder, cankered in dust. Her soul lays yonder be before a just God. Where is the man that took that woman and made them all dirty looking clothes that they put on? Why do you wear those kind of things for because you want men to look at you? No other way to prove it. And do you know that when you do that and some old sinner looks at you, you know what happened? And I'll skip the pro says you don't do that for no good [Music] purpose. He said you might be innocent of the fact but the devil is using you for a tool just like he did Eve. The way you dress at church, the way you dress at work without you don't even mean it, but you are being a tool of Satan. You are you are becoming the the vessel of dishonor because now you are bringing a reproach to the cause of Christ. God is looking for a vessel to some for vessels of honors. We have student here from Iowa states looking for vessels of horns. Iowa states need to hear of the message of the hour. Iowa God even sent you out there. We see that God doesn't have hands. He has his eyes are your eyes. The way you carry yourself in college, the way you carry yourself when you think there's no one looking at you. You may stand. Whatever you give to God, that's what he will use. The prophet says that Samson gave his gift of strength to God and he used it. But he gave his heart to Delilah. There are some of us tonight. Yes, God is using you, but there's more that he wants to do. Lord, I don't want you to just use me as a minister. Lord, I don't want you to just use me as a piano player. I don't just want to give this gift to God, but my heart I'm giving it to the world. I want you to take full possession of myself. Lord, I'm giving myself away to you. Full control. There's more work that he wants to do with you. Yes, he will use the little that you give him. There is more that he wants to do with you. Paul told us that the choice is ours because he says, "If a man therefore purge himself One more quote. It's not a quote. It's a scripture. You can still remain the same scripture verse 16. The verse he says, "What things is he saying to son from?" It says, "But profane and vain babblings." So the pro in the NIV version says, "Godless chatter. for they will increase unto more ungodliness. Why did I read this is because sin comes in in innocent [Music] form. No, he's talking about just vain bablings. But it's in other words, it's just a nature of sin. If you don't shun from it, it's going to keep your ungodliness. He started by taking just one sip of alcohol and now you find yourself in a bar and you find yourself you can't go a week without drinking and now you can't even go a day without drinking anymore. What? It's sin. But when you let God cleanse you, He has a word for you like whom I send. Lord, here I am. Send me. If you can sing a song, I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself [Music] away, oh Lord, I give myself away so you can use me. Sing it with me. I give myself away. Only sing that if you really mean that to God. If you don't mean that, don't sing. I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. Here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hands. Lord, I'm [Music] longing to see your desires revealed in me. Oh, I give myself away. Oh Jesus, I give myself away. So use and use [Music] me. My life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. Oh my life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself away. I'll read this quote before we pray. The prophet says in the message dedication He says, "And if we'll come back to the original dedication and we'll open our hearts and empty ourselves, God in dedication as we give it to him will fill our temple with his shakina glory. If you give your heart to him, If you empty yourselves, Lord, I want to empty myself tonight. Then the living God will be moving in in living church. He won't be living in a dead church anymore. He will be moving in a living church, a living people and will spread forth his glory. Then his purpose will be fulfilled of you becoming a vessel of honor. We vess to to bring glory to him. Then together someday, one being this way and one this way and one part of the country, she'll come together to make the [Music] bride and will be caught up to meet him. So that's a prophet, but God is looking for people that will make this come to passph. You know the prophet says that there are many doors of the heart and many of us has let him be our savior but we don't want to open another room our secret room. We don't want to become our lord. Don't tell me what some of us still have. We won't let him come in the door of pride. Some of us is the the door of depression. Some of us can't. It's you you find it so hard to trust God. You want to try but you keep finding it so difficult to trust God. Keep knocking at the door. He wants to come in there. He wants to come there. It makes everything easy that does the work in while everyone bowed their head. That's your decision. You know, you want God to use you more. Can you just raise your hand? Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we thank you so much for such a message. Lord, telling us Lord that in a house there are vessels of honor and dishonor. But Lord, I don't believe that any of us wants to be a vessel of these harmonies. But Lord, the Bible tells us that we have to be sanctified and put aside for service. And the prophet says that sanctification only sets you aside but doesn't put you in service. Lord, the prophet says that the Holy Ghost when it comes then he puts you in service. Lord, we need your Holy Ghost. Lord, those of us that have it, give them more, Lord. And those who don't have it, Lord, I pray that you give them an outpouring of the Holy Ghost, Lord. Heavenly Father, we want to continue the works. We want to do the greater works, Lord. We want to be a vessel of honor. I pray that you search our lives, Lord. Anything that been there that's not pleasing to you, I pray that you remove it, Lord Jesus. I pray that you cleanse us, Lord God. And Father Lord, that you use us more and more, Lord Jesus. I pray that you bless this church. I pray that you reward their sacrifice. I pray that father Lord God that you shine your life your light in their lives like never before and let them be witnesses Lord of your resurrection in the wonderful name of Jesus Christ. If there be anybody that came in sick, I pray that you give them in the name of Jesus Christ. If there's anybody that came lacking, I pray that you give him more than what he needs. In the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. God bless you. Take me to the holy of holy Take me in by the blood of the lamb. Take me in to the holy of holies. Take the cold. Touch my lips. Here I am. Oh, take me in to the holy of [Music] holies. Take me in by the blood of the lamb. [Music] Oh, take me in to the holy of holy. Take the cold. Touch my lips. Here I am. One more time. Amen. Oh, take me in to the holy of holies. Take me in by the blood of the lamb. Take me in to the holy of holies. Take the cold. Touch my lips. Here I am. Oh, take the cold. Touch my lips. Here I am. Hallelujah. Amen. I trust you were blessed. Amen. I was blessed. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing. Amen. Redeemed. Hallelujah. Amen. As we're dismissed. Amen. With this song. Amen. Redeemed. How I love to proclaim it. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed through his infinite mercy. His child and forever I am redeemed. Redeemed. [Music] Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed, redeemed, his child and forever I am. I think of my blessed redeemer. I think of him all day long. I sing for I cannot be silent. His love is the theme of my song. Redeem, redeem, redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redee, redeemed his child and forever I am. I know I shall see in his beauty. The King in whose law I delight, who lovingly guardeth my footsteps, and giveth me songs in the night. Redee, redeemed, redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed, redeemed. His child and forever I am. Redeemed and so happy in Jesus. No language my rapture can tell. I know that the light of his presence with me shall continually dwell. Redee, redeemed, redeemed by the blood of the lamb. [Music] Redee, redeemed his child and forever I am redeemed. Redeemed, redeemed by the blood of the lamb. redeemed. Redeemed his child and forever I am. God bless you. [Music]
