################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-23 - This is the Reality of Christ  Pastor Isiah Brooks  Sun 32325 - Isiah Brooks.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-23
Title:    This is the Reality of Christ // Pastor Isiah Brooks // Sun 3/23/25
Speaker:  Isiah Brooks
Church:   Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 26m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cr8bYxu2-V4
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
All the glory. Yes, I love you. I worship and adore. I'm going to tell you more, Lord, how much I really do love you. [Music] Oh, call [Music] on. Oh, call on. [Music] Oh, let [Music] alone Call [Music] on. Oh, call [Music] on. Oh, call on. [Music] Oh, the Lord [Music] attack. Oh, the Lord [Music] attack. Amen. In moments like this, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to [Music] Jesus. In moments like this, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to you, Lord. [Music] We're singing I love you, Lord. Singing, I love you, Lord. Singing, I love you. [Music] Lord I love. Oh moments like this I sing out a song. I sing a love song to [Music] Jesus in moments thy lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to you, Lord. We're singing. I love you, Lord. We're singing. I love you. We're singing [Music] power. Singing I love you. Singing I love you Lord. Sing [Music] it. Sing it. [Music] Oh, we're singing our love you. [Music] We're singing our love you. Singing I love you, Lord. I love you. Yes, Lord. I love you. Yes, Lord. I love [Music] you. Amen. The steadfast love of the Lord never cease us. His mercies never come to an end. for they every [Music] morning every morning. Great is thy [Music] faithfulness, oh [Music] Lord. Oh, aren't you grateful for his steadfast love? Oh, the sh confessor of the Lord. His mercies will never ever come to an end. His word is never. Oh for they are every morning. every morning. Great is thy faith. Forest, oh Lord, great is thy faith. [Music] The steadfast love never see his mercies never come for they are known every Men so strong every morning. Great is thy faithfulness. Oh Lord, great is thy faith. The steadfast love of the Lord his mercy never come to [Music] end for they are every Morning. So something new every morning. F is thy [Music] faithfulness. Oh [Music] Lord, for they are known. They are known. Every morning so no, every morning great is thy [Applause] faithfulness, oh [Music] Lord. Oh, aren't you grateful? His mercies are new every morning. For they are new every morning. Don't know every morning. Praise thy faith. Oh, praise thy faith. One more time before they are. Oh, so good every morning. Great is thy faithfulness, oh Lord. Great is the faith. Oh, let's see one more time. The steadfast love of the Lord. Oh, the [Music] steer his [Music] mercy come to an end for they are every morning. every morning. Great is the faithfulness, oh Lord. Great is the faith for him. Amen. How many are grateful for his mercies? Amen. He never gives you yesterday's mercies, but each and every day he gives you brand new mercies. Amen. Hallelujah. As we're getting ready to get into prayer, let's sing this song. Create in me a clean heart, oh God. How many can say that's my prayer this morning? Create in me a clean heart, oh God, and renew a thy spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart. [Music] and renew a right spirit within me. Oh, cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thine Holy Spirit from me. [Music] Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Oh Lord, create in me a clean heart. Please Lord, renew a rocking spirit within [Music] me. Create in me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit. [Music] Cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thine Holy Spirit from me. Restore the joy of thy salvation. Yes, Lord. And renew my spirit. Oh, cast me. Oh, from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. Please restore. Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation and renew our spirit. Lord, create me. Oh, just sing the song prayerfully this morning. Oh [Music] Lord. Oh Lord. [Music] and renew arise spirit. [Music] Oh, catch me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me will restore unto me the joy of thy salvation. [Music] everyone. Spirit, oh, cast me [Music] off from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. is restored unto me all the joy of thy salvation and renewal within me. [Music] Oh yes. And renew right spirit within [Music] me and renew it right. We can all bow our heads and pray in your own way. Talk to your maker. [Music] Oh, hey. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] You made me clear [Music] and spirit. Oh, cast me not away from thy presence. Oh, take not thy spirit. from [Music] me. Be sure unto me the joy of thy salvation. [Music] Amen. At this moment would like to remember our precious brother Keith. You know he was a pillar in this church and we can all that he was a a true Christian and his life did not just impact us only, but he was a witness all over the city and he has made it home and we have no shadow of doubt that he has fought a good fight and he has received his crown. So I would like to honor him and remember him. So if we could all just be um give a moment of [Music] silence can all stand in remembrance of him and honoring his memory. Let's all be silent for a moment and um then I'll ask brother Isaac's here to come and u just put his family in prayer. I bless you. Let's bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father. We approach your throne of mercy. Lord, the precious blood of your dear son Jesus Christ. Lord, we want to thank you, Father. Lord, for bringing us here, Father, Lord, giving us a hunger and a thirst, Father, your righteousness, a fear of God. Thank you, Lord, for this place, Father, Lord, that you have us together. We thank you, Lord, that you're so mindful of us, Father. Lord, you like the song says, your mercies are renewed every morning, Lord. Father, Lord, we come, Lord, in anticipation, Lord, this morning, Lord, to be more like you, Father Lord. Lord, to have your attributes, Father Lord, manifest your life, Lord, every day, every where we go, Lord. Lord, we want to thank you, Father. Lord, Lord, the life of our precious brother, Keith, Lord, that affected each and every one of us, Lord. Father, Lord, you used his his body, Lord. You used his mind him, Father. Lord, for your glory here in this this little church, Father Lord, Lord, his prayers, Lord, went out, Lord, to his family, to his loved ones, Lord, to the people he met at the coffee shop, to the people he met at work, Lord. Lord, we thank you, Father. Lord, that those prayers still go forth, Father. And we thank you, Father, for your amazing grace, Lord. Father, we We're one short, Lord, without Lord, he's gone to be with you, Father. Lord, Lord, Father, I pray, Father, Lord, that you Lord take him in, Father, Lord, Lord, may Lord, this little church, Father, Lord, Lord, just give us a a desire, Lord, to be more like you, Father, come to us, Lord. Father, Lord, he like our brother said, Lord, he was a a pillar in this church, Father. But, Father, Lord, we put our trust in you, Lord. You're the same yesterday, today, and forever, Father Lord. Lord, Father, I pray, Father, Lord, for Lord, the family of Brother Keith, Lord, and their loved ones, Father Lord. Lord, may they know, Father, Lord, that his prayer, Lord, went before you, Lord, for them. And Lord, give them a desire to serve that same God that you serve. Draw them, Lord, from the depths of their soul to you. Break the chains in their lives and tear down the prison walls in their lives, Father. Lord, and Lord, draw them closer to you, Father Lord. Lord, we give you all praise, give you all honor, Lord. May you, Lord, take prereeminence here this morning, Lord, our lives and touch our brother Isaiah, Father Lord, as he has a word directly from you, Father Lord. Lord, Father, may nothing get in the way, Father. Lord, we give you praise and give you honor. Lord, how great thou art, Father. Lord, we pray sing hallelujah to your holy name. Hallelujah. And we ask this in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Shake your neighbor's hand and say, "Welcome into the house of the Lord." Oh, brother Keith don't does do not have to worry no more. He has gotten a new body, a 19year-old body. It's just bittersweet for us. It's sad we can't fellowship with him no more, but we know he is rejoicing to know that he has already made it. So it's only on you and us so we can make it. So we can meet him over there. Amen. Let's sing this song by and by when the morning comes. Amen. He is already telling the story how he overcame open toes and driven on the restless sea of time. So skies and howling tempest of succeed of bright sunshine in the land of perfect day. When the mists have rolled away, we will understand it better. Oh, by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we overcome. We will understand it. Oh, singing by and by him. Oh, when the morning comes, yes and all the saints of God are gathered home. We will tell the story. How we over for we will better by and by. We are open and destitute of the things that life demands. One of food and one of shelter, thirsty, yield and barren land. But we're in the Lord and according. Oh, we will understand it better. Oh, by and by and by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story. How we overcome. Oh, we will understand it better by and by. trial that's on every hand and we cannot understand all the way that God will live to that blessing. Oh, he guides us with his [Music] eyes. Oh, we will understand it better. Oh, by and by, by and by, when the morning comes. Yes. And all the saints of God are gathered. Oh, we will tell the story our way over. For we will understand it. Singing by and by, is by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God are for we will tell the story our way over. For we will understand it better. [Music] Oh, temptations heat and open and take us unaware. And our hearts are made to play. And we wonder why is when we're trying to do what we will understand it better by. Oh, singing by and by. Oh, when the morning comes. Yes. And all the saints of God are gathered. Oh, we will tell the story our way up. Oh, we will understand it fast. Let's put our hands as the music play. [Music] Oh, when the saints when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh Lord, I want to be in that number. Oh, when the saint Oh. Oh, when the saint When the saint Oh, the saint go maring in. Oh Lord, I want to be in that number. Oh, when the same go maring in. Oh, I'm a real man as a stranger wandering through this world of sin. I'm on my way to that fair city. Oh, when the [Music] saint Oh, when the saint When all the saints Oh, when the saints When the saints Oh, maring in. Oh, Lord, I want to be in that number. Oh, when the saint Oh, I know I'll see my savior if my life is free from sin and heaven's soul will open for me. Oh, when the saint Oh, when the saints when all the saints Oh, when the saint go [Music] maring. Oh yes. When the saints go maring. Oh, we're gather around the throne and the gates are closed within. Oh, I'll be shouting. Glory, glory. When the saint Oh. When the saint When all the saints When the saint When the saint oh singing. Oh Lord, I want to be in that number. Oh, and the saints. How many are waiting for that chariot? Oh, I am waiting for that chariot. Just Lord and I step in voice on those clouds. I'll ride to heaven. Oh, when the saint Oh mighty. Oh, when the saint When all the saint When all the saint go. Oh Lord, I want to be in that number. Oh, and the saint. Let's sing that last verse. Oh, I am waiting for the chariot to swing low and I'll step in on the clouds. I'll ride to heaven. Oh, when the saint Oh, when the saint when the saint when the s go maring in. Oh Lord, I want to be in that number. Oh, when the s Oh, when the s When the senior go. Oh Lord, I want to be in that number. Oh, and the saint wo. Hallelujah. Thank God for his grace and his mercy. Amen. You may be seated for just a moment. On last Sunday, we had a wonderful youth meeting. But after the youth meeting, I saw a text on my phone by brother Keith's uh son-in-law that I needed to come to the hospital that he had had a stroke that they believe. Well, we we rushed over there and uh they they I was the only one they would let back there outside of the family. But anyway, when I got back there, I I expected to see a man laying on the bed. dysfunctional, but he was not that way. He was excited. And I couldn't understand. I'm looking at a man. They said he had a stroke, but when you have a stroke, you're weak. And he was he was so strong, he grabbed my hand and he was so excited. He pulled me into himself or near his head and he said, "I love you, brother Brooks." And I said, "I love you too, brother Keith." And then he said something on this this wise. This is what's happening to me is what you preach this morning. For those of you who were here Sunday, I I preached going beyond this dimension. And I said to Keith, "No, no, no. You can't go now." I said, "We've got to take a rapture together." He grabbed my hands again. And all he didn't say this now, but I was in his way. So he pushed like this like, "Okay, you can go." Well, Sunday also Sunday passed. While I was preaching, I saw how that area was lit up where he was sitting and I I I remember looking up to see if there was an extra light there and it was not. So, I just kept on preaching. Now, all of these things came to me afterwards. About a month ago, maybe a little more. Brother Keith told me that he had a visitation from an angel and he also said that he had a out of body experience. So what I'm trying to tell you not only was he told his death he was excited. Even his wife and family said they had never seen anything like it. He was happy all the way to the end. At that time, they didn't know it was a brain cl or some kind of clot. I don't know whether it was brain or what, but we we do know it was a blood clot. And when the when it struck him, he looked over to his wife and says, "I'm sorry. And then he went on out in his will. He was not to be resuscitated. I am saddened. I am saddened because he was not only a friend, he was like a father and a brother. He helped me uh a great deal. But if some of you all know the story how we met in Lima at St. Rita's Hospital, I think it was there's my wife. But anyway, in the hospital, his mom was on hospice. She had cancer of the pancreas. And we prayed for her, Keith and I, and she was instantly healed. She got up and was dismissed the next day. I gave Keith his first church age book and from that point on he was traveling all the way from Iowa at times just to come to church in line. Prior to that, Brother Keith had already had a Bible study going on. [Music] Amen. Brother Rich was part of it. Brother Isaac, I believe. However, however it went, you know, he was that kind of person. He witnessed to everybody. Yeah. Anyway, there was a man by the name of Steven Stween that when the when the message began to roll this way, he we gave permission for them to contact him since he lived here to work with the church. and he worked with the church I believe for five years or so. Then he discovered that he didn't want to pastor and I didn't want to come to De Moine, but God sent me anyway. Long story short, and from then on, Brother Keith, we would meet with him almost every Friday for breakfast and with other brothers. We just had a friendship and an understanding. We disagreed at times, but we never had a falling out. We always remain Christians in our disagreements until God will give one or the other or both the spirit of forgive forgiveness, however you want to say it. But tomorrow we'll be preaching and his wife who pretty much was a stranger to us and that we didn't get much fellowship with her. Uh she invited us to her house. The family called me family, my wife and I. She looked me in my eyes and she told me she loved me. And some of y'all don't know the background, but that was victory. So pray for her name is Joyce. Amen. That God will open her eyes to this message. Amen. Thank you for those of you who who called, those of you who gave me a word of encouragement. This has been one of the toughest times of my life. And I appreciated the encouragement. Even Pinuel encouraged me this morning. That that girl is spiritual, brother. Something about her. So we thank God for his grace and his mercy. Hallelujah. Let's stand and we'll have the word of God. I know I'll miss him, but I'm so happy for him. That might sound strange, but I am. I said to the Lord, what did he do to make you to to to so you favored him and took him home? I know the I know the answer to that, but but I thank God for his grace and his mercy. For those who watched brother Keith, you know that uh he was getting weaker after CO. He never was the same in his body. Then he was hit with it again. Some of you all may have not known or seen it. But things were not going well for him in his physical body. One thing I love about this situation. He did not suffer and I thank God for that. Yes, Lord. Amen. As we stand, let us turn to St. John 8:23. What was so real about him? Excuse me, but being a white man, he loved me. My color made no difference. And his friends, many of them were wealthy people. But he never was ashamed of me, and I appreciate that about him. St. John 8:23-25. And he said unto them, "Ye are from Did I say that right? Ye are from beneath. I am from above. Ye are of this world. I am not of this world. I said therefore unto I say that said therefore unto you that ye shall die in your sins. For if you believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins. Then said they unto him, "Who art thou?" And Jesus said unto them, "Even the same that I said unto you from the beginning." St. John 6 28- 29 Then say they unto him, "What shall we do that we might work the works of God? found yourself with the Jew. And Jesus answered and said unto them, "This is the work of God that you believe on him whom he hath sent." I tried to cut it down, but I don't know how well I did with that. I can't hardly breathe up here. It's so hot. Let us pray. Father God, we thank you for your grace and your mercy. We thank you for being so good to us. Lord, I know you call your son home. It's a beautiful situation. It's a journey that we all must take. But when I saw how excited he was about leaving, enthused about going, That's when I do know that the man had what he said he had. Lord, bless the saints of God here. Those who loved him and are broken in heart. I I pray that you would give them peace of mind. Comfort them in this time Lord of bereiement. Bless the service. Speak to our hearts. In your name Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. I'd like to entitle this message. This is the reality of Christ. As you know, the Bible calls us pilgrims and strangers. We We know that we're travelers. I got in my notes traveling from Earth to glory. But in reality, it's from glory to glory. Earth is just in the middle of it. Yes, sir. This time element that we're dealing with. Brother Random call it just a hick. Just a little hickey in in in time. Just a little drop uh in eternity. And and so we know that we're not here to stay, right? But the reality of Christ is throughout the whole Bible. Jesus Christ came to save. Not just a little bit. He came to save to the uttermost. But he told those Pharisees something. Except you believe that I am he. uh you shall likewise die in your sins. You got to understand that statement here. It was historically these Pharisees from generation to generation to generation. Amen. from Babylon all the way upon they they they they try to hold their traditions so that you'll know that the systems of the Pharisees and the Sadducees had adopted uh uh things from Babylon lost the feeling for the people. The synagogue became a place of debate and striving with the scripture to see who's right and who's wrong. So when Jesus came as a a little lad, I believe he was around 12 years old, here he was in the synagogue teaching them about the Christ, they marveled at his wisdom, and for those of you who heard uh the message there in Minnesota, here it was. Jesus trying to prove his supernatural birth. And here all of a sudden Mary comes and disrupted the whole thing uh by saying, "Joseph, your father and Ise, we were looking for you." Now, here's the thing. God always hides himself. He wants you to believe in him. And he said, "Except you believe that I am he, you shall likewise die in your sins." But then he hides himself. Everybody can't sin. Not even in this church world. Everybody do not see Jesus. Like the scripture says, we don't see all things. But we see Jesus. Maybe you you you you may not see a lot of miraculous things happening in your life, but one thing you need to be able to see is who Jesus is in your life. Hallelujah. Faith in itself is dimensional. You can't see it. You can't touch it. You can't smell it, but you can possess it. Hallelujah. It is more real. Excuse me. Excuse me. Some water, please. More real than the things that are visible. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many can say amen to that? Because the Bible says that things that are seen does not appear. It it is not because it's made from the unseen, right? I mean, we we we we we often go through our lives concentrating on the natural when we should be focusing on the supernatural. Because when you're born again, you're not born of this world. You're born of another world, another dimension. Hallelujah. Where angels become real. Hallelujah. The supernatural becomes natural. Let me say it again. Where angels become real. The supernatural becomes natural. It is so amazing that in the Old Testament, people who did not have Jesus Christ in them, they had him with them. But God visit him visited them with angels, an angel here, a angel there. They saw the supernatural. those who were true believers. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And now it's on record. That the God of of of Israel is the God of the bride. Jehovah of the old is Jesus Christ of the new. And one thing we do know, he does not change. This is the reality of Christ. He doesn't change and a lot of us can't experience it him because we don't that anointing is not there. The anointing is Christ. I want you to think about this. Jesus Christ was born the son of God. Is that right? He was able to do things even when he was a young fellow. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But he was not the anointed Messiah until the Holy Spirit came down on him and said, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased to dwell in." Y'all hear what I'm saying? It was then the fullness of the Godhead bodily dwelt in Jesus Christ. From that point on, demons trembled even at his presence. Now, if it's the same Holy Ghost, if it's the same Christ and you and I claim to have him on the inside, the demons are af or should be afraid of you like they were afraid of Jesus himself. Amen. Amen. You say, "Oh, brother." Paul, I know. Y'all know this the story of the sons ofKea. They tried to cast out devils. But those devils didn't know them. But the the devil know you. If you got the Holy Ghost, the devil know you. Why? Because that Holy Ghost is Christ. Remember I told you we cannot stay down here expecting to see a rapture. Hallelujah. We've got to come up. The mind of Christ must elevate himself in us. And the only way that will ever happen. We must yield to him is yielding is surrendering. Is getting out of God's way. That's what a gift is. Hallelujah. Hebrews 11 13-4 16, excuse me. I need y'all to pull on the gift. Don't make it harder for me. Hallelujah. Hebrews 11:13. Think about it. These people knew more about God than a lot of Christians do. That's right. They had a faith. Now, I don't even know why people say, "Well, Jesus wasn't real." Do you think disciple those disciples would have went to death over a fictitious story? No. He was real to them. Yeah, he was more real to them than the guillotine or or the lions in in in in in the circus. He was real to them. When they saw him as their battle act, that's what he was. When they saw him as as their defense, that's what he was. When they saw them as his their protector, that's what he was. There was no doubt whatsoever. See, when Christ comes in, the doubt has to go out. Praise God. Hallelujah. These all died in faith, not having received the promises, but having seen them a far off, and were persuaded of them, and embraced them, and confessed that they were what? strangers and pilgrims on the earth. And there and there is no way you can be a Christian and not be strange. Amen. The the Bible used the word peculiar, but it's still strange. And the reason why we're strained is because we designed to hear the voice of God. Hallelujah. You could be standing right by me. Or I could be standing right by you and God can speak to me and you won't hear him or he can speak to you and I won't hear him because we are on different frequencies. Hallelujah. We are living on a higher plane of all of this confusion. So much so this this day is called Satan Eden. This is Babylon. This is the darkest of all ages. Hallelujah. But in this time God has sheep and he said my sheep hearth my voice and a stranger they won't follow. Can y'all hear what I'm saying? You don't even know how blessed you are that you can hear this message that God sent by Malachi 4. Hallelujah. Many of people are not on the frequency. They can't hear it. They can't understand it. Hallelujah. And when you can see serpent seed, you have no idea. You're on another frequency. You're able to hear the voice of God. That's why Paul said, "We are now sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. You may not understand it, but right now I stand here." Hallelujah. on earth. But there is a representation of me. There's a representation of you that's in another dimension. Hallelujah. And that angel stands before the throne of God. And when he hears something concerning you, he comes down and whispers in your ear. Hallelujah. That's how come we know things and we don't know why we know them. Hallelujah. That's the reality of Christ. That's the reality of the anointing. When you are anointed in Christ, God said, did nothing. He said, I'm going to show you all the things that the Father revealed to me. I'm going to reveal them to you. Somebody help me here. See, this is what I love. God could have taken Keith anytime, but he prepared him. And the reason why he said to his wife, "Sorry, because I think she was trying to get him to the hospital." And he wasn't so stirred about what she wanted to do with that. So, they had a little something going on there, but God was rich in mercy. God must have quickened him just at that moment of time to say, "Honey, I'm sorry." Y'all understand me? God is good to us. Hallelujah. Let me keep reading it. These all died in faith, not having received the promises, but have seen them a far off and were persuaded of them and embraced them. Confess that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth. Hallelujah. For they for they that say such things declare plainly that they seek a country. This is not my home. I'm not trying to make it my home. I got to keep my eyes on that city. No, no matter what Abraham went through. Hallelujah. He said, I'm looking for a city whose builder and maker is God. Like brother said, when Abraham ended his journey, he said the city was just above him. Hallelujah. He had he doesn't have to search for it anymore. He's there. Somewhere in that dimension. You say, "Well, what do you mean, brother?" Jesus says, "According I don't want to go." Jesus said according to the word I go away to prepare a place for you that where I am there you might be so hallelujah and truly 15th verse if they had been mindful of that country from which they came out they may have had opportunity to have returned Amen. But now they desire a better country. I don't know about you with this world right here. I desire a better country that is an heavenly Wait a minute. A heavenly country where God is not ashamed to call to be called their God. Listen to the scripture. Wherefore God is not ashamed to be called their God. For he had, it doesn't say we have. He one prepared for them a city. Then Jesus must be God. He said, "I go away." He didn't say we. He said, "I I'm going in a way to prepare a place for you that where I am, there ye might be also." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So even so, in the Old Testament when they looked for him, they didn't understand and didn't know his name. Hallelujah. But they understood that God was the one who's building a city. Hallelujah. Amen. Is that right? Abraham met Mazdc. Hallelujah. And since he met after he met Mazdc, he was never the same. Hallelujah. And I'm going tell you something. Once you meet this MCDC, you'll never be the same. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. He prepared a place. See, even today, people are still questioning And you know, I always think you don't hear hardly anybody talking about Allah and Buddha and but you mention Jesus stir up Hollywood. So you you know he's right. When you tell people you love Jesus Christ is the Lord and in Hollywood, you stir up that harness nest. Hallelujah. cuz you know what that is. Oh my goodness. You say, "Well, what do you mean, brother Brooks?" We know what that is. Brother Vanam said, "Those Antalubian demons when they left out of the Euphrates, they landed in Hollywood." Hallelujah. So those demons are still there. I don't know why people are so surprised about what they doing there. The activities they're doing the same thing they did before the antluvian world. Hallelujah. One is not more evil than the other. They all devils. Oh my goodness. They're not even afraid to say they're selling their souls. You know what I'm to the devil. What y'all need to do is give your soul to God and be proud of it. There's no shame in being a Christian. Hallelujah. We're here today to prove that Jesus Christ still lives. Amen. Hallelujah. Matthew 16. Like I said, people are still debating Jesus. Some says he was just a coetan son. Some say he was a fake. Even Jews are still saying he was a fake. Yeah. That's that's willfully wanting to be blind. But when you see people who are atheists and they say it's just a a matter a figment of your imagination, just another religion, but remember what Jesus told those Pharisees who have grown up in the word. The prophet God said those Pharisees could just stick a finger anywhere and tell you what what was being said. I flip through my Bible and sometime like where is Nehemiah? Y'all understand me? Y'all laughing? But it's true. And the thing about it, these people were so apt in the scripture. They had scrolls. not pages like we have. But then Jesus said, "Except you believe that I am he." So it doesn't matter how much you can quote the scripture, how much you can quote the prophet, you must be born again. That's it. It's so simple to me. But we make it so complicated. Yeah. We Oh, if you don't believe the thunders, if you're not in Peruia, come on. We're in Christ. Hallelujah. And if you're in Christ, you're in the thunders. You're in Peruia. Whatever you want to call it. I think people just you become phariseic. We we t for t and we fail to see the kingdom of God is joy is peace is righteousness in the Holy Ghost. It ain't your doctrine. You could be ignorant as a rock and you have Jesus on the inside. That's all that matters. Hallelujah. Amen. Matthew 16:13-19 again when Jesus came into the coast of Cesaria Philippi he asked his disciples saying whom do men say that I the son of man am now this sound like a a question that sounds like okay brothers we're beyond that but I want you to understand what they're saying here and they say some say that thou art John the Baptist, some Elias, and others Jeremiah, or one of the other prophets. Ain't that amazing? Because even in their perception, they couldn't go beyond the Old Testament. They know there's no such thing as reincarnation. But some of these Jews are believing that the Christ has reincarnated himself and John the Baptist or Elias or Jeremiah or one of the other prophets and they failed to see y'all hear what I'm saying? They fail to see Jesus. That's why he asked the question and he said unto them, "But whom say ye that I am?" Now, I'm asking all y'all this morning. Who do you say Jesus Christ is? Oh, you say, "Oh, he's a message." Well, which one? Amen. Which one? Amen. Let's break. It's the truth. Oh, I believe the message, but which one? Because there have been so many offshoots from the original message. Hallelujah. You better know what you believe in. Hallelujah. And I don't care how deep a church get in their doctrine. If they don't believe in the Holy Ghost, they're not in the message. That's right. Amen. That's the truth. The Holy Ghost. So much so, Brother Brandham called this message Holy Ghost message. Go look it up. Hallelujah. And we've done just what everybody else has done. We're beyond Pentecost in theory. Come on. But when you get beyond Pentecost, you're going to do what Jesus. Y'all hear what I'm saying? The word is coming up to the word. It's two different things. Amen. Hallelujah. The Pentecostals of Isuzu Street were beyond the Methodists because they expressed it. It was an expression. It was a vindication. And this message is not intellectual. It's life. The life of Christ in you, the life of Christ in me. Hallelujah. So much brother, he kept preaching. These signs shall follow them that believe. These signs shall follow them that believe. Hallelujah. Many people think they believe when they don't. It is what it is. Say, hallelujah. You love the Lord. Whom do men say? Whom but whom do you say that I am? And I'm I'm not I'm just dwelling on this just a little bit. What What did Simon, thou art the Christ? Jump to the 18th verse. And I say also unto thee, thou art Peter. Why? Because Peter responded, I'm sorry, 16th verse. and and and Simon Peter answered and said, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." Do y'all understand what what he was saying there? Basically, he was saying, "You're God." Because in in in in the understanding of the Jewish people, when the Messiah come, he will be God. He'll be God in the flesh. Oh Lord, I feel like I'm climbing a hill. But nevertheless, This is the reality. I don't care. You got to understand your church energy ain't going to do you no good. I don't want nobody to be deceived. You could pay your tithe. You be you could be a deacon, a preacher, a usher, whatever. Musician, but without the Christ without God in you. I'm not. Oh, I felt him. Oh. Uhhuh. You can feel it, but you need to know where that feeling coming from. Huh? The devil can give you good feelings. Y'all hear me? Oh, you say, "Well, I was out in the flow dancing. I used to dance out there in the flow when I was in the world. Did you feel good? I felt super. I felt great. But that wasn't the Holy Ghost." Somebody help me here. It's the truth. is when you know that a change has taken place in your life. A change. And that's just the beginning. We're trying to mature. We want God to mature us. You you you got You can't do it. But we know that that life is in us. As long as that rain and that sunshine, all those seasons hit it, it's going to grow. Hallelujah. Glory to God. You love the Lord. Jesus Christ is still a mystery. There's so many people who don't even know whether they got it or not. So if you don't know whether you have it or not, it's still a mystery to you. Hallelujah. Why you say that? Because Jesus said in that day you will know. I'm in the Father. The Father's in me and I am in you. You say, "Well, brother, can't you get a little deeper? I don't think this you can get no deeper than the Holy Ghost because without it you can have all the that's what Paul says you can understand all mysteries and have not the Holy Spirit it profits you nothing I don't want to just know mysteries what that going to do for me it'll excite me yeah but I don't want to be reading somebody else's matter. You understand me? This Bible is mine and you got to claim it as your own when it speaks it speaks to me. It it speaks to you when you claim it as your own. See, Jesus Christ is still a mystery to the church world. They claim to know him. Do they really know him? Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. They're still debating. Sometimes even in church, we preach a word and we'll go out there and we'll debate. I know it used to be. I don't know how things are now, but my point is when fa you need to see what you're doing. Revelation is given by God. And you can debate all you want with somebody who can't see the revelation like you do. And your debating with them is not going to make them see. The mature way of getting next to a person or getting a person to see it's like Elijah Lord open their eyes. If you really got the truth revelation of the word, you don't beat a person on the head. You don't separate your family for it. Hallelujah. This is the reality of Christ by one spirit. We are baptized into one body. Hallelujah. And the body of Jesus Christ is not divided. Amen. Amen. I know it sound elementary, but there's so many of us that need we need the Holy Ghost. We need it. And I can't give it to you. God will, but you got to believe he will. If you're always doubting in your mind, can I say this? You'll never be worthy. If you get on your knees thinking because I'm praying, that's going to make me worthy. You are deceived. You can pray 24 hours a day. You'll never be worthy to receive the Holy Spirit. If that be the case, it becomes works. And it's not works. It's a gift. So you come to God just as I am. Just as I am. No, I'm not worthy, Lord. I'm not worthy to even call upon your name. But God, you promise. I like that. You promise me the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. And the only way I can get it is that you give it to me. Hallelujah. It's promised. You promised in Acts 2:38. Is that right? Repent. Be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. You receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. But you don't stop there. It goes on and on from glory to glory to glory. What are you saying, Brother Brooks? I don't want this church to be a church. I want to see this church. Be the bride of Christ. We can be religious, but the reality of Christ is power. this authority after which the Holy Ghost has come upon you, you shall receive power. He said, "Brothers, why you keep preaching on the Holy Ghost?" Cuz brother Brandon said, "Whatever you preach on, that's what you going to get." Hallelujah. And I know if I keep preaching it, it's going to strike somebody. All I need is one person. All I need is one true convert. Hallelujah. And it'll spread like wildfire. Hallelujah. It's the truth. Thank you, Lord. It doesn't mean you're going to be jumping up and down all the time, but one thing, it will give you, love for your brethren. Matthew Matthew 11:25. You love the Lord. I'm telling you these things because the pressure is coming. Y'all think it's hard now? No. It's going to get harder. But even brother Rich found a quote where brother said before they they they they start the system where you can't buy or sell. He said the bride of Jesus Christ will be gone before. So if you hear when they do that somewhere you've missed the boat. Everybody's waiting on that buy and sell. If you ain't doing good now, how you figure you going to do good later? Samson did bad for a long time so bad to they puncture his eyes out, burn him out. And all he could say is, "Oh Lord, once more. Brother, use that word possibility. There's a possibility that he'll hear me again. There's a possibility he will answer my prayer. Hallelujah. Don't ever give up on God cuz God will never give up on you. You're the bride of Christ, right? Verse 25. At that time Jesus answered and said, "I thank thee, oh Father, Lord of heaven and earth, because thou has hid these things from the wise and the prudent, and have revealed them unto babes." Amen. Hallelujah. Let me tell y'all something. The devil is so shrewd. He will blow his spirit of unbelief on you and you will think you see him when you don't see blind. Thinking you see you say what are you saying? The woman at the well. She said I know that when the Messiah come, he's going to do these things. She had the right vibration. You understand me? She had ears to hear. But then the Pharisees says, "No, he is of Bea." I'mma use the same thing that this note that brother Joseph used. I loved it. He said, "Chosi." I better put that last name on there. There's a lot of Josephs. But the point he said, which was so wonderful to me, he said, "Here was Jesus born in Bethlehem, Judea." God takes him from Bethlehem, Judea. Brings him down to Egypt to fulfill the word. I will call my son out of Egypt. From Egypt, he goes to Nazareth. And the whole time he's setting a platform to blind the Jews to who Jesus was. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You understand me? Because there was no prophet that was to was to come out of Nazareth. So much so they said could any good thing come out of Nazareth. Think about it. Out of all the virgins, Jesus picked a virgin, God picked a virgin that was already engaged, a spouse to another man. Hallelujah. And then she gets pregnant. And you would have been there. You would have thought the same way. There ain't no way. No way that this could be so that's Joseph's baby or somebody's baby. Y'all hear me? So and it it it went that way for a long time. So much they said to Jesus, we be not born of fornication. So the rumor still lived and that blinded the Jews because because there was not to be a prophet. coming out of Nazareth. Hallelujah. Let me let me say it like this. That's what blinds our world. It's not written that a prophet would come out of America. Hallelujah. Yeah. And then what God did, his his grand his mother was a habreed of some sort and his daddy was a drunkard. Hallelujah. It blinded the people. And here he was an uneducated man. Hallelujah. In an educated world. Hallelujah. Is that all right? It blinded the people. Hallelujah. But they asked Jesus, "What are the works that we must do to inherit eternal life?" And the scripture says, "Believe on him who I have sent." And God sent a prophet in this day. And we must believe on that prophet. Hallelujah. That's only works God called for you. Because everything else is grace. Praise grace grace. Hallelujah. People don't understand it, but this is the reality of Christ. You couldn't Who was Noah? Noah was Christ for his day. Hallelujah. And if you didn't follow Noah, you didn't get on the boat. Hallelujah. Who was Moses? Moses was Christ for his day. Hallelujah. And if you didn't follow Moses, hallelujah, didn't come out of Egypt. Somebody help me here. And that's why when Jesus came on the scene, he said, "Except you believe that I am he, you should likewise die in your sins." Then God slipped in a prophet. Hallelujah. in the Gentile age. There's nowhere in the scripture that says that the Gentiles will ever have a prophet. But God sent us Malachi 4. Y'all better hear what I'm saying. And except you believe in him, you shall likewise die in your sins. Glory to God. That's the word of God. That's how Christ works. But it doesn't stop there. God has a bride who's resounding the word of Malachi 4. Except you believe in the bride, you shall likewise die your sin. Hallelujah. Because we're carrying the same message. Hallelujah. You know, God makes us strange like that. You're strangers. Hallelujah. People say, "Oh, y'all a cult." Well, if we was a cult, so was Jesus. Jesus Jesus had 12 disciples. Many of them lost their job, quit their jobs, and everything to follow Jesus. Come on, somebody. Don't get quiet. We're not a cult. Many churches are there. Baptist cults, Methodist cults. Whatever you br you you it is but not the bride of Jesus. Hallelujah. She has one husband. There's only one who rules her and that's the Lord Jesus Christ. Y'all better hear what I'm saying. She's led by his spirit, not the spirit of a man, not the spirit of a church. She's led by his spirit. Come on, somebody. When brother Brandham, he could have been any a part of anybody's church. They would have loved to have him. He would have brought millions into their organization. But he didn't believe he didn't belong to nobody but Jesus. He was quite strange. Is that right? Why was he strange? Because he was a stranger. He was a pilgrim just like you are. Hallelujah. You mean to tell me you got a flight to catch? And the Holy Spirit is talking to you and tell you to keep walking. Think about it. Keep walking. And he's walking into the colored area. Oh, come on, somebody. Y'all, the reality of that, if I was a white man walking through the colored area in that time and day, I would have been singing, "I'm so glad I'm one of them, too." There's a human element in there. But he was he he knew he had to follow the spirit. And when it came to this old mother, she was resting. I can see it right in my head right now. Resting on the fence. And when he came by, she says, "How param." He said, "How do you know I'm a par?" He said, "Cuz the Lord done showed me." Hallelujah. See, that's what I'm talking about. Elevating yourself into a place where you can hear the voice of God. Here it was. Here it was. Her son had a social disease. And she knew he was going to die. Hallelujah. She didn't care about his dying. She just wanted him to die saved. Somebody help me here. See, I have children that go away with it. Those things don't bother me. The only thing I want to see them save. Hallelujah. I want Christ in their lives. Hallelujah. And I'm waiting on it. Hallelujah. I believe it and I'm waiting on it. Hallelujah. One thing about it, Brother said, when that old auntie prayed, he said, you know, she had talked to God before. Amen. That's what I'm talking about. You ask somebody to pray, you can tell whether they done them prayed to God before. Hallelujah. God is so good. Y'all see what I'm saying? That's the reality of Christ. The reality of Christ is that he'll have you doing strange things. People will look at you like you're crazy. Hallelujah. Like building a boat on a mountain. Hallelujah. And that's what he called Noah to do. There was no water, but Noah built it. Hallelujah. Because God told him, and whether the whether scientists know know this or not, but his boat, that ark was better than the Titanic. Hallelujah. Not only was it better, it was bigger. Somebody help me here. You said, "Well, brother, what are you saying?" See, God will tell you to do some strange things, and I I told y'all one time, God said, "Get up, brother. $50." I said, "Lord, that's all I have." And he said, "That's all I asked for." It sound like a joke, but it happened. Shortly after that, I received $500 in the mail from somebody I didn't even know, they said they heard me online and was blessed by the message and they sent me $500. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Let me tell y'all something. You You be like the woman where the meal will never run out. You give God first and you'll be surprised how the money flows. See the problem with with us, we don't understand the mathematics of God. Hallelujah. I can see that old lady with those two mice coming. That's all she got is two mice. We don't know how old she was. We don't even know how long she lived after them. But she put in two mites and she got eternal life. and then was put in the the uh the book of fame. God's book of fame. Y'all hear what I'm saying? How crazy would you be? You done lost the axe. You done lost a axe head. How how it goes? You You done Oh, I can't. But anyway, God God and you throw a rock or something and y'all know a stick, whatever it was and then the axe head float if we saw. Amen. Brother Bam, throw up. And all of a sudden, he throws up the sand or whatever it was. And here come the pillar of fire whirling down. And he tells everybody, "Duck, I was there. Not there, but there. I went to that place and that place at the time looked like the very hill of Goltha. I've been to Israel and I was there. And where those three crosses was formed in the mountain, I seen for myself. Like I told y'all before, I had a few pyramid rocks back in the day. But Christians, they do steal, you know. Yeah. That's why I we stopped putting air fresher in the bathrooms. They run out too quick and we know better. I know that sound rough, but it's a truth. People said, "Well, I pay my tithe. I You know, people do things and they don't know it's wrong." But that's what we do. People do things and and they don't realize that, you know, we we're sheep. We're sheep. And just like I said, when you're spiritual, you get both sides of the story. You you can be influenced by God easily. And then you can be fluenced by the devil easily if you're not careful. I'm almost done. St. John 10. I'm almost done. You love the Lord, people. This is reality. You you got to you got to come up. We we counting not counting our pennies and oh my God Lord look at this. How many of y'all know that God multiplies? That's the scripture. And if you could take God's mathematics and really believe it and hold on to it, God don't mind you saying to him, "Lord, your word say, I believe your word. Your word say that makes God feel good. Your word say and and when you make God go to God like that, you're not being disc." The Bible said we can go boldly before the throne. We're children of God. And we must come to understand by God's grace. Amen. That God hears us even before we call. But can't work with unbelief. Can't do it. Like I tell somebody, I say, "You sick and you have prayer." And the moment you look at that thermometer, you might as well get prayer all over again. You just broke it cuz you wasn't healed. If your your your thermometer goes down, your temperature go No, no, no, no. You healed instantly. Whether the temperature go up or down, you'll yield instantly. If you truly believe, God will bring it to pass. Amen. Devil tricky, you know. He's tricky. St. John 10 27:33. I'm closing on this. My sheep hearth my voice and I know them and they follow me and I give unto them eternal life and they shall never perish neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand. If you can't rest on that I don't know what to say your salvation if you if you know you got it. First of all, if you can hear the message, it's a blessing. And all you got to do is receive it like like the prophet of God said, even though I was listening to the Hebrew series this morning, he said Jesus done did all the saving. He's healed everybody, but you got to accept it. He said, "People are lost not because of their wrongdoings, but because they failed to accept the atonement that Jesus Christ has provided for them. You're already healed." He said, "This lady got got on him because he pronounced and said she was her faith healed her, her husband, her husband, excuse me. But a week or so later, her husband died." He never said, "Thus said the Lord." He said because if I say thus said the Lord regardless to what you thought or feel it was going to happen but because I said you heal your faith heals you and he died a week or so later. She blamed brother Brandham for it. See you can have faith today and the devil make you doubt later. You said that's the truth right. Peter come. Peter start walking on the water. faith had him walking on the water. And when he began to see all the things happening around him, he began to doubt. He began to falter. Hallelujah. The l the thing that I love about Jesus that even when you get ready to sink, he's right there to reach out to you. He's right there. That's that's the reality of Christ. He cannot fail you. He can't. The problem is we fail him. And you got to you got to understand if God says no. Amen. Amen. Amen. Some things we go through, God allow us to go through. I'm getting ready. I'm getting ready to close. Is that right? That was the difference between Billy uh or Roberts and brother Brandham. Or Roberts would pray for any and everybody and they would get healed. And brother Brandon said, "When you pray for somebody and they get healed, you better know you pray in the will of God." Cuz sometime God put things on people. And if you take them off, then God get angry with you. That's why he had a discernment. Let me find out where the sin is. Hey, in all your ways acknowledge him. Is that the truth? You can't even help everybody financially. You got to know it's the will of God. Amen. They said, "Well, you're a Christian." Yeah, I'm a Christian. But was Jesus a Christian? Hallelujah. He was the first. Amen. Is that true? At at the pool of Bethesda, did he heal everybody? No. No. There's some people you just uh you know, I'm finding that out. I'm finding that out. I need to ask God, is this your will? But I I have not found a place where I have not found the will of God. Whenever I moved in the way I moved, I moved. So I had never regret it. But I'm learning. maybe in a family way. I'm learning from, you know, because anyway, I'm not going to get into that. But my point is when people don't live right, you need to check and see what they doing. Why are you in this condition? Because if they don't straighten the condition, they're going to repeat repeat repeat, right? You know, some people don't like to work. Now, I'm not throwing up. I'm just saying. Maybe I shouldn't have said that, but because I don't feel like that about nobody here, but I I know some people that that's in my family. Let me put that. They don't like to work. But they don't they don't mind saying, "Give me." Paul said, "If you don't work, you don't eat." Now, he ain't talking about some of y'all who who you can't help. You know, you done lost your job. That's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about people who who who just love to leech on people. I don't know. I'm talking to somebody, but I don't know who I'm talking to. But my point is, in all that you do, make sure you're doing it under the spirit of the Lord Jesus. Giving is not a problem with me. And I try to be whatever God wants me to be. I don't care. I don't I'm not a lover of money, though I know some of y'all think I am, but I am not. You know, I don't care about fame, cuz if I cared about fame, I wouldn't be here. Hallelujah. and I've been faithful to my wife. There's not a woman out there, y'all understand me, who can say I did nothing. So, by the grace of God, you love the Lord. Now, I want you to understand that as a people of God, it's our duty to help one another. Now I say what I said but it is our duty but not but not to get glorification. I'm almost done. I know I'm over about 15 minutes. Not to get glorification. You're not here to get glorification. But there should be nobody in this church suffering and you know about it and you won't help. Oh, y'all getting quiet now. Jesus said, "When was I sick and you visited me?" Remember that's in Matthew 25 talking about the virgins wise and foolish and wise. When I was naked, when did you close me? When I was hungry. You see, the bride of Jesus Christ is so so she's supposed to function such a in such a way. She function in a way that when I do something for you, don't tell nobody. You understand me? It ain't on everybody's business. So, cuz God laid it on your heart to do that for that person. Y'all hear what I'm saying? And you, that's the way it's supposed to be. We supposed to work. And some of y'all got more money than I do. And won't even buy your b brother a burger. No, it ain't right. None of us should be suffering like that. Am I wrong in saying this? You know, I said it like this in closing. So, you won't think I ain't picking on nobody, but I know a lot of people not long ago lost their job. And I know at times they probably needed help. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I wondered how many of us helped each other. Please don't raise your hand. Amen. But it's a shame if we did not. That's not the love of God. That's not the reality of Christ. You understand me? So if there be anybody here in need and you know they're in need, they didn't they didn't ask me. Why should they have to ask? If you know they need it, why? Why? If you know their need, why do they have to ask? Go knock on the door. Put something in their hand. And say, "Don't tell nobody." Amen. I guarantee you, God will multiply what you got. I'm trying to tell you, I'm trying to help you. You can't tell me you love me and you say I see me in need and won't help me. I'm just using me as an example. Well, I don't like that, sister. You need to be saved. That's just all to it. You need to be saved. And it ain't all the pastor's job to do it all. Y'all supposed to be doing something. I can't say it enough and I don't know why I'm on this, but I have to stay on it until he says I'm done. People in this church are needing and you guys are gossip about it. You talk about it, but gossiping and talking ain't going to put nothing on the table. Amen. In closing, my wife is a witness. I'm not going to name the people, but one day they just brought a couple of bags of groceries by the house. And these people may not be even Christians to you all, but they did something Christian-like. I'll never forget them and I will always pray for them and I pray whatever when if that's if what if doing that it's going to give them eternal life so Lord let it be right so don't think I'm asking for growth we got plenty but I'm using that as an example. Don't let your brother suffer or your sisters suffer unnecessarily. The body, the blood, it it goes through the entire body. Are y'all hearing? Are you understanding? Let's stand. The Bible said that you'll know that they are the disciples of Christ because of the love they have one toward another. If you're making a million, you got a lot of interest. You could actually help somebody who has You understand what I'm saying? I just pray that somehow, see, we the church of God is not divided. It's it's one and we must understand, we must work together. Yeah. If if I'm not helping somebody, it's only because I don't know you need help. And sometime people they they they they they live in pride. But my old mother said to me, "Junior, pride ain't never fed a man. Pride will never fill your stomach." And Jesus even said, "You have not because you ask not." We are the richest and most wealthiest people on earth. naturally and spiritually potentially we can do what I say a a quantum leap a quantum leap leap of faith take your level of faith to a higher standard to a higher place don't believe just for you believe for your brethren teamwork is I know you can do it I know you can do it. That's how team works. That's how the church supposed to work. We supposed to We supposed to actually positively speak well of one another. You see somebody down, pick them up. You see somebody stumble, you don't have to go tell everybody. Keep it. Love covers a multitude of sins. correct your brothers and sisters in love. Nobody nobody like being corrected. But when that approach is right when they know you honest, they know you sincere. They know you want to help, they'll receive it and they'll thank you down the road. Let's love each other like we love Christ and like Christ love us. Hallelujah. I'm trying to um Oh, what's that song I said I was going to sing tomorrow? That's one. Huh? The goodness of God. Give me a good key so I don't know. [Music] [Music] I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails. Keep it in your All of my I've been held in your [Music] hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. Yes, Lord. All my life you have is so so good. In every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in the darkest nights. You are close like no other. I know you as a father. I know you as a friend. Oh, I have lived in the goodness of God. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. Yes. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am made, hey, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. I love your voice. Everybody sing it. You have led me through the fire. In the darkest nights, you are close like no other. I know you as a father. Hey, I know you as a friend and I have live in the goodness of God. All you have been faithful. Oh, you have so good. Every day that I am. [Music] Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes. Your goodness is running after them. Running after me. Your goodness is running after running after me. my life later. I surrender now. I give everything. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after [Music] me. Now I give you everything. Yes. Your goodness is running after running after me. All my life you [Music] have so all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am made. Oh, I will sing for the goodness of God. And all my life you have been faithful. Yes. All my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am made, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. One more time. Yes. I will sing of the goodness of God. Yes, I will sing of the goodness of [Music] God. Amen. Amen. I hope you heard something this morning. on the way of Christ. We are a body. One of these old days, I'm just going to do a lesson on the love of God. Cuz you can't love God if you can't love his people. Y'all hear what I say? Loving God is loving his people. And if Christ is in you, you said, "Oh, I don't know about that, brother Brooks." Brother Bannon was in Mexico, I believe it was, Africa, whichever one it was. He saw a man with no shoes, and he took his shoes off to give that man. How many of us would do that? This is my last last pair of shoes. Well, you always buy some more. You got many at home. But y'all understand what I'm saying? You should never think about what what I already have. You love the Lord. God taught me when I used to go to Africa and stuff. People say, "Oh, I love your towel. Say you can have it." But I always had in the back of my mind, "I can get me another one just like that." Right. That what what was that? That really wasn't love. That wasn't that was performance. That was religion. Love is when you can give and you don't know what what's going to come back to you. Love don't look for something back. You just you just do it. And that's what you should do people of God to one another. And don't blow no trumpet. Oh, I did this and that and the other cuz I'm I'mma close on this note. How many times God has dealt and done for you? Do you think God has a list? Well, I did this for him, did that for him, did this for him, did that for him. I just have done so much for him. I'm not going to do nothing else. That's not in God's vocabulary. That's not in his his way of doing things. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. You give when you don't have to give. Give it anyway. And watch God bless you. Amen. Let's have a word of prayer. Father God, a lot has been said. I trust that those who were hearers, they were not just listeners, but they heard the cry. The way of Christ never changes. You told that Shunomite woman, "Fix me bread first. And sometimes that's where you are. You we do strange things Lord. But those of us who are on the right frequency, we hear your voice and we do to do to each other or for each other what we hear. We help one another without looking for help in return. We love each other without looking for love in return. Lord, you even said that we ought to love our enemies. Hallelujah. Help us, Lord, that we'll break down these walls, these traditional way of thinking from the pull pit to the back of the door. Help us now that we would we we would love to give because the Bible says blessed is the cheerful giver. Help us now. Bless this family. Bless Lord this family. Anoint them with your spirit of Christ. Open our eyes to see and our hearts receive one another to know that Christ lives in us. In your name Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. [Music] The brother needs prayer. [Music] I've seen how faithful he comes with his mom. And Lord, I know that the experience that he has is beyond his mother's influence. I pray, Father God, hallelujah, that you continue to bless him, Lord. Amen. Strengthen him. He's a young man and in this day, Lord God, it's hard for young people. But I pray that you will protect him, keep his eyes focused on you, Lord. May this be the best year that he's ever lived. And may he live it in you, Lord Jesus. May the joy of the Lord overflow him. And I pray, Father God, whatever he sets his feet to do or hands to do, you would cause it to pro prosper, Lord. But most of all, we pray that you prosper his soul. Let him grow into that perfect stature of Christ. Amen. Let him be that stranger among strange people, Lord, that they may know that he's a Christian. Grant it, Lord. Bless him now in your name, Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. [Music] more. The more you lift me up and every day I live [Music] more, the more that I surrender. Yes. lighter. The brothers can collect the offering. The more that I release my cares, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. And every day I live. Lord, I love you more the more that I surrender. Yes. The lighter my Lord, the more that I release my cares, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. And every day I live. Lord, I love you [Music] more. Every day I live. Lord, I love you, Lord. And every day I live, Lord, I love you more. Amen. Uh we have a few announcements to make. So we are reminded that at the end of this month, which is uh next Sunday, the 30th of March, We have brother Gio from New York coming to uh preach for us. So let's remember uh those meetings in prayer and um this March as well is our contribution collection uh month. So, um, by the end of the month, we are aiming, as we all discussed, to raise $5,000 for the month of March for building funds. Just a reminder, in January, we failed to reach our 5,000 goal. We collected 1,900 instead of 5,000. So there was a very big we had a very big shortfall in that. So um yeah, just a reminder so that March we can do the collection and we are aiming for 5,000 I was talking to the pastor. So if this month we are not able to meet our goals as we all discussed if it is not sustainable for everyone. So we'll come back with a report at the end of the march with whatever we would have collected. Then a reminder uh brother Keith's funeral is uh being held tomorrow. We sent out the details in the uh in the church WhatsApp group and an email as well. WhatsApp. So the place is in Hamilton funeral home and uh the program supposed to start um visitation is from 11:30 to 12:30 the ceremony 12:30 to 1:15 12:30 to 1:15 there is the ceremony fellowship Sorry. 12:30 to 1:15 there's a ceremony. Then 1:15 to 3:30 we have the fellowship with the food. That's when the burial is supposed to take place. But the burial is only set aside for the family. So the rest of us won't be able to go except for the pastor. So if you are open and um you are available tomorrow, it'll be good to give our brother um a farewell. Amen. Amen. And uh brother John has a reminder for Sunday Sunday school and um the camp collections that people are supposed to make. So those people who are committed that they're going please uh pay those amounts um so that the registration can be made and you won't miss out. [Music] Yeah. So, you can pay through the ch church z and you can just put the the amount what it is or that it is for the camp or you can put in an envelope and just specify what that is. Is there anything else? Uh, Sunday school. Oh, we have a Sunday school report. Uh, just a Sunday school report. Uh, short report for the adult um adult Sunday school report was we did a quiz based on Exodus chapter 1, two, and three. That was the homework that was given to the kids last time. And uh, a great improvement for this time about uh all the kids had about 90% uh of the grades for that quiz and so individually was done individually. So that's a great improvement from from last time. So congratulations on all the kids for doing their homeworks and no homework for today because we're starting a new lesson for next Sunday and improvement. for the kids on this call that's led by sister divine. Um they did a they did learn about Jesus love for the little children and seven kids showed up and the homework for them is going to be the parents will help the kids do an act of kindness and uh and then they will report what they have done next Sunday. And that's all for Sunday school. Amen. So parents, please let us help our children with the Sunday school because it also because it does also reflect on you. Amen. As we're getting dismissed saying standing on the promises of God. Amen. Just turn around and shake your neighbor's hand and say, "Are you still [Music] happy on the promises of Christ, my king, through eternal ages, let his praises ring. Glory in the highest, I will shout and sing. Standing on the promises of God. Oh, I'm standing, standing, standing on the promises of God, my Savior. Standing, standing. I'm standing on the promises of God. Standing on the promises that cannot fail. And storms of doubt and fear are sealed. By the living word of God, I shall prevail. I'm standing on the promises of God. Oh, I'm standing, standing, standing on the promises of God, my savior. Oh, standing. I'm standing on the promises of God. Standing on the promises I now can see. Perfect present cleansing in the blood for me. Make free. I'm standing on the promises of God. Oh, I'm [Applause] standing, standing, standing on the promises of God, my Savior. Standing, standing. I'm on the promises of God. Standing on the promises of Christ the Lord. Bound to him eternally, beloved. Strong cord, overcoming daily with a spirit sword. Oh yes, I'm standing, standing, standing on the promises of God, my savior. Staying standing there. I'm standing on the promises of God. Standing on the promises I cannot fail. Listening every moment to the spirit's call. Resting in my savior as my all in all. I'm standing on the promises of God. Oh, I'm standing. Yes, I'm standing on the promises of God. My savior. Standing. [Music] Standing. I'm standing on the roof. Oh yes. I'm standing, standing, standing on the promises of God, my Savior. Standing, [Music] standing. I'm standing on the promises of God. Heat. Heat. [Music]
