################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-30 - Making That Real Connection   Pastor Isiah Brooks  Sun 33025 - Isiah Brooks.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-30
Title:   Making That Real Connection  // Pastor Isiah Brooks // Sun 3/30/25
Speaker: Isiah Brooks
Church:  Higher Ground Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_AFavecG3g
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. I'm not happy to be in the house of the Lord this Sunday morning. Let us stand upon our feet and sing this song in the presence of Jehovah. in the [Music] presence of [Music] Jehovah God Almighty, Prince of Peace. [Music] Trles vanish heart manage in the prayer. [Music] Oh. Oh. In the [Music] presence of [Music] Jehovah, God Almighty. Prince of [Music] peace, trles vanish, what a manage in the presence. [Music] Yes. One more time. Sing in the presence. In the presence of Jehovah. [Music] [Music] Almighty prince of peace, trles, hearts [Music] unended in The [Music] praise of the king in the [Music] presence of the king in the presence of the king. Amen. How many are happy to be in the house of the Lord this Sunday morning? Amen. Let us sing this song. Draw me nearer. Draw me nearer. Amen. Am thine, oh Lord. I have heard thy voice and it told thy love to me, but I long to rise in the arms of faith and be clothed. Closer drawn to thee. Oh, draw me nearer, nearer. Blessed Lord to the cross with [Music] thou my Lord. Draw me nearer nearer. Blessed [Music] Lord to thy praisees. Bleed inside. Consecrate me Lord me now to thy serve by the power of grace divine. of grace. Lord, let my [Music] soul look up with that still. Ye I pray Lord will build. Oh yeah, our cry Lord draw me near. Hearer, hearer, blessed Lord to thy cross with thou has died. Draw me nearer, nearer. Blessed Lord to thy prayer of the just lead and sound. Oh, the pure delight of first single hour that before thy throne I spend. Oh Lord, when I kneel in prayer and with them my God, I commune as friend. Oh, draw me [Music] nearer, nearer, nearer. Blessed oh to the cross where thou has died. Draw me [Music] nearer nearer. Blesses Lord to thy precious bleed inside. There are a dance of love that I can not know till I cross the narrow sea. [Music] rise of joy that I may rest till I rest in peace. [Music] Oh, that's our prayer. Lord, draw me nearer. Nearer, blessed Lord, to thy cross. Where thou has died, my Lord, draw me nearer. [Music] Dear blessed [Laughter] Lord to thy praisees. One more time. Draw me nearer. Draw me nearer. Dear blessed Lord to thy cross where thou has died. Draw me [Music] nearer nearer blessing. Oh, to thy precious bleed inside. To thy precious bleed inside. Amen. As we're getting ready to get into prayer, let us sing this song. I just want to be where you are. Amen. I just want to be where you [Music] are, dwelling daily in your presence. I don't want to worship from afar. Draw me near to where you are. [Music] I just want to be where you are. Dwelling in your presence. Feasting at your table. Surrounded by your glory. Oh Lord, it's in your presence. That's where I'll always want to [Music] be. I just want to [Music] be. Oh Lord, I just want to be where you are. dwelling daily in your presence. Oh, I don't want to worship from afar. No Lord, but draw me near to where you are. I just want to be where you are, dwelling in your presence. Fasting at your table, surrounded by your glory. Oh Lord, as in your presence, that's where I'll always want to [Music] be. I just want to be. I just want [Music] you, oh Lord, I just want to be where you are. Yes Lord, dwelling daily in your presence. Oh Lord, I don't want to worship from hopeless. Lord, draw me near to where you are. I just want to be where you are. Dwelling in your presence, feisting at your table, surrounded by your glory. Oh Lord, it's in your presence. That's where I'll always want to be. I just want to be. I just want to be with you. Oh Lord. Yes. It's in your presence. That's where I'll always want to be. I just want to be I just Amen. We can all pray as the music keeps on playing. Just talk to your maker this morning. Say, Lord, I never want to depart, oh God, from your presence each and every day of my life. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hello. Hello. [Music] [Music] [Music] tried with thanksgiving. We [Music] believe to for [Music] you [Music] Lordare to wear pure and holy and true thanksgiving. I'll be [Music] aing sanctuary for you. [Music] Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true, and I'll be leaving sanctuary for you. Lord, prepare me to be a [Music] sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and [Music] true with thanksgiving. I'll be a livinging sanctuary for Oh Lord, prepare me. Lord, prepare me. sanctuary, pure and [Music] holy, tried out and true. And with thanksgiving, I'll be earlying sanctuary. Oh Lord, prepare me. Lord, prepare me. Yes, Lord. Pure and [Music] holy, tried and true, and with thanksgiving. [Music] living [Music] sanctuary for the last time. God prepare me. [Music] Oh Lord, pure and [Music] holy, tried and true. And with thanksgiving, I'll be a living sanctuary for you. Amen. How many happy to be the house of the Lord this Sunday morning? Amen. Just shake your neighbor's hand and say, "Welcome into the house of the Lord." Amen. There's no better place to be on a Sunday morning than in the house of the Lord. Amen. Amen. [Music] Let's sing this song. Jehovah is your name. Amen. Oh Jehovah is your name. Oh Jehovah is your name. Jehovah is your name. Oh J, that's your name. You are a mighty warrior. Mighty warrior. strong in battle take over. That's your name. You are my waror strong in battle. Jehovah is. Let us worship him. J [Music] over. Yes. Oh Lord, that's your name. Yes. You are. Jehovah is your name. day over as he fought your battles for you. See, you are mighty warrior, mighty warrior. You're strong. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Jehovah, that's your Oh, you are a mighty warrior. Mighty warrior strong in battle. Jehovah. Jehovah is your [Music] name. Gyra, that's your [Music] name. You provide for us. That's your name. Yeah. Raer, that's your [Music] name. For you are a mighty warrior, mighty waror, strong in battle. Jehovah, that is your name. You are a mighty warrior. Warrior, strong in battle. Jehovah. Oh, let's call it his name one more time. Jehov is your name. Oh Lord, you heal us [Music] Lord. Jehovah Shalom, you're our peace. [Music] Jehovah. Oh Jehovah. [Music] Oh, you are a mighty warrior. You're strong in battle. Jehovah, that is Oh, you are a mighty warrior. Mighty warrior. strong in battle. Oh, you are a mighty warrior, my mighty warrior, strong Jehovah, no one else. You are a mighty warrior. Oh well, take over. You are a mighty warrior. Mighty warrior. strong in battle. Jehovah is [Music] your Jehovah is your [Music] name. Jehovah is your name. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a clap offering. Amen. How many can say he's been Jehovah to me? He's been my Jehovah Jara. Hallelujah. He's been my provider. He has healed me. He has been my peace. He has been my banner. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. Let us sing this song. All the blood of Jesus, it washes me white as snow. Amen. The Bible says, even though your sk your sins were as red as scarlet, but he will clean you up to make you white as snow. How many can say that's my testimony this morning? Oh, the blood of Jesus. Yes. Oh, the blood of Jesus. Oh, the blood of Jesus. The blood. of Jesus. Precious blood. Oh, the blood of Jesus. Yes. Oh, the blood of Jesus. [Music] Worshiped. One more time. Sing the blood of Jesus. Yes. Oh. I've seen the precious [Music] blood. It was I know it was the blood. Oh, the blood of Jesus. Oh, the blood of Jesus. Precious blood of Jesus, it washes home. Oh, what can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. What can make me whole? for again nothing but the blood I'm singing precious oh precious is the Lord that why as no other found I know as nothing but the I'm singing. Oh precious if the Lord that makes me white as snow no other nothing but the blood of Jesus is nothing can for sin And I told it's nothing but the blood of Jesus. It's not of good. Nothing. Nothing. [Music] Oh, I'm singing in the flow that makes me what has no other, nothing, nothing. Oh now by this alone nothing [Music] nothing now by this fresh my nothing but the blood. Oh, [Music] precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other bound I go. Nothing but the blood of singing. Glory, glory, glory. Thus I say nothing but the blood. Singers all my praise. This I bring nothing but the blood. I'm singing. Oh precious. Oh, precious is the Lord that wise as no other, no other. It's nothing, [Music] nothing. Oh, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was yours, he died upon the cross. Yes, I know it was. How many can say I know. I know. Yes, I know. Yes, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. Oh, one day when I was lost, yes, he died. Yes, I know it was the blood. It was Jesus precious blood. His precious blood. It save me. Yeah. For me. Oh, one day when I was lost, it died upon. I know it was Jesus precious blood. It was Jesus precious blood that covers me. Oh, it was Jesus precious blood for me. Oh yes. One day when I was lost, oh, he died. Yes, it was Jesus precious. How many know he's coming back for you? Oh, I know he's coming back. I know he's coming back. Yes, I know he's coming back for me. Oh, yes. One day when I was lost, yes, he died up. I know. I [Music] know. I know. He's coming back. Yes. I know he's coming back. I know he's coming back. Oh yeah. [Music] I know. I know. Let's sing it one more time. I know he's coming back. I know he's coming back. Yes. He's coming for me. He's coming back for me. Oh yes. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. [Music] Oh, I know. I know. I know. It was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was old, he died upon the cross. Yes, I [Music] know there is power. There is power. Power. Wonder work as in the blood. Oh, there is power. So much power. It's in the precious blood of the lamb. Yes. Woo. from there. So much power, healing power. Yes. Would you be ber? There's so much power. Oh, there is power, power, power. Always in the blood. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power. Blood of the Would you be free from your passion and [Music] pride? There is power. So much power come forth cleansing Calvin. Oh there is wonderful. Oh there is power wonder. Oh, it's in the blood of them. There is [Music] power, wonder working power in the presence of the lamb. Oh, hold your bell wider, much wider that there is power. So much power, healing power. Sin stays the lost in life. Oh, there's wonderful power. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood, in the blood of the lamb. of the lamb. Power, power, power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Let's give God a round of applause, please. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. I've got a few announcements. We're going to have a baptism, our brother Diego, right? We'll be baptizing him in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. We also have a prayer request for the Britain family, a good friend of mine. Uh they once lived in New York, but they're now live in York North Carolina. North Carolina on the 27th of this month. Uh e I who was only 21 years old uh was killed in an accident. We want you to pray for him. Pray pray for his family rather. Amen. Um God knows how to do things. We also want to pray for my best, one of my best friends, Brian Barnes. He's brother Stanley Barnes's son. He was in a collision last night. He's doing fine, but he total his car that he he just purchased. So, he's he's really um upset. He's a young man, too. I want to say to the young people, you can't think because you're young. Uh death and bad trials won't knock on your door. It seems like there's a spirit now that's moving in the land. So, I want to really, you know, encourage the young people, be watchful, uh be careful, but most of all, make sure you're prayed up. Amen. You may be seated just for a moment. Uh my precious that's one of the reasons why brother Gio is not here this morning. Of course this is a dear friend of his family actually brother Ivonne from New York basically raised this this young man in his church. So they are all grieving really hard because it came at an unexpected time. So let's just have a word of prayer quickly. You may remain seated. Father God, we come before you, Lord. We pray for the Britain family. Lord, we pray for the Barnes family as well. Lord, especially for the Britain's Lord. They have lost one of their children, one of their younger ones. Lord, I pray, Father God, that you comfort them in this time of bereiement. Give them strength, Lord God. And Lord, we'll be careful to give you the praise, the glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. [Music] Jesus, Jesus. At the mention of your name, every knee shall bow, every tongue proclaim. [Music] Jesus, Jesus, you are savior, you are Lord, and you are God. [Music] Jesus, [Music] Jesus. At the mention of your name, every knee shall bow, every plump came. [Music] Jesus, Jesus, you are savior, you are Lord and you are God. There is a name I love to hear. I love to sing. It's worth it. Sounds like music in my ear. And it's the sweetest, sweetest name on earth. Jesus, Jesus. At the mention of your name, every knee shall bow, every tongue proclaim Jesus. Jesus, you are savior. You are Lord and you are God. You're the only living God. You're the only living God. You're the only living God. the only living God. I said you're the only living God. You're the only living God. Yes, sir. You're the only holy living God. Holy, only God. Oh, Jesus. [Music] Jesus at the mention of your name. Every knee shall bow. Every tongue proclaim Jesus. Hey Jesus, you are savior. You are Lord and you are God. There is a name. There is a name I love to hear. I love to sing worth. It sounds like music in my knees. touching the word and it's the sweetest it's the sweetest name on earth. Help me sing it to Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. And the manion of your name. Every knees shall bow. Every time sweet Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus Lord you are savior you are Lord and you are God. You're the only living God. You're the only living God. Help me sing now. Oh, you're the only living God. You're the only living God. Yes, Jesus. You're the only living God. You're the only living God. Jesus, you're the only living God. You're the only God. Not Buddha, not Allah, not even Harry Krishna. You're the only God. I said not Buddha, not Allah, not even Harry Krishna. You're the only living God. Yes sir. You're the only living God. Hey. Thank you, Jesus. You're the only only living God. You're the only Jesus. [Music] Jesus, you the name. Every knee to bow, tongue, proclaim. Jesus, hey. Jesus, you are savior. You are Lord and you are [Music] God. You are savior. You are Lord and you are God. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. I understand we have visitors from Colorado. Shalom and angel. Sir, shalom, sir. Angel. Okay. Welcome, welcome, welcome. God is good to us. Amen. I love that song. One time I was in Guyana, South America, and I was in a Muslim territory. And I didn't know that. And the speakers were quite loud and it made some of the people nervous when I began to say not Allah, not even Harry Krishna. There's only one living God. And those of you who were here on Wednesday night, we talked about the name of Jesus. that name that is above every name. Yeah. If you want to refine yourself in heavenly places, start talking about the name of Jesus. Even the prophet of God said when you talk about him, hallelujah, the angels, he even draw near to you. So I I I I love that name. uh the song. I I appreciate all the songs that went up before Zion uh before God. Uh and uh what can I say? I I really miss my brother um Gio from not coming. Uh but but I appreciate him calling me to allow me know allow me to know the reason why he couldn't come. I know we would have had a great time of fellowship with him. I did say by God's grace when the Lord allowed that door to open again. He is a businessman, a great business there in New York. And um so anyway, he uh has a busy schedule, you know, when you hire people and all that kind of stuff. But to meet him, you just never know that that is the kind of a person he is, a very humble man of God and um has a mind to help any and everybody that he know God would lead him to. As we as we stand, let us turn to the scripture. Thank you musicians for all that you do. the 11th chapter and we're going to read the 33rd verse. From Romans 11, we'll go to Isaiah 26. And from that uh particular scripture, we'll go to Ecclesiastes 3 and1. Romans 11:33 Oh, the depth of the riches both of wisdom and knowledge of God. How unsearchable are his judgments and his ways past finding out. Isaiah 26 and3 it reads, "Thou will keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on thee." Amen. Because he trusted in thee. It is only when we lose trust in God when our minds become confused. But when you trust in God, you have the peace of God. Ecclesiastes 3 and1 I say to everything there is a season and a time to every purpose under heaven. Let us pray. Our gracious father God, we come before you Lord as humbly as we know how. We thank you for your grace. We thank you for your mercy. We thank you for the love that you have shared abroad in our hearts. Father, forgive us anything we may have said or done even even this morning. Let our center focus be on you and your people. Give us the grace to move completely out of your way. Speak to the hearts of the people. Should I say anything that's wrong that's not according to your word? I pray that you would block the hearing, Lord. Father God, I pray that you would remove it because it is only my desire to preach what you have preached, what you have stated through the message of the hour. Grant it Lord, in your name Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. For those of us who have uh not been here and for various reasons, some of you work and things like that, not trying to accuse you of anything. But what my uh desire is as the pastor of the church, um I'm trying to get the people uh to understand the word of God. in in such a way you would take a higher plane. Uh I I do believe that we are the bride of Christ and I do believe that the work was finished before the foundation of the world. We not we're not the only thing that we labor to do when it come to Christianity and that is to enter into his rest. I believe that you must understand who he is. You can't worship a god that you don't know. I mean, unless you're going to worship an idol, something brick or something metal or something, some some shrine somebody has built. But that's not how Jesus is. Cuz the word of God said that he he said, "Come unto me all ye that are laden and heavy laden. I will give you rest for your soul. He said, I want you to take my yoke upon you and learn of me. Now, when I listen to that word, learn of me. I I question in my mind, for what reason are we to learn of him? The Bible says, in the beginning was the word. The word was with God. Hallelujah. Right? And the word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. And all things were made by him and without him was not anything made that was made. It goes on to say that this word was the light of men. It was the revelation of what a man should be. In order to learn we of God, we must find out who Jesus is, who Jesus was, and what Jesus means to us. If you don't know who he is, how can you worship him? I mean, in a in an honest way, how can you praise him if you're not certain of him? uh you know we we must understand by the grace of God revelation is given to the bride of Jesus Christ. So I want to establish you in such a way by the grace of God that you will not doubt your salvation ever again. First of all first of all you didn't call yourself. God called you. We call it predestination.redestination. In other words, he made you who you are. He predestinated you, right? To be who you are. You didn't ask to be a son or a daughter of God. He chose you from the foundation of the world. Right? You were born a sinner in this world. You didn't know him. But God came to you. You didn't come to God. God came to you. And I want you to understand, in all of your faulty ways, God made provisions for you. Right? See, you can do all the righteous things you want to. But it'll never measure up uh to a place where you could purchase your salvation. Y'all understand me? It it doesn't matter how faithful you are to church, how faithful you are to your duties. That's not it. Your salvation hinges only upon the work of God. It's not what you do for him, but it's what he's done for you. Now, you must come to a place that you really believe that. You understand me? Because if you go about with works, you're going to continually be a a condemned Christian. Y'all better hear what I'm saying? Because none of us can work in such a perfected way. Hallelujah. Jesus himself was the only one that could could work in a perfected way. Is that right? The Bible said that Jesus said, "Father, everything you told me to do, I've done it." Amen. And none of us can say that today. It doesn't matter how long you've been a Christian. But none of us have lived it perfectly. Not on our own. This is why people don't understand Jesus. People see Christians, laboring to be righteous, and then they try to labor to be righteous and then they find themselves falling all the time. And so in their mind, They say I can't live a Christian life. I know what I'm talking about. My mother was a Christian. I tried to p her pattern her Christian walk. But every weekend, every vow I made during the week was broken. Hallelujah. I had no control of myself and I did not know that there were false spirits in me controlling me. Y'all understand me? So we got to come to understand not in our heads but in our hearts this where Jesus resides in your heart. If all you have is an intellectual revelation of this message, you're going to be a very unhappy soul. You got to believe that you are now sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. That's very important because if you believe you're in heavenly places in Christ, your center of focus will be on Jesus himself. You will have a positive faith instead of a hope. Is that right? I mean it's like the prophet God described it. Electricity is around everywhere and we could say electricity electricity come and cut these lights on and you can say oh electricity electricity and though the electricity is there it's not going to move. You're wasting your energy. Can I say it like that? So that you'll know I'm talking about God. God is everywhere. We'll say amen. We say God is omnipotent. Amen. Amen. God is Jehovah. Amen. But there's a system. There's a way that you must tap into that. Right. Right? You know, we we know how, you know, when it when they when when it excuse me come to electricity, scientists had to find a way to bring that invisible source to the to the visible. Is that right? They say Benjamin Franklin, he was one that did that. Hallelujah. And while he was trying to make it happen, People thought he was crazy. So is it with a real Christian? We know the energy is there. We know the source is there. Hallelujah. But we must find that way to be in that position where it will come to us naturally supernatural. Can I say it like that? naturally supernatural because when you're born of God, when you have the Holy Spirit, you're no longer just natural. You become supernatural. And the reason being not is because the supernatural God is on the inside of you. Now we know that we are the chosen of God. Revelation 17:14, please see without the Holy Ghost, you won't be able to make the connection. It's like having a hot iron with a plug. And you want to iron, but you got to plug it up first before the heat comes into the iron. Can I say it like that? You and I need a real connection. It's not enough to be in a church or to be a church member. You got to make connection by the Holy Spirit. Is that right? You said, "Well, wait a minute, Brother Brooks. You see, let me say this about about the disciples. You know, the disciples were able to cast out devils in the name before they ever went to Pentecost. Even Judas was able to do it. So, we know that's that's not the full connection." Is that right? Why? Because Jesus said to them, "After which the Holy Ghost has come upon you, you shall receive power." That is the connection. And brother said that connection is the authority because none of us have it of ourselves. But once we put on the uniform of the Holy Spirit, all demons in hell and the angels of heaven must hear the voice of a son and daughter of God. Amen. Is that right? Oh, it's the truth. Daniel said he prayed 21 days and I believe it was Gabriel or Michael, one of the two said, "We heard your prayer when you first prayed." Hallelujah. But I thought you pray to God. But you do. But God is the captain of the Lord's host. So when you pray to him, he dispatched the angels to fix your problem. That's the way it works. Position. We're not just down here coming out like a worm, but God has changed you. I want you to bride of Christ. God has changed you. Your greatest battle we know is in your mind. You must defeat your mind. Amen. Your mind will always make you fleshly if you're not if you're not truly born again. But when you truly got something, you have a battle every day. But I believe that the true Christian can be victoriously every day coming from position of a believer in Christ. 1955 God by so sovereign election call you into this wonderful fellowship. You lost all your pride and everything. You lost all your dances big parties. Come come lovely into Lord Jesus. But God predestinated you before the foundation of the world to be a fellow citizen of the kingdom of God. That's right. Right. Amen. He said those who he called, those who he forneew, he justified. Is that right? Those who he forneew he glorified. So you got to understand When God see you when you see receive the Holy Ghost, you're perfect. Amen. Amen. Your carnal mind can't receive that. That has to be by revelation because your f your perfection doesn't come by your works. It comes by the blood of Jesus Christ. You can't get to heaven being a sinner. And you can't be half holy. Hallelujah. So, how am I going to be holy? How will I be accepted into heaven outside of the blood of Jesus? Is that right? Oh, come on. So, you understand me? Maybe we got some visitors in there that listen. In the Old Testament, when a man sinned, he brought forth a lamb, and that lamb had to be without spot, wrinkle, or blemish. couldn't be sick. It had to be a perfect lamb. And guess what? It was the priest that examined the lamb. Hallelujah. He turned that that fur over, went spot by spot, space by space, rather. And that lamb had to be perfect. He never looked at the man. He never looked at the woman. Who brought the lamb? Because it was a lamb that died in yourstead. Somebody help me here. If the lamb was perfect, you were perfect. Y'all hear what I'm saying? It was a lamb that that makes God able to forgive you because he died in yourstead. Oh yes, sir. That's why we preach Jesus because he is the perfect lamb of God and because of his blood. I stand perfect. Hallelujah. You stand perfect if you can receive it. The whole world was saved by Jesus. But the whole world will not be saved because they won't accept their perpetuation. You understand me? You got to have positive faith in here. You can't have hope like, "Oh, oh, come on, electricity. Come on, electricity." Electricity. Positive faith turns it on. Hallelujah. It's not a hope. It's a no. It is a possession. Right. That's what real faith is. I got it. I got it. It's something about this Holy Ghost. I can't explain it, but I got it. It's something I possess. Something you possess. I can't explain it. You can't explain it. But it's real. It's a real connection. Hallelujah. To the world. We look crazy. But that's okay. Hallelujah. I want to I always think about John the Baptist. I always think about who would have followed John. A half-dressed man half-dressed man eating bugs, locustes and honey. Amen. I've always been curious about that combination because it was real. And Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. How many would have followed Moses? He was a murderer. How many would have followed him? Who would have followed David who was an adulteresser? You understand what I'm saying? God takes those nobodies. God takes those nobodies. God take the scum of the earth and make something out of them. Hallelujah. Is that the truth? Hallelujah. He had a reputation. Jesus did. And that reputation still stands. He hung out with the [Laughter] hoodlams. Oh my god. He hung out with the rejects. And I don't mind being a reject of the world. Oh, come on. Somebody think about it. He's just in the positive of of a believer position of a believer. Now, I don't mean to be belittling them. I respect that. But they're supposed to be up here. We supposed to be up here. Here they are way down here. But do you know what it is? Is hope instead of faith. Faith does the job right now. Hope hopes for it. But faith is the product. Faith really does it. See, we have a lot of hope, but not much faith. So, we want to change from hope today to positive faith. And there's only one way we can get positive faith and that's by positive thinking of positive things. Is that true? Nobody likes being around a negative Christian. [Music] Always speaking negative. You you you you you you you got the report of all the things that going on in the church. This ain't right. This ain't right. And I'm going to tell you something. You ain't right either. If that's all you can do is talk about negative stuff. Hallelujah. God ain't negative, God is positive. Hallelujah. And when you under that negative spirit that is not the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. If you say you're a son of God, if you say you're a daughter of God, why don't you change the atmosphere? Change the situation. Hallelujah. It doesn't take but one person with the faith of God that can change the whole thing. It don't take it doesn't take a group. But I'm telling you when you when you down here talking about all that negative stuff, you'll never come up here. Heavenly places is positive. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now only the whole world was full of electricity and you're setting out in a big dark field in the night time. Like I said earlier, you can call on electricity all you want to. But if you haven't you haven't designed a system to connect with that electricity and bring it to you in this dimension, you are wasting your time. Is that right? How many of y'all know how to spark a fire? You can have you can have two stones. You can have the equipment to spark a fire. But if you don't put faith in it and it takes faith, don't it, brother? Cuz sometime those rocks don't want to spark just right. Hallelujah. But you can't give up on it. You got to keep striking it. You know how it works. Amen. And then you're going to get some fire. Y'all understand what I'm saying? You can't just give up on God. Well, I'm just waiting on him. You got to do something. Hallelujah. Just like they say, if you call on Jesus, he will answer prayer. I know that to be right. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. See, you got to understand if you're you're inside of Christ and walking, then all the things of the world passes away. All the great creeds that you had of this thing or that thing is all vanish away. You understand what I'm saying? You can't remain a condition of negativity and expect to be a powerhouse in God. Amen. You create your atmosphere atmosphere by being positive. I don't care what goes and what comes. Oh, you say brother books. Well, take Joe for an example. I was reading that to my grandson this morning and I think it was a Sunday school lesson. No matter what he kept what what what came his way, he lost his cattle, he lost his uh camels, he lost his servants. It was one thing after another. He lost his children. And then he declared, "Naked I came into the world and naked I leave. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. See, that's the attitude. That is the connection. When you have God, you know that all things work together. I may not understand it, but it's working for my good somewhere. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. When Keith passed, I gave his family the I think it's Isaiah 57 where the righteous perish and people don't understand why. But but the scripture said that God is protecting them from the evil that is to come. He laid them in their bed. But there coming a time he going to wake them up. Y'all understand me? And I I this might sound crazy, but I'll say it like this. Before God allow me to be lost. I'd rather he put me to sleep. Y'all understand me? I I don't love the world like that. Jesus, we all desire to go sometime, but it's only pro uh it's only God's will that we stay. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So when the things pass away, when everything vanishes away and your heart and mind become singular on Christ Jesus, that shows you have died to yourself and you're born again. [Music] Help us, Jesus. Single singleminded. Y'all done met people like that before. All they want to do is talk about Jesus. And those the kind of Christian most people don't want to be around. Not even Christians. That's all you got to talk about. That's all I want to talk about. If I talk about something else, I'm going to go into negativity because this world offers nothing but negative stuff. Oh, come on. The Lord had to correct me even even when it came to the presidential election. Some say I'm this and some say I'm that. Hallelujah. Oh, and some criticize this one and some criticize that one. You better be careful because the Bible said in Jude, it's the evil ones that speak evil of the dignities. When you speak of evil, No matter who God put up there, God had a purpose. You can call, oh, look at Hitler. Was God using Hitler? Y'all say the devil did it. No, it was it was in the Bible. It was written in the word. Maybe his name ain't was there, but the spirit was there. Y'all understand me? Oh, y'all get quiet. I'm not glorifying Hitler. I'm glorifying God. Cuz God is the be God is the beginning and the end. He's the first and the last. Hallelujah. Everything moves by the power of God. Hallelujah. Which is God evil? when he went down to Egypt and he made the task masters put a greater burden on the Egypt on on Israel. No, he wasn't evil. But he knew that was the only way he could get them to cry out and sometimes you God put stuff on you because he knows that's the only way he going to get you to humble yourself. We're stubborn by nature. We take it takes God to humble us. And listen, really, you don't want God to humble you. Brother Brandham call that the tender hand of Jehovah. And if that was tender, I don't know what's coming our way. You love the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm I'm I'm saying by the grace of God and I can't I can't give you revelation. I can only preach to you what God wants me to preach to you. And perhaps by preaching what I'm preaching, there will come a thirst in you for a higher plane, Lord. I want to live closer to you. Right? You know what I heard in the word the other day? Cuz I thought the greater works were just limbs growing back. Limbs growing back. Arms and legs growing back. Oh, okay. I I thought you know those that kind of a miracle. Brother Brandham said it like this. He said the greater works is winning souls to Christ. Everything else going to perish. Right? That's what it says in Corinthians. Right? You can have prophecy. You can have faith to move mountains. You can do it all. Without charity, it it means nothing. Hallelujah. Charity is what? The Holy Spirit. So all your religious activity means nothing to God if you don't receive the Holy Ghost. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You say, "Well, Lord, I want it." Well, the Bible said, "Repent, be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, and you shall receive it." Hallelujah. I'm working with the riches of God. We're the most wealthiest people in the world, but you'll never ever know it. Hallelujah. You remember the story about this old lady who had a son in the military overseas. and he was sending her checks every month. She didn't know. She thought the checks were just pretty pictures, like postcards. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And one day, she came to find out that those checks weren't post cards. They were checks. She had all of this money saved up and didn't know it. See, that's how it is with a Christian. You got all of these riches, all of this money, all of this way of exchange, but you sit there like you don't know what it is. It's God. And the Bible said that God owns a cattle on a thousand hills. Hallelujah. There's none righteous than God. He owns heaven and earth. Hallelujah. And don't look at me like I'm crazy. The prophet of God said we ask for too little. We ask for too little. And the reason why we ask for little because we've got little faith. Hallelujah. You need to venture out. Get up a little higher. Amen. Amen. Oh God help us. Amen. Cuz you said, "Well, it hadn't worked." Well, you didn't. You quit. God don't quit. He may not come when you want him, but he's right on time. Y'all don't know that song. That's one of them runaway songs, but it's true. He comes, but he comes in his own time. That's where we fail to see it. Jo said, "I'm going to wait till my change come." Hallelujah. I done put in my order. I done put in my request. I know it's coming. I'm going to wait on it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's what That's the way. You can't doubt it. You got to believe it. And you know, you have to praise God sometimes. Even though it hadn't manifest itself yet, you got to praise God for it. Hallelujah. See, listen. God is the fountain of all grace and power and of all divine wisdom is in God. So therefore, knowing that he is the only creator there is, only only creator. He's the only living God. There is no other creator but God. Satan cannot create at all. He only perverts what's been created. But God is the only creator. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let me tell y'all something about my old mama. I bring her up sometime because she taught me a lot of things. We were poor and my mother grew up as a a a single mom and there were there were times we didn't have food, but one thing my mother was a praying woman. And whenever God showed her something, she didn't keep it to herself. She said, "Junior, I know you're hungry, but God going to bring us some food before the day out." I say, "Yeah, mama." I did. I believed her. I believed her. I opened that back door just going out to play. And on our back porch at that time was three big old bags of groceries. Maybe that don't affect you. But you had to be mean to understand what I'm talking about. Hallelujah. Here it is. My mother. And to this day, we never knew who said it there. We have no idea who brought the groceries. Hallelujah. You know, some of y'all worry about paying bills. What's wrong with you? You worry about it. Talk to God about it. Hallelujah. But so many we we so we we we can't be proud too proud to bend the knee. You got to get still with him. You got to make the connection. And when you can make that connection that you can get off of your knees with peace in your heart, you wait on God cuz it's coming. Hallelujah. Amen. I know what I'm talking about. I'm not talking about something I don't know. I'm talking about something I have exercised. I'm preaching to you something that I know and I know that God will do it for you, too. Amen. Oh yeah. Hallelujah. I done asked y'all many times, how many of y'all have ridden in a car with a the needle unpass the E? I keep on going praying and it takes me where I need to go. It's been a while, but I have a testimony. And I'm telling you something, people of God, you got to understand this is a supernatural being living on the inside of you. And all he needs is that real faith to make that connection. Can I tell you one more thing? One more testimony. It's not even in my notes, but my wife, one of our first houses we bought, it was almost like a scam. It was so bad. When we moved in that house after we moved in, we found a lot of problems. So, we left it. And you know, when you leave a house, uh uh uh it goes on your record, but I needed a new house. I needed another house. So I said, "Lord, you know, I'll take care of this, but I need you to block these people." That's what I said. I need you to block that that uh what that report so I can get me a house. I said, "Lord, you do that for me. Once I get my my new house, I'll make sure I'll take care of this one." My wife is a witness. They they search all of the reports, everything, they couldn't find a thing. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. They couldn't if if I had not called them to tell them, they still would have been lost. Y'all hear what I'm saying? I'm telling you, telling you the truth. I had to call the people and then when I called them they searched it and found it and yes for seven years it was on my on my credit report and then you know after seven years it disappeared y'all look I'm just telling y'all something folks I'm telling you what my God did for me and I know my He'll do it for you, too. He'll do it for you, too. Hallelujah. Therefore, he created by his word. He sent his word. So all the seas that he had placed upon the earth, he formed those seeds by his own word. For there's no nothing else to make the seed out of. He had placed them and they were beneath the water. And he said, "Let there be." Now, let me say it like this. Let me just bring it like this. We were beneath the water. And when I say beneath the water, we were beneath the people. We were mixed in with everything. But when God called us, when he How come you know that this message is right? It ain't because you studied it, but there was something that made you say, "Amen." Hallelujah. You may not be living like an angel, but you know that you know that you know that this is right. Hallelujah. and you do your best to live it. Are you doing your best to live it? Because you've been ordained to live it. Hallelujah. And right now, we need to make that connection. And I'm I'm I don't mean to scream, but I can't hardly help it. We've been we're being led by the same pillar of fire. That led Moses. Somebody help me here. Yeah. the same pillar of fire. But listen to this. Moses was called to be the deliverer. Hallelujah. Is that the truth? Had not yet met the pillar of fire. So he tried to do what he was ordained to do without the pillar of fire. Y'all better hear what I'm saying. So is the message believer us. Many of us are trying to do what we've been ordained to do without the pillar of fire. You can't do it. What did Moses produce? A dead man. And that's exactly what happens to us. We know it's the truth. We try to make it happen. Oh, but it'll never happen until you make that real connection. Hallelujah. You understand what I'm saying? When Moses met the burning bush, it was there. Moses realized what was in the bush is what he was lacking. Y'all hear what I'm saying? And that pillar of fire is nothing but the Holy Ghost. Glory to God. And if the Holy Ghost can make a bush holy, what about you? can make the dirt that Moses stood on holy. What about you? Hallelujah. It ain't the dirt, but it's a holy God on the dirt. Hallelujah. Y'all better hear what I'm saying. That same covenant, God came to deliver us. This is the third exodus. Come on, somebody. And that pillar of fire has formed himself into the word. That's why we needed Malachi 4. That's why we need Revelation 10:7. We needed a Moses for our body who could hear the word of God. It doesn't matter what people say about us. You've got to come to a place. You've got to make that connection. You know, you know that you've been chosen by God. You know that. But you're lacking the power. You're lacking the strength. You're lacking that connection. God told Moses, "Take off your shoes. The ground you standing on is holy." That mean Moses had to humble himself. You better hear what I'm saying. He had to humble himself. And I say this to you. In order for God to make it work for you, you got to humble yourself. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my God. Amen. I don't usually get the actual, but I had to just now. I want you to understand by the grace of God, we we we're not worshiping a Moses, but we worshiping the one he saw in the bush. He said, "Who who shall I say sent me?" He say, "Say say I am sent me." I am that I am. Hello. And guess what? He's still I am. You say, "Well, what do you mean I am? I am in brother Brooks. I'm in Brother Isaac." Y'all understand me? I am in Sister Rachel. I am in her. I'm am in you. Can you imagine how many names he would have if he used all of us? So all he could say was I am you love the Lord. God chosen place of worship. You know it doesn't matter. Let me say it like this. When it comes to Malachi 4, it's a revelation. People can't see it. And don't don't blame them. You can't make a person see. Yeah. Yeah. You can't make them see. You can't you just That's the way it works. But if they truly born of God, they even might get upset a bit, but God will bring them to it. You see, they prove that scripturally. Saul said, "I'mma kill them all." Saul said, "I'mma kill them all. and he would have, but that wasn't his connection. It wasn't what God wanted him to do. He did it. But one day, God made a connection on the road to Damascus. That light came down, that same pillar of fire. And Paul said, "Who art thou, Lord?" He said, "I'm Jesus. I'm Jesus who you persecute. Hallelujah. But when did Paul persecute Jesus? When he persecuted his people. As you have done to the least of these, you've done it unto me. Hallelujah. So God's chosen place to worship is Jesus Christ. Excuse me. We don't have shrines. We don't have holy places. It ain't in the mountain. It ain't in Jeffersonville. Amen. Amen. Y'all understand what I'm saying? Because we worship the true and living God and he's everywhere. Y'all understand me? The Holy Ghost God will give the Holy Ghost to whomever he want to give it to. You and I have been blessed because not only did God give us the Holy Ghost, but he began to lead us by the pillar of fire. Hallelujah. Is that right? That's the only name God has given for salvation. That's what he has named the family in heaven. And when it's on earth, it's Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Are you happy to be in the family of Jesus Christ? Amen. Oh church, oh people, sinner friends, don't trust in nothing else but Jesus Christ. Don't trust in any preacher. Oh, I better I better say that again. Don't trust in any preacher. I don't want you trusting in me. I want you trusted in the word. Hallelujah. Don't trust in any preacher. Don't trust in anybody else to save you. How much the anointing is all over a person? That person cannot save you. Hallelujah. Is that right? Even the prophet of God couldn't save you. Only Jesus Christ saves. Trust not any any church, any creed, any denomination. Trust only in Jesus Christ. For he is the light of the hour. Hallelujah. 1965, the chosen place of worship. Hallelujah. How you going to argue with that one? Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. God got a time for all things. He's got a time that we plant corn. He's got a time that we plow corn. Then at the time we'll harvest corn the spring rain comes the drought through the summer the fall rains the snows you just can't say I plant my wheat today and tomorrow go out and harvest it. God has time for season. He has season for his word. Hallelujah. He has times when the scriptures here were it said and the presence of the Lord was there to heal the sick. That's when Jesus was ministering too at the presence of the Lord was to heal the sick. Maybe at another time, the presence of the Lord wasn't there to heal the sick. Hallelujah. And we find out that God works everything seasonally. Did y'all hear that? And now when Moses, what failed to find was the time limit of God. Then when God reveals himself to him in a burning bush, he found out then that the very thing that was what was in burning in the burning bush was the thing that he lacked. He said and I think that hold a lot with us today that many times we try to do the program ourselves and fail to get what was in the burning bush. the direct revelation of the will and the time of God. So, let me let me say this and I'm not going to be too much much longer. We love to dance. We love to shout. We love to praise God. But Pentecost had all of that and more of it. That's right. You can you can go look on the YouTube and you see them folks carrying on. Hallelujah. But after all of that, I wonder what they live like. It's the life. And I'm going tell you, there are people in Pentecostal churches that are living better than what we live by what? The Holy Ghost. Cuz God don't God don't God don't um people think, well, uh we if it ain't in our church, it ain't happening. You you deceived. God don't care wherever you repent when you call on the name of J. Let me ask you something. Was brother Brandham in a message church when he got the Holy Ghost. He wasn't even Pentecostal. Amen. It's wherever you are. Oh, y'all getting quiet on me now. That just show if you believe that the only way you can get the Holy Ghost is be in here, you are a denomination. Man did that. Listen to the message. Brother Bradom never said nothing like that. We did that. Instead of letting the shock pull from us, we pull from the shock. If I'm wrong, you can tell me. more. That's what happened. We don't love people who's of a denomination or a different denomination cuz we feel like they lost who they lost. You don't know that. You don't know who they are. I once was there. Did I Was I saved then? You better believe I was. You know why? My salvation didn't come by church. My salvation came by the word. And before this world began, I had mine. Y'all understand me? It tears down every man's theology. Amen. Jesus does. Amen. Amen. I'm almost done. People, you love the Lord. Amen. I was going to read a few things, but I'm not. I'm just going to say this by the grace of God. Moses, God taught Moses something. He told Moses, "You're going to be God unto Pharaoh." And he was. It wasn't a man, but was God in the man. You understand what I'm saying? When you when God is in you, you become the God of this generation. I know it's hard for you to comprehend it in your mind. I'm not saying it in your mind. I'm saying in your heart. Right? You think about Listen, I don't know whether y'all realize it or not, but there's somebody praying because a lot of these bad storms that were supposed to hit us. It did not. You know why? There were people like me, Brother Rich, and some others who were praying that they wouldn't come. And they didn't come. Now, you don't have to believe it, but I believe it. There was a time I was rushing and I needed to get to a place a certain time and while I was moving, I would tell those red lights, "Change, change, change." And they did. Now I probably can't do it again because I'm not in a need. But at that time I needed to be on time where I was going. And those red lights changed for me. It was smooth sailing. Y'all understand what I'm saying? I believe the word you gota That's what God was showing Moses. God could have just defeated Pharaoh. But God gave Moses a stick. And Moses had to put his rod his his faith in the rod that God gave him. Y'all understand me? God took something real simple. And in the eyes of a of of a king like Pharaoh, Moses look stupid. A stick. You going to conquer Egypt with a rod? All my shepherds, they got the same kind of rod. Hallelujah. But this was a different one. This one God gave me. Hallelujah. And he was teaching Moses how to be God to Pharaoh. Oh, come on, somebody. So that's what God is doing now. Teaching you how to be God in this generation. not to be a coward. Y'all looking at me like crazy. There's only one God and that is the Lord Jesus Christ, but you're part of him. So much so, he called you by his name. Thank you, Lord. You love the Lord. So, you got to have positive faith. I'm just going to shut down here. But you know this this the Bible says according to Psalms 103, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name. And then it goes on to say, don't forget about his benefits. There are benefits in Christianity. You hear what I'm saying? There are benefits in Christianity. Go down the list. He health all your diseases. All your diseases he heal benefits. Read it. Your salvation. Hallelujah. That's what the salvation been given to you to enjoy. Amen. Had it right. What you want? Let me tell you something. Had it right could have said anything. Right. She wanted the souls of her children. Did she get it? You say God can't create money. Brother Brandham said he would have. Hallelujah. If she had asked for it, she would have gotten it. And if it stands for her, it stands for you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Don't ever limit God. Enjoy your salvation. Be positive. When somebody speaks something negative about you, you kind of hit that thing with the positive. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The devil brought something to my mind. I think it was this morning. I said, "You demon out of hell. We talking about a devil fleeing. He recognized I knew who I was and that thought was my thought. You put the devil on the run when he brings thoughts that you know that is not your hallelujah. Don't be nice to him. He's your enemy. Hallelujah. Amen. You talk to him like you know who you talking to. Hallelujah. Don't be ringing. This is my house. Hallelujah. This is my house. This is my house. And you got to talk to him like you know it is. You have the authority. Enjoy the riches of Christ. Enjoy the riches of Christ. Amen. Let's stand. Hallelujah. Enjoy it, people. Let's come up higher. Let's start enjoying Jesus. All the promises he's given us. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, the angels bow before him and heaven and earth adorn him. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Hallelujah. What a mighty God, mighty God we serve. Bow before you and heaven and earth before you. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Sing it. What a mighty God we serve. Hallelujah. What a mighty God. My God we serve. Holy. Bow before him. And heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. I will enter. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter praise. I will sing this is the day that the Lord and I will rejoice for he has made me glad he has made me glad. Hallelujah. He has made me glad. Yes sir. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. Hallelujah. Oh, he has made me glad. I will rejoice. He has made me glad. I will enter his gate with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts will pray. Sing the days that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. We rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. I will rejoice. Oh, we bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. Yes, we bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of the Lord. And we offer up to you the sacrifice of thanksgiving up to you. The sacrifice of praise. Oh, we bring the sacrifice of great into the house of the Lord. Yes, we bring the sacrifice of rain into the house of the Lord. And we offer up to you sacrificees of thanksgiving. And we offer up to you the sacrifice. Oh, what a mighty God. What a mighty God. him. What a mighty, mighty. Oh, the angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God. What his name is. Jesus is the God we serve. Yeah. Jesus is the God we serve. The angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Jesus is the God. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Yes. We serve. Jesus. He's the God we serve. All the angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Jesus is the God we serve. Oh, angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Jesus is the God we serve. Oh, Jesus is the God we serve. Amen. What's brother Isaac duty to come and close with a word of prayer. Amen. [Music] Amen. Let's bow our heads. Father God, Lord, Father, we thank you, Lord, for this service, Father. Lord, the word, Father, that you give us this afternoon, Father. Lord, you knew, Father, that's the word that we wanted to hear, Father. You knew, Father God, that we were supposed to be reminded, Father God, of all those things, oh Father, Lord, the benefits we have in God. That's why David said that I have never seen a righteous being forsaken, Father, or his generation begging for bread. Lord Jesus, you say that you take care of your owns, Father. The ones that are the ones that have been given to you, Father, you have not lost, not even one, Father. Lord, that's why we come to you, Father, as needed people. Father, Lord, if we ask everybody in this room, Father, all of us, we do have need. But Lord, we believe that you are the Jehovah Gyra. Lord, if you were able, Father, to create, Father, a lamb out of nowhere, Father, in a place where a lamb wouldn't be found, Father, for Abraham, Lord, we believe, Father God, that you can create, Father God, solutions, Lord, for our problems, oh God. Lord, if you could create money in the belly of a fish, Father, when you and Peter needed it, Father, Lord, we believe, Father God, that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. Lord, the woman, Father God, who was losing blood, Father God, just by touching the hem of your garment, Father, she was able to receive her healing, Father God, we believe, oh Father, that if we are sick, Father, in this place, Father, this moment, oh God, we believe that you are still the healer, Father. Lord, and you can touch every one of us, oh Father, and make us well, oh Father. Lord, Lord, we believe in you, Father, because we knew, we know, Father God, that because you gave your word, your word will have to fulfill the purpose for which you were sent. Oh, Father. Lord, that's why we come to you, Father. Lord, we can't go to someone else, oh Father. We can't run to anybody else but you, Father. You are the rock of ages, Lord. You say, "Come unto me. You are heavy laden. I will give you rest." Lord, whatever we need, Father. You said that there is a fountain open in the house of David, Lord, for everybody who who who wants water. Lord, we thank you, Father. Lord, we ask you, Father God, to bless our pastor, Father. Lord, that you keep on opening the word to him, Father. Lord Jesus, that you bring him to revelation to revelation. Oh, Father, Lord, we pray, Father, that you bless his family, Lord. We pray that you bless this family of higher ground, Father God. Lord, help us, Father, to be united, Father God, to walk, oh Father God, in one accord, Lord, to be one body, Father, taking care of each others, Father. Lord, we thank you, Father. Lord, we also pray, oh Father God, that you forgive our sins, Lord, you forgive our iniquities, Father, you forgive our transgressions, Father. Lord, those who need the Holy Spirit, oh God, Lord, we pray, Father, Lord, that you fill them with the Holy Spirit, oh God, help us, Father. Help us, oh father, to have a great week, Father. A week, Father God, full of testimonies, oh Father, that we can come back with the report that truly the Lord, our heart was burning within us when the Lord was speaking to us, Lord, that we we can come back with the reports that the Lord has spoken and here is the fruit. Lord, we thank you, Father. We pray oh God that you bless oh father everyone father those who are here and those who couldn't make it father those for listening father god on the live stream oh father we pray father god that you bless our loved ones oh god thank you father we ask everything in Jesus Christ's name we pray amen um there's a boy who's in the foyer who wants to be prayed for he's not feeling well if you can call Sing this. I will bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Blesses all [Music] holy name. [Music] I will bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. He has done He has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Bless his [Music] holy name. For he has done great things. Oh, for he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. He has done great things. Bless his holy name. Oh, I will bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his [Laughter] [Music] holy name. I will bless. I will bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me. Bless his all leave name for He has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Bless we all leave name for he has done great things. He has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. Hallelu, he has done great things. Bless is all the name. For he has done great things. As the brothers collect the offering, he has done great things. Hallelu, he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. We ought to bless his holy name. I will bless. Yes, I will bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless is all the name. Oh, I will bless. I will bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me. flesh is [Music] holy name. For he has done great things for [Music] me. He has done great things. Has he healed you? Oh, he has always providing for you. He has done great things. Bless his [Music] holy [Music] name. Amen. May we have a few announcements to make. So today is the last Sunday of March. If you can turn on the blue mic for so today is the last Sunday of March and our March was our um building fund contribution month collecting off month. So those who hadn't u if you can please honor your commitment. So in about two weeks we'll come back with a report of how much we would have collected in March. Just a reminder, January we were expecting or we were supposed to collect 5,000 but we only collected 1900 and we understand January is a busy month and a lot of people have a lot of stuff going on. So in two weeks we'll come back with a report with how much we would have collected for March. And like we said earlier, if we don't reach our target, we might have to come back for a meeting. To recalibrate our goals. Amen. So if you hadn't please um And when you do it for the building fund contribution, please write in the description what it is for so it can be correctly appropriated. And just at this current time our cashup is disabled. But we're we are trying to get it fixed. So for now, our methods are zel and cash. So once that's um sorted out, we we'll just send out a message and u that is it's back up and functioning. And uh we'll get a Sunday school report from brother John. And for Sunday school Sunday school, right? So for today we did um for the the adults we studied the book of Job one. We were supposed to go over chapter 2 as well, but basically we studied on remaining faithful to the Lord despite adversities. And the homework for the adult Sunday school is going to be to read the book of Job one and chapter 2, the entire chapter. So make sure you emphasize that to the kids. It's the entire entire chapter. Job chapter 2 and chapter one. And for the young kids, um they the lesson was to kindness always to always be kind like like the good Samaritan story and the homework for them is to call the page about the lost sheep that will be given at the end of the church. So they'll be given those pages and in attendance for the young kids uh it was nine kids and Thank you for the parents who make sure their kids did an act of kindness last week as we as we asked. And just Then is that's it for the Sunday school report and um talking about the Louisiana camp that's coming up in two weeks. U as we talked about uh today is the last day is the last day as I talked to some of the some of the parents um dur last week. Today is going to be the last day that I that that I'll be getting um the $100 that I talked about. I put the names of all the young people in the in the youth group group chat so everybody has seen it. If you have not you have not seen it, come see me. But um we talked about giving $100 for each kids that's going to be going from age uh 13 um to 24 somewhere around it. Um for the parents that wanted to there some of the parents from Iowa City are also going uh and they'll be confirming on that today as well. So it's not just the young people we have some of the parents also coming. So and any parent here is also welcome to come to come with us. for the parents. They will be the parents will not be staying at the camp. They're going to be staying at the hotel that's near the camp. The the camp ground is going to be for for the young uh kids that will be registered on there. And um so just make sure that we get that $100 today. If you cannot do it or financial issues, just see uh come see us and we'll we'll find a way to to get that to get that sorted. Right. Uh, Sister Divine uh just mentioned that um if there's any sister who feels led to to help out and be a backup for um the the um the class of the little of the little kids. If someone is feeling led to do that and help out once once in a while uh you can go talk to her. So um yeah, you can get access to the details that's required. So, thank you. God bless you. Um, just a reminder, we have a baptism after service if people want to go witness. Um, I guess it'll be a good thing. The location. Yeah, we'll try and get the address, but I heard it's limited people. So, if you're one of the few want to go, we can um go and witness that as well. Sister Esther had a special. So, we'll get that just before we dismissed. Amen. Sister Esther [Music] Good [Music] s Don't send me to declare freedom. [Music] [Music] Dest. Bless [Music] Say it. the last [Music] Say this [Music] day fmony line yourself is so solid. [Music] So glass me. L is so glass me [Music] Does [Music] he connect La [Music] Amen. [Music] to the last [Music] sh we play the father who is to [Music] and patri [Music] Omos [Music] [Music] So let me [Music] be sh [Music] Hey Mon. [Music] Amen. We have come to the end of um our service. We'll be dismissed. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you [Music] Lord. Thank you Lord. I just want to thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you, Lord. Yes. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. I just want to thank you, Lord. You saved my soul. You saved my soul. When I was lost, you saved my soul. You saved my soul. Save my soul. [Music] Oh, I just want to thank you, Lord. When I was lost, you're [Applause] made away. Every day you made a way. You made a way. [Applause] I just want to thank you, Lord. You've been so good. You've been so good. Oh, you've been so good. Every day you've been so good. I just want to thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. [Music]
