################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-02 - 25 03 29 - Brother Allistair Francis - How It All Works - Part 2 - Seed and Ground - Allistair Francis.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-02
Title:    25 03 29 - Brother Allistair Francis - How It All Works - Part 2 - Seed and Ground
Speaker:  Allistair Francis
Church:   Rapturing Grace Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 29m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lU6Ifba6Yr0
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] [Music] down. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Blessed be your name in the land that is plentiful with streams. The abundance flow. Blessed be your name. Blessed be your name. I'm found in a desert place. So I walk through the wilderness. Blessed be your [Music] name. Blessing you for our send back to praise. When the darkness closes in, Lord, still I will say blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your heart. [Music] Blessed be your name when kneeling down on me when the walls all should be. Blessed be your name. Blessed be your [Music] name. With suffering though this pain the offering. Blessed be your name. Every blessing you'll pour out, turn back to praise. When the darkness closes, Lord, still I will say blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hey, blessed be your name. Blessed be the name. Amen. Amen. Let's let's pause it there. I realize I don't really know that song very well, but it's beautiful words. Amen. Let me just switch to my list here. Amen. God is good all the time. Oh, God is good all the time. A song of praise in the heart of mine. Yes, God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. Yes, God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. Oh, if you're walking through the valley and there are shadows all around me, he will guide you. He will give you son. He has promise to never leave you nor save you. And his word is true. God is true. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. All the you have my life is worthy. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. Amen. We are here together to lift our hearts. this one. We're in our father's presence. His spirit is with us. It is good to lift the name of the Lord our God. It is right to give him thanks and praise. For his heart is overflowing with love for us. and his mercy we can never contain. And each and every morning will tell of his great love of all his faithful mercy and all that he has done. Who can match his kindness? And who can count his word? Oh, let our grace continue to leave crossing glory. It is good to live the name of the Lord our God. It is right to give him thanks and praise for his heart is overflowing with love for us and his mercy we can never contain. It is good to lift the name of the Lord our God. It is right to give him thanks and praise for his God is overflowing with love for us and his mercy we can never contain. Glory honor wisdom and power and strength to our savior Jesus worthy of all praise. Glory, honor, wisdom, power, and strength to our Savior Jesus, worthy of our praise. It is good to lift the name of the Lord our God. It is right to give him thanks and praise for his heart is overflowing love for us and his mercy we can never say. It is good to lift the name of the Lord our God. It is right to give him thanks and praise for his heart is overflowing with love for us and his mercy we can never contain. It is right to give him thanks and praise. It is right to give him thanks and praise. Amen. Praise your name, Lord. Amen. Amen. We'll have a um Oh, you can just sing uh start like this one, but we'll probably have an item um now, but we'll just commit the service in the Lord's hands. Amen. Our precious heavenly father, Lord, what a privilege, Lord, for us again to be here this morning. And Lord, we Lord had a bit of a taste last night of the the topic, Lord God, that you want to share to us this uh camp time, Lord. And Lord, an excitement has been built up, Father, Lord, to know what it is, Lord God, that you have for us in store. And Lord God, Lord, we are just sick of doing the same thing over and over again, Father. And Lord, we don't want to play church, Lord. We don't want to be caught up in our own religion, Lord. We don't want to be caught up in our own way of thinking and doing things, Lord. But Lord, we want to be fully controlled by you, Father, Lord. Fully surrendered to you. And Lord, and the power and demonstration, Lord, of the Holy Ghost in us, Lord. And Lord, I just want to pray now and ask, Lord. Please help us, Lord, just to break down, Lord, those barriers, Lord, and open our hearts, Lord, to receive from you, Lord. Lord, these topics may hurt us, Lord. They may, Lord, show us all the times that we fail, Lord, where we fail our families, Lord. We fail our friends, our parents, Lord, our children, Lord. But Lord God, I just pray that you'll give us a grace, Lord God, just to put that aside, Lord, and just say, Lord, change us, Lord. Bring us, Lord, into that image of Christ, Lord, from, Lord, that perfect image, Lord, a fully matured son and daughter of God, Lord. And Lord, that's our desire, Lord. It's not our desire to be like ourselves Lord or to to uh put ourselves on a pedestal or Lord to see what what we can be Lord in in others eyes Lord but we want to see what can we be Lord how can we Lord God get as quick as we can Lord God to the reflection that you have of us Lord Lord up there Father Lord and Lord as as the prophet said Lord in that picture book Lord of how Lord that complete picture that perfect picture that you have of us Lord we just want to pray Lord God that may be a quick work Lord that we may be able to surrender, Lord God, and that we may just uh find ourselves just so much closer to you after this weekend. Lord, we commit ourselves before you. We commit the service into your hands well and the song items, the testimonies, everything, Lord God. And may it be all for your glory, Lord, in your precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. We'll just have the uh the song item with uh apparently Levi and the crew. And then after that we'll have the the other choir item which Chris's song or the one that J is leading. Thank you. [Music] So many people trying to fill a void inside. So many questions asking how asking why. I might not have all the answers, but I tasted and I seen there's a better path for Jesus. There's no going back for me. I'm going to let the way he says to do what he says to do. You can choose whatever road you choose. But I'm going to love the way he says to love. Just the way he says to trust. This world alone will never be enough. I'm going to walk with Jesus. I'm going to walk I'm going to walk. I'm going to walk with Jesus. I'm going to walk with [Music] Jesus. It's why I follow where he goes. All the lost. He keeps moving. [Music] Jesus [Music] very what he says to do. You can choose whatever road you choose. I'm going to love the way he says to love. Trust the way he says to trust. This word alone will never be enough. I'm going to walk with Jesus. I'm going to walk. I'm going to walk. I'm going to walk with Jesus. I'm going to walk with Jesus. I'm going to walk. I'm going to walk. I'm going to walk with Jesus. still I will follow. [Music] I'm going to walk. I'm going to walk. Still I won't follow. I'm going to walk. I'm [Music] going to follow. [Music] I'm going to let you say [Music] to [Music] you just the way to trust this world alone. I'm going to walk. I'm going to walk. I'm going to walk. I'm going to walk with Jesus. I'm going to walk with Jesus. I'm going to walk. I'm going to walk. I'm going to walk with Jesus. I'm going to walk with Jesus. [Music] I'm going to walk with [Music] Jesus. Thank you. And then beautiful song. Thank you very much for that. Um, now we'll have the choir. Um, they can all come up. [Music] [Music] All my life I long to be a hero. My sword raised high. You run into the battle. I was going to take giants down. Be a man you would ride about. But deep in my chest is the heart of a warrior. So why am I still standing [Music] here? Why am I still holding back from you? I hear you call me out into deeper waters, but I settled on this shallow way. So why am I still standing? Was so afraid. What it might cause to follow me? I'd walk by faith if I could get these feet to move. But I don't want to live that way. I don't want to look back someday on a life that never stepped across the line. So why am I still standing here? Why am I still holding back from you? You've given me a faith that can move a mountain, but I'm still playing in the sand. Building little kingdoms that will never stand. I hear you call me out into deeper waters. I don't want this shadow. I'm so tired of standing here. What if I gave everything to you? What if I gave everything? What if I stop holding back from you? Starting now, I'm stepping out onto the waters. What if I gave everything? What if I stop holding back from you? Starting now I'm stepping out onto deeper waters. Want to see some mountain? What if I gave everything? What if I stop from you? Starting now I'm stepping out onto the deeper waters. What if I gave everything? What if I stop going back from you? Starting now, I'm stepping down on the water. I want to see some [Music] mountains. Ready to give [Music] everything. Say goodbye to standing [Applause] here. Beautiful. Thank you very much for that item as well. Amen. Let me just sing one more before Ari comes up. Let me stand and sing this one. Holy Spirit, rain down. [Music] and oh comforter and friend how we need your touch again. Holy Spirit [Music] reign [Music] forever. Let your love. Let your voice be more. Come and change our heart as we said our Lord. [Music] is great. [Music] No way I see, no ear I serve, no mind can know what God has in store. Open up [Music] heaven. Open it wide over your church and over our lives. Hol is God. [Music] [Music] rain down. Let your fire fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit, rain down. Holy Spirit. Holy Spirit rain down [Music] rain. Oh my friend. I need your touch again. Holy [Music] Spirit [Music] [Laughter] rain. Let your power fall. Let your voice be heard. Come and change our hearts as we stand on your word. Holy Spirit rain down. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. I believe that's our desire. Amen. The Lord works in our hearts. I mean, we had a wonderful, wonderful time last night. And I am so excited about today. so excited about the word, just looking forward to what the Lord has for us. And it's really special to be outside of our outside of our, you know, our normal routine, our normal cycle. And um it's a it's an opportunity to um you know, step out of our comfort zones a little bit. Um you know, it was just as I as I uh started singing here, just realized, you know, there's not the monitor speakers we have in church. And you know it's it's it's camp time, right? It's not the same. Our musicians is definitely a little different. Really enjoy the saxophone. That's really special. Brother Alistister, you probably a sax, don't you? No. Ah, yes. Yeah, that's a no. Which means a yes. That's right. Yeah. So, we we might need to sample that over the weekend sometime. Praise the Lord. And we just want to welcome each and everyone this morning. Let's just take a moment to dedicate our hearts to the Lord before the before the word comes. We just want to ask the Lord to to enter our hearts and to break break down every walls. Maybe if there's someone that's ill or that's got a need on your heart, you can express it to the Lord now as we pray. Our most wonderful and loving heavenly father. Oh father, it's just such a privilege, such a blessing, Lord, to to serve you, Lord Jesus. And Lord, my heart just wants to overflow with thankfulness and joy, Lord. Lord, joy for what you've done for us. Joy for the word that you pour out upon us, Lord. Our father, I am so thankful or just fellowshipping about where we come from and how how legalistic things used to be and how our balances were so wrong, Father. But because you cared, Father, you you come and show us more, Father. You show us more light, Father. Lord Jesus, and you open your word to us. You reveal yourself to us, Father. Lord, and we're so thankful, Lord. But it's not by our intellect. It's not by our abilities, Father, but it's by your grace. Lord Jesus, this morning, I want to come and ask, Father, Lord, that you will make this word alive to us. I, Father, I pray that you will break down every wall. Father, Lord Jesus, I pray that you will break down every human filter, our previous understandings, Lord, our building blocks that might not be of you. Father, I pray that you'll take those things down, Lord, so that we can, Lord, not just hear what the man says, Lord, but that we can hear what you intend with it, Father. Lord Jesus, that we don't just interpret your word through our filters, Father, but that we really take it in from you, Father. Lord Jesus, I just commit it to you. I lift Brother Alistister before you again. Pray, Father, that you will use that vessel for your glory. Lord, I also want to ask Lord if there's any any sickness. Lord, if there's any need among us, Father, you see those need expressed before you this morning. I pray, Father, that you will answer. Lord, Lord Jesus, there's no better place to bring all our needs than it is to bring it to you, Father. Amen. Lord, we just thank you. Have your way now, Father. Move among us, Lord. We ask it in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Before service, um, when the musicians was was playing, um, there was just such an anointing on that song. Oh yes. Oh yes, I'm a child of the king. Um, man, will you just help me find that quickly if you don't mind? Then we'll just call our brother up with that. Actually, I had the wrong song, but anyway, we'll sing this one. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. [Music] is royal [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] blood and vile can't sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. One more time together. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. His royal blood now flows through my veins. And I who was wreted and vile now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, I'm a child of the king. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may be seated. Thank you, musicians. Good morning. Happy to be here this morning. Amen. It's good to be in the presence of the Lord. And I certainly appreciate the fellowship of the saints. We fellowship till about 11:30 last night. And uh it didn't feel like we wanted it to stop. It was just so good. Um with brother Matan and you can imagine I think most of you know him. It was just wonderful question after question and just wonderful fellowship just sharing thoughts. I love that. I love that where we can just share what we see and just bounce it off one another. It's just awesome. Amen. I'm I'm looking forward to doing that for eternity. So, just certainly enjoy the fellowship with the saints and thank you for your uh spirit, your welcoming uh wonderful uh spirits and your the anointing that you bring into the service of the Lord. It's so uh uh blessed to be here. So, um I'm not sure. I think I saw some new faces this morning. Some of you might have just come in. Uh, and I don't know those of you who are not here, can you raise your hand last night? Okay. Did you catch a streaming? You did? Not really. Okay. Uh, yeah. So, just I'm trying to keep to the time as best as we can. I believe in what the camp is about and I believe it's about fellowship. It's about getting together, getting out of your comfort zone. So, I'm not going to be here to teach uh uh mysteries and doctrines and uh you know that kind of thing. We want to make the message um uh easy to apply to our lives. Amen. Understanding and that's what I believe it's all about. So, last night we introduced our topic which is the um how it all works. Uh let's see if it's loading. Yeah. So how it all works and this is going to be part two and it's teaching on the seed. And so we uh where are the children? I have to pick on the children again. You all remember right the four things that a seed needs. What is it? Water. Water. Soil sun or or light and air. Okay. So you all believe that there's a seed of God in your heart. So it needs ground, it needs water, it needs air, and it needs light. And you are responsible for that seed. And you need to know whether you're getting those things. Some people just are interested only in light. And they don't realize with only light and no water, you're not going to get any growth. Some people just want water. Don't realize they drown out the seed. Nobody appreciates or cares about why the ground was chosen. And one of the most well they all are important, but then you have also the air. Of course, if you have no air to breathe, light and water is not going to work. Amen. So this is why we have to know how it all works and the um exactly what God wants for us in this day and it will give you so much of wisdom and you'll be able to take the mysteries this the the seals the thunders the church ages the vials the trumpets all these things do not become abstract mysteries or theories you actually know how these things apply to you and that's why I believe in campsmen so we and talk about these things. Amen. So, I want to begin by reading one of the most amazing scriptures in the Bible. So, today I should give you the plan. Uh this morning, we're going to deal with seed and ground. This evening we'll deal with rain and air or water and air. And then tomorrow morning for the Sunday service, we'll deal with uh light and the plant. All right. So, that's the plan. I I when I preached this in our church, I did it all in one service. It was about 2 and 1/2 hours. So, it was perfect that we're doing this at a camp where I could break each piece down and uh you know, just take a little short time. And so, I I rather not that it be preaching, but rather our spirits make contact with each other and we just talk it out. You happy with that? All right. So, let's go to uh Matthew chap 13:1 17-23. And you know it so well. You probably don't even have to read it. For verily I say unto you that many prophets, I love that. And righteous men have desired to see the things which you see and have not seen them. And to hear those things which you hear and have not heard them. Hear ye therefore the parable of the swer. Yet when you read hear ye therefore, it means it's referring to what I've just told you. Okay? So if the prophets and sages desire to see this, hear ye therefore. Right? Verse 19. When anyone heareth the word, what is the word? It's a seed. Amen. heareth the word of the kingdom and understandeth it not, then cometh the wicked one and catcheth away that which was sown in his heart. This is he which received seed by the wayside. Right? So now watch it. This parable is about comparing the grounds where the seed falls on. Amen. Okay. Uh verse 20. But he that received the seed into stony places, the same is he that heareth the word heareth the word. Hearing means understanding, and a non with joy receives it. How many people have we seen like that? Yet hath he not root in himself, but endureth for a while. That means he lasts for a time. For when tribulation or persecution ariseth because of the word, why does persecution and tribulation come up? Because of the seed, because of the presence of the word, right? If it were not for that, you'll be very happy being a drunkard. No issue, right? Persecution ariseth because of the word. By and by, he is offended. Last two. He also that receiveth receiveth seed among the thorns is he that hears the word again understands the word and the care of this world and the deceitfulness of riches choke the word and he becometh unfruitful that means he's actually taken it in and something else happens so I'm going to come back to this at the end and we'll explain it out properly so we we understand this and basically that the seed takes hold. The plant is actually growing but he bears no fruit. This is these are scriptures actually telling you there are people who's going to accept the word. They're going to even live it and live by it and somehow the other something happens that prevents them from producing fruit. Verse 23. He that received seed into the good ground is he that heareth the word and understandeth it, which also beareth fruit and bringeth forth some 100fold, some 60, some 30. Wonderful. Amen. So without getting into too much of that, I'll bring that towards the end and we'll close it off with that. Okay. So, do you already see I'm sure your appetites are already starting to you're starting to salivate because as we speak the word, you can start seeing things and thoughts are flying in. You're already understanding and you're already putting things together. Okay. So, today we're going to deal or we're going to deal like I said with the seed. Did I change? All right. So, that's my drawing of a wheat seed. It kind of looks like that. Okay. And I want us to first understand the seed. So let's see where we are. Okay. With time. Uh I want to start with the most important question. Do you know that seed that is in your heart is an eternal seed and it comes from God? That should make you sit down and stare at a wall for hours because it's it's in itself the thought of it is just crazy because when we consider who we are and that God thought it fit to put that into here is in itself all kinds of crazy because we'd be the first people to object. Lord, why me? Right? So, here's what I want us to understand about the seed. You don't even have to worry about the seed because the seed has all the power in itself to do everything and produce everything it's meant to produce. The only thing is there is a responsibility around um what we have to do to help that seed go along. And even if you're going to struggle with it, the only thing you're going to struggle with is your self-will because God is going to produce things and bring things your way. He knows when the Holy Ghost should come in. He knows the right time the light should arrive. He planted it. He is the great excavator. He is the one who knows the the plan of it and he's going to bring things in at the right time. As you've seen, it's just our self-will that kind of works against it, right? But the seed in itself has the complete intelligence, what it has to do and how it has to be the best to flourish the bre the the best at the right times. Amen. So let's start at the very beginning which is before the beginning of beginnings. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. That seed in your heart was an attribute in the self-existing one before there was anything. It was an attribute. It was what's an attribute? It's a nature unexpressed. It's potential. It's an it's a an ability. So if you look at that seed, a wheat seed, in that seed is the potential to have roots, to have a stalk, to have leaves, to have fruit, and to bring forth many seeds at the end. This is alpha, when the seed is produced, it's omega. Amen. The omega is exactly the alpha because it's going to produce more things and it will have the same power and potential of the original seed that went in at the beginning. Hallelujah. He says I am. That's a beauty part. I am alpha and omega. Not even really the in between. The in between is going to lead to the omega. I am he which was which is which is to come. The almighty. The beginning and the ending. the first and the last. In Revelations, he says it, he repeats that as if you didn't get it. Alpha and Omega. Okay, you didn't get that. First and last, you didn't get that. The beginning and ending. It's like he's punching it through. What's going to be at the end is going to be me. Glory to God. Glory. So, the seed was in him. Yes. And he who is all knowing, omniscient, omnipotent, omnipresent like the prophet said, knowing the beginning from the ending, he knows when that particular attribute should be planted, where in time, which dispensation, which country, which time, which wars, which pestilence, which he knows because He's the great excavator. He's He's the one who knows his seed. He knows exactly where it is, where it should go, what it should produce, which conditions should produce exactly what he wants out of it. You need to come to that understanding. That's the time where you really understand your salvation is when you accept that he chose me. He chose to place that seed in me. When everything I think of when all in my life resists that that's the only thought that that's going to hold you. Amen. When everything crashes down upon you. That's the only anchor that you can ever have. Right? I want to pause here for a second and tell you something. We make the the assumption, a very bad assumption that life with God is meant to be a bed of roses or prayer and fasting are supposed to be quick fixes that make our lives right. That has never been the case in the Bible. The Bible is the only religious book that brags about all the bad things about God's chosen. No. No. What other religious book says, "Look at our people, how bad they were." You have this God that says, "You, Israel, I've chosen you. You commit adultery. You deserve to have the greatest anger of mine against you, but here I am taking you back." And he talks about David and his mistakes and Abraham and he lied. Which person who writes a book about his own people writes all the bad things, right? And it's it's never a case of their lives were so peaceful. Even Solomon who had 40 years of peace, it even tells us what he did. He went and brought idol worshiping wives and built up temples to them and all of that. I mean, um, you know how it is when you get to funerals, you have to say good things about the dead, right? Barely anyone tells the truth. It's like, "Oh, he was so compassionate. He's a nice guy despite all this and that." You know, and then it's like we've got to be so diplomatic. It's so easy to do a funeral for an actually nice person, you know, and it's very easy. It just flows off the tongue. But you have uh this God of ours who just tells the truth. Amen. This is who they are. They were filthy, smarty, problematic, murmuring people. But I chose them for my purpose. I predestinated them. I gave them an outcome and they fought me. They actually tried to get out of it. And I had to tell them, "Do you know who you're dealing with? I created you. I chose you. I placed you. I I love that scripture that where he says I caused kings to rise and I removed kings. I brought up empires and I destroyed empires. This is him. So hallelujah. You are going to go through things in life. Saints, you are right now in the most beautiful time. You are the ones who the things that you see they desire to see and have not seen. The things you've heard. Amen. But you've been having, let me tell you, an easier time in the last few years. It's about to get really rough. This is in and you've seen it starting to happen. You are going to see the closest people to you fall away and reject the message. It's already starting and that's going to hurt you worse than sickness and cancer. You know that you are you might even see the death of a child which is enough to break everything in your family. I have seen it happen the death of a a wife or a husband or splitting up of a church. You're going to see things that's going to whittle things down. Don't be don't feel discouraged by that. It's got to be. Amen. you. This seed has to be tested to its maximum. But the seed has the power to overcome all of that. Hallelujah. Amen. So, let's not live under an illusion that this is once we get hold of this thing. And young people, don't think that the message is just going to change you and give you this life of absolute ease and you're going to, you know, have this beautiful husband or wife and his little crawling baby, you know, on the green grass with a white picket fence and the little poodle on the side and picture perfect. Yeah, that's not going to happen. You might start off that way, but everyone knows there are bills to pay, schools to go through, trials to get through. Children all the the the thing we all face is individual self-will. From the time your child is 2 years old and you say, "Don't do that." No. Right? Everybody knows that self-will starts from there. I want to. The rule of a child is it's mine. If it's mine, it's mine. If it's yours, it's mine. That's the rule of a child, right? Give me, it's mine. And self-will starts there. And the stronger the self-will, the more difficult it is to reason with uh with a child. And we grow up with that. And depending on how you are brought up, there are parents that will try to break a child's self-will. There are some parents who will say just let him be the way he is. But self-will has to be guided because it was self-will that caused the fall in the garden of Eden. So there has to be wisdom and revelation that allows self-will to work correctly. Amen. So remember these things. This is uh this is what's ahead of you. Amen. So when we look at a seed and you just take the seed with its potential, it requires ground. Today we're talking about seed and ground. It requires ground. Water on its own, air on its own, uh ground on its own, light on its own cannot fulfill the complete nature of the seed. Amen. Right? So not let's even combine two of everything or even one uh one is not but even two let's say you can combine light and water it's still not going to be complete or water and ground it's still not going to be complete it has to take all things to work together right amen so the seed planted into the ground here's the beautiful part of it when the seed is planted into the ground what is the It's your body. It's your person. When the seed is planted into the ground at seed comes to life, the ground becomes chosen ground election. Amen. And there there in lies the struggle. Okay, that's the first part and we're going to talk about that. The seed is the word in thought form, in attribute form. The seed is the earliest form of the word right from seed it has to be spoken then it becomes word then it becomes action. So if the seed remains in seed form it's still pointless. It has to become manifested. It has to become spoken. It has to be confessed. It has that's the whole purpose of of salvation and profession of your faith. That seed has to start moving through all its cycles. Amen. Let's read uh something here from the future home. There's just one quote on this. Are you still with us? If you've got eternal life, there is only one form. That's God. And you you are an expressed attribute. See, if you're not, you're not going to be there anyhow. You're an expressed attribute. Amen. No man can come to me except my father has drawn him. That's telling us who plants the seed, right? That's how you are called by the seed being planted. And the seed starting to ask for something. Amen. Which passes away all these old things, but these things don't. So it speaks of eternity. The Holy Ghost is eternal. Then you are in eternity where you was all the time. But you've just recognized what happened. So the first thing that must happen is when that seed comes to life is you have to understand inside you that you was all the time. You have to start accepting that you just only start to recognize you was all the time. That's a hillbilly Kuckian language, right? You were all the time. There's something inside you that is eternal that comes from God from the very beginning. Saints, young people, you have to apprehend that thought. Uh I'll tell you that's my personal experience. That was the moment of my salvation in uh the message. I was grown up in the message. I went through all the the emotions. I went through the baptism. I went through the altar calls. I went through the great wonderful anointings. But I can tell you I was just living a life of a traditional religious person. And there was nothing until this grabbed me that I saw myself in him before the foundation of the world and recognized that I am no longer the son of Steven Jennifer Francis. that I come from somewhere else and where I accepted that seed to be who I am and who I want to be. Yes. And when I accepted that, I realized I don't have to I'm going to struggle and I did with many things. One of the things you struggle with is, you know, Lord, uh why do I have these gifts? You know, I I I could play sport really well. I was really good at cricket and rising up to like a professional and having the opportunity to step into our South African national squad. I and that's part of my testimony which we'll talk about tomorrow. But when you're that kind of person and you're asking God and you're confused, you think all gifts come from God. I had to understand. No, no, this gift doesn't come from God. It's just a gift. People are born with gifts, with talents. Some of us just have uh quick hand eye coordination. Some of us have musical gifts. We can sing, we can play music, we can those are musical gifts. They are only of God when they are used by the word. Other than that, gifts and callings are without repentance. Repentance means a change of mind. They are just gifts. We make the mistake thinking they are just gifts of God. You know, you see all these sports stars, they get onto the field and they cross themselves. They make prayer. It's like, you know, whichever way they're Muslim, they bow to the ground. If they're Catholics or something, they what what are they saying when they Lord, please help me score a goal. I want a hat-tick today. And and if I score the goal, I'm going to praise Jesus. No, you come out of there a narcissist glorifying yourself. and making yourself an idol to all the other people who's going to worship your name. Messi Ronaldo, you know that kind of thing. And it's just narcissism. You're bluffing yourself that you're praising God for a gift he gave you. It's nonsense. Those gifts are things of man. That's not what the seed comes to produce. Hallelujah. At the same time, the seed is not a nature that's to make you a great church person. That's right. The seed has got nothing to do with religion. Right? So, let's understand this before we get to the ground. Let's look at the dispensations of time. Right? Everyone here I know I know we love church. We were born in it. It's like second nature. If we wake up in the morning and don't pray or do something, we start feeling backsliden, right? If we don't come to church, we start feeling backsliden. We we get regret. We feel convicted. We call it convicted. Is it really the Holy Ghost convicting you or you just feeling guilt about not doing something you are religious about? How did it start? The Garden of Eden. There was no church. There was no Bible. There were no books. There was no prayer. There was no service. There was no opening in prayer, closing in prayer, take up the offering, deacons, no pastors, no song leaders, no hymns. So what did Adam do? Can you even imagine the human condition? Can you even imagine serving God without church? Do you have an idea of how to do that? Some people who did the stay at home and listen to tapes thing thought that's a way some people and then you might be sitting so you might be sitting there thinking okay so what do I do? Do I leave church and do this on my own? No, not today. You cannot do that today. But I'm trying to show you where we are in our mentality when a life with God was independent of religion. Brother Bham calls that the conscience age which lasted from Adam to Abraham. There was no church. How did Enoch reach rapture material without church? Without religion, without fasting, without prayer, without sacrifice, sacrifices hadn't even come in yet. Yeah, I know. U Abel offered the lamb, but there was no law for sacrifice. There was no did Enoch really have to sacrifice a lamb. It only tells us about Abel. So how do the saints of that time including Noah, in fact, the Bible tells us Noah found grace in the eyes of God because he kept his lineage straight. He just did not mix with the false seed of Cain. And he yet we know the guy ended up being a drunkard. Noah was a drunkard. He enjoyed his wine. First thing he did when he got over on the on the on the next earth started planting grapes and then enjoyed his wine. And not just enjoyed his wine, he drank till he was unconscious. These are the heroes of the faith. How much uh how much forgiveness would you have had for brother Noah? Yeah, that's my point to step in here with I know we speak a lot because we learn so much from legalism and we we don't like legalism. But here's the truth. There is nothing wrong with the law. The law is perfect. There's nothing wrong with pointing out sin for what it is. Sin is sin. Wrong is wrong. There's nothing wrong with tell you you should not commit fornication. You should not commit adultery. You should not kill. You should not steal. That is the truth. You should not be doing it. Putting it plainly, you may not be a sinner for doing it, but you are a crazy fool. I'd like to say it that way. You're silly, stupid. You're going to mess up your life. We're all fools in some way. But that's the way it should be taught. The issue when it becomes legalism is how you police the law. Exactly. Because policing the law, you see when you have a law, the law tells you this is wrong. And Paul says when I was without the law, I was I was better off. Once the law came in, it took me prisoner and made me worse than ever before. He says I was actually happier without the law. When the law came in, and he said the law is great, right? It's it's the truth. But once the law came in, it made me prisoner. Why? Because when the law is made known to you and you know what is wrong and you transgress it, you become a transgressor. Before you know the law, you're not a transgressor because you were ignorant of the truth. Once you are a transgressor, then you have to pay the judgment for being a transgressor. Now the the thing is how do we pass judgment for the transgression? That's the part where we damage each other. legalism really in the message where it was perverted is the policing of the law. So how this works in the courts of law is if you transgress the police arrest you you get a an advocate on your behalf but there is a prosecutor. The prosecutor knows the law and he's the one who brings you before the judge. Who's the judge? And here's the problem with message people. We all think to judge is to hand out punishment. The judge's job is to check how much of mercy to hand out. Because the prosecutor is is going for the full judgment. He's like, "He murdered someone. He deserves the death penalty." The advocate is going to come and say, "But it wasn't intentional or it wasn't premeditated. It was accidental. Maybe there's manslaughter. maybe it wasn't homicide. Uh he's going to argue from your point. He's going to say, "Well, there was a little bit of mental instability." He's saying he's going to say, "Judge, uh he had a a problem in his family." So the prosecutor is going to go full penalty. The advocate is on your behalf is going to appeal for your intentions, right? And then the judge is going to look at the prosecutor's side and the advocate side and say, "Okay, I understand." So instead of death penalty, we can reduce that to 20 years in prison. But then I can see how contrite the man is. He's really asking for forgiveness. And the judge is saying, I can drop that another 5 years. And then we look at some of the details and some of the prosecutors, you can see the prosecutor, he's just his nature. He just really wants to to take you out from at the knees. He's saying, "No, there's a some of the evidence was misconstrued. He'll drop that a little bit more." And he'll say, "Okay, 10 years." What was the judge doing? Handing out grace where you were actually guilty. That's what's missing from the message. Message people, not the message is they misunderstand what judgment is. Judgment is about how much grace to give when there is an actual transgression. That's what you need to bear in mind when you're dealing with your children, when you're dealing with husband and wife. Of course, everyone breaks a law. All of us break a law. We we do wrong things. We transgress against one another. And then obviously the person who says, "I'm so sorry," wants full pardon. You know, like my son came up to me and that time we, you know, I told him not to do something and he came to me and he thought I I I say to them, maximum punishment in this house is if you lie to me. Lies is demonology. Do not lie. Tell the truth and things are good with us and uh everything is about the truth about transparency in our hearts. Do not lie because once you lie that's what once you cover things up once you have deceit you head over into demonology and you attach those spurs to you. So that's a big thing in our home. So my son comes running up to me. Dad I'm so sorry I did this wrong thing. Uh you told me not to do it. I'm so sorry. You know um I'm I'm ready. Um, I'm really sorry about it. I hope you can forgive me. I said, okay, thank you, son, for telling me the truth. You're grounded for 2 weeks. He said, "But I told the truth." I said, "Yeah, you did tell the truth. I'm so proud of you for that, but you also did something wrong. So, you have to accept some punishment for it. I can't let you get away, but hey, I love you for telling me the truth. Good going. But you're still grounded for 2 weeks, right?" He looked at me. He processed it. You can see his wires going across a little bit. And then he said, "Okay, no, I can deal with this." But there must be an understanding that when there's a transgression, there has to be something to pay, right? But if you tell the truth, if you're honest, if you're contrite, if you're repentant, you're going to be rewarded. The the punishment is going to be lessened. That's what we need to learn so we can have the freedom to come ask forgiveness. Amen. very important to understand there's nothing wrong with the law. It's right to know what is right to do and it we have to point out when things are wrong. So just because we don't like legalism does not mean we become liberal and don't worry you can do whatever you want. We're just going to forgive you. You must accept there is some portion I have to pay because that's going to clean my spirit out. Amen. But when you have a group of people and a church with revelation, they're going to lead you into the right way. So coming back to the seed, that seed has to be nurtured. Amen. And God has chosen the ground for it. Amen. You are in eternity where you was all that time, but you've just recognized what happened. Right? So we move from the conscience age and then God brings in the law after Abraham. brings in the law of circumcision from here on. I got to take this off. It's getting warm. Ste, I'm getting comfortable. Okay. So, brings in the law. Now, from Adam, are you still with me? From Adam to Christ, brother Brandon calls that the dispensation of the father. And under the dispensation of the father, why is it father? Invisible God, God above the people, God who cannot be seen. If you see him, you die. Right? He cannot be touched. You cannot come up to the mountain. All the laws because this is this is the father. Father is working is a relationship. Father is not a name of God like father, son, holy ghost. They thought they are names or a different person. Father is a is an an English word which which reflects a relationship to man. Amen. So why is he father? Because his relationship to me is instruction and providing a purpose. He's a father deals with children. Got it right? So in other words, from Adam to Christ, they were all children. Humans were children. They were infant in mindset. They were uh from Adam all the way to Abraham. As as weird as it sounds, they were like infants. From Abraham all the way to Christ, they were like teenagers because now it comes up with thou shalt not. Thou shalt and if you do, there's going to be punishment. You're not dealing with God's no longer dealing with them by conscience. Now he's giving you a law. He's he's correcting the nature of the flesh. You shall not kill. You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul. You shall not commit adultery. You shall not covet. Honor your father and your mother. You shall keep the Sabbath. Then Deuteronomy. Deuteronomy, right? Two laws. If you do this, you'll be blessed. If you do not keep it, you'll be cursed. He's dealing with teenagers. Do you see that between father and children, there's still distance, it's not really a close relationship, right? And it's the thing. A lot of people take the message and they want a distant relationship, because it feels safe, right? Just keep instructing me. You tell me what to do. You correct me. You And that kind of relationship with God is not intimate. It's not close. And if it was meant to be that way, he wouldn't have brought in a son of man ministry. The son of man ministry ended the father dispensation. It was God moving from the invisible to Emmanuel. God with us. No longer God above. God invisible. God cannot be touched. God cannot be seen. Now he's God with us in the flesh without controversy. We have seen God in the flesh. Amen. They could touch him. They could punch him. They could spit on him. They could crucify him. That was the same God that was the pillar of fire in the time of Moses. But what changed? The relationship changed. What was son of man? Brother. He came to bring many brothers like unto himself. But that's that's a son of man ministry. God with us. Then he leaves and becomes the Holy Ghost which is the grace dispensation. Now what is grace? Grace is giving you space to make your mistakes and learn. Look at the difference between Moses the Lord dispensation and grace. That's what grace is. Grace is telling you, everyone sings about grace and prays about grace. Grace is actually telling you, I know you're a transgressor, but I'm giving you space to improve. How did Christ do that? Christ said, I do not come to do away with the law. I come to magnify the law. So he says, if Moses said to you, thou shalt not kill. I say unto you, if you're angry with your brother without a cause, you have killed already. So there were the Pharisees saying, we did not kill anyone. We are perfect. We keep the law. Christ came and said, "No, as long as you think about doing it, you're a transgressor." Why did it? Now, if you think about legalism, that would be like the height of legalism. Like who's going to In other words, Christ saying the way I'm teaching you, none of you are going to say you can do this by works. Exactly. Nobody can do this by works. In other words, he magnified the Lord to make it impossible to be self-righteous. I mean to say Moses said, "You shall not commit adultery, but I say to you, if you lust after a woman, if you think about it, you are guilty as if you committed the act." Right? It was like the disciples were saying, "Well, which one of us are going to pass that one?" You know, then he spoke about honoring your father and mother. You took that law and you said, "Well, once a year I come and give a sacrifice and honor my father and mother." He says, "No, that's not how it works, right? You missed the whole law. You spoke about keeping the Sabbath. What did they do with the Sabbath? They took the Sabbath and poor guy dies. the the cow or donkey falls in the ditch and no I'm not supposed to sweat on the Sabbath so let it die you know it's like in the message I remember in Durban he had a a brother and sister in a car accident and uh the brother is behind the wheel he's unconscious there's like fuel leaking out the car and there's a sister there and she some she needs someone to get out the car and here's the message brother say no we're not allowed to touch a sister But it's okay for the unbelieving paramedic to touch the sister. Like, you become insane. Like, what would you do if the sister is drowning? I'm not allowed to touch her. That's foolish. That's the Lord did not come to make you foolish. You dive in there and try to save her. You get her out of the car. It doesn't matter even if her husband is there. That guy's going to forgive you. Trust me. This is the this is my point. It's these things are simple, right? I mean, you have the same prophet who who tells you there's a sister who's doing wrong. He's talking to a brother. Take your sister by the hand. Sit her down. Talk to her. Sister, dear. The same prophet. Amen. So different. How did we get to these self-righteous message people who became so foolish? It's exactly Pharisee where he's the Lord of the Sabbath and they're telling him how to handle the Sabbath. We've noticed your disciples eat food without washing hands. We wash hands and the pots. We are super clean. He looked at them and said, "I am Lord of the Sabbath." We plucked corn on the Sabbath day because we were hungry. We needed to eat. What is more important to die on the Sabbath day from hunger? It's like it's like it's it's common sense. You should be able to do that. So grace made the law impossible to live by so that everyone becomes equal. And when everyone is equal, everyone needs grace. You see the dispensation? So what's happening all the time is God is moving closer. He went from invisible father who could not be touched, could not have a relationship with him only instruction only lord to a brother who is among you who suffers with you who bears your iniquities together son of man ministry dies on the cross to the holy ghost who now comes upon you to help you suppress those very spirited natures so you can believe the word he's telling you you have ignorance you don't know everything they started off grace uh uh dispensation without church learning church making things up on the go learning by the Holy Ghost, dealing with different Gentile nations and different laws and traditions. Amen. They needed grace. They were Gentiles. They were struggling. These people had a a Mars Hill where they're going up and they've got a temple for the unknown god because the Greeks had this thing, you know, all the gods. We have to worship all of them because and if we don't worship one of them, they're going to get upset with us and cause something in our life. So we have the unknown god for the god just in case we forgot who you were or didn't know who you were. We don't want to bring out your anger upon us. Paul says that unknown god I'm going to tell you who he is. Amen. Praise be to God. That's where you come from. That's who we were. We were these Gentiles who needed grace because we were so filled with ignorance. And with ignorance we were going to mess up all the time. Yeah. And then another son of man ministry at the end of the age of grace. God with us again. Amen. The coming of the Lord. And what does a son of man ministry do? It changes a dispensation. Right? Changing from grace to love. The capstone. Love is the closest relationship that we know. Love. and and you're no longer described as father to children or brother to brother. It is now husband to wife. There is no relationship in the world that we know of that is closer than husband and wife. There is no other relationship we know that where they they the two can be one flesh. That is the relationship God always wanted with man. One flesh, union, united. That's what he wanted. So we in the message who want God to be distant. That means you want to live by instruction. You want to live by law or you desire, you're so thrilled with the Holy Ghost who gives you gifts and gives you anointing. That's still living under grace. You're actually admitting, I'm just want to I want to have the ability to transgress and just have pardon and continuously have space. But you've got to move past that. When you come to love, love coverth a multitude of sin. What is love? It's not about pushing the sin under the rug. When it says love coverth a multitude of sin, it actually means love continues and loves you even for your faults. Because even your faults become valuable. You can never feel that way under grace. This is why the capstone ministry is so important to us today. As the bride of Christ, he chose you for your faults. Your faults are actually going to work in favor of the word. That's where we have come to and to understand the chosen ground. So let's go to um oh did I pass this already? See, you were the stone in the sea. You were made for an eternal purpose because um you was the manifestation of an attribute that was in God. That thought of you and expressed you and he made earth to take you out of to make you a human being and sin come along and pervert it. So obviously this is the planet he's speaking of. But there is an earth where the seed is going to be planted. Do you not think he knew when you were going to be born in what particular time? Now let's let me make you understand this. This is this is what I mean. My salvation. This is how I understood salvation. The attribute of God that was in his in him before the foundation of the world was not called Alistister. It was his name. Amen. That was not Al Alistister. But God knew in the right time after his prophet William Brham during some part of time in South Africa there would be this Indian family and their ancestors would come through all the whatever histories and land up in this town of Newcastle and there would be these group of people and in there there would be this pastor's family and they would have these qualities and he could see a vessel that could meet the possibility and the criterion of this particular attribute. So he could predestinate by fornowledge. That's what he said. Once he plants that seed or that seed becomes he so if he's seen it the seed is planted it's waiting for the life to come in because once you recognize the word the seed starts to to grow right but he's already planted it because he's before you even knew it he already chose the time the vessel which is why when you're growing up as a child because you're already chosen brother Bam said no man saw sought God. No man has the ability to seek for God. You are all most of our testimonies, you know, I was searching for God. I was searching for God. He says, no, he was brooding over you because he chose that body. He chose that vessel. Yes. Unfortunately, the uncomfortable life that you had was because he was brooding. You just could not be satisfied with every moment because he's brooding. He's just brooding. He's waiting like the spirit of God moving upon the face of the waters in the beginning of the earth. He's brooding. So whatever you try and sin and you're just not happy. You try and do your own thing and you're just not happy because he's brooding. He knows the time that that seed should ignite. Amen. That's what he was doing. But he saw your place and time before the foundation of the world. And there was a specific unique attribute to your vessel which no one can tell you about which you can't compare yourself to another one. He actually knew where you would be. He even knows whether you would whether you should die, whether you should fall sick. He knew exactly each moment. And that seed is depending on every single condition because he appointed it to be so. Yes. Hallelujah. That's what you have to settle in your heart. When you do, you have peace. Amen. That attribute comes from the logos, the gene of your father. Brother says the thought of you and expressed you and he made earth to take you. The last part of that you come anyhow, but you was lost with the world. So he come and redeemed you. this expressed attribute and also redeems this earth by the same way not just the planet but the body. So because of the seed the the body becomes adopted the vessel the unworthy thing the thing with all the messed up genetics the thing with all the virus and bacteria and sinful natures and things passed down from from your from your parents. All the abilities in your body which come with all the negative things of your very nature. your race, your culture, your country, your town, whatever your teachers told you with all that, it adopts that ground. You know when Job says, I want us to appreciate this. When Job says, I look at a flower, it dies, the flower rises again. He says, if Job dies, will Job rise again? That when he says, if a man die, will he rise again? So I can imagine Job was probably thinking if I die do I come back like the same person? Is it this person or do I come back in another body? How is this working? And then we find out by grace and brother Maram actually went beyond the curtain of time and saw this same person rises again. Amen. This same person comes up. This person who came by permissive will, the seed turns that permissive will into perfect will. That's how powerful this is. It adopts the ground. Glory. Amen. Praise be to God. I love him, saints. And he says then, see, he redeems this earth by the same way. Then his purpose rolls on. The plant begins to grow. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, that does me so much good. Think of just what lays ahead from there on. It's the trials of the plant. Amen. Let's go to the next part, which is the ground. There's that seed stuck in the ground. The ground is your body. Amen. You come to all the trials, but the ground is chosen ground because he forneew it. Yes. Amen. Do you believe that? All right. So, we're going to close with this thought, but you're going to appreciate a whole lot about yourself because you're going to see yourself through God's eyes. Let's be honest, okay? We are the you can you can fight against people who judge you falsely. You get angry, right? Don't you with people who judge you? This new generation, don't be judgy. You're so judgy, you know. No judgment. No. But tell the truth. You are the greatest judge of yourself. You can get upset with everyone else who judges you. You're the one who condemns yourself the most. Nobody else is worse of a judge than you are. How do you know? You're the one who feels guilty. You're the one who feels like you need to be punished. You're the one who makes you lose sleep about it. It's your fault. You are the biggest judge of herself. You're so judgy about yourself, you even get constipated. Nobody else makes you constipated. You do it. Or you get irritable bowel syndrome. You give yourself anxiety. You give yourself depression. Nobody else does it to you. It's you. You are the worst judge you've ever met. Amen. You spend the time in the mirror making sure you leave the and you walk around and you're like adjusting yourself all the time. Nobody's even looking at you. They're not even interested. The one strand is standing up. They don't even notice it. You're like hairspray. Admit it. You are your worst judge. You are the one that makes you feel guilty. Not even God does that. Now, here's the thing about this this body, this ground that you have, it carries all the nutrients and characteristics to bring that chosen seed to its full potential. Wow. That you have to settle. How many how many farmers here agricultural farming? Okay. Plant seed. You understand seed. You understand ground. What's in that ground? Bacteria, filth, mold, worms, creatures of the dark. And then you even put animal excrement. We call it fertilizer. We add more stinky stuff to it because it makes the seed flourish. This is the truth. This is what the seed actually needs. And God knew all your mistakes, all your inadequacies, all your worms and your filth and your bacteria and the troubles you're going to have with life. Yes. Hallelujah. Let me let me tell you let me just give you one you know from a from a personal perspective. If you are a good musician or a good singer you are a rightbrain person means you are creative. You are passionate. You have you are artistic. You are dangerous. You are dangerous because you are you work on the side of sensuality. There's nothing wrong with it. You just need to know it's dangerous. You are going to be an immediate target like those beautiful children standing here. I'm going to pray for you. Because when you come up here in front with gifts, you become target number one. Because either that gift is going to be used to glorify God or to glorify self. It is going to be your trial from now till the time you're an adult. The only way to temper that thing is by the word to put your gift under subjection of the word to seek his face day and night to remain humble. Because every human has the the need to become relevant, noticed, powerful, and respected. It's called narcissism. It's called loving yourself. It's called loving your reflection. And yet God knows that. That's right. And God knows you were going to have this gift and knows you needed to learn how to handle it correctly and how it was going to lead you into trouble. If you're a good singer, you are going to be tempted to make a recording to cut an LP or an album or whatever it is that that you want to be a star. You could be on Something's Got Talent, you know, something or the other. Everyone's got talent nowadays. Britain and America and Poland and Greece and whatever. I don't know. But you'll be on something. You want to be on something's got talent or idols or something. And then in the church, people are going to love your gift. Look at how dangerous it is. People are going to request for you to sing a song. You are either going to think um Lord help me because this person has uh really loves that song and it touches their soul or you're going to be feeling proud that oh they love the way I sing. It's such a razor's edge. But hey, that's your worms. That's your bacteria. It's yours to deal with. some other person who, like brother Ram says, can't hold a tune in a coal bucket does is never going to fight that battle. That's yours. It's all yours. You're gifted. You got to deal with it. He placed a seed in your heart and that seed is going to need you to struggle with that gift because it's going to put potential in that seed as it grows to create wisdom to bring forth a life. And the seed that's in you is the only power to destroy those things or overcome or have the victory over those things in your life. Your victory is going to be nobody else's. Nobody else can have what you have, the trials that you have. That so even what I'm saying is, you know, and and this is what I try to do. Let's say there's a brother in my church who was a drug addict and he was a and I have some of them who've come out of it and they have got this incredible testimony. So when I go to counsel another young man who who has been in drugs, I take this brother with me because I don't know his attribute. He's the only one who's the master of that attribute. I actually do not know what it is like to be chemically dependent on anything. How am I going to counsel this fell? How am I going to tell him what he's going to go through? How am I going to This is why we are a body. If you're a person who's been through a divorce, you're the only person who is the master of it. Cuz you know what it's like to have mom and dad separated, what it is to go through children and go through uh what do you call it? What do they fight for? Custody. Custody battles. You know what it's like to deal with alimony and and maintenance and money and struggles. Those of you who've been through maybe fornication in your life are the only ones who know what it's like to have a spouse who doesn't forgive you for your past. I cannot explain that to somebody who's going through the same thing. I can try. I can go tell them you need the Holy Ghost. You need prayer. You need to get closer to God. But somebody who's actually walked that path is the master of that and has come through that and come to a place where they uh they have overcome it by their own personal struggle because there's a CG gene in there that gave them power to overcome. Let me tell you there are people who cannot deal with it. If you have two people, one they've had a past, they've had a previous marital partner or fornication in their life and this one has I literally had one brother tell me, "Brother, I I cannot deal with it when I'm when I'm together with her. I cannot think of her being with someone else." He says, "There's only one way I can think. I've got to go and be with someone else to make it equal." Do not do that. Do not do that. There is a Holy Ghost. There is a word of God. There's a seed inside of you. The fact that you are even feeling that way means there's a presence of God inside you asking you to do the right thing. Brother tells us and this is this is what I want to come to. There was a young man who was trying to tell me, "Brother Al, I've I've crossed the line between mercy and judgment. I cannot count the number of wrong things I've done. There is no way God can forgive me for what I've done." I'm standing there smiling at him and he's uh he's like, "What are you smiling? I'm trying to make you understand. I said, I understand you. You just don't understand you. And he I said, you're trying to prove to me that you've crossed the line. I said, okay, do you believe the prophet is a prophet of the hour? Yes. Do you believe the Bible? Yes. I said, we're 50% there. So, he said, "What do you mean?" I said, "Well, Brother Bam said, you wouldn't be feeling guilty about your life if you didn't have the seed inside you." Amen. He said you wouldn't even be feeling sorry about it if you didn't have the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. You there's no human who would be feeling like he needs to repent unless there is a presence of God. He says as long as that feeling is there, he's still got you. If you lose that feeling, if you feel if you if you reject the word and reject the truth and you do not feel any conscience whatsoever, you're just I can do what I want. You don't tell me what to do. I don't care about the message. I don't care about the prophet. And people can even say those things out of anger. But inside there, there's turmoil. Here's the lifeline. Brother says, as long as that feeling is there, that seed is there. You know there's a seed. This is not some human conscience that feels sorry. I know all the people who do whatever they want to and are enjoying themselves. They don't have any conscience. They don't have any regret or remorse. They don't care. There's literally people who feel like, "Oh man, today's a day, a new day. I can just go commit adultery again and I'm happy." There's some guys who like, "Yeah, my wife and I have an open relationship. What is that?" Yeah. We can just do what we want to. There is no conscience. There is no seed. But you and I are constantly whipping ourselves. No, no human wants to literally do that. The only reason you would is because there is a seed inside. Amen. There is a Holy Ghost brooding over you. That is enough to tell you that God is with me. Amen. And at some point it's going to bring you to a place where enough is enough. Amen. But what you've got to get is you are the chosen ground. That he foresaw that he would put a seed inside and that seed is going to grow to full potential. Wait, the water's coming. The light's coming. Amen. Hold on. Amen. The chosen ground has everything that is needed to sustain maturity. That means the struggles, the personal life struggles that you are going to go through, God has already foreseen it. God already knew Abraham was going to say okay to give his wife to Abumc and chose him. I mean, which one of you fathers would give your daughter to a man like that? I'm I'm afraid for my life. Sure, Aimilec, you can have my wife. Never. Amen. God knew this man was going to lie. God knew this man was going to listen to his wife and take Heagga and produce Ishmael, who's going to produce the Islamic nation, who's going to cause all the terrorism and wars in this world in the Middle East. God knew it. Goded it because God needed that seed that was in Abraham. God needed him that struggle to continue for that seed to come to maturity. Amen. God knew it. The ground, the body has a duty to that seed, the original seed. And do you know what the ground's purpose is? Here's the mystery of it all. The seed has to die. That's right. Sure. The ground is going to cause the seed to die first. Why? Because verily, verily, I say unto you, except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone, but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit. Which means that g that the message you receive, your life is going to resist it and try as best as possible to crush it, to disbelieve it, to reason it out, to kill it in every possible way. But here's the mystery. The more you do that, the more the life is going to push out. Except it fall into the ground and die. Except the message of the hour be completely rejected in the world, it's not going to be seen for what it really is. Except Christ was to be crucified, salvation was never going to be known. Hallelujah. You are going to go through an absolute rejection of the word, the message, even personally where you are not telling people that you don't agree with something you read and you don't really like that and you don't really like church and you don't really like the preaching and you don't really like this and you you that's your ground that he chose. He wants you to go on with that. He wants that to happen. He knows he's bearing with you. is for seen it. Except the seed fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone. So get used to it. Your ground is going to cause all sorts of trouble for the gene seed. No one else's fault. Your chosen ground. This is how it all works together. So sooner or later, you'll come to the point where I need to stop trying to make this guy look extra righteous just so that people can respect him. I have to be honest. Just admit my faults. You know why? I have an inclination towards that. I've got a problem with music. I'm a gifted person. Once in a while, I really sneak in and listen to some worldly stuff. You know, it appeals to me. I need to But you don't have to remain there. You can you can go you find message people. I I hate even the words message people. I like rather the the believers or the bride, the saints, you know. It even sounds even better because once you start saying message people, you already sound like a movement. Amen. The real true bride believer. Amen. Your ground has been chosen by God. Amen. And the mystery behind it all is you have to come to the understanding that your ground was chosen to cause the seed to die so that it can bring forth. At some point or the other, you are going to stop judging yourself for the things you have done wrong. For the things you have failed in, you are going to forgive yourself for your past. Thank you, Lord. And when you do, others will feel that and they'll forgive you. Here's another thing. What is forgiveness? See, everything is in these concepts. What is forgiveness? Forgiveness is not an apology and then someone saying it's okay. We accept your apology. That's apologies and acceptance of apologies. That's not forgiveness. When someone has done wrong even to you, someone has done something wrong to you. Forgiveness is restoring your brother back to his relationship with you. and giving him value. That's forgiveness. That's what people do not do. See, it's not enough to come here and apologize and say, "Okay, well, I apologize. I I've been in the church all my life. I've seen that. I've seen apologies. I've seen tears in front. I've seen people cry and and the pastor says, "Thank you for your confession. We're happy to welcome you back in the fold. go sit down and then you go there and you're still treated like the plague. Yeah, exactly. Like other people, the children do not associate with that. They had a bad spirit on them. Don't be friends with that person. They did some really bad wrong things. They might be a bad influence. I know your your parents, you're being protective. Some of us would have done that. But you have to bring value back to that person. If you are saying you're forgiving, you have to make that person come back to level ground and say, "You and I are the same. We are brothers in this fight. You are valuable to me. How do I make them of value?" You have to minister to them. You have to raise them up in their spirit. You have to bring back because they've just been devalued by the enemy. They've been devalued by people around them. Forgiveness is giving them back value. That's true forgiveness. How do you know? Look at how Christ forgave. Amen. The woman who was washing his feet and how this the Pharisees were devaluing her in front of them. He says to since I have been here, you have not washed my feet but she has not stopped. Right there. He put her on a level that was higher than the Pharisees. Amen. Here was he who was Christ, who was the savior, who was God himself in flesh, uplifting someone who the whole world would have rejected and he gave her value. That's the thing we because and it's a weakness because we don't even know how to give ourselves value. We struggle with giving another person value. It's like it should be this and I'm just I don't even know because it's so unique with every person. If your wife has made you upset and she comes to you and she hugs you and say, "Honey, I'm so sorry. Please forgive me. I was so foolish. I should never have done I should never have said that or something." And you stand there and say back tap like we men do, you know. It's okay, honey. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. That's so condescending. It's okay means I'm glad you know you were wrong. You know, now we can establish our dominance all over again. That's not forgiveness. How do I lift her value back? I'm just going to be I'm going to break down crying. I'm I'm so sorry I made you do that. I'm so sorry I gave you the impression to to even say that to me. I'm so inadequate myself. Let me take you for breakfast. you know, in some stupid male way. Something I can do to buy you a teddy bear, you know, for something or do something to bring you back with value. You know, men, teddy bears, and chocolates and flowers. That's the only thing they taught us. We need new ideas. Those things are getting stale, right? I mean, wouldn't it be better if I climbed this volcano and came down with a wilting flower and said, "You know how much effort it took?" And she'd be like, "This is the sweetest thing." She'll press it in between books and keep it for life. You know, give them value. Bring back value. Amen. That's what forgiveness realism. You see how much more there is to the message? how much more there is to the mysteries. Right? You know what happens when you lift people up and bring value back to them? They become the strongest people, loyal, patriotic to the word. They will stand with you till the day you die. That's what happens when you give value back to people. That's actually what forgiveness. Think about God's forgiveness to us. Think about no matter what we've done wrong, no matter how many times, the fact that he knows, that he sees, that he hears, that he knows our thoughts, that even while we're doing something wrong, he's even there knowing and watching what we're doing. And yet, he still tells a prophet to tell you, you are virtuous, sinless, virgin born, bride of the Lord Jesus Christ. You were in my mind before the foundation of the world. He's how who can give value like that? True. And still he provide for our needs. He helps us in in times of trouble. He gives us wisdom from the word. There is preaching that comes from ministers, from people that just brings you back in the fold and lifts you up. He's doing everything to bring you value back and you're just whipping yourself. But he's the one you're the one saying, "I've crossed the line." He's not even He's saying there is no line. You're my bride. There is no line for a bride. There's a line for a church, but for a bride, there is no line. There is no divorce. So, what line are you talking about? Praise be to God. Chosen ground. The seed must die for the life within to be exposed. You know, I feel like you we've got it. But I want to go quickly back just very quickly through all that and not all that, just that, and we can close. Musicians, you can come up. For verily I say unto you that many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which you see, and you have and have not seen them, and to hear those things which you hear, and have not heard them. Hear you therefore the parable of the swer. So look at this very quickly. When one heareth the word, the word heareth means understanding. He that hath an ear the ability to hear the word, let him hear, let him understand what the spirit is saying to the churches. Hearing is understanding. And heareth the word of the kingdom and understandeth it not. Like that sounds like a parable. So what are you not understanding? You're understanding the word that is coming to you, but you're adding interpretation to it, false interpretation, or you're not understanding the purpose of it. So, you receive the message, but you're walking just following the crowd, right? What's going to happen is then cometh the wicked one, the wicked one. That means temptations. Temptations are going to make you fall. They're going to catch you away. They're going to catch away that which was swn in the heart. This is he which receives seed by the wayside. That means the seed just fell on the ground and it was left and the birds can just come and pluck it away. That's temptation, right? That has happened to so many people. What? Why? Because there was no water. There was no breaking up the fellow ground. There was nothing to let it sink in and take hold and take root and let the seed die. The seed was just left. You're just following the crowd. you're following through the Red Sea because everyone's going in that general direction. It if you don't let it sink in the soul, if you don't let it get inside, if you don't let it work on you, if you're just living the message by traditions, if you're just walking along with the crowd, at some point you are going to be taken by temptations. Amen. Simple. He that receiveth the seed into stony places, there's your legalist. The same is he that heareth the word and with joy receiveth it. Yet there's no root in himself. That's a stony heart. That's a heart that's ruled by complexes. A legalist is one who has fear. He actually is a nice person. He just doesn't want to admit it. He's actually someone who has so much of fear and doubt and he himself has been devalued along his life's way. He himself has been whipped and and subjected to things of of a restrictive church or ideology. He just really needs a hug. Somebody take him sit down and said, "Brother, I love you." He needs a hug. He doesn't need more criticism. The more you whip him, the harder he gets. And the problem with a stony heart is the root doesn't take. And he he endures for a short while for then tribulation and persecution starts and rises because of the word split in a church disorients him. Uh somebody preaching a false doctrine disorients him. What's happening when things go wrong? If his family does something wrong, he thinks the only way is make the law stricter. Tighten up. Fix this. Sort this out. Judge it. make sure that they're not going to criticize me because if I because he he doesn't understand criticism is actually good. Correction is good. The law is perfect. But he feels like if I say it, if I do it, they're going to judge me. So tighten up. Make it and make sure you tell them I I excommunicated my own son because I I stand on principle on God's [Music] word. You know, excommunication. If if there's something wrong with your left hand and the doctor say you got to cut it off, how quick do you make that decision? You'll be, I want a second opinion. Give me time. Just give me time. I don't want to lose it. I don't want to cut it off. How quick do we excommunicate someone from church without love? How how much time do you give that person who's been through something? Is 2 weeks really enough? And then the Bible says, "Take two witnesses. If they don't listen, take it to the church." The church, if you're about to correct someone with excommunication, every member of the church needs to try and restore that brother. You visit him, you phone him, you pepper him because you believe he's a part of your body. You can't just make an instant decision to cut him off. Every one of you phone him, visit him. Don't give up. The only way he will be is like when it turns gangangerous and it doesn't even want to be a part of your body. So it turns gangrronous and it's it's saying I reject the word. I hate this word. I hate the prophet. But if you know it's somebody who just made a mistake was done something wrong even if it's grievously wrong and he's not ready to repent because he's going through issues your job as the church is to win him back. Amen. You don't just slice your your your your body part off. This is excommunication is completely an act of love. Most people in message circles get to take two witnesses and then if they don't listen, give them time. That's wrong, saints. You can win that person back by giving them value. They'll see value when every one of you reach out to them. Even if you can't say sit there and counsel him say brother Alistister what do I say sometimes it's so hard and then we know this the pastor even tells us don't talk to him you're not allowed to it's not even your job to do so it is and that pastor is leading you wrong if it tells you you have to in some way and if you want to go speak to your pastor and tell him pastor I've had this experience I know what it feels like I think I can do something let me just take him some food or take him a meat pie or something and have a a breakfast with him or something and just encourage him and tell him, "Brother, I'm praying for you. I really want to see you back. I know you're going through something. You don't have to be a deacon or a trustee or an office holder, but this is part of your body and you need to win him back." I feel sorry for the legalists because I know they've been secretly whipped in their lives. They've been treated, mistreated. They've been made to become hard. They've been made to become rulekeepers. And they don't know. They're robbing themselves of true happiness. Yet he hath no root in himself. But endureth for a while. That's the problem with that legalistic approach. It's not going to be long. You are going to end up in depression. Live with, you know, with people with a stony heart. You can just see it on their face. There's no joy of salvation. They will stand in church. They're the type of people be watching. Song service is too long. Preaching is too long. This is out of order. Cood. That in psychology is like OCD. It's it's it's mental health gone wrong. Right? It's like it it makes you anxious if just one thing is out of order. Right? But there is no there's nothing orderly about the seed taking root and dying and mess and filth. Brother Baron said salvation is a messy affair. Praise be to God. God is wonderful. He also that receives seed among the thorns is he that heareth the word and care for this world. And all right, he hears the word. He understands the word. care for the world is family life, bills to pay, children to educate, uh things to do. And the deceitfulness of riches, deceitfulness of riches is where exactly that you need to excel. You need to excel in career. You're placing career above your eternal purpose. You're placing business. You're placing you can skip church when you know there's no reason you can leave it for Monday. You'll even do this with family. You'll bring work home and neglect a wife who's just needing a hug. You'll neglect a husband who's just needing a hug or just needing a conversation. You're putting all of this is the deceitfulness of riches today. Why? Because in your mind, I have to get this done because I got a deadline for for the weekend. I've got a deadline for the end of the month. But you're putting things in a way and what does it say? It chokes the word. And when you choke the word, it makes it unfruitful. Then you stop seeing the fruits of the spirit. Then you start to become an unlovable person. Fruits of the spirit. Love, joy, peace. Amen. That's what people, you know, there's some people you just love to be around. They do, they don't look at you with a different kind of lens. They just want to fellowship about the word. They're not extra critical. They're not always stressed. You know, a highmaintenance friend is is complicated. We don't like highmaintenance relationships. We want people, you know, just smile more, just laugh more, just, you know, relax. God has saved us. God has drawn us together. We have this beautiful message. Let's not overcorrect each other. Amen. Let's not uh uh point out each other's faults all the time. Praise is also good. You're bringing up a child. It's okay to say, "Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that." But it's more important to say, "Well done. You did a great job. This was good. You can do it better. Let daddy show you. How about this way?" And the child was, he looks at you with eyes of admiration. You become his hero. Like, I never thought of that. Now he wants to do it that way. all the time because you took him in and you showed him right. Deceitfulness of riches chokes the word. It's so simple. What is the point of knowing the seventh seal and all the mysteries when we can't get this right? 23. But he that receives seed into good ground. Good ground is not ground that keeps all the rules. Good ground that allows itself to be broken, allows itself to be watered, is submissive to the seed, gives way to the seed, allows the seed, be humble enough to let it [Music] die, which also beareth fruit, bringeth forth. And here's the thing, some of you might have hundfold. Some of you might be the ones in front who get all the attention who read all do all the studying who produce this oh you can worship you can praise you have prophecy you have dreams you speak some of you might have 60 some of you might have 30 but it's the good seed in good ground everybody doesn't have to be the same this is how it all works together and this is the relationship between the seed and the ground that's the foundation and that's where we are today amen Amen. The Lord bless you, brother Al. Oh, are we handing over to the God bless you, my brother. God be with you, saints, until this evening. The Lord bless [Music] you. Bless you, [Music] brother. Amazing love. I know it's true. And it's my joy to honor you. And all I do, I honor [Music] you. I'm forgi because you were forsaken. I'm accepted. You are condemned. Oh, I'm alive while your spirit is within me because you died or rose again. Amazing love. How can it be that you, my king, would die for me? Amazing love I know is true. And it's my joy to honor you. And all I do, I honor you. Amazing [Music] love. Amazing love. How can it be that you, my king, would die for me. Amazing love I know it's true. It's my joy to honor you. And all I do, I honor you. You are my king. You are my king. Jesus, you are my king. Jesus, you are my [Music] king. Amazing love. I know [Music] you knew my king would die for me. Amazing love I know it's true. And it's my joy to honor you in all I do. I honor you. Amen. I could say I am nothing and I would be telling the truth. I can say I am worthless a hopeless sinner. That's true. But that's just part of the story. I haven't saw you everything. I was lost, reborn, and raised. A child of the king. [Music] And I'm a royal descendant of the king of Jerusalem. Oh, a part of the bloodline of David. That's who I am. [Applause] And I claim kindred to Isaac to Jacob and [Music] Abraham. I'm a royal descendant of the King of Jerusalem. Oh, while in this world can I stand and say such a [Music] thing to say that I'm royal and claim that my father's a king. I'll have to take you to an altar where it happened many years [Music] ago. I'm the king. I'm in. And now that's all I know. And I call descendant of the king of Jerusalem. Oh, a part of the blood line of David. That's who I am. I might claim kindred to Isaac to Jacob and Abra. I'm the royal ascendant of the king of Jerusale. [Music] Oh, and I'm a royal descendant of the king of [Music] Jerusalem. A part of the bloodline of David. That's who I am. And I claim kindred to Isaac to Jacob and [Music] Abraham. I'm the royal descendant of the King of Jerusalem. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's just sing one [Music] more. Oh, sorry. That was the There's peace that I lost. Darkness hope that's in the blood. this future grace that's mine today and Jesus Christ has one so I can face tomorrow for tomorrow in your hands all I need you will provide just like you always have not fighting battle you've already won. No matter what comes my way, I will overcome. Don't know what you're doing, but I know what you've done. Not fighting a battle. You've already won. There's mercy in the waiting. Let us for today. And when it's gone, I know you're not. You are my hope and stay. The sea is raging. Your spirit is my house. I'll fix my eyes on Jesus Christ and say that it is well. I know that it is well. I'm fighting a battle. They've already won. No matter what comes my way, I will overcome. And I know you're through it. But I know what you done. And I'm fighting a battle. Oh, you already won. I'm fighting a battle. And I'm fighting a battle. You've already won. No matter what comes my way will overcome. Don't know what you're doing, but I know what you've done. And I'm fighting a battle cure for anyone. I know how this story ends. We will be with you again. [Music] You're my savior, mighty defender. No more fear and life for let's sing it again. Amen. I know how this story ends. We will be with you again. You're my savior, my defense. No more fear and life for this. I know how the story ends. I'm fighting a battle. You've already won. [Music] I come fly away. I will come. Don't know what you're doing. I know what you've done. And I'm fighting a battle. You already won. And I'm fighting a battle. though you've already won. Amen. Father Adrian, would you like to close in a word of prayer for us, please? Father, [Music] precious heavenly father, Lord, what a beautiful, beautiful sermon, Lord, that came from eternity, Lord, just for every one of us, Lord. We are humbled by it, Lord. We are lifted by it, Lord. We are stabilized by it, Lord. Lord, the foundation's holding, Lord, and we're just so mightily blessed, Lord. And I just pray, Lord God, as the day goes by, Lord, we can just ponder upon these things, Lord God. That's Lord, it's just all you, Lord. We pray Lord you'll bless our brother Lord God and use him again Lord in a mighty way Lord because it's God in humility and Lord we can just respond to that Lord. It's just so beautiful and we thank you Lord and ask your blessings upon this afternoon. We pray for your glory sake Lord Jesus. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music]
