################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2021-07-14 - The Bread of Life Pt. 9 A Showdown - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2021-07-14
Title:    The Bread of Life Pt. 9: A Showdown
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 0m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1FRGv2kkGo
========================================

Description:
The Bread of Life Pt. 9: A Showdown
Wednesday Service: July 14,  2021
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Ruth chapter 1. I'm going to read two verses, verses 14 and 15. And just looking out. It looks like we're pretty much all home, folks. So, I'm just going to have that liberty just to jump right in into the subject matter and not feeling that there needs to be a lot of connecting of the parts to understand just exactly where we are um in this subject of the bread of life. And we're going to be approaching a showdown. The title is a showdown. Uh I thought maybe there might be a couple parts to it. So in my notes I jotted down part one. Uh it's very possible that the the burden may just be delivered in this particular service. Ruth chapter 1 14 and 15. And they that's speaking of Orpa. And Ruth lifted up their voice and wept again. They had already done so in verse 9 uh when Naomi kind of encourages them to go back to Moab. This time there's another weeping and a lifting up of the voice and then a very two very distinct actions and Orpa kissed her mother-in-law but Ruth clave unto her. Now catch this image of now Ruth cleaving holding to and you know desiring not to be separated from her mother-in-law. And the mother-in-law says, Naomi says, "And she said, behold, thy sister-in-law has gone back under her people and under her gods. Return thou after thy sister-in-law." Now, what a what a challenge to her. Return thou after thy sister-in-law. You can take your seats. Now, as we are as we as we focused on this this book of Ruth in the context of the bread of life and this tremendous type that it holds for us today, we were kind of narrow just wanting to examine very particularly each verse and even the meanings of names and particular situations and and some of the dynamics that are historical when we look at the book book of Ruth, but um foreshadowing for us as the bride of Jesus Christ and really opens up a lot of truths uh to begin to understand the time that we're living in. And since IMC had traveled to Moab with his family, we kind of looked at what Moab represented and we identified that it was a condition. This is a backslim and that while there um in Moab, Ruth is going to come out with Naomi. So, it wasn't so much uh how it related to, but it represented the condition that Ruth as a type of the bride is called out of. And then as we saw the the Lord visiting his people and giving bread uh to Israel, that's the signal to Naomi to return back to Bethlehem Judah. And as she begins to depart, both Ruth and Orpa are traveling together with her. But then it comes to a particular place where Orpa decides to go back. And we recognize that as Orpa uh has this particular characterization in the scripture represents something that kind of signaled the opposition that Ruth was going to face in choosing to go all the way with Naomi. So Moab is the condition. Orpa represent represented the opposition. And both are challenges to Ruth, things that she's going to have to overcome, things she's going to have to face in coming to Bethlehem and coming to her kinsman redeemer. And both uh both Moab and Orpa represent the Leodysian condition. And in this Leo Leodysian condition, it's reflective of a spirit and an appetite of the age that we live in. Things that they want, things that they desire, the way that they look. And um Luke chapter, excuse me, Revelations chapter 3, uh verses 17 and 18 has been quoted quite often just in the the beginning of this church as a lot of themes have revolved around the time that we're living and the opposition that we faced. and Orpa. I'm just maybe summarizing some key terms that Brother Vanam used. And these are this is the way that brother Brandham characterized Orpa. He called he he characterized her as the modern church, the formal church, the lukewarm church. And then when we begin to look at the condition of this Leodysian church, the modern church, the lukewarm church, they have what he called undisguised hostility towards the elect. And this this orper represents this hatred and persecution. And he says they make they make make fun of the bride of Jesus Christ. So this is the way that that Orpa spirit operates. It's critical. It persecutes. It has shows hostility. It has a hatred and even goes so far as to try to kill the influence of something. And really if we if we thought about that why would you want to kill the influence of something? Uh it's because you would perceive it as a threat. Or if it's healthy, if it's vital, then maybe it really serves um to tear down and to destroy uh something that you're trying to do. It represents a threat to your kingdom. And that's why in the scripture when Gia had the uh the attitude, you know, leave it alone. If it's not of God, it'll come to nothing. But if it's of God, you don't want to be fighting against it. And so, there's wisdom in that. There's this overt persecution, this overt criticism, this undisguised hostility to stand against something and and fight against something, not a spirit, but a people and a truth or or in this case the bride is done from this position of an orpa spirit. And where we ended last time, and I I really want to emphasize this now because we're really moving on from the Orpa condition and the Orpa opposition to a showdown. The lesson that we learned in looking at Orpa, it's and looking at her characteristics and identifying how the message of the hour places that lukewarm formal Leodysian church. It's not an exercise in identifying our persecutors. Okay? It's not an exercise in being able to identify who the orpas are in our lives, but an admonishment to us to not be one. If we could just kind of take that as, well, brother Aaron, what was your whole point in talking about Orpa? Um, should we have like a little a little place in the church directory, the ORPAS? Um, I was joking with brother Michael, we should have an index of we have Arizona believers church and we have Arizona Makeelievers Church. And you just have these two different indexes in a in a church directory. You know, they went out from us because they were not of us uh section. And and that's never that's never the exercise when you begin to look into the word of God. So, you could take somebody and try to place them in a box and say, "Well, this is your end, buddy. This is who you are." Uh, I'm not going to call you brother. It's just mister from this point on. No. Uh, that's not our call. That's not what we do. When we look at the the the characteristics of Orpa, it's not so that we would have a template to be able to recognize all the Orpas in our lives, but it primarily admonish ourselves to never be one. And that that's the real thrust because we want to challenge ourselves with the truth that the new birth does not have a persecution gene. Amen. You recognize that the new birth does not have a persecution gene in it. And so if we persecute, if we're critical, if we're harsh, if we have any kind of open or even undisguised passive aggressive hostility towards somebody, that's more reflective of your first birth because there's not a persecution gene in the new birth. And therefore, I think it it's uh that ministers grace to us because we can be very very strict and legalistic with the word that if at any time you exhibit a characteristic that's contrary to the characteristics of Christ, a lot of people just say, "Well, you're not born again. You need to be born again." And this time, let me baptize you so that you're one of my sheep, one of my converts. And it kind of creates this uncertainty and this instability. But let's just look at it this way that if there is a weakness in the flesh to persecute, to be critical, to to tear down and to have this undisguised hostility, this open or even disguised hostility that that's more a function of our flesh, not the the the soul that we have as believers because when we were born again, we did not inherit a persecution gene. Now, I I want to just let's read verses 14 and 15 again. And that'll kind of help me um uh re refocus a little bit on where we want to go with this. And I have a two statements to read at the very beginning that set the tone for what I'm looking at on a showdown. Says, "And they lifted up their voice and wept again. And Orpa kissed her roof clave unto her. And she said, behold, thy sister-in-law is gone back unto her people and unto her gods. Return thou after thy sister-in-law." Now when Orpa now is manifesting herself, she's making her decision and Orpa has decided at the behest of Naomi. Just kind of this push or this discouragement from Naomi to go back to Moab. Now we recognize just what a terrible decision this is for Orpa because we we're told in the word that she's excommunicated. She's kind of becomes very insignificant now in the word. She's never mentioned again. Orpa only stands within the book of Ruth as at this moment when she kisses her mother-in-law goodbye. She now returns back into obscurity, back into unbelief, back into Moab. And so we don't we see her now sealing her testimony as this make believer and as one that won't go all the way. But then Ruth begins to express this instinct to cleave to Naomi. And and I was pondering this to be an emphasis tonight, but I and it's still just real fresh in my in my burden. So I'll just say it now here at the outset, though I won't be amplifying this. When Ruth cleaves to Naomi, she really has nothing uh nothing to go by other than just this. She's justified by her faith. That she she she justifies herself because this is instinctive. This is what she believes. This is what she knows is right. And when she begins to express the things that she does in verse 16 and verse 17, it's really just something that's pouring forth from her inspiration because Ruth isn't going to be able to tell you what it takes to be become proitized to the Jewish doctrine. She doesn't she doesn't know all the laws. She doesn't know the sacrifices. She doesn't know the laws of redemption. And she's not kind of conspiring ahead of time since look, if we could just go there and find out who the nearer kinsman is, they're responsible and obligated to do this. She's just going with this faith within her heart and that she feels justified in doing this in her heart because she feels this love. And I think we could liken Naomi to even be in that word and that prophecy how Naomi though she represents the backsliden uh Israelite church. We realize that the Israel though she's re she rejects Messiah the gospels first to Israel and then that they bring the gospel to the Gentiles. So, you see how Ruth is being brought in through Naomi, through her faith and belief in following Naomi, but there's a special promise in the end for Ruth and and she is just cleaving now. She's cleaving to Naomi. And then the next statement that that Naomi makes is very surprising because she's already tried to say, "Hey, you know, go back and and and I say maybe in the way I just said it, I think misrepresents it." She's saying, "May the Lord deal kindly with you. May you be blessed." And don't you think you'd be better off in Moab where you can marry again and have children and and please go because I I can't give you what you need and what you deserve and that was enough for Orpa. But now with Ruth cleaving, she becomes maybe a little bit more direct. And this is really going to challenge Ruth. And it's this uh it's this uh um this this statement from Naomi that provokes Ruth's confession. Your God will be my God. your people will be my people. I'll live where you live. I'll die where you live. And it's this very, very significant h passage of scripture. And so Naomi says, "Behold, thy sister-in-law has gone back unto her people and under her God." So look at this example. This is someone that you love, was close to, who is a walked with you, that you shared so much with, and the grieving of a loss of a husband and supporting one another, and you've been there for each other. As you see her return back, behold, look at, recall, bring to mind, see what your sister-in-law is doing. And she's returning to her people and to her God. She's returning back. She's going back. So he says, "Return thou after thy sister, why don't you do the same thing? Why don't you also go back?" Now, brother Brandham in the message and in these two different statements from redeemer redemption and then kinsman redeemer. You'll find that we've been reading a lot of statements from those particular sermons over the last several services. He says but Ruth not so in in the distinction between Orpa and Ruth. And we may have as a matter of fact I think it's the paragraph before this that we've read in great detail. So he's contrasting Ruth to Orpa not so a type of the bride. When her mother-in-law said, "Now Ruth, you return back." She said, "As the Lord liveth, I will not leave you. I will go with you. Your people will be my people. Your God shall be my God. Where you die, I'll die. Where you're buried, I'll be buried." Making her choice. That's where every man has to come to in life sometime is make a decision. You have to make a choice. God's not necessarily going to make it for you. You're going to have to make the choice yourself. You had to make a choice whe whether you were going to have an education or not. You had to make a choice who was going to be your wife. There has to be decisions and choices made in life. And this may be the night that you'll have your final call to make your choice whom you're going to ch serve. So a very challenging uh uh um text, a very causing a person to be introspective and examine where they are. Maybe your final time laying here, dad on the stretcher, your mother over there, young lady. It may be your final time to make your choice. So he's he's identifying this juncture where someone comes into a particular situation and a decision has to be made. And brother Bham talks about in other places you can't stay neutral anymore. Like you have to make your decision. If you leave tonight just saying, "Well, I'll just stay out of it." No, you've already made a choice. You've picked a side by trying to stay out of it. You can't remain neutral any longer. And this is what brother Random is using here in November 19th of 1955. Kind of bringing these people to consider. You have to make a choice tonight. You have to make a decision. You can't just leave the same way you were. God has now obligated you. If you leave, you're going to just try to claim to be willfully ignorant because you don't want to have some sort of knowledge require you to make a decision. But now, you know, you've been informed. You have to make a choice. And and really I think there's just a lot uh that overwhelms me as I ponder this because you come to places in life uh where as a Christian and at different times in your life you seek God and you pray and he tells you what to do. And he really does. Lord, I don't know what to do and I'm not sure what I should do. I've got these three different opportunities. Lord, what should we do? And he just goes bang bang takes two of them down and you only have one left and he gives you kind of that revelation. Go this way. And so in some ways he's he hasn't really necessarily even held your hand. He just kind of drags you through the door you should go through. But there's going to come a time in your life where you're going to be standing there, well, I'm not sure what I should do. I don't know what I'm going to do. And he's going to say, you need to make a choice. And so, it really is a point that all of us come to as Christians and even in our maturity where God is going to allow us to make decisions based upon the word and the word only. Can't be any other parameters, any other circumstance. Say, Lord, I see what your word says. I see what your word requires, and I'm making this decision based upon the word and the word only. Don't worry about what everybody else sees. Because to some people, they can look at a situation, oh, isn't that nice? Isn't that nice? Isn't that precious? Isn't that great? Isn't that wonderful? I wish I had that opportunity. But from where you stand, you see something wrong or you recognize in your heart, this isn't pleasing to the Lord. Or you sense in your spirit, I don't belong or or I need to make this decision or I don't want to take this opportunity. And you're going to be left making a choice. And and and so I want you to recognize that. I'd like for you to recognize that this evening. This is Ruth making a choice. She makes a clear-cut decision. And then he says, "But Ruth, beautiful." Now, notice that there in this statement, "But Ruth, beautiful." He says, "I wish we had time to dig into those old nuggets and bring them out, but we haven't." Now, see how he's re identifying yet again something about this story that there's a revelation that when you catch it, a hidden mystery that when you catch it, a hidden revelation that when you catch it, it'll bring you real close to God. And that he desired that our whole soul and spirit would be held spellbound until we see him, what he is in this story, what he is to you, and how we can receive him and accept him. There's more to this story than, oh yeah, Ruth is the church and Boaz is Christ. He said there's old nuggets and bring, but we haven't. We'll just have to hit the highlights. So, we have time. He didn't have time, but we have time. We have time to take these things that the prophet said, "Hey, mind this out. There's a lot of gold here. Get in there. Dig it out." And he kind of tells you this is the this is the channel that you can dig in. This is the place where you can mine this out. Stay under that where he pointed where he marked it. He marked it and said, "Drill here, you'll find gold." Now, don't go try to go mine your own mind. Don't try to go somewhere and and prospect. No. The prophet has told us where we can be. He hit the highlight. So then we can just go right into this condensed truth and expand it and stay right under this highlight. Now notice how he then amplifies this or highlights this in kinsman redeemer. And he's talking about the orpa spirit. He says a man because of popularity, he can't hold the Bible on it, but because of popularity will kiss the church, kiss the message, kiss Christ goodbye, and go back to where he was hollowed out of. kiss kiss the church, kiss the message, kiss Christ goodbye and go right back to what he said God would call him out of or what God had called him out of. He says orpa lukewarm excommunicated. So this is the representation of Orpa because of popularity, because of pretense, because of politics, because of the social things, which we see how Moab is built around the social aspects of church. a and the pretty feast and the banquetss and the organization and all these all these uh things that enamor the eye orpa is lukewarm because she's lukewarm and holds this popularity she's excommunicated from the blessings of God but then he says but oh how I like that little roof she had to make a decision I had to make a decision you've got to make a decision you'll never walk out of these doors this morning without some kind of decision I'm not foreshadowing that I'll be here till after midnight he says you'll walk out of these doors without you won't walk out without making some kind of decision. You'll not leave this room today. That's a little bit better. Either being a better man or woman or a worse man or woman. Who wants to leave worse then? Then what? Think about it right now. Let's just ponder this. He just said you'll either leave a better man or a worse man. You either leave a better woman or a worse woman. So what does that mean? You're going to leave a better man. What is it? That's the promise I have tonight that when I leave, I'm a better man. What? Can't we just accept that tonight? Can't we just accept it? Lord, I'm leaving tonight a better woman. I'm leaving tonight a better man because I have a choice tonight to leave either worse off or better off. And my goodness, I'm starting to get goosebumps thinking that every time I come to church, I can leave a better man. Why? because my attitude towards the promise and my belief that this is what this is supposed to do. And that's my attitude tonight. I'm going to leave a better man. I want to have that testimony then before my children, before my wife. You're a better man after last night. And that could be our testimony. That could be our desire that we're going to leave a better man or a better woman. He says to reject it, you'll be worse. It'll be harder the next time for you to get it get to it. So this is the real challenge as it's presented. Choose it, accept it, yield to it because the next time you're presented with this opportunity, it'll be harder to lean into it, to yield to it. He says, or you'll go out better. The language that really inspired me as I studied this, it come a showdown in her life. It comes a showdown in everybody's life. So the decision that she had to make, though we could say it's a decision, it's a choice. It's a clear clear-cut decision. He's placing in this context of a showdown. And that just really really struck me. He says Ruth had to make a decision. So the Bible said that her mother-in-law told her, "Go back to your gods like your sister did. Go back like the lukewarm did. Why don't go on back?" This is kind of the challenge. And and it seems to be coming from Naomi. It's something in the word, something in the message that becomes kind of the sticking point or something that kind of says, "Hey, well, why don't you go back? Why don't you kind of change the direction you're going?" It's some controversy, some kind of opposition, something that doesn't seem to be just right. And what is it doing? It's kind of trying to push you to see what you'll do. There's times that we look into the word of God and things don't seem to line up just right. And and and that's a challenge. Well, here's an opportunity for you to say either I believe or you know what, there's nothing to it and walk away from it. And it becomes a challenge. And so it's not just a well, you've got a choice. What would you like, pastrami or turkey? No, this is a showdown. And I know sometimes we get all anxious when we sit down in a restaurant and they say, "Are you ready to take your order?" And all a sudden it feels like a showdown and everybody kind of looks at you like we've given them 12 minutes already. You keep telling to come back. You keep this up, we'll never see them again. And it may feel that pressure, but this is more than that. He says it came a showdown in her life and it comes a showdown in everybody's life. And I was going to call it initially the showdown, but I realized that I I didn't want to place too much significance and emphasis on this particular decision. But there is this becomes a watershed moment for Ruth because from this moment on, she's going on to Christ. From this moment on, the momentum that begins from this moment is going to end in in in conceiving a son and bringing forth a child by Boaz. And so, it's this clear-cut decision that sets things in motion that's going to bring her to a revelation that what she is going to is not just a religion. It's not just a better place. It's not just a hospital or a place to heal. But what she has received is not just another interpretation of the Bible, but this is Christ. This is her Boaz. This is the promised word for her day. And it's going to become a very significant uh um moment for her. And there's going to be subsequent moments where she's recognizing things and she's doing things and she's acting affirmatively. And so we can say this is a showdown in this moment in her life. And it's a challenge. It's a challenge to Ruth to uh to make this decision to will she go back will she follow Orpa back into Moab back into a Moabitete condition or will she go on with Naomi to the promise? This became a real real challenge to her. Now based upon these statements it come a showdown the contrast of how brother Ramsey even identifying how Naomi took Orpa to to bring this contrast and to bring her to a showdown to a challenge. I want to dig into these old nuggets. That's what I want to do. I want to look more into these these nuggets that lay in there based upon the prophet's highlight. So he has highlighted something. and he he's he's identified this strain that we can mine out and he points to a showdown. Now, we know in the word of God that there's going to come a showdown for a bride and it's called a Mount Zion showdown. And he says Jesus will be the showdown. So, there is the showdown. If there's a if we would look at this in type that Ruth is making a decision now, when she makes this decision, she it's she's following Naomi. There's a sincerity there. There's a connection there. She's following Naomi, but ultimately who's she coming to? Boaz. And so it's when she comes to Boaz, you realize he's the showdown between anybody else in that kingdom, anybody else in this story. That becomes that that final separation for Ruth. And now you're now you probably already it's fully becoming aware to you where I'm going with this. that becomes the showdown between Ruth the Moabitete and who she is in the promise and who she is in relation to a redeemer, the kinsman redeemer. And so this Mount Zion showdown, you can go and look at the couple places where brother Bam talks about it in the church age book and then when he mentions it when he's preaching this showdown, this Mount Zion showdown and the three different showdowns that he recognized in the word. Now, we've already referenced this, so I feel like I can uh go back over it. I wanted to go back do it in more detail when we first touched on it. But let's look at this pattern in the scripture and how there is a connection obviously to Lot through Moab, but to Abraham through Naomi and through Bethlehem Judah. And so in Genesis, we've already looked at this in Genesis chapter 19 that there was a certain character that was exhibited in Lot, a character exhibited in Lot's daughters, a character that was then expressed in Moab. And there was this nature of Moab that we can identify in Genesis 19. And it's that nature that Ruth has to overcome the condition as we've identified it. And we see how the message of the hour identifies that spirit just the same. We see it coming up later in the context of Israel in their Exodus. But I want to look at this character as is exhibited in Lot. But then also Lot's wife in this thought that brother Brandon brings us to a showdown. It came to a showdown. Now, I'm just going to begin reading in Genesis chapter 19. We're going to read all the way to verse 26, but I'll I'll kind of inject um I'll kind of skip ahead to verse 27 actually at some point. Um so, we're going to be reading verses 15 to 27. And when the morning arose and and I know that you understand just exactly what we're identifying, but the angel has appeared to Abraham, the Lord has appeared to Abraham in in flesh and had this meeting with him. He's discerned the thoughts of of Sarah and he and he told him about this judgment that's to come. And when the morning arose, then the angels hastened lot, saying, "Arise, take thy wife and thy two daughters which are here." We saw this parallel with the two daughter-in-laws which are here, lest thou be consumed in the iniquity of the city. And while he lingered, the men laid hold upon his hand and upon the hand of his wife and upon the hand of his two daughters. So they're they're not really awake, right? Lot and his family are kind. Yeah, who cares? They don't recognize the urgency. The Lord being merciful unto him, and this is the Lord's mercy to drag him out, and they brought him forth and set him without the city. And it came to pass when they had brought them forth abroad that he said, this is the message, escape for thy life. Look not behind thee. This part of the message, don't look behind thee, neither stay thou in all the plain. These are two parts. Now, third part, escape to the mountain, lest thou be consumed. So he says, "Look, don't look behind you. Don't stay in the plane. Go all the way to the mountain." Now here's the lot. Here's the makeeliever. Here he is. Oh, verse 18. Oh, not so, my lord. Behold now thy servant hath found grace in thy sight, and thou hast magnified thy mercy, which thou hast showed unto me and saving my life, and I cannot escape to the mountain, lest some evil take me and I die. He doesn't want to go all the way. He doesn't want to obey the the angel's message, go all the way to the mountain, says saying, "If that's what you want me to do, that's what I'm going to do." He wants to start compromising. Well, I know you want me to go all the way to the mountain, but ah, you know, can't we just settle a little bit here in the plane? And and it's very a very interesting story, very interesting dynamic. So, he says, "Behold now this near to flee unto and is a little one. Oh, let me escape thither. Is it not a little one? And my soul shall live." And the angel says, he said unto him, see, I have accepted thee concerning this thing also, that I will not overthrow this city, for thee which thou hast spoken, because this was one of the five cities that was going to be destroyed with Sodom and Gomorrah. Haste thee, escape thither, for I cannot do anything until thou become thither. So go. This judgment isn't going to fall until you find your place. But remember, they don't have the same promise that Abraham does. And he says, 'There the name of the city was called Zoir. The sun was risen upon the earth when Lot entered into Zoir. It's such a beautiful thing, such a beautiful image that has just come up in verses 22, the end of 22 and the beginning of verse 23. The angel's message was what? Don't stay in the plane, go all the way to the mountain. But Lot rebuffs the the instructions and pleads to stay in Zoar. And zor means insignificance. Go all the way to the mountain. Mountains would represent majesty. And and even with respect to Israel, what did the what did their their uh enemies often say? Well, their god's the god of the mountain. If we can just get him in the plains, just get him in the valleys, we'll be stronger than them. And so, it's something that God identifies himself with. He's there on on Mount Si. He's there showing himself and declaring himself on a mountain in the in the showdowns. What is it? It's three different showdowns. Mount Zion, Mount Carmel, Mount Transfiguration, Mount Zion. So this he's to go all the way to the mountain, but he can't go to the mountain because he's not part of that showdown. He stops though he'll carry on later and go on later. He finds himself a cave, but I and that's where Moab is conceived. But this to me, this is what I want you to recognize. This represents that locked nature, this nature of Moab that the instructions are clear, but he wants to compromise it. And when he does, he pleads to stay in a city that means insignificance. And that is exactly what happens to Orpa when she goes back. She's excommunicated. And brother says she's never mentioned anymore. She takes a place of insignificance in this in the in the economy of God by her own choosing. And so here's Lot choosing to stay in some place that's insignificant in God's language, in God's view. Let me stay here in this insignificance. And what else it says? The sun was risen upon the earth when Lot entered into Zoir. So I want you to notice this beautiful imagery. At the rising of the sun, Lot is entering into insignificance. At the very time that it is the rising of the sun, the church is fading off the scene. She's rejected. She is no longer God's mouthpiece. He is done with her. She is condemned. There's no compliment. Now he stands at the door and knocks and calls the individuals out of the insignificant, condemned, blacked out, rejected church. And here at the rising of the sun, Lot enters into insignificance. Amen. I just just wish there were some pews I could run right now. I'm going to take that as approval to sometime do that if I could try. I might have to practice a little bit. I I I'm drawing a mind blank right now on the pastor who did it, but brother Jason Watkins tells one of the funniest stories. It's funny maybe in retrospect how a brother used to run the pews, one of his first pastors, and he got to running and he went to running the tops of the pews and they got to the back and this young girl kind of hesitated and didn't know where to go. So, she moved and he stepping that way and he missed the step and he broke his leg right in the middle of a message church service. So, he drags I don't know why I'm telling this. We're just home folk tonight. He just drags himself back to the pulpit and he's got a broken leg. So, he's actually in so much pain. He's passing out and he's like, "It's getting dark, church. It's getting dark." Cuz he's passing out and everybody's like, "Oh, hallelujah. Yes, glory. It's dark." That's how I say it. And he completely passes out from the pain. And uh that's why I will not be running the pews if we ever have any. Where in the world am I? make the name of Jesus move. So at the rising of the sun, notice this be can you see the parallel now the time that we're living and the what brother teaches us at this junction in time when it's no longer church he's dealing with the church but now it's the bride in the individual members of the bride at the rising of the sun Lot enters into insignificance at the rising of the sun the church is rejected the bride is coming upon the scene the living bread of life bringing forth the bride and notice verse 27 I think I've got it here notice verse 27 At the same time that Lot is entering into Zoir, Abraham got up early in the morning to the place where he stood before the Lord. At the very same time that Lot enters into insignificance. Now you see this type of coming to the very place where the Lord was revealing himself through flesh. At the very place that he was letting his servant know what he was doing. And I see this beautiful parallel now as Lot the makeeliever enters into that foolish virgin enters into her place and her position and her her her insignificance and she kisses Christ goodbye. She kisses the church goodbye. She goes back to what she was hollowed out of. And at the rising of the sun, Lot finds his place in Zoir. But at the very same time, Abraham's brought to the place where the Lord reveals himself. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Early in the morning at the rising of the sun, he stood in the place where God made himself known. And you know what? There's more nuggets. We could end on that and I think we've got enough that we could chew on for a while. We could have a breakout session and we could have a lot to fellowship on. But let's look at verse 24 as we continue this. Then the Lord now as he makes his way into Zor and now the at the angel's compromise, he says, "Okay, fine. Uh if you make it there, we can we can allow this judgment to unfold. Then the Lord reigned upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah, brimstone and fire from the Lord out of heaven. And he overthrew those cities and all the plain and all the inhabitants of the cities and that which grew upon the ground. So now the judgment is striking. It's falling. And at some point in this process, verse 26, because remember Lot was told to go all the way to the mountain and not stay in the plane. But what does he do? He compromises and he finds his place in this insignificance. But now there's another type that emerges because the the the language also look not behind thee. In verse 17, look not behind thee. And it says in verse 26, but his wife looked back from behind him and she became a pillar of salt. So Lot represents something very significant to us in his contrast to Abraham. As Lot enters into Zor in this insignificance, we see this parallel how that's when the bride comes on the scene. Abraham comes to the place where he stood before the Lord. Now, there's this other representation in Lot's wife. And I don't have this statement in the slides because it's just a very quick one where I just take these characteristics out. Brother Ram says his wife belonged to all the societies in the city, all the stitch and sew parties. I don't know what we would call them today. Anybody want to help me out? I don't know if it's MLMs or if it's I don't know what it would be, but his white belonged to all the societies and all the groups and followed all the influencers on Instagram and whatever it was and belonged to all the the special social things, all the stitch and sew parties and everything else. But she became become to love it. So she loved the social aspects. she there was something she loved about how it made her fit into the the structure of the the society and the social economy and and the status that she received and she gained from um from these different things. And so, Brother Bam's identifying that what caused her to look back was this affinity in her flesh and in her spirit for the things that were carnal. Popularity, the pretense, the politics, right? All these natures of Moab, all these things that come up later at the feast of Belor that entrapp Israel, it's being expressed now in Lot's deci, Lot's wife's decision. I think we said before, I remember one time I preached a sermon, just a really young evangelist, and I preached a sermon and said, "There's only one woman in all the Bible who's mentioned in the" and I was mentioning how there's this woman mentioned in the Old Testament, the New Testament, and besides the Queen of Sheba, there's only one other woman where we don't know her name, and that's Lot's wife. And that was just kind of had what I had gathered from studying the word of God. And I thought, what an interesting parallel. The Queen of Sheba, the Queen of the South. We don't know her name. Old Testament, New Testament. And then you have this contrary example in Lot's wife. Uh she had this type of the the church, a type of the bride. And after I was done, the preacher got up there and said, "Well, we actually know Lot's wife's name." And I was like, "How did I miss that? How did I miss it? I studied the message backwards and forwards how to miss." And I was just feeling really discouraged. She said, "Yeah, her name was Nidita." Cuz she need a lot. You know, she just needed this and needed that. And I was like, "Ah, you're funny. Yeah, got me." And so, Brother Am kind of recognizes that character now in the message communion. And Abraham, this is where we see this this other type that has unfolded. Abraham, a type of the just, he was just he was so concerned about his nephew, a representative of the real true Christian that's tested and tried and been proven. So in Abraham, there was no competition to say, "Oh, you know what? I've kind of always resented Lot when he chose the well-watered plains and stuck me with this stuff over here, and our guys were always fighting. Here's my opportunity. Lot's getting his comeuppets. Uh-huh. Karma is going to get you now, buddy. You're going to die." No, he interceded for them. This is the attitude of a real believer. They They're not They're not desiring uh they're not in competition. They're not They're not saying, "Oh, well, line my orpas up. I'd like to see, you know, kind of have a a message jihad against all those that, you know, deny the truth. Uh there's this longing and this desire. He says he's a representative of a true Christian that's tested, tried, and been proven. And sometimes it's our testing, trying and proving that dries out of us some of these carnal uh narcissistic attributes that we have in these borderline persona, spiritual personality disorders that we have sometimes where we can't rejoice in others and we desire to see other people fall flat on their face. It took something to bring Abraham to that spot where when his nephew deserved it, he'd say, "God, is there not some way you could preserve him?" But then notice how he brings this other side. Now, the woman had a lot to do with it. Come on, somebody. Now, the woman had a lot to do with it. Lot's wife was carnal, very carnal. She stands today in the fields there as a pillar of salt, as a disgrace to those who pass by. So here she represents this carnality and he's recognizing how the woman had this influence on Lot. The woman had a lot to do with it. She was carnal, very carnal. She belonged to society, stitch and sew, parties, everything else. She'd become to love it. She stands now as a pillar of disgrace to those who pass by. And so now I want you to recognize how this woman Lot's wife is represented in Genesis chapter 19 as one who turns back contrary to the message does not go all the way. Then in the book of Ruth Orpa in the very lineage of this family because it was Lot's wife's daughter that brings forth now Moab. So in the very lineage of the family, we see the same characteristic expressed in Orpa because she's going to kiss Naomi and she's go right back into Sodom and Gomorrah, go right back into Moab. So she in Ruth now Orpa turns back, she's connected with the spirit of Lot. And so what I want to kind of set up and I I I have this I can set up my own spikes. It's kind of nice when you're you can you can do an alleyoop to yourself when you're preaching. uh that if they we see it in Genesis 19, we see it in Ruth. Does the Bible point to another manifestation of this today? Yes. Because Ruth's transition, remember it begins with the Lord visiting his people. In Luke 17, we're pointed to the days of Lot verses 28-32. Likewise, as it was in the days of Lot, they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded. Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot. So we're drawn to this day, this time, this season. Begins to identify these different characteristics. But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom, it rained fire and brimstone from heaven and destroyed them all. We read this in Genesis 19. And as a part of this judgment that's outpouring in verses 24 and 25, the word in Genesis 19 says, "But his life, Lot's wife looked back from behind him." Now Jesus is referring to these very instances in this time of Genesis 19. And he's saying as it was in the days of Lot, so shall it be. Notice this verse 30. Even thus shall it be in the day when the son of man is revealed. You can have days of Lot, but you have a day when the son of man is revealed. You can have these days of Noah, but there's a day when the son of man is revealed. You can there are these different times and seasons and dispensations and churches. But now there's a day when the son of man is revealed. We recognize scripturally that the revelation of the son of man is also called the coming of the son of man. It has a very specific place in prophecy. Has a very specific utility and use and purpose as it relates to the Gentiles and this end time revelation of Jesus Christ. I trust you understand some of those things. So he's saying now even thus shall it be in the day when the son of man is revealed. This is message scripture, right? Then verse 31. And verse 31 alludes to the destruction of Jerusalem. It kind of is parallel with Matthew chapter 24 16 to 18. And it's a day that compares to the time we're living in now. And I' I'd love to bring that parallel out, but I just want to make this quick quick connection. In that day, he which shall be upon the housetop and in his stuff in the house, let him not come down to take it away. And he that is in the field, let him likewise not return back. And then he says, "Remember Lot's wife." Isn't that interesting? Remember Lot's wife. He says verse 31, the the the thrust now is do not return back. We take from this in the day when the son of man is revealed. There's this admonishment and this clear direction that we don't go back to what we've been called out of. God is not going to cycle back to what the life has moved on from. that if there there's not a and now I just kind of remember something I was fellowshipping on this week with somebody and that and I recall last this conversation I had yesterday and how that when God when God restores when God restores something it's it's bringing something back to the place that it once was so that it can take its last another step so it can move forward so we don't find that God's order of restoration is actually going backwards in the sense of reverting back, but it's to bring back what was been lost in order to go on into perfection. So, if we're going to be restored back to Pentecost, it's not so that we would cabbage down on Pentecost, but it's so that we can go back to what was given to the church in order to go on to the perfection of it. You catch that? So, when this this do not go back, do not return back speaks of the momentum of the word of God that you got to take this and go forward. And it's this admonishment that there is a don't go back to what you've been called out of like Orpa did, like Lot's wife did. Don't go back to what you've been called. Don't go back to what is cursed. And then he says, remember Lot's wife. I want you to understand this. And I'm so glad all of you are here tonight to hear this because to me, this is going to be this is very critical to our to our revelation and our understanding of the message of the hour. Lukeapter 17:32 is not chastisement of the elect. Luke 17:32 is not correction of the elect because we must understand this very clearly. She is typed in Ruth. Ruth really literally had no way back. She was ordained something. I think you just I just lost you. Just locked up on this is really awesome to that point. It's like everyone digs in says I don't know, brother Aaron. By election by election I hope you believe this for yourself. You can't go back. Amen. You can't be lost. I know that bothers even I I know it bothers message uh us as message believers sometimes, especially as message pastors and preachers. Wow. You don't want to make them so elect and so predestinated, you know, that they just sin away the day of grace. You're like, well, that's true, but I don't want to make them so unelect and so unpredestinated that they never walk into a body change. So, I'd rather heir on you're going to make it, knowing that some will make it, and those who can't make it won't make it. Amen. And so we want to preach a positive gospel, a positive message. So when he says, "Remember Lot's wife," this is not a warning to the bride to not be Lot's wife because she can't be Lot's wife. It's not a warning to the elect to not be Lot's wife. She can't. It's an impossibility for not to to for her to be a Lot's wife. So it's not chastisement, but it's prophecy. And when I preached this sermon years ago and I preached remember Lot's wife and I was getting called out for not knowing her name was Anita. Uh boy, it was an evangelistic, you know, rip your hide off of you, try to get as many people to the altar as you can. Remember Lot's wife, don't be a Lot's wife. And then the revelation came to me later on. This is not solely an evangelistic text to to shake the bride out of her doldrums and wake her up from her leodysian condition and her backsliding condition and looking back with the longing to the world and wanting to go back what she's called out of. But it's actually Luke 17:32 is prophecy. And when he says, "Remember Lot's wife," he says, "When the son of man is revealed, look for Lot's wife to manifest yourself. And if the son of man is revealed, there will also be a revealing and an unveiling of Lot's wife." And and if you don't see Lot's wife manifest, then you haven't seen the son of the revelation of the son of man may have not come yet because she's got to be there. The revealer of the son of man. Then sometime after the son of man is revealed, you want to remember Lot's wife because she's going to declare herself. At the rising of the son, Lot found his place in Zor. But Abraham went to the place where the Lord was at. And at that very time, at the rising of the son, at the revealer of the son of man, the bride is going to be brought forth by the living bread of life. But that's also going to bring forth Lot's wife. And she can only manifest herself if there's a roof that's going all the way. She can only manifest herself if there's the bride that comes on the scene. Because until then, everybody thinks she's the bride. Think about it. If all you had was the church and the church all says, "Well, let's correct course. Let's go this way." Then everybody's, "Oh, that must be what the Lord is doing." But when in everyone when the church does this and starts going this way, and there's a brother that says, "I'm going all the way with my Lord." Then you know, wait a minute, there's been a separation. Now, there's a there's a there's a point where there's been a separation. There's someone that's moving on. There's some advancing. And that's where Lot's wife manifest herself. Luke 17:32 is prophecy. And let me say, we've seen it. Have we not seen it? Have we not seen Lot's wife identify herself in going so far with the message, but then all of a sudden one day saying, "You know what? There's nothing to it. I'm going back." And brother Brandham says, "And how can I overcome?" She started out as an overcomer, but she never did overcome. She left the denominations. She did. She walked out of Sodom with Lot, but she wanted to go back. And here's the sign you see so often and have her hair cut. She had to go back. She just couldn't stand the test. So, here's the rejection of the headship of the word. Here's her identifying herself. This is her uh now choosing now to not follow the message all the way. She starts out overcome as an overcomer and there's a re there's a manifestation of Lot's wife after the son of man is revealed. I believe the son of man is revealed himself and is a manifestation of the spirit of Lot's wife that's also revealing itself or making itself known. I don't I I I I I I I don't want to end on that because there's remember it's a spirit and you'll never come out of the spirit of Lot's wife by just being called out on it. You got to know what you're called to. You got to see yourself in the word. And if I just took your nose and rubbed your nose and you're nothing but a bunch of makeelievers, you're not a bunch of lots like just rub your nose in it. Then you're going to go away just accepting that, right? Well, I don't really want to be Lot's wife, but what else am I? There's a contrasting contrasting example. We're not just left with Orpa and Lot's wife and Lot and his daughters. We see a contrasting example. We've already recognized where there's Abraham, but Ruth is the bride type in the story, the book of Ruth. So, where is the bride type in Genesis 19? because you're the bride today. Where is your type in Genesis 19? In the message, Abraham, brother Abraham says Sarah was in the covenant with him because she was the wife. So, it's not just Abraham now. Sarah, remember when those messengers came to uh came to meet Abraham, they they said, "Where is thy wife Sarah?" And then but only one spoke to her. one had a message for her. And it says Sarah was in the covenant with him because she was the wife. But notice when he separated himself from Lot and Lot's wife, I imagine Mrs. Lot wanted to belong to all the lotteryies and everything going along throughout the country. You know, she was a hindrance to him. Now, he's the one that takes Lot's wife and characterizes her, but contrast her with Sarah. So we could be Orpa, Lot's wife. We could see this type of the modern church, Leodysia. But where you're you you can see yourself in Sarah and the message communion. We read it a moment ago how we said that the Abraham was a type of the just. And I'm just going to pick up with this. Now the women had a lot to do with it. Lot's wife was carnal, very carnal. She stands today in the fields there as a pillar of salt, as a disgrace to those who pass by. Sarah, a beautiful woman. She wanted to do what God wanted her to do. She respected her husband and she stayed with Abraham regardless of what come or went. She stayed with him because he stayed with the promise. This is the bride type. This is what's represented in Ruth staying with Naomi because Naomi's going back to Bethlehem Judah because the Lord had visited her people and given them bread. And unbeknownst to Ruth, there's a promise even for her in Bethlehem Judah. And Orpa kisses Naomi goodbye. Kissed Christ goodbye. But now Ruth, she's also rep represented in Sarah. The bride is represented in Sarah. This beautiful woman who wanted to do what God wanted to do. She respected her husband. She stayed with Abraham regardless of what Connor went. She stayed with him because he stayed with the promise. In another place, I don't believe I provided this on a slide. He said Sarah was the prettiest woman in all the land. There was no woman as fair as Sarah. Everyone's seen her, fell in love with her. Now, how easy it would have been for Sarah to take that kind of choice like Lot's wife, to take that kind of choice like Orpa did. But she chose to stay with Abraham. She chose to stay with the promise. She chose to stay. Though as crazy as it may have seemed been to her, though as dead as they must have felt, she chose to stay where the word had promised her something. No matter how dark it seemed, how contradictory it seemed, no matter how hard it seemed, no matter what all the voices were coming against it, she stayed with him because of the promise. And there's your type. In a day and age where there could be many that walk in that spirit of Lot's wife, there's that walking in the same example of Sarah, walking in the example of Ruth in that moment of showdown, in that time of decision. My brothers would come to their instruments like to read this last statement. God being sovereign, he forneew by divine decree exactly who would be in his bride. He chose her. She did not choose him. He called her. She did not come on her own. He died for her. He washed her in his own blood. He paid the price for her. She belongs to him and to him alone. Now notice, she is wholly committed to him and accepts the obligation. Not that you would choose, right? We see the choosing of a bride. A man chooses a wife and he chooses her and then he would ask for her hand in marriage. And what does she do? She doesn't choose him as much as she accepts she accepts the choice. She's wholly committed to him and he accepts the obligation. Now she commits herself. He accepts the obligation to her. He is her head. For Christ is the head of his church. And then he uses this beautiful example. As Sarah called Abraham Lord, even so the bride is happy that he is her Lord. He speaks and she obeys, for that is her delight. That's that's what we see in this beautiful example of Ruth in this moment of contradiction, in this moment of opposition, in this moment of an exodus out of this terrible condition. She's brought to a place where she has to make a clear-cut decision. Will you go back like Orpa? And why don't you just go back? Why don't you? And it's not necessarily you're I've never liked you anyways as a daughter-in-law. I regretted the day my son married you. But it's, you know, you see your sister. Why don't you go back too? But there was something in Ruth, this instinct to wholly commit. She was happy to follow. That's where you are. I say when he said there's some nuggets, that means there's gold. You're the gold. You're the hidden revelation in Ruth. That's why it brings you so close to God when you see it. That's why it wasn't just what he is in the story, but also what he is to you and how you could receive him, how you could accept him. Because it has so much to do with you being the very thing that he highlighted that in the story, everyone would read through it. Everyone would read through it. And it's as if brother Brandham took the prophetic highlighter and just highlighted over Ruth. She is the bride of Christ. She represents you coming out of Leodysia. She represents you coming out of a Moabitish condition. She represents you being withtood by Orba. She represents you making a clear-cut decision in a moment, in a showdown, which wasn't easy, and saying, "I will wholly follow the Lord." And how the message of the hour brings to us these beautiful images of Genesis 18 and Genesis 19. And brother Brandham, in the midst of all this, we can see so clearly where Lot finds his place, Lot's wife finds her place, Abraham takes his place, and now he uses another example of Sarah. [Music] the contrast to Lot's wife, the bride type in Genesis, hidden bride type in Genesis 19, who chose to stay where the promise is. Will you stay? Did you make a decision tonight? I just like we said before, you have a choice to leave a better man or a better woman. Brother Aaron, will you leave a better man tonight? You make that choice. You can make that choice, Brother Phillip. Make a choice tonight. I'm trying not just singling those brothers out. But just just to so you can begin to make it personal. Then we can do it tonight by just standing. So I'm going all the way with my Lord. Choosing tonight. Let's stand. If you want to choose, I'm going to be a better man, a better woman tonight. I'm happy that he is my Lord. What he speaks, I will obey. And that's my delight. That's my joy. That's my pleasure. Let's bow our heads. I can say this before we pray. Remember Lot's wife? Is God whispering a secret to his wife just as he did the bosom of John? Did he not tell John the one who would betray him? Pet tell Ask him. Ask him who is it? John the type of the bride resting his bosom on the heart of Jesus. His head on the heart of Jesus. resting his head in the bosom of Jesus, Jesus leans down and said, "It's the one that when I've dipped my hand to him." And he knew the secret of who would betray him. And then right within the context of this beautiful truth of the revealing of the son of man, the living bread of life bringeth forth the bride. He says, "Remember Lot's wife." And it becomes a hidden revelation to the elect who could recognize a contrary spirit recognizing an opposition representing a a identifying and exposing a resistance to the revealed word of the hour that'll sweep itself onto people and cause them to walk away. And it would be my prayer that the Ruths that get caught up in the momentum, the Ruths that get caught up in the move, the Ruths that have temporarily lost their way would come to their senses. And I believe there's those who will. I believe there's those who will. Our gracious heavenly father, tonight, it has been such a joy to share your word with your bride. It has been lovely as a man of God to just walk with your with your wife through these scriptures. Have the privilege of sharing nuggets. [Music] Have the privilege of recognizing highlights. No wonder your prophet said it's the greatest privilege. is the most important job. This has been wonderful. Lord, I'm just saying this personally as a as a friend and as a brother, as a man of God tonight. Thank you, Lord, for this privilege. [Music] Thank you for these people that are so faithful. Thank you for the hunger of the hearts of those that are gathered, those that stream. Dozens that come every service even to stream online and can't be here but long to be here. The dozens that come in this setting now, Lord, it's just so beautiful. It's such a wonderful thing. And I'm moved now. I just desired that there would be a real anointing that would allow a son and a daughter tonight to know they're leaving better. Better for having heard your voice. Better for having seen themselves in the word. Lord, we have not just taken links to call out Lot and call out Orpa and call out Lot's wife, but we've connected them with Abraham. We've connected them with Ruth. We've connected them with Sarah. May they find themselves in Christ. May that be the uncction that gives them the courage to accept they're better. Courage to believe they're leaving better. The faith to know that it's going to get goodter. Commit the people to you tonight with this beautiful, wonderful presence that is with us. Bless them, I pray in your precious name. Amen.
