################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2021-05-25 - 04 Pure Joy Numb Pt. 2 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2021-05-25
Title:    04 Pure Joy: Numb Pt. 2
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 42m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU46KI_ZYm4
========================================

Description:
04 Pure Joy: Numb Pt. 2
Sunday Service: May 23 ,  2021
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Psalms 143 and we're going to read the same verse we left read last time, verse four. It says,"Therefore is my spirit overwhelmed within me and my heart within me is desolate." He's writing this because of the enemy which is persecuting him. And he says that as a result of his oppression and as a result of the darkness that he's facing and u the the overwhelming criticism and persecution, he says, "Therefore is my spirit overwhelmed within me. My heart within me is desolate." Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. And continuing on the subject that we uh ministered on last week which has been part of the overall subject of pure joy and a title subtitle being numb. I wanted again just to make a few comments at the beginning because we're I I feel that last week uh was very specific um and maybe not applicable to everyone but we could relate in some way. and I'm wanting to kind of continue on the same theme and maybe not have time to pick up and um put those other parts in it for context. So, if you hadn't heard the first part and you have some questions after this morning, maybe just going back and listening to that uh might help a little bit. But, we're addressing uh the condition of being emotionally numb and this condition of numbness being a hindrance to our experiencing pure joy. And we're we're looking at how that bad experiences or even uh spiritual abuse or certain kinds of events that take place in our lives can kind cause us to kind of turn off. And in doing so, we're we're we disengage and we're kind of we're a little bit of a a drift and we're not really focused. We're not entering in. We're not feeling things. And uh when you even go to church or even you do things as a a spouse or even as a parent and this could be a broad range of applications. You're just kind of going through the motions. there's really no feeling in it. Uh you you're not getting anything out of it. You're kind of just doing it because you know that you should and there's just nothing else available or there's no other options or if I don't do this then this is going to happen. And that's really no way to live. It's no way to live. And so this is uh that's kind of what we're looking at how to certain things can happen and events can take place and when that happens we just kind of uh shut off. We disengage. We turn off. shut down and we're no longer really feeling and going through things with feeling in it uh with a real understanding of purpose. And when that happens, learning to re-engage can be a very difficult process. If anybody's done that where you kind of take a step back and you get arms length or you kind of shut down or you turn things off um or you go are just going through the motions for to change to where you re-engage and it has feeling again and and you really like it and you're excited about. It's a very very difficult process. very hard when something has happened to to wound you or to turn you off or to kind of push you away to overcome this sense that I'm still being pushed. I'm still being harmed. I'm still being hurt and reach past beyond the pain or reach past scars or things that uh bother us and to re-engage. And and that these are just little principles I'm wanting to express here at the outset. And we came to the the emphasis last Sunday that to in order to heal, you need to feel. And that if we're going to be in a position for God to heal us, we're going to be in a position for God to deliver us, we need to start feeling again. And that if we're going to grow, if we're going to mature, if we're going to change, we must have feeling. It's not going to take place just unconsciously for us. It's not going if you're sick in your body a and and you don't feel it, then you're not going to call out to God to heal it. But once you know and once it begins to set in on you, once you begin to experience hardships and difficulties as a result of it, it creates a desperation. And so it's through that feeling and that burden and that that anxiety that you call out to the Lord and he relieves you of your distress and can deliver you. So sometimes this numbness has a negative side effect where you're just going to live with it the rest of your life. Well, I'll just make do. I'll just buckle down and I'll get through this. I'll just become hard to it. I'll get used to it and I won't have to worry about it. And that's kind of the point that we're trying to make that if you're ever going to heal, you need to start feeling again. And in the context of pure joy, if you're going to experience the full joy of the Lord, we need to even begin. For some of us, I'm not saying that all of you are just uh you know, all of you are numb and we're trying to make you feel by kicking you really hard. That's not the emphasis at all. But for some of us, if we're ever going to experience the full joy of the Lord, God's going to have to first start dealing with our numbness and become aware that we have a we're numb and and we're not moved and we're unaffected by the things of God or we we don't have the joy that we used to have. And God's going to have to deal with us in that area. And when he starts to do it, it can cause your heart to race a little bit. You start breathing a little bit faster and you might start to get a little bit a little bit uncomfortable. But instead of running away this time, you ask yourself, God, what is it you're trying to do? Lord, I I want I do I want to feel again. I don't want to feel miserable, but I want to feel joy. And right now, because I'm trying to protect myself from misery, I can't feel anything. And then you have to start trusting in the Lord and letting him begin to do this work that he wants to do. So, that's just a few comments at the outset and the subject of pure joy. We've been uh just really moved by this, been studying it has such a tremendous connection to the things of God that have been taking place in the end time and the open of the word of God. But when we talk about pure joy, it's not just an emotion uh that you can experience when you go on a when you do something thrilling or you go skydiving or you win the lottery, which those are all things that we do all the time. Uh it's not that kind of thrill or that kind of excitement, but it's a harmony. This is how I like to ponder. It's a harmony when all the other emotions are subject to the word. Pure joy is is not that well I don't have any problems with pure joy is in the midst of these other anxieties and these fears and these difficulties and these pains there's a harmony that exists because they become subject to the word of God. I I've got this sickness but I believe God's my healer or man this is a very terrible situation and my heart is broken but God's a comforter. And so you have this harmony to where these emotions you have become subject to the word of God and the word of God which resides within our souls that becomes our source of joy. And therefore it's a pure joy. We've used the we've identified this statement as being a very important one that brother Brad makes. If you're if our faith is set right in the right position, it gives a constant satisfaction. So if our faith is set right and in the right position. So we have faith and we know we have faith. But if there's some kind of unsettled feeling or you're not getting the joy that you want to have, then that faith has to be oriented correctly. It has to be set right and in the right position. And then once it sets right and is in the right position, it gives a constant satisfaction. And that would be a sign to us that when all of a sudden we're not getting the satisfaction that we once got or we know there's more to be satisfied. Then it's not a matter of, oh, I don't have any faith or or or I must not be a believer. No, it's just a matter of getting your faith in the right position. And that should come as a comfort to all of us that it's just a matter of us yielding and finding that place where our faith needs to be. And the joy of the Lord as we're looking at it, this pure joy, it's something that frames our lives. It's not something that we say, well, uh, uh, I just want to be happy all the time. I want to be excited. I want to be bubbling. And we're talking about an emotion. We're talking about a pure joy that kind of frames our lives that no matter what's taking place, no matter what happens, there's something that frames it and gives it context. We know, you know what, difficult things happen and we're really going through a hard time, but God uses this for good or this happens or that happens, but God has a way of bringing this out or oh, I've been here before and I despared and I couldn't think about what I was going to do when I lost that other job, but God gave me a better one and I know this time he can do the same thing. It's something that kind of gives context to things that happens in our lives and it's something that ultimately just upholds our hearts despite any difficulty that's taking place. So pure joy or if we look at what brother Brandham said about constant satisfaction, it's not the absence of negative emotions. To have pure joy doesn't mean that you're never sad. To have pure joy doesn't mean you're not frustrated to but pure joy just it doesn't mean an immunity of from pain. Doesn't mean an immunity from sadness. But pure joy is the product. It's the outcome of pursuing something that has purpose. Pure joy is the product of living a meaningful life. And so we do not flee from pain. Then if we think about this, this is probably where where my emphasis is going to be. We do not run from pain, but we run toward our destiny. That we experience difficulty, hardship, and this hurts and that and that and we want to we kind of back up and we don't want to we want to stop. We want to run away. We want to do things differently so that we don't experience the pain. But we're pursuing a purpose. And in pursuing a purpose, I'm not going to run away from pain if my destiny is on the other side of it. I'm not going to run away from difficulty if what God is calling me to requires me to go through it. And if we just become people are always running from pain and always running away from things that are difficult, you're never going to achieve the destiny that God has for you. Unless we can all be honest, we we don't like generally all uh you know, human beings are do not like change. That's generally what pain signifies. Change is coming. And so we try to avoid it. We don't want to feel it. We don't want to go through it. And it's understandable. And some of us maybe can tolerate a greater pain than others. And some of us may actually uh embrace or you know hate pain more than others. But we have to be able to feel in order to grow and to mature and to come to our destiny. As I posed the question last time, I experienced it in my own life. I don't know if I'm if this is faith or if I'm just numb. And that's a that's a tough spot to be in. Am I unaffected because I'm believing? Am I unaffected because I just know God's going to work things out? or have I gone through this so much I'm just numb to the hurt of it. I'm just numb to the difficulties. I'm just numb to the darkness. I'm just numb to the bleakness. And we don't want to be numb. We want to have faith. Hearts full of faith. And so if you're constantly undergoing pain, if you're constantly experiencing disappointment, this can trigger an emotional defense, an emotional defense mechanism. It's and we do it in order to protect our feelings. We do it in order to protect our thoughts. We don't like to be tormented. We don't like to be discouraged. We don't like to always have this thought that something bad's going to happen. And so when that takes place, when these situations happen and we start going through them, often we get the feeling of, uh-oh, it's happening again. Uh-oh, this is so and so's coming over. Oh no, somebody said something and we shut down. We just want to tune it out. We don't want to think about it. And it's actually your body trying to protect you. It's an emotional defense mechanism. And that's what we read about in Psalms 143:4 as you look at it. And we just we'll begin here trying to go forward with that's um kind of marrying the thought of pure joy and numbness together. So you understand the overall vision that we have in our text Psalms 143:4. Therefore is my spirit overwhelmed within me. My heart within me is desolate. He's saying my spirit is wrapped in darkness. I'm shrouded in darkness. I see no way out. It's a helpless situation. I have no vision. I have no hope. And my heart grows numb within me. The only way that he could begin to deal with the constant persecution and the difficulties and the hardships is he retreats into a dark place and he begins to feel such an overwhelmed feeling that it triggers something and his response is shut down. Come become numb to it or you're going to have a panic attack. Become numb to it or you're going to fret and you're going to be anxious. You're going to stop operating, stop functioning. So it says my heart grows numb within me. And this is when you read this, I want you to think about it in your in your sense. I mean this is a human being writing this. This is someone experiences the same emotions you write or that you experience as as this is written of them. This co this this condition even what's being written here and you can relate to this this condition of constantly feeling overwhelmed provoked this defense mechanism of becoming numb. Who wants to be in a state of of horror all the time? Who wants to be in a state of anxiety? And it's the body saying you know what enough's enough. Shut down. And so numb it means to be deprived of power of sensation or movement. Deprived of of movement, deprived of sensation, deprived of feeling where you can't feel anymore. Or deprived of responsiveness. Like something you get uh something hits you, you should experience pain. Or somebody pretends to take a swing at you, you should flinch. But when you're numb, you don't even respond to stimulus. Like this isn't even normal anymore. Normally a person would say, "Oh, that's hot." Or, "No, oh that's cold, or this is that's not good or that's bad." But you get to a place where you're just numb. I was pondering some of the different examples in the scripture how that the prophet was blushing at the sins of Israel and brother Brandham preaching the blushing prophet saying we don't blush anymore. And what was he identifying? We become numb to sin sin and something happens and we don't even blush and go THAT'S HORRIBLE. HOW COULD YOU SAY THAT? How could you do that? Oh my goodness. That's that's awful. But we hear it so often and so often it just gets oh that's just so and so. Oh, that they're just that's just the way they are. And really what we've we just become numb to the horror of it. We become numb to really just how awful it is. And this emotional numbing, it's a a mental and emotional process of just shutting down your feelings. So, it may not have to do with I'm not talking about maybe the physical numbness, but we use the physical numbness to kind of understand what we may be meaning by emotional numbness. But it's just the shutting down of feelings. And when you shut down your feelings, you're you're it results in an inability to feel emotions. But ponder this. It results in an inability to express emotions. So, well, I'm going to shut down because I don't want to feel pain. But if you shut down because you don't want to feel pain, you may not be able to express kindness. You shut down because you're afraid to be hurt, you may not be able to express love or healing, emotions of healing. And you find that you have an emotional paralysis to where I don't want to be hurt, so I can't engage. I can't love. I can't act. I can't do things. Uh uh to show that I love because I'm so busy trying to protect my heart from being hurt. And as they have a physical diagnosible condition called a cognitive insensitivity to pain and where some an actual person will not feel pain. They could jump off a balcony and break their leg and just try to stand up like nothing happened. They can put their hand on a hot stove and it begin to melt their flesh and they won't feel anything. And there's something neurologically long wrong with their body and they can't experience pain. We can get to that place where emotionally we get so beat up and battered to where we just don't feel anything anymore. And for some people, maybe it doesn't take an emotional battery and they're just born like a cyborg and nothing ever phases them. They don't care and it doesn't bother them and they're unmoved and you're just wanting them to feel a little bit. But that's the point I'm trying to make and the thing I'm trying to identify is that we can get to a place where we're insensitive and we're not feeling anymore. There's ways that you could you could ask yourself, well, am I is this me? Am I going through this? is do I engage in this? And some of the warning signs where you're becoming emotionally numb is you're not enjoying positive things that you once enjoyed. I used to love this. Get nothing out of it now. This used to be fun. I used to look forward to it. I I used to I used to want to do this. But you begin to lose interest in things that were positive that you derived a tremendous benefit from or derived pleasure from. But now you begin to lose interest in it. Another warning sign you sign is you begin to detach become detached from others. you begin to disengage. You get away from fellowship. You're no longer involved. These are warning signs of becoming emotionally numb. And I'm I'm not just uh didn't sign you all up for a psychology class uh where this it m we're emotional beings. So, we can't just disregard emotions like you're going to leave your emotions at the door and you're just going to bring your soul in here and I'm just going to preach the word and feed your faith and forget about your emotions. No, that that's being naive. That's absolutely being naive. Even after you've been born again by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, it the the Holy Ghost is constantly wanting to have preeminence in our emotions. So, it has to address our emotions in a very special way. And so, the the really the I don't want you to kind of lose sight of, well, I I don't feel like I'm emotional numb. I'm strong emotionally. These things are great. Brother Aaron's just using psychology this morning. When I'm talking about being emotionally numb, it's something that impacts our spiritual well-being or is an evidence of our spiritual well-being not being healthy. So, it's a dangerous place to be emotionally and spiritually numb to where you're lacking sensitivity or you're just shell shocked. I've been through so much. I'm just not even phased anymore. In Hebrews chapter 4:15, we were um emphasizing this scripture last time. It's such a beautiful scripture. For we have not a high priest which cannot be touched with the feeling of our infirmities, but was in all points tempted like as we are, yet without sin. We read it this way. We have a high priest who can be touched with the feeling of our infirmities. And so he has compassion not because we have infirmities, but because he can understand and relate to and be empathetic about the feeling of our infirmities. He can be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. It means he's provoked to compassion as a result of our infirmities because of his own temptation. He can relate to how we must feel. He can relate to what we must be going through. And so when we read this, we our takeaway is Christ knows how we feel and how I feel is relevant. He said, "Oh, it doesn't matter about your feelings." Well, it matters to God how you feel. As a father who's concerned about his children, and I realize it takes some qualification because you know, people right now just writing very fervently. Did you hear what he said? And they're just on the table looking up quotes about it doesn't have nothing to do with feelings. Wow. I'm talking about God's care and love for you where he's wants to demonst he's he's demonstrating to you that what you're going through matters to him because he can be touched by the feeling of your infirmities and and you can look at Christ who is the high priest who is in all points tempted like as we were and can be touched with the feeling of our infirmities. This is someone who is deeply in tune with his own emotions. He Christ was not emotionalist. Christ was not a robot who just kind of went through things and said, "You can want to stone me, but it won't bother me at all." And and he didn't create the mantra, "Sticks and stones may break my bones, but your words will never hurt me." He was very honest about his feelings. He expressed his feelings often. In Matthew 9:36, watch this. It says, "But when he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion on them." Why was he moved with compassion for the people? Because they fainted. They gave up. They were becoming numb. They were hurt. They were weary and they were scattered abroad and as as sheep having no shepherd. So he could see these people who had fainted and they were weary because they'd been broken. They'd been wounded. They'd been scattered and they were like sheep without a shepherd. And he didn't just look at them and tell them, "Oh, God gave you a promise to suck it up and be faithful and look for the Messiah." He had compassion on them because he knew that those circumstances they went through were not without consequence. that here's sheep without shepherds and without a shepherd and can they trust again? Can they love? Can they be can they come back under the fold and he has a he has a a feeling for them. HE'S MOVED WITH COMPASSION BECAUSE of their situation, their emotional situation. In Isaiah 53:3, he is despised and rejected of men a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief. Now, that's this is the Messiah we're talking about. He's despised and rejected. Well, we can maybe accept that just very readily. No, people just don't accept the word. And when the word comes, he's despised. It's rejected. It's hated. But now, notice the consequence of the rejection or consequence of being despised. A consequence of being called to what he was called to. He is characterized now as a man of sorrows, acquainted with grief. That he himself was sorrowful. He himself experienced distressing emotions. He is now characterized, generally characterized as being a man of sorrows. And that he's so acquainted with grief, he's familiar with it. He knows what it's like. It's not a man that merely knows your sorrow or a man that knows your grief, but it's a man himself who is characterized as being sorrowful and is being characterized as one with grief. John 11:33, I just wanted to use one scripture to point this out. When Jesus therefore saw her weeping and the Jews also weeping which came with her, this is at the resurrection of Lazar. Lazarus, he groaned in the spirit and was troubled. This is something that's written about Jesus. He he doesn't see the weeping and the unbelief and the fanaticism and he's immune to it. He's not moved by it. I'm just conducting myself above all this nonsense. No, he groans in his spirit and is troubled by it. Right? He's a man of sorrows, acquainted with grief. He's moved on uh with compassion about the circumstances of other people. He groans in his spirit and is troubled when he sees the Jews weeping who wanted to kill him by the way just at that very moment and going out with her something has grown in his spirit and he's troubled. I would say at the very least and and I mentioned this quite often that when we see scriptures like this and you see Elijah under a juniper tree and you see these different examples in the scripture, you see even the example with our messenger how despondent he ca became after the loss of his wife and his daughter. this seeing these things should at the very least remove the stigma of going through things back battling things emotionally. I think that maybe the worst thing that comes with it sometimes is the stigma. Oh, well, you're just weak mentally. Oh, you just have mental health issues. I'm just concerned about your mental health. A and and and because you're just weak in your mind and and there's a stigma that comes with it and and there's even a language that we can use about certain things to where it places a stigma on it and then once it's stigmatized someone who's going through this you stigmatize it. They're not going to stick their head up and say, "Oh, well, you know what? I'm struggling with that. I could really use some help." They don't want to be labeled. They don't want to be labeled the makebeliever. They don't want to be labeled someone who's weak or well, you just need the Holy Ghost. And so by looking at these things, it should at the very least remove the stigma. But I think the next step for me would be want you to understand or at least it give you faith to believe that he has a remedy for your emo painful emotions. That if he can be touched with the feeling of my infirmities and he knows what it's like to grow in his spirit and be troubled. He's a man of sorrows acquainted with grief. He had compassion upon those who faint and are scattered and wounded. Then it shows that this is a part of the HIGH PRIEST THAT I WANT TO TOUCH. THIS IS PART OF THE HIGH PRIEST who can enter in empathetically to what I'm going through and not just say, "Oh, I'm so sorry." But can actually have a solution for it. Give us faith to believe that he can remedy, he can heal our pain. There's a lot that could be said about emotions, but emotions are conscious experiences that are characterized by some thought process, some kind of mental activity. So, it's something we're conscious of and aware of, and whatever degree of pleasure or displeasure that it brings us. So this is things that are in our spirit, our mind. We're thinking, "Wow, I I am experiencing right now the feeling of joy. I'm experiencing right now the feeling of pain. I'm experiencing the feeling right now of rejection or jealousy." Those are emotions. And emotions are critical for to function healthy. If we're going to have a healthy function of our of our person, then our emotions are critical. Think of your emotions as feedback mechanisms. And we and the same way that the sense of touch and something's hot, it'll burn you. Uh is a feedback mechanism to say, well, don't touch that or don't leave your hand on it too long or don't drink that it's too hot. The same way that our emotions give us feedback for our protection. They give us feedback for preservation. You know that I noticed in my family in my two oldest that there was uh the with Elliott, he was immediately sensed when something was kind of dangerous. Like he's like, "Uh, why are you putting me on top of the refrigerator? But it looks funny, you know, just let me do it. It's like no, but like with Preston, I mean, it's kind of like, is that all you got? You can't get me any higher. And so, one maybe has this sense of this is risky, this is dangerous. The other one, I I don't know. This is is this good? Everything seems fine. And I'm not the I'm not the type that likes to, you know, would go to a lake and try to find the highest spot and let's jump off of it. I mean, I just start kind of uh locking up just with the thought of it. You know what? Why don't we just play Take the Name of Jesus with you. I think I'm about to have a panic attack just thinking about it. But others ARE LIKE, "LET'S DO IT. THAT'S GREAT. LET'S KEEP DOING IT." And they're all into it. And that's just this sense of of risk or danger. And some people have none. Others have maybe too much. But that's what our emotions do. They give us feedback. Don't do this. This is dangerous. Don't do that. That's risky. And it's for our protection and our preservation. In some ways, for our enjoyment. And emotions provide, this is the very critical to how the Lord's dealing me. Emotions provide motivation. And the very word emotion and its etmology and the way it was used originally and the how the word came together, it means a moving or a stirring or an agitation. So an emotion is a mover. An emotion is an agitation. It's a stirring. It's something that moves you. It comes in the Latin from stir up in the French to move out or to remove. And so you have these in these different conjugations and these different uh the origin of this word to stir up to move out to to agitate. These are this is what emotions are. So emotions serve as motivation. So then to be without emotions or to not have feeling is a dreadful state. If you don't have anything that can motivate you, you understand where I'M SAYING THAT? WELL, YEAH, I DON'T WANT TO FEEL PAIN. But if you lose the sense of feeling, then you lose ambition. You lose motivation. If you can't feel that something is burning you, then you lose actually the impetus and THE MOTIVATION. SAY, "GET UP. IT'S BURNING YOU." RIGHT? And that's what happens when you your emotions begin to get mudded and things get muddled up and things get calloused over and scarred. You lose feeling. I heard this from a number of people that when they had COVID 19 that the worst thing was the loss of taste and loss of smell. And some people it seemed to me when they articulate that their greatest fear is that it wouldn't come back and because it was something that you always had and now you lose it and it changes things and it becomes very very difficult and it could become very fearful and just imagine if you are if you lost your sense of smell and you lost your sense of taste and you were a chef immediately say well this is my this is this is how I enjoy this. This is how I I I make this work. These are things that I would do. Uh um uh these are things I need. And I'm saying this so you can get a relate now to the how important our feelings are and our emotions are just as our natural senses are important. Maybe this will help. Brother Bam said anything without emotion is dead. Anything without emotion is dead. And so you if you have no emotions at all, you're dead. You have no feeling. It's a characterization of being dead. So, brother Bam, when he uses that in different places, so if it doesn't have emotions, just buried, it's dead. He says, "So, we got to have emotions. We've got to have feeling. There has to be there has to be some sense." And when I say feeling, I'm not just trying to talk about shouting and dancing and getting all excited. I'm talking about even faith, which is a sick sense. Something deep down inside that feels, that knows, that senses. Talking about a discernment. I'm talking about a perception. I'm talking about an awareness to where we don't say, "Well, I'm just numb to everything and nothing bothers me." That's not faith. That's becoming callous. That's retreating to darkness. That's I don't want to think about it. I don't want to consider it. I don't want TO KNOW ABOUT IT. DON'T TELL ME. AND A LOT OF TIMES BAD THINGS HAPPEN and everybody just shuts up. Nobody says anything. You know why? They don't want to talk about it and confirm their worst fears that that's exactly what happened. THINGS CAN COME AND GO WITHIN FAMILIES, WITHIN CHURCHES. Nobody talks about it at all. Why? They they don't want to they don't want to feel it. They don't want to consider what may have happened. They don't want to think about the reality. Well, I heard and if that's true, this isn't good. And so, they don't want to talk about it. So, then it just gets buried. And then when it happens again, they're like, is this a pattern? No. No. Uhuh. Because the other one really didn't even happen either. You become numb to it. You become numb to it. Become numb to it. We've got to have feeling. Again, I said last time, I hope that you just really stay focused to what I'm saying because uh that I'm not pushing you to emotion. I'm not pushing you to feelings. I'm trying to identify how some people become callous to him completely. This statement really really moved me as I was studying last week in the message conferences. God says, "But God made a decision." This is in the beginning when mankind fell. And the decision was something had to die because it spoke of him, his holiness and righteousness to his own law. The day you eat of that, you die. And there had to be a substitute with the feeling. Botney life has no feeling. So he had to kill something in order to get skins to cover them up. Why is it that a a fruit wouldn't work? Why is it that the the fig leaves that they sewed together didn't work? Why is it he had to take a lamb that was innocent in order to get usher them out of the garden? He had to take something with feeling. It wasn't enough that it would be inanimate. It wasn't enough just to set something in motion. He had to take something with feeling. What does this signified? It signified the sacrifice OF JESUS CHRIST WHO WOULD FEEL THE FULL WEIGHT OF REJECTION. FEEL the full weight of sins. HE KNEW WHAT IT FELT LIKE TO WHAT IT FELT LIKE TO BE A SINNER. HE BORE IT. HE BORE THE SORROW. HE BORE THE REJECTION. HE BORE THE LONELINESS. And as he's hanging there on the cross, HE SAY, "I KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE TO FEEL LIKE A SINNER. I KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE TO FEEL REJECTED. I KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE TO FEEL LONELY." HE COULD SENSE AND FEEL ALL OF THAT. AND GOD'S SACRIFICE REQUIRED SOMEBODY WHO COULD FEEL. Think about that. There had to be a substitute with feeling. Botney life has no feeling. So he had to kill something. SOMEBODY HAD TO FEEL it in order for there TO BE ATONEMENT. SOMEBODY HAD TO FEEL IT in order for there to be redemption. You say, "Oh, well feelings DON'T MATTER." WELL, THEY did in this sense. You don't go by, well, I don't feel good today, so things aren't good. That Yeah, that has the application. And that's true. We don't go by feelings, but that doesn't mean we become emotionless and we have no feeling. Right? There's a way that we just need to be balanced in that. And that's really not what I'm trying to do. But I just sense as I'm preaching this, sometimes you can get so tunnled in on one specific thought that you don't realize some people are looking at a piece of a puzzle in the broader picture. And I just feel to frame it a little bit. say, "I'm not I'm not disregarding all the things that we've been taught about feelings and emotions and those things, but bring in a balance because we can take this side to where feelings don't matter, emotions don't matter, your spiritual your emotional well-being, your spirit doesn't matter when it absolutely does." Let me just say this and and this is kind of some things that I'm forwardlooking in this subject matter that brother Brandham uses an example and I'll use this maybe here very soon. He's talking about a young girl who went to college and he said the professor swung her mind away from the truth and she took on an evil spirit. And brother Bam said the preaching of the gospel is to swing your mind back. Now think about it. We could get so word only, it's like, well, forget about your mind. I'm speaking to your soul. But we're taught in the word of God that in order for the word to get to the soul, the mind has to be swung back to an open channel to receive it. And so the word of God isn't JUST TAKE HIM AS WORD, TAKE HIM AS HIS WORD, TAKE HIM as word. But the word of God has to come in a special way to take that person's brokenness and their emotions and their mind and line it up to where they come to this spot to where once THAT CHANNEL OPENS UP, THEN THE WORD only comes into the soul. And so the the word of God in the Bible does not just disregard all of our feelings and emotions and our past and all of our experiences. It wants to meet those needs so that we can go forward. not get out our lawn chairs and sit back and just look back and say, "Man, this life's been hard and I've been through this and I've been through that." And like a bunch of war veterans comparing scars and talking about how wounded we are and how broken we are. No, we want it to heal so we can go forward. We're pursuing purpose. We're running to a destiny. So, when we use the subject of numb, I'm addressing our own emotional numbness. I believe the word of God wants to expose any spiritual numbness. Emotional numbness is caused by a physical pain or even emotional pain, verbal abuse or even physical abuse or difficult things or trauma that takes place. And whenever we experience physical trauma or emotional trauma or difficult situations or we have the sense of being overwhelmed constantly whether it be in our finances, on the job or stressful situations, it can lead us to becoming emotionally numb. But then that can lead to unintentionally becoming spiritually numb because you're trying to shut off all these painful emotions in your natural life and it makes you unable to experience the move of God in your spiritual life. Become sensitive to how God's leading you sensitive to God's love FOR YOU. WHY? YOU TRIED TO PROTECT YOURSELF by yourself instead of putting him between you and the problem. You shut down over here and you become hard over here. But then it carries over into your spiritual relationship with the Lord. So becoming emotionally numb can hinder God dealing with our hearts because as I mentioned a moment ago, God deals with our feelings. Often we ignore or we begin to repress or or dismiss feelings which are the Lord moving within our emotional life. No h there's a godly sorrow that comes. There's something begins to work in our hearts. You shouldn't have said that. You shouldn't have done that. These are emotions. God or there's something you could change. There's something you can do. It begins to work in your heart and ah dismiss it. No, that's just the devil. I I remember a situation one time where a a a brother was sharing something that had been said about him. He's actually reading a letter and he was kind of sharing it and he's reading through it and as he's reading it, it became very revealing like, wow, it was from a worldly person like wow they've really been hurt. They've really been offended by something that was done that was really wrong and insensitive. And when they got done reading it, that's just the devil. It was like, uh, which part? What you did? Because if that's what you're saying, then I agree with you. But it was a complete inability to say this person's hurt. This person's offended. I need to make this right. It was just dismiss it as the devil. Just dismiss it as, well, that was disconcerting. Or, I I, you know, that that that's not right. This isn't. And you just dismiss it. And no, no, just be quiet. I don't want to hear it. don't want to hear it. And God may be trying to warn us. God may be trying to get our attention. He may be trying to change us, but we just kind of say, "Nah, I'm just going to dismiss it." So, we need to be honest about red flags. We need to be honest about things that are signaling, things that are taking place. Lord, what's happening? What's taking place? So, put it before the Lord. Ponder it. Lord, is this you that's DEALING WITH MY HEART? PUT IT BEFORE THE LORD AND THE LORD can say, "No, that's nothing but the devil." Then you want to stand with it. But if you REALIZE GOD IS ALLOWING THESE THINGS, GOD IS WORKING IN MY HEART. God is doing things to get my attention. This is God's way of warning me. Then we want to we WANT TO ACCEPT GOD'S DEALING WITH OUR HEARTS. Reminds you of the story where brother Bam talked about the prospector. I think it might have been here in Arizona where he said his dog was barking every night and that dog was there to protect him. AND THIS DOG KEPT BARKING. WHY? Because this outlaw had crept up near the camp and knew this prospector was sitting on some gold and the dog was there to warn him and he got tired of the barking dog so HE JUST SHOT IT AND KILLED IT. Then the prospector was murdered and all his gold was taken. And what was the lesson? Don't steal the voice that's trying to warn you. Don't quiet the sense in your heart that says something's not right. Something's wrong. Something's a miss. Don't just keep deadening that and deadening that and say, "No, everything's fine. Everything's we'll just get through. It's just a phase or whatever." And just pushing it down, pushing it down. Ponder it. If it be from God, we can't run away every time we get uncomfortable. We can't shut down every time we begin to experience pain. We need to ask ourselves, what is it I need to overcome? Here it comes again. What is it I need to overcome? I can't just always run away. I can't just always ignore it. I can't always deny it. What is it that I need to overcome? As I said last time, the danger of numbness is not only do you develop an inability to experience pain because you don't want to feel it, you develop an inability to experience pleasure. You develop an inability to experience happiness or as we're trying to identify pure joy. And I wanted to maybe develop this I I I think in my mind the whole service I wanted it just to be this thought and I realized you know what it's just it's just one statement that needs to be made and and I and I may have to back it up with some uh some examples but in order to experience joy and I'd even say experience happiness or pure joy and I'd say even in one of any of these positive emotions you have to put yourself in a position to potentially experience a letdown. In order to experience joy, you're going to have to put yourself in a position to experience sadness. In order to experience pleasure, you might have to put yourself in a position to experience pain. If you want to experience acceptance, you're probably going to have to put yourself in a position of experiencing rejection. So, this is uncomfortable. This is why we don't engage. This is why this is what makes a good salesman is they're willing to face rejection. and and they and they've kind of owned that and they've accepted it. They lean into it. What's the worst thing THAT CAN HAPPEN? SAY NO. That's it. That's the worst thing that can happen is they could say no. And and they're like, "If that's the worst thing that can happen, THEN JUST DO IT. JUST GO OUT THERE AND SELL." AND I'M THE PERSONALITY and they say, "What's the worst thing that can happen?" The worst thing is they could say no. And they're like, "EXACTLY." LIKE, "I KNOW. I KNOW. That's awful. I'm just going to go jump off a cliff." But you're afraid of heights. I know. I'm stuck. I don't know what to do. you just become numb. I I feel like I could never be a salesman. I have a hard time, you know, sending the steak back to the kitchen like, "Yeah, I know I'm paying $50 for this, but it's fine. Just bring me some ketchup." What kind of boot is this anyways? Because you're afraid of you, you know, you you just don't want to. You're not a salesman. You don't have it in you to do it. But if you're going to be successful in sales, you have to put yourself in a position to be unsuccessful. I know the saying is I guess it's Wayne Gretzky, brother Wayne Gretzky who said you miss 100% of all the shots you don't take. And really if you wanted to take issue with them, you say, 'Well, brother Wayne, I don't think you're right right exactly because I don't miss any shots I don't take. And that's the whole point. If I don't take my shot, I don't miss. And therefore, really, I'm not on the board at all. And you can't say I'm a loser because I didn't take a shot. But really, the point that's being made is you'll never make a shot if you don't shoot. That's the point that's being made. If you don't want to miss a shot, don't take a shot. BUT IF YOU WANT TO MAKE A SHOT, you're going to have to take one. You're going to have to take the risk of being blocked. You have to take a risk of missing the net. You have to take the risk because you're going to miss 100% OF THE SHOTS YOU don't take. And if your goal is to make one and not worry about missing one, then you're going to have to take them. And listen, DON'T SPEND YOUR ENTIRE CHRISTIAN LIFE WORRIED about the misses and worried about failures and worried about not getting this and missing that and missing that. Instead, TAKE THIS ATTITUDE THAT GOD HAS SOMETHING FOR ME AND I DON'T WANT TO MISS THAT. SO, I'M WILLING TO PUT MYSELF IN A POSITION OF RECEIVING IT AND WAITING FOR it and believing it and praying for it is to say, "Well, I don't want to experience rejection, so I'll just retreat, not ask for anything." Don't get to a place WHERE YOU FEEL SO rejected and so beat up and so DESPONDENT AND SO SAD TO WHERE I'M JUST NOT GOING TO ASK ANYMORE. I'M NOT GOING TO HOPE ANYMORE. I'M NOT GOING to believe anymore. If any of you have ever felt that way, this is what God is bringing me to as a minister to speak to you. SAY, "LISTEN, GET OUT OF THAT MINDSET. DON'T BECOME NUMB. Believe in God. EXPECT GREAT THINGS. PRAY AND ASK BIG." If you're always running away or retreating from potential pain, you'll never advance to pure joy. In Luke chapter 19, Jesus tells the story about the the man who gave the talents to the different servants. And he the the scriptures explains how he gave one this much and he was able to double it. This one this much and they all kind of amplified what they were given. But he comes to the one and he says uh Lord here's thy pound which I have kept laid up in a napkin. And then he gives his reason for I feared thee. So it was fear that motivated his lack of investment. We should never be motivated by fear. We should be motivated by faith. So it's this fear and it's not even a respect necessarily. He says because thou art an austere man, a harsh man. Thou takest up that thou laidest not down and reapest that that thou didest not sow. And and his master's like, you fool, you should have at least given it to the money changers if you know I was harsh. You should have at least given it to somebody who give me interest on it when you're done. But instead of doing what would have been maybe the least prudent thing or the safest thing to do or the the the had the less risk, YOU DIDN'T DO ANYTHING AT ALL because you were afraid. And so here's a man who was paralyzed by fear. He knew that HE WAS A HARSH MAN. AND HE EVEN GIVES EXAMPLES of what he had DONE IN THE PAST. SO NOW IT'S even a complex that maybe this YOUNG MAN HAD BUILT UP TO WHERE HE'S AFRAID TO INVEST. HE'S AFRAID TO do something because what might HAPPEN AND THE REJECTION and the pain and the THINGS THAT COULD BE SAID AND all the OTHER THINGS THAT MIGHT HAPPEN and he he was at a place where it mattered too much to him the negative things that might happen if it doesn't turn well. And so he didn't even do anything. Not even the least thing he should have done with those feelings. Yeah. Well, maybe you shouldn't try to gamble it and and and put a large bet on Bitcoin or do this with that and use the money that way. Maybe you should just be really safe. Put it in a CD. When's he going to be back? Six months. put it in a six-month CD which earns 0.00000000001% and at least that way he'll get 0.1% on his investment instead of just laying it under a napkin and getting nothing. The fear did not prompt him to proper action but he locked up. He froze. He was given a talent. What are you going to do with it? I'll just hide it. Well, why don't you why don't you invest it? Well, what if something bad happens? Okay. All right. Well, then don't invest it. How about you just put it in a savings account? No. Um, I'm just going to leave it here. Got paralyzed. Hope you can relate somehow. Very characterist characterization of Leodysia is that they're not hot or cold, but lukewarm. That's numb because they're numb to their spiritual condition. They become numb to their depravity. They become numb to their nakedness. They become numb to their need and they ah we don't need anything. And the Bible says that they are lukewarm. This is spiritual apathy. They're apathetic. THEY DON'T CARE. IT DOESN'T MATTER. ME. Their favorite philosopher is uh mediocrates, right? Ah, good enough. It just doesn't MATTER ANYMORE. THEY'RE NOT MOVED. THIS IS WHAT THIS WORD MEANS. It means of being tepid or cold. They had come to a place being lukewarm. They're not concerned. They're not moved. They're cold. Brother Brandham identifies them over and over again as being cold. They have become hard. Their hearts have become hardened. They are, this is a phrase brother uses a lot, indifferent. Doesn't matter. What about this? Doesn't matter. What about that? Nah, doesn't matter. And it's not faith. I I I I read some relationship advice one time. It says, "If you ever want to know where your wife wants to go eat, ask her to guess where you're taking her. The offering box is in the back. [laughter] That That's going to pay off." Honey, guess where I'm taking you? Flemy's. Exactly. Siri, make a reservation at Flemy's. Where was I going with that? Oh, indifferent. But the worst part is like, it doesn't matter. Okay, Flemings. H I don't want steak. Ah, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. And really, it does. But you just become indifferent. I don't care. I can put up with anything. I can handle it. It's a bad place to be. When it says they were lukewarm, it was a heart that was not passionate about anything and a heart that's not soft, a heart a heart that's not sensitive. Listen, I'm not talking about being weak Christians. I'm talking about a heart that's pliable, a heart that's teachable. And when we as believers experience so much, we get to a place where our hearts are hardened, then it can no longer properly be impacted by the word. We could, listen, this is going to be very sobering. We could just be saying amen from here. Our discipline to church, our belief in the message and everything. We're just going through the emotions, it's really all just kind of on on automate now because we stopped feeling a long time ago because this happened and that happened and this happened and that happened and we just want to become numb to everything and numb to everything. That's what results in the blowup BECAUSE NOBODY SLOWS DOWN ENOUGH TO SAY, "WELL, what just happened and what about this and what about that?" and allow God to come on the scene and put things in perspective and bring healing and everyone just kind of no no no no I'm just not gonna think about it I'm not gonna think about it and then one day IT JUST BLOWS UP on somebody if our heart is not soft and sensitive becomes callous the word can't even impact it anymore I know this is pretty sobering stuff and I said last time that it may only be applicable to very few but it's important to ponder these things in the parable of the swer and the word was cast out and there's some that were on the wayside and some that fell on stony ground and then others that were in the midst of thorns and then some that fell on good ground. Jesus in Luke 8:13 interprets those that fell upon the rock. They on the rock are they which when they hear receive the word with joy. So initially when they receive it there's joy and these have no root which for a while believe. So they receive it with joy and they they they they believe for a while but because of the hardness of their heart the word cannot take root and not taking root it says and and in a time of temptation fall away. Now I know it's very easy for us to say oh yeah time of temptation they lusted they committed adultery they committed fornication oh they stole they robbed they committed murder. TEMPTATION JUST MEANS A TRIAL. It means approving in a testing of their faith, IN A TRYING OF THEIR FAITHFULNESS BECAUSE THEY DIDN'T HAVE a heart that the word COULD PENETRATE. THIS HARD HEART RESULTS IN FAILURE. AND IT'S not because they didn't believe at one time. It's not because THEY DIDN'T HAVE JOY AT ONE TIME IN THE WORD OF GOD. IT'S JUST SOMETHING IN THEIR HEART HAD NEVER BEEN RESOLVED. They had never let the ground get broken up. They'd never properly been watered. THEY BECOME CALLOUS. THEY BECOME HARD. THEY BECOME INDIFFERENT. AND THEY CAN SAY, "YES, AMEN. I believe. But then DIFFICULTIES COME AND THEY FIND THAT their faith is being tested. And it's THE GRACE OF GOD THAT he lets THEM FALL AWAY BECAUSE then they could realize my heart was too hard. It needs to be healed. If I'm ever going to serve God, I'm going to have to have this heart broken up and this ground is going to have to become soft again. In 1 Timothy chapter 4:es 1-2, it says, "The spirit speaketh expressly in the latter times that some are going to depart from the faith. Men will depart from the faith." And I'm going to skip to verse two. Having their conscience seared with the hot iron. They depart from the faith, they manifest these different wicked things of wickedness. And it's their conscience that is seared with the hot iron. Cauterized flesh. If you take a an ir a hot iron and you burn the flesh, it becomes hard. It becomes dead to sense. There's a lot a lot of rich uh history behind this thought of uh slaves being uh branded or criminals being branded and this brand this cauterized flesh serves as a reminder uh that they were sinners. But here he's talking about a seared conscience. A conscience that is seared is past feeling. A conscience that is seared is unable is hardened and can't feel anymore. Now, I'm not WANTING TO APPROACH THIS IN THE SENSE THAT I FEEL LIKE I'VE stumbled upon a group of a bunch of makebelievers or unbelievers who are just living ungodly and doing this and doing that and trying to justify AND YOU GUYS ARE ALL A BUNCH OF FORNICATORS AND DRUG users and a and ponzi scheme promoters and just really ripping you up and trying to get you TO FEEL AGAIN. NO, I'M not wanting to look at in the sense of this gross, terrible, negligent, perverse sin that might have even be referenced here in the scripture, BUT PONDER THE ASPECT how that our consciences can become hard and how that it's through that that we can begin to depart from the faith or lead the feeling and conviction that faith wants to give us. AND WE CANNOT LET THE HARDNESS OF LIFE harden our hearts. We cannot do it. Jesus said in Matthew chapter 13:15, "For this people's heart is waxed gross, waxed gross." It's said this way in Psalms 119:70, "Their heart is as fat as grease." Remember that one. You ever want to burn somebody? Their heart is as fat as grease. It it it's the waxed gross. It means insensitive, numb. When your heart is fat as grease, it doesn't mean you've been eating in and out every day or, you know, going to the fair and eating everything that's deep fried. Your heart is fat as grease becomes insensitive, becomes numb. It's thick. It's hard. It's callous. Their heart is waxed, gross. And notice what happens when you become your heart becomes w dull. Your ears are dull of hearing. And this is the part that you have to recognize here. Ears can be dull of hearing through the hardness of your heart. their eyes they have closed. So now there's even an affirmative act on this person's part through the hardening of their heart. Their heart becoming fat as grease, their hearts grassing a waxing gross because of iniquity. They they become dull of hearing and then they purposely close their eyes lest at any time they should see with their eyes and hear with their ears and should understand with their heart. Notice and should be converted and I should heal them. If there's no feeling, there's no healing. If you don't feel the pains and regret of sin, you can never experience salvation and a conversion by virtue of your repenting. You have to feel it. YOU HAVE TO FEEL THE WEIGHT OF IT. YOU HAVE TO RECOGNIZE THE HORROR. I'M A SINFUL CREATURE. CHRIST DIED FOR MY SINS. THERE HAS to be feeling in order to be converted. THERE HAS TO BE FEELING IN ORDER FOR THERE TO BE HEALING. And if we let the circumstances of life begin to produce a heart that is fat as grease or a heart that's wax gross and we become numb to certain things because I don't want to hear it, I don't want to hear. If you just mention it, it's a trigger. my heart starts racing and then we begin to just CLOSE OUR EYES BECAUSE WE DON'T WANT TO EXPERIENCE IT. THEN WE BECOME NUMB. AND JESUS IS SAYING IF YOU DO THAT, I can't heal you. We must not become numb. We must not become numb to our own need of healing. And I say this, the needs of others. because you get so locked up and caught up in self-preservation, you're never going to be able to help somebody else. There's several different concepts I wanted to amplify, but I'll just mention them because I know that you know these things in the message. Brother Bam defined spiritual amnesia this way. People get to a spot to where they have no feeling on the inside of them. That's what spiritual amnesia is. We think, "Oh, it's just when I forget." No, it's when you want to forget and so you become numb. people get to a spot where they have no feeling on the inside of them. I had at least two people mention to me after last Sunday that it reminded them of leprosy and how that the one of the conditions of leprosy is you lose feeling or sensation and this is in the flesh. The the the neurological impact of these things is uh even one brother shared a story with me how a doctor who treated leprosy and lepers in India uh uh one day went home and he took off his shoes and noticed that he had been bleeding. He was like what's going on? I didn't even notice that. So he took a needle and jabbed himself and sure enough he couldn't feel it and he had leprosy. You lose feeling in your limbs. You lose feeling. You can't sense feeling anymore. And so if there's spiritual leprosy, which brother Bam talks about it, it's a loss of feeling. It's a loss of sensation, spiritual apathy, as we mentioned a moment. It's a lack of interest, no more enthusiasm, no more concern. And again, I'm not berating you. I'm not I'm not judging you. And I'm not being harsh about, oh, how could you become spiritually apathetic? I'm wanting to acknowledge we go through things that are so hard and difficult that the only way we know to deal with IT IS JUST TO SHUT DOWN. And in shutting down, WE BECOME APATHETIC. NOT BECAUSE WE DON'T LOVE GOD, not because we don't love truth, not because we don't love our spouse, NOT BECAUSE WE don't love the message, not because WE DON'T LOVE CHURCH, BUT WHAT WE'VE GONE THROUGH HAS MADE us apathetic. What we've gone through has given US SPIRITUAL LEPROSY. WHAT WE'VE GONE THROUGH HAS CAUSED us to experience spiritual amnesia BECAUSE WE DON'T WANT TO FEEL THE DREAD, THE HORROR, the anxiety, and the pains that have come through the things that we've been through. And yeah, maybe you're protected from all the words and all the deeds and all the sayings and all the sermons and ALL THE EXPERIENCES THAT CAUSED YOU THE THE racing heart and ALL THE THE KNOTS IN YOUR STOMACH AND all the difficulties YOU WENT THROUGH BEFORE, BUT NOW YOU CAN'T EVEN BE impacted by the spirit of God. And you feel like you're just living in a wasteland. A wasteland, something that's spiritually, emotionally dry. You all know what dry is. But not just dry, but unsatisfying. Can you identify with any of these? Feel like I'm in a wasteland. Nothing satisfies. I don't have any joy. Everything seems dry and lukewarm and unsatisfying. There's a solution for that. Ask I want to kind of I want to turn the corner to to help you as we go through this subject. Let me just ask, has spiritual stress or personal trauma resulted in you becoming numb to the movement of God? Consider it for a moment. Again, I'm not talking to everybody and I'm not making all of you, you know, go back in your childhood. Don't you remember when your dad hit you? You all remember, right? Kind of like the classic question you can ask somebody where they just can't eat answer it right. Have you stopped beating your wife yet? If you say no, then yes or no. You say yes and either way, you're you're stuck. I don't know if it's a lawyer's trick or just a good joke or what it is, but it's just one of those things that can't answer, right? I'm not trying to trick anybody. I I I want to talk to one person. Could we all agree that if it's just for one person, it's worth it? a daughter of God or a son of God who's been trapped in a wasteland crying out for rain and crying out for something that satisfies, wanting to eat something that tastes good and wanting to feel the move of God again and thinks back the way that it used to be and now the devil's trying to tell him, "See, there's nothing to this and because it's not the way it used to be. Maybe you're not bright or maybe all these people are deceived and all these different bombardments that are taking place." Wouldn't you want God to open things up and turn their wasteland into a beautiful flowering verdant uh place? has the have these things spiritual stress or something you've gone through personally caused you to be numb to the movement of his spirit. Have we gotten to a place even as individuals where we're numb to sin? We're numb to error that that mistruths or lies are fudging a little bit. Things take place, things happen. Oh, well that's just a little white lie or it doesn't really matter. It doesn't mean, you know, and just we come up with excuses and reasons to justify things. Have we become numb TO HOW PRECIOUS THE WORD OF GOD IS? Have we become numb to sin? And doing so, have we in this numbness, this is maybe where I would say it relates to all of us. Have we become numb to the needs of others? In Matthew 25:es 42 to 43, I want to read these verses and let me recall very quickly. There's a group of people who will enter in to life on the day of judgment that white throne judgment and they'll enter in as a result of their works and it'll be said of them and we all know it when I was thirsty you gave me a drink right when I was naked you clothed me when I was in prison you visited me and and they're like well when did I do that and he says well in so much as you've done unto the least of these my brethren you've done unto me we're all familiar with that well we're familiar that the opposite's true too in verses 42 and 43 for I was hungered and you gave me no meat I was thirsty and you gave me no drink. I was a stranger and you took me not in. Naked and you clothed me not. Sick and in prison and you visited me not. So it's not just that there is something to be given to those WHO ACTUALLY DID. BUT it's a detriment to those who don't. And to some they saw a need and they felt that this needed to be met. They were moved in compassion by what somebody ELSE WAS EXPERIENCING. BUT NOW THEY'RE DESCRIBING TO PEOPLE THAT WHEN BROTHER BAM looks at this, he says, "No feeling." People with no feeling THAT YOU CAN SEE SOMEONE'S HUNGRY AND YOU DON'T WANT TO FEED THEM. YOU CAN SEE THAT THEY'RE THIRSTY, YOU DON'T WANT TO GIVE THEM A DRINK. You can see that they're a stranger, they're a visitor, or they don't know what they're doing, AND YOU DON'T MAKE THEM FEEL WELCOME OR COMFORTABLE. THEY'RE NAKED, AND YOU DON'T WANT TO CLOTHE THEM. They're sick, and you don't pray for them. THEY'RE IN PRISON, AND YOU DON'T VISIT THEM. I was reading in the as a family, we're reading the story of David AND WHEN SAUL WAS OUT TO UH UH KILL HIM AND TRYING TO KILL HIM AND DAVID time and time again was demonstrating, I'M NOT A THREAT TO YOU, SAUL. I'M NOT A THREAT TO YOU, SAUL. AND FINALLY, DAVID FINDS OUT THAT THIS KING WHO' pursued him, this wicked king that the the presence of God had left in the ANOINTING LEFT. WHEN HE FOUND OUT THAT HE HAD DIED, DAVID DIDN'T SAY YES. David didn't say he had it coming to him. David didn't say he deserved it. He said the light has gone out of Israel. And I wonder sometimes, I'm not berating you, but I wonder sometimes if we have allowed our hurts to get to a place to so bitter that if a brother died, we would rejoice in it. People who've made mistakes and rejected things AND THEY GO ON HARDSHIPS and they and they make mistakes and their lives become A WRECK AND BAD things begin to happen if we don't say, "Well, he asked for it." THINK ABOUT IT. WHAT CAUSES US TO DO THAT? WE DON'T FEEL ANYMORE. AND WE WISH JUDGMENT ON PEOPLE AND MAY THEY BURN AND I HOPE THIS HAPPENS. I HOPE THAT HAPPEN. THEY DESERVE THIS AND THEY DESERVE THAT. WE DON'T FEEL ANYMORE. WE BECOME SO HARD-HEARTED WE DON'T FEEL. AND JESUS SAYING those who feel can do things that would merit THEM ENTERING INTO LIFE. BUT THOSE WHO CAN'T FEEL ARE in danger of judgment. In other words, have we become numb to things that ought to provoke us? I'm I'm not scolding you at all. I I promise you I won't I'm not going to say that God's not if you if you sense it. Maybe some of us need to be corrected a little bit. But just trying to I I want you to feel again. I want you to consider JUST HOW HARD-HEARTED WE BECOME AND HOW BITTER WE BECOME TOWARDS PEOPLE AND SITUATIONS AND THINGS THAT WE WOULD REJOICE IF SOMETHING BAD HAPPENED. AND WE SHOULDN'T DO THAT. WE SHOULD BE LIKE DAVID THAT WHEN THE MAN WHO WANTED TO KILL HIM DIED, HE WEPT. HE GRIEVED. HE SAID, "THIS IS AN offense to Israel. ALL OF OUR ENEMIES ARE REJOICING." IF I SEE A BROTHER IN THIS MESSAGE FALL IN THE FIGHT, I SAY, "AH, WELL, HE DESERVED IT. HE DID THIS. HE DIDN'T believe in that." I SAY, "OH, GOD, THIS IS CAUSE FOR REPROACH TO THE BODY OF CHRIST. LORD, HAVE MERCY. LORD, BRING HEALING. LORD, BRING COMFORT." AND I WANT TO FEEL for people who make mistakes. I want to feel for people who are in error. I DON'T WANT TO REJOICE IF I SEE SOMEONE GOING THROUGH A BAD TIME AND THEY SAY, "OH, THEY ASKED FOR IT. THEY HAD IT COMING." OH, LORD, LET IT NOT BE SAID IN MY PRAYER LIFE. LET IT NOT BE SAID IN MY HEART. LET IT NOT COME FORTH FROM MY HEART THAT I WISH EVIL UPON ANYONE. BUT LORD, MAY I ONLY WISH TO DO GOOD ALL THE DAYS OF my life. And if we become numb, all these things are possible. What things? Oh well, to get to the place where you're numb to sin, you're numb to error, you're numb to the needs of others, you rejoice when bad things happen to other people. We need to have feeling. I want to use a couple scriptures to set to set the stage for our closing. Emotional numbness may protect you from pain, but it'll keep you from change. It may protect you from pain, but it'll keep you from change. And not only will it keep you from change, but it robs you of your rejoicing. You lose the ability to rejoice. Paul says in 1 Corinthians 12:es 25 and 26 that there should be no schism in the body but that the members should have the same care one for another the same feeling for one another and whether one member suffer all the members suffer with it but if you become numb you won't suffer with them you say well that's kind of good I'm the type of person that somebody can start sharing me a story and all of a sudden I get anxious I I just oh anybody have sympathy pains kind of the same thing emotionally. You like someone's telling you a story like, "Oh my goodness, my leg is killing me." And you you can get that kind of phantom sympathy pain. Well, the same way with someone's telling you a horrible story and they're telling me what they're going through and all of a sudden I start getting anxious like like you feel you begin to feel what they feel. And if you don't like that, you can just become numb to it and say, "Well, maybe I'm better off that when you suffer, I don't suffer." But guess what? But when all members rejoice, when one is honored, one member be honored, all the members rejoice with it. And then that's what creates this ugly side of it. You try to protect yourself so much you don't want to feel pain that when there's a honor that comes, you try to tell yourself it's not real. You start saying, "Well, that can't be the Lord." Well, they said they had really good meetings. Ah, you know, that was just fanaticism. It's probably just the devil that showed up. But someone was healed of cancer. Probably fake. You can't even rejoice anymore. Someone told me a testimony one time. Well, did you hear about that guy prayed for this person? And there there was two, it was like a a well-known worldly uh, you know, nominal Christian evangelist and some athlete who got prayed for and healed. And they go, I don't believe it. I said, what what do you not believe? That God heals things? You don't need to weigh in on it. You can say, "I believe God's a healer. I think Evander Holyfield had a hole heal in his heart by his own testimony. I'm fine believing that. That when Benny Hinn prayed for him, his heart was healed. That doesn't bring any reproach. that that's not a threat to what I believe. If that threatens what you believe, then what you believe is that God's not a healer. AND THAT'S THE THREAT THAT GOD IS ACTUALLY STILL HEALING. WE DON'T NEED TO HAVE JUDGMENTS ON YOUTH CAMPS AND MOVES OF GOD AND DISPLAYS OF GIFTS AND ALL THESE DIFFERENT MANIFESTATIONS BECAUSE THOSE THINGS ARE NO THREAT OF THE TRUTH. And that's the problem when you get in this state of you becoming numb. Not only do you are you do you not suffer when another member suffers, but then when one a member is honored, you can't rejoice with them. Because if you're not willing to suffer pain, then you can't enjoy the glory. If you're not willing to suffer with somebody else, then you can't enjoy their honor. And that may be the reason why sometimes we find it so hard to rejoice in others is because we weren't willing to enter into their pain. that when they experience the deliverance, they experience the rescue, they experience the honor, we're unable to rejoice with them because we never hurt with them. Does it make sense to one of you? Paul revisits a similar thing in 2 Corinthians chapter 7:3 after they have repented. He backs it up a little bit. I think it's around verse 5. He says a little bit more about this setting it up. He says, "Therefore, we were comforted in your comfort." Paul derived comfort in his pain and his anxiety in the fact that the Corinthians were comforted that they had repented and they had been restored. Yay. And exceedingly the more joyed we for the joy of Titus because his spirit was refreshed BY YOU ALL. PAUL REJOICED AND WAS ENCOURAGED BY THEIR REPENTANCE. PAUL WAS COMFORTED knowing that they were comforted. Paul delighted in Titus's joy because of their care. THIS IS SOMEONE WHO REGARDLESS OF WHAT HE WAS GOING THROUGH COULD ACTUALLY BE HAPPY BECAUSE SOMEBODY ELSE WAS GETTING SOMETHING GOOD. Doesn't matter what I'm going through, I am comforted. I BELIEVE THAT WHEN ONE MEMBER SUFFERS, WE ALL SUFFER. PAUL WAS SUFFERING WHEN THE CORINTHIANS CHURCH WAS IN ERROR. BUT NOW THAT THEY HAD BEEN RESTORED, PAUL SAYS, I'M COMFORTED BY THE FACT THAT YOU'VE REPENTED. I'M COMFORTED BY THE FACT THAT YOU'VE BEEN RESTORED. AND YOU KNOW WHAT? I'M EXCITED and I'm joyful because of the joy of Titus. Not my own joy because I'm happy I'm happy, but I have a joy because of the joy of Titus. Isn't that beautiful? This is this is what we miss out on when we become numb. Again, I'm not trying to correct you or scold you. I want you to start have feeling again. Maybe provide motivation to feel. So, yes, I've tried to protect myself for so long, but God's built me to serve. God's built me to be a servant. God's built me to be a prayer warrior. God's built me to be one that can care and one that can reach out and do these things. And I've allowed myself to build myself into a complex to where now I'm afraid to do all these other things because of this complex. And you want to start having feeling to motivate you to walk into the gift that God's given you. I want to have feeling again. So, I'm motivated. This emotion motivates me to begin to do the things I know that God has gifted me and called me to do. Motivate me to do what I know is God's PERFECT WILL. REGARDLESS OF WHAT THE consequences may be on this. I want to feel again in order to face the reality of these difficulties, FACE THE REALITY OF WHAT MAY take place, but yet have this motivation for the joy which is set before me. I'm willing to step out and endure the rejection, the hurt, the pain, the loss, or the the disappointments that come with service. And the message, believe thou this, he's talking about how when Mary came to Elizabeth, I could see Elizabeth sitting maybe doing some knitting and when she seen Mary coming, she threw aside the crocheting or knitting, whatever it was, and run out there and grabbed her in her arms and begin to hug her and kiss her. Says, "Well, they had feelings between them. It's something mutual uh uh between Mary a and Elizabeth that when they saw each other, there was just something that sprung up inside of them." and and and that was maybe one of the drawbacks uh uh for the introverts. We loved COVID. We put we had masks on. We couldn't shake hands. It wasn't this awkward when you go to shake a brother's hand. Does he want to hug? Does he not want to hug? I don't know what to do. And so you just kind of But with co it was just kind of like they didn't even have to know you had a frown, right? You just kind of try to use your eyebrows to signal God bless you. And but this is something that they had then there was like this instinct TO GO AND EMBRACE and to hug. He says, "Well, they had feelings. You know what's the matter with the people today? We're getting away from that. Don't feel for one another. I'd say you don't even have to be through some personal trauma. You just have to get busy. Doesn't have to be trauma, a personal heart. Doesn't have to be a terrible catastrophe in your life. Doesn't have to be some kind of emotional verbal abuse or spiritual abuse that put you in this state of being numb. It could just be life, just the grind, the demands. He says, "Well, we are getting away from that. We don't feel for one another. Why? It used to be when I was a kid, if the neighbor got sick, why we went over there and cut wood for them and help them fill the silo, cut their corn, and mom would go down and wash up the kids and get their breakfast for them when someone was sick. But now, you don't even know your neighbor's dead unless you read it in the paper. The paper. I got to explain that now. He said, "There's no feeling. You don't even know anymore until it's on Facebook. You don't even know anymore till it hits the media, social media, something said, "Oh, I didn't know that." The Bible said, "Because iniquity abound, the love of many shall wax cold." There it is. Why? When daddy would need $50, he'd go over and borrow it from the farmer friend. He'd pay him back when he had sold the crop. Why? This is an amen. Big amen here. Why? You couldn't borrow $5 now without a $50 security. [laughter] What does he relate it to? That's right. No feeling, no trust. The dark side of capitalism, greed, not altruistic anymore. You don't have a feeling for somebody. You're looking at somebody who says, "Look, I'm a hard worker. I can do this. I just need a little bit of capital to make it through this harvest season. If I get through, I got these crops and I can I can give you this security and I can do this." And they're looking at saying, they're running the numbers. Well, how many points am I going to get on the loan origination? What's the LTV? If you can't make the payment, you know, then I'll loan you 30%. You know, I'll give you a 30%. Because you're hoping that he doesn't pay then, right? You can get the land. People think scheme that way. They operate that way. Read a headline the other day that Amazon managers will intentionally fire people that they know they're going to hire people that they know they're going to fire so they can meet a turnover ratio. So, do they care what you're going through when they hire you? Are they they have a sense of feeling that you need to you have your bills paid that this needs to happen? Or are they just motivated by the fact that my numbers are going to look good and I'm going to get get the bonus? Hey, I'm not trying to scare you AND MAKE YOU REGRET THE JOB you have and think life is horrible. This is why we need pure joy. This is why we need it more than ever. Look at HOW BROTHER BRAM'S DESCRIBING THE WAY PEOPLE GET. THEY HAD NO FEELINGS. We're getting away from feeling. WE DON'T FEEL FOR ONE ANOTHER. There's no feeling for your neighbors, for your community, for the sinner, for the people around you. No feeling. He's describing the way that it used to be. He said uses a similar line of thinking in the resurrection of Lazarus. He said, "Women used to do that." Talking about Mary and Martha and Elizabeth embracing and kissing. Men used to have great fellowship, BUT THAT DIED OUT SOMEWHERE. That's right. We don't have love one for another no more. Don't have no feeling for one another no more. Why? The only way you know your neighbor's dead is when you read it in the paper anymore. That's right. Nobody don't have any feeling for one another. That's this is where you need a double negative to make the point. Nobody don't have any feeling for one another. There's no feeling. Where's the real feeling? Where's the real care? Well, down in Kentucky, we used to go and help shuck the corn and cut the wood and everything when somebody was sick. YOU DON'T KNOW NOTHING ABOUT THAT no more. Nobody knows anything about it. Brotherly love just seems to be ceasing. It's too bad. I'm not suggesting you go chop your neighbor's tree down when you hear they have the flu and just go buy them corn. But anymore, I'd say, well, th that those specifics aren't applicable unless we lived in more of an agrarian community. But what's the general not the specifics, what's the general thing? You know your neighbor enough to know one, they're sick and two, what they might need when they are. And again, my emphasis isn't that we would get to know our neighbors enough to know. I think there's got to be a lot of wisdom and prudence in the time that we're living in. I'm just talking about the lack of feeling. Because you could look at even in our own church. Do we know when another one's suffering enough to suffer with them? Do we know one another enough to be honored when another person is honored and rejoice with them? He's identifying a callousness, a slackness. And I know that many of you have suffered deeply. I know that many of you have wounds and there's scars in your emotions and in your spirits. And I say this as from the Lord. He wants to heal you. We can go forward. I wouldn't suggest that you need to get over it. But you can move forward. You don't need to move on and get over it. But you can go forward. You can go forward not worried about things being debilitating. You can go forward without not being afraid of the pain. You can go forward not being haunted by rejection. You can go forward. Why? Because you're trusting to the yourself to the care of God. Revelations chapter 2 verse two, God says, "I know thy works and thy labor and thy patience." Brother says this about the word labor. The very word labor signifies a weariness through oppression. Now, think about this. We say, "I know thy works, and I know thy labor." We say, "Oh, well, I I I'm just not able to work anymore. I'm not able to labor. I'm not able to do. I'm not able to perform. I I don't do all the things I should have done before." And this IS ACTUALLY WHAT HE'S SAYING. I know your labor. I know your weariness through oppression. I know that you were faithful at one time. I know you used to do this. I know YOU USED TO REJOICE. I KNOW THAT YOU USED TO ENJOY THIS. And I know this the way it used TO BE. BUT I'M ALSO NOW AWARE OF your numbness and your weariness through oppression. He said, God's people do not only work for him in a labor of love, but they suffer for him with joy. They're patient in bearing the yoke. So God is mindful of the oppression. God is mindful of the difficulties. If you're suffering, DON'T DON'T GET FRIED AND BE SO DESPONDENT AND CAST DOWN BECAUSE YOU'VE SUFFERED AND YOU LOOK BACK UPON YOUR LIFE. I'VE SUFFERED. I'VE SUFFERED THIS. I'VE SUFFERED THAT. AND MY WHOLE LIFE HAS BEEN SUFFERING IN LOSS AND REJECTION. AND YOU BEGIN TO LOOK AT IT. BROTHER B said, "The church that is not suffering and is not being tried, hasn't got it." He says, "Isn't of God." So the suffering is no evidence that you're not a child of God. Suffering is no evidence that you don't have what have what you need. And maybe even the devil's convinced you that it's happened because you're not worthy. When in reality, you know the opposite is true. that the church when it endured affliction and persecution and suffering, they counted themselves worthy. They saw he he thought I was worthy. If you're in a difficult time right now, it invert and say, you know what? God counted me worthy for this. I'm not going through it because I'M NOT WORTHY. I'M NOT GOING THROUGH IT BECAUSE I'M WORTHLESS AND I'M HOPELESS and I'm helpless and I can't do anything. YOU'RE GOING THROUGH IT BECAUSE YOU ARE WORTHY OF IT. BECAUSE HE KNOWS THAT YOU CAN MAKE IT THROUGH IT. HE'S NOT GOING TO PUT ON YOU MORE than you can bear. invert. Always invert. Don't let it overwhelm you to where you enter into a darkness and your heart becomes numb within you. Let me say this. I I with God's help, the very things that God that the very things that made you become numb can be used to bring you joy. Not in them being repeated, not in you justifying them, but in you facing them and overcoming them. I have a lengthy statement to read to you in closing. Follow me as we go through this. I didn't anticipate uh being this long, but I know you probably did. Don't fool yourself, brother Aaron. And the message uniting time and sign. Such a beautiful a beautiful reading here. Are you with me? It's 11:47. I think we can make it. We can make it through. I think we can do this. Not through numbness, but just owning the weariness, owning the length of it, saying, "It's been long. It's been kind of dry, but God's going to pour out something. I'm going to get my going to get my blessing." in the message uniting time and sign he says speaking of tension I was a praying about I was praying about it this morning what would you do if you didn't have tension now take tension and think stress think anxiety think pressure think being bowed down think of the sense of feeling overwhelmed there's conflict there's tension and it's tension a lot of times that causes people to disengage and there's some people when there's tension they run from it people don't like conflict they don't want an argument All of a sudden, they notice like the volume starts to raise in a room. It looks like there's going to be a fight. Boom. People are gone. They don't want confrontation. They just assume, "Let something go crazy. THINGS GO WILD. If they if you GOT A PROBLEM, YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO SOLVE IT. If your problems with me, then I'm sorry. I'm just going to get out of here." And and you don't want to face it. That's tension. And can we admit that in that context, tension a lot of times is what causes us to become numb because we don't like to feel tension. But what would you do if you didn't have it? Just think of it. Tension is part of living. That kind of encouraged me when I thought that. This is Brother Bram. Now, if you had no tension, you'd be like a ragd doll. You wouldn't have no feelings. There'd be nothing you could work on. Think of that. The tension is the signal that this is where work needs to be done. in your own jealousy, in your own frustration, in your own perception, in the relationship, the tension is a signal God wants to work here. And if we become numb to it, whatever it is in us that's a weakness, whatever it is in us that God's WANTING TO CHANGE, WHATEVER IT IS ABOUT US THAT HAS caused us to be perpetuate these cycles, God said, "I'm wanting to deal with it. I'm wanting to deal with it." But whenever we get tense, we run away from it. And what I'm saying to you this time IS IF THERE'S TENSION, DON'T BE SO QUICK to numb up and RUN AWAY. ASK YOURSELF, WHY IS IT I'M STARTING TO BE uncomfortable with this? There'd be nothing you could work on, which is about growth, maturity, change. If there wasn't tension, there'd be nothing to work with, nothing to work on. And then the next paragraph, this is kind of reading this together. And the way that he uses this, I thought it was wonderful because I kept reading it over and over and again say trying to make complete sense out of it and I realized he's referring to something and he's not able just to come right out and say it. And it could have been just the way the word could discern situations. But what I want you to take away from this is even though he doesn't get specific, he's talking about a husband and wife coming into conflict in tension and how that and I know that I'm trying to summarize it when I could just read it to you. how that if the husband and wife will work out the tension, the beauty that results from it is so awesome. But if they just through their tens and just turn away from each other, they're just going to get further apart. So they want to avoid this dealing with this issue that could actually bring them closer together. And in just becoming numb to it, you walk away. And I've expressed this to my wife before with things that I've gone through in my life, whether it be as a as a child growing up and things in school, uh, and things in college and you just name it. And then even as a Christian, as a minister, and the experience I've gone, I I I have I I have a a very robust defense mechanism that can just shut down, get callous, put my head down, work, get through, and I'll make it and not have to worry about everything else. And I realized that's a weakness, not a strength because I'll never I you'll never nothing will ever change. Nothing will ever get better. So it's like a husband and wife maybe if she wants to do something and they're trying to work together. He says especially Christians. Come on somebody. And the other one wants it's a fragment. And then the and then when you come together and find out what she's done, she finds out Huh. What? What you saying, brother Bram? Just tell me. Just tell me what what what are you trying to say? WELL, HE'S TALKING ABOUT SOMETHING. SO, let's just put ourselves in here that she wants to do something. You're trying to work it together. You're Christians. The other one wants this. Then, when you come together and you find out what she's done, she finds out whatever it might be. Fill in the fragments. Complete the sentences. See that? But he says the tension really brings you closer together when you come together AND FIND THINGS OUT AND DISCOVER things and work through things. It really brings you closer TOGETHER AND SOMEONE TELLS YOU WELL said well just think of that little wife that went under a lot of tension when you wasn't so good or the husband went under some tension when you wasn't so good. Then when it's all forgiven look how you feel about him. My you just see you've got to have tension. That's all. It really struck me. I don't know how you feel. Go ahead and answer it and tell them it really struck you, too. Is someone streaming wanting to call in an amen because it was so quiet. They're feeling bad for me. Like, oh, that was really awesome. Let me just call in and give an amen. No, I was waiting for the to put it on speaker. This is so beautiful in just a few sentences that really seem to convey some incomplete thoughts. We can all ENTER INTO IT WITH OUR OWN situation that when people are Christians and they love one another and a difficulty comes up, IF YOU RUN AWAY AND DON'T ADDRESS IT, IF YOU ALWAYS SEPARATE, IF YOU ALWAYS BURY IT, IF YOU NEVER NEVER RESOLVE IT, THEN YOU'RE ACTUALLY ULTIMATELY MISSING OUT ON RESOLVING TENSION THAT BRINGS YOU CLOSER TOGETHER. SAYS, "OH, IT MAKES ME LOVE YOU MORE WHEN ALL IS FORGIVEN. LOOK HOW YOU FEEL NOW. AND IT'S THE TENSION THAT BROUGHT OUT A DEEPER AND GREATER LOVE. HE SAID, "THAT'S all the tension did it. This is inversion. This is inverted. Oh, THIS IS HARD. THIS IS ROUGH. THIS IS GOING TO THIS IS GOING TO RUIN US. NO, IT'S GOING TO MAKE US BETTER. WE'RE GOING TO GET THROUGH THIS." Then he says this, this is continuing just straight on through. He goes, "And just think of feelings. What if you didn't have any feelings, no pains or nothing? What if there'd be no pain at all? You'd have no feelings at all. If you had no feeling, then one of your senses would be gone. See? So, see, everything's just right anyhow. What is when you hurt? When you feel, see that everything's all right. So, God just give us grace to stand up to it. That's the thing. Now, notice the language. If you had no feeling, there's nothing standing up. There's nothing there. You don't feel it. I'm just dead to it. And I do I do believe just to throw a qualifying, there's some things we just need to die to. But we can get in such a practice of dying out to things that when something really matters, we just get dead to it instead of trying to figure it out. What go what is God doing? Why is this an issue? Why is this happening? So his his attitude is so God just give us grace to stand up to it, not run away from it, not become dead to it. That's the thing. If I just stand up with that grace and stand there and say, "We know that when this life is over, the great ones on the other side what we're looking to go to." If there's feelings, you want by the grace of God to stand up to it. He continues, "Some people tries to introduce Christianity that you're free from worry. No, you're not. You're free from tension. Oh, no. You add tension when YOU BECOME A CHRISTIAN. ALL RIGHT, there you go. Much better. You add tension when you become A CHRISTIAN. DO YOU NOT THINK THE TENSION WOULD GET GREATER THE FURTHER and deeper you go in Christ? Because there's something against you. He says BECAUSE YOU WAS KIND OF A SLOP GO HAPPY GOLUCKY whatever it was out there, not caring what you did. But when you become a real Christian, every moment you're wondering, am I pleasing the Lord? If I could hear from him, it puts you on attention, puts you on guard. THAT'S WHAT MAKES YOU WHAT YOU ARE. SO, AFTER ALL, TENSION IS A BLESSING. There's so much more God could communicate to you through this than what I'm conveying because I'm talking about feeling again. And we've gotten so used to denying the tension and the stress that we've made we we've run away from it. But now, I'm wanting you to feel again. Become uncomfortable with your numbness. start to feel again. Say, Lord, if there's tension, there's got to be beauty on the other side of it. Then there's something in this, Lord. We're going to we're going to stand up to it by the grace of God. We're not going to lean into it and accept it what it's speaking about. We're not going to take it for what it's trying TO SAY, BUT I'M NOT GOING TO RUN AWAY FROM IT this time. And I'm going to STAND UP TO IT BY THE GRACE OF GOD AND KNOW THAT this tension is going to be a blessing. IT'S JUST THE WAY YOU'RE LOOKING at it. Invert. It's just the way you're looking at it. He says it twice. IT'S YOU JUST LOOK THE OTHER SIDE. NO MATTER HOW THIN YOU SLICE ANYTHING, YOU STILL GOT TWO SIDES TO IT. YOU SEE, YOU WANT TO SEE BOTH SIDES. SO, WE COULD JUST TAKE IT. THIS TRIAL IS GOING TO TURN INTO A BLESSING. THE ON THE OTHER SIDE OF IT, JUST FLIP IT AROUND. IT'S GOT TO BE THERE. THIS TENSION IS GOING TO BECOME a blessing. THIS PRESSURE IS GOING TO BECOME A A BLESSING. EVERYTHING YOU'RE FACING JUST INVERTED. TURN IT AROUND. IT CANNOT WORK OUT ANY OTHER WAY THAN GOOD. And we wouldn't have it without the tension. Some people say Christianity is free from tension or worry. Oh no. Uh-uh. You add it when you become one. Does that mean our lives become tense and forboding? No. No. We're just letting something keep us from running into the garden of the fruits of the spirit. And maybe that's the maybe that's where most of us find us ourselves, the fruits of the flesh and all the sinful activities that are listed there in Galatians. We haven't run into that, but we're not enjoying the fruits of the spirit. We're just numb right in between. Loving God enough to know I can never go back to that, but complex enough to where you can't enjoy the outcome and the product of walking in the spirit. So he says, 'What is tension? What's this tension? If I could have been born without this tension, this blessed me so much because here just recently I even made the comment, I wish I could live my life over again uh with with uh being free from these anxieties and cares that I was plagued with. He says, if I could have been born without this tension, well, if I wouldn't have had this tension, I wouldn't have been what I am. I wouldn't have been a Christian. Perhaps it was this tension that drove me to Jesus Christ. So it's been a blessing thing to me. So then as Paul said as though when we had attention or something or another, I had consulted the Lord to take it away from thee three times. The Lord said, "Paul, my grace is sufficient." He said, "Then I'll glory in my infirmities. Then when I'm weak, I'm strong. And as long as it's to do the will of God, all right." Now, I consulted him one time when it used to bother me so bad, his tension. It scared me. And he told me about eight or 10 years ago, he said, "Now listen, this is where if you become numb to the fear, that's one thing. But if you ask God to take it away, that's another. But notice where God puts him. It'll never scare you again." And it never has, did it? He didn't say the tension was gone. It just didn't scare him. Isn't that why we become numb? You may never you never may you may not be able to change what has been or what is, but it's what it does to you. And God says, "I don't need to change anything. I can just change what it does to you. It'll never scare you again. It never has did it." No, sir. Don't worry about it. I just feel it, but I know it's there. But I just go on because it don't scare me no more. So thankful for that. NOW, HE COULD HAVE SAID, "IT won't be no more just as well as that, you won't be scared no more." You pondering this? Are you catching this? He said he could have said, "It won't be there anymore just as well AS IT WON'T SCARE YOU ANYMORE. SO, IT'S HIS WILL THAT IT HAPPENED. SO, I JUST EMBRACE IT AND SAY, "THANK YOU, LORD. [screaming] I'LL WALK THAT WAY. I'LL JUST EMBRACE IT. SAY, "THANK YOU, LORD." IF HE CHOOSES NOT TO TAKE IT AWAY, THEN WE COULD STAND UP TO IT BY THE GRACE OF GOD AND NOT LET IT SCARE US ANYMORE. I don't need to LIVE MY WHOLE LIFE AFRAID I'M GOING TO RUN INTO THIS AT THE GROCERY STORE. I DON'T NEED TO LIVE MY WHOLE LIFE AFRAID THAT IT'S GOING TO COME BACK AGAIN. WELL, WHAT IF IT COMES BACK AGAIN? WHAT IF THIS HAPPENS AGAIN? WHAT IF THIS SWELLS UP? WHAT IF THIS BREAKS UP? WHAT IF THIS HAPPENS? WHAT IF THIS HAPPENS? NO. YOU CAN'T CONTROL THE THINGS THAT CAN HAPPEN. BUT YOU CAN YIELD YOUR HEART TO GOD THAT SAYS IF IT HAPPENS, IT WON'T SCARE YOU ANYMORE. And brother Brown's basically saying it could have been one or the other, but it's the same result. He could have said just as well as he said the other. So I just embrace it. That's why I could say with with the caution of the Holy Ghost and the balance of the word of God, God, give me my feeling back. Don't let me shut down when I start getting anxious. Don't let me shut down when I get overwhelmed. Lord, let me let me stand up to it and not be afraid of it. and even ask myself, what is this pain trying to teach me? When I feel this, is it because I've offended somebody else? When I feel this, is it because the spirit is grieved? When I feel this, is this because God's trying to signal to me it's time for change? What is the pain trying to teach me? How is this tension trying to lead me? I want to close with a statement from God has provided a way. Sister Elizabeth, you comment like to really drive this home. It's a little bit different uh than maybe the channel that we've been on, but it speaks to where we can we can we can rise from here and just put ourselves in that channel of faith and say, "Lord, whatever it is, I'm I'm I'm going to I'm going to yield myself to your glory. I'm going to yield myself to your leading. I'm going to yield. Thank you, brother. I I'm going to yield myself. I'm going to learn from this pain. It's not your enemy. God uses it. Brother says in a message, God's provided a way. He said, "Now, this is the last night of the service. I want each one of you to give me your undivided attention." And listen, close now. We're trying to go in on for the greatest victory of the meeting. Now, quickly, we have to do this quickly because it's [music] in the we're in the afternoon. The greatest battle ever fought is raging right now. And some of us are more in tune to it now than we've ever been our whole lives. And we recognize [music] this great battle that's raging within our minds is we were taught and foreworned ahead of time. [music] And we've gotten great comfort from knowing that. We go back and look at greatest battle ever fought. It's in the mind. That gives us comfort knowing [music] that's exactly where I'm fighting. I believe the word. My soul is sealed, but I have such terrible mind battles. Now, he's using this example how that he's had a series of meetings and now it's the last night of the meet. It's the climax. It's the culmination. It's the ending of the meetings. And so now he's going in for the greatest victory of it. Why? Because it just keeps [music] getting goodter and goodter and it's going to crescendo. It's going to climax. It's going to end with the great because this is the last night. Usually there's more people healed on the last night [music] than there is in the rest of the meeting. Their great anticipation. Think about where we are as the bride in this greatest [music] battle ever fought. We're nearing the end of this battle. We're nearing the end to where we are translated. All these meetings are going to climax and culminate till one day WE HAVE OUR LAST ONE. So if this happens in a meeting in 1954, then think about what's been building through the ages. Think about what's been building IN THE CHURCH AND NOW INTO THIS BRIDE AGE. HOW THAT THIS THAT OUR BRIDE THAT AS A BRIDE, OUR ANTICIPATION should be getting greater and greater. So he says, "Satan fights harder." I hope you can run it on that parallel track of where we are today as believers. Not just in this meeting, but in a parallel track as believers. Everything goes wrong seemingly because Satan's trying to keep that people in tension and everything so that [music] he can keep them away from this great time of strain that we're now entering into the strain. And what is it? for the great, as we would say, going in for the kill. Now, [music] that's what we're doing. We're going in for the kill. What are you killing? The influence of death, the sting of death, the power of death. We're going in for the kill. We're going in for a translation. We're going to put death under our feet. We're going in for the kill. So, WHAT IS SATAN DOING? SATAN'S FIGHTING HARDER THAN HE EVER HAS. EVERYTHING SEEMS LIKE IT'S GOING WRONG. HE'S TRYING TO PUT US IN TENSION. AND BROTHER RAM TELLS US LATER ON, TENSION IS A BLESSING. DON'T RUN FROM IT. WHY IS THERE TENSION? IT'S THE DEVIL FIGHTING AGAINST THE GREAT CLIMAX. Because we're going IN FOR THE KILL. AND THEN I LOVE THIS. Imagine this. This is your vanquished foe today. HE'S ALREADY BEAT UP IN the corner. He's been exposed and ALL OF HIS DEVICES are exposed. And men and women have accepted Jesus CHRIST AS THEIR SAVIOR. [music] PEOPLE WITH CANCER and tumors have everything else HAVE BEEN HEALED. DOCTOR STATEMENTS proven that it's true. Listen, this is the history. This is our This is our testimony. This is WHERE WE STAND TODAY. WE KNOW WE'VE BEEN SEALED. WE KNOW GOD'S A HEALER. WE KNOW THIS WORD IS TRUE. AND OUR VANQUISHED FOE IS TRYING TO BRAG, TRYING TO BLUFF, TRYING TO FIGHT OUR VERY heart against this. And notice he says this. Now, here sets a group of people here tonight waiting under great anticipation. And Satan, if he can interrupt your mind, that's all he has to do. shut it down, turn it off, cover you up, overwhelm you, disappoint you, just interrupt your mind. THAT'S ALL HE has to do. This beat up, bloodied, vanquished foe who he says is beaten up and sitting over in a corner who's been exposed. [music] All he's got to, all he can do anymore is just play mind games with you and try to pretend he's coming after you. Don't let him do it. He says, "But let's go in now for the great kill just now [music] to drive Satan and all of his powers plum out of the building that God can have the right away and heal every sick person for the glory of God." You're not going to get You're not going to get there by saying there is no devil. You're not going to get there by saying there is [music] no tension against my anticipation. You're not going to get there unless you begin to recognize the pressure is because of [music] where I'm going. The pressure is because of what I'm CALLED TO. OH GOD, DON'T LET IT SHUT ME DOWN AGAIN. I I'll I'll speak as a brother to you that I know the weight and the feeling OF BEING OVERWHELMED TO THE POINT WHERE YOU JUST FEEL SHELL SHOCKED AND YOU JUST SIT THERE almost seemingly as a scripture WORD BE JUST SHOCKED AND DESOLATE, unable to move, unable to act, unable to do the things you know THAT YOU WOULD ENJOY AND THE THINGS THAT WOULD BE A BLESSING. AND AND YOU'RE TRYING to flee from these things [music] AND THESE PAINS THAT BOTHER YOU. AND YOU GET TO A SPOT WHERE YOU'RE NUMBED BY IT AND YOU CAN'T BE MOVED by someone else's feelings. You can't be moved by what someone ELSE IS GOING THROUGH. BUT THANK GOD WHEN ALL OF A SUDDEN HE PULLS SOMETHING BACK just a little bit and YOU BEGIN TO FEEL AGAIN. AND NOW I WANT TO STAND UP BY THE GRACE OF GOD AGAINST THE TENSION AND SAY, "HIS GRACE IS GREATER. His grace is greater than this. And by his grace, I can stand up to it. BY HIS GRACE, HE'LL take me through it. AND I KNOW I KNOW THOUGH I MAY DREAD THESE FEELINGS THAT ARE COMING. GOD HAS TAKEN ME BY THE HAND AND SAID TOGETHER AARON WE'LL MAKE IT. SAY YES LORD I'LL FOLLOW YOU. I'LL JUST EMBRACE AND SAY THANK YOU LORD I'LL WALK THAT WAY. Oh God give us feeling again as a congregation. I know we're very new coming together but we bring with us our past and OUR SCARS AND OUR PRIOR EXPERIENCES. And I don't want there to BE ANY SUSPICION. I DON'T WANT THERE TO BE ANY COMPLEXES. I DON'T WANT THERE TO be any calluses. I don't want there TO BE ANY DISTANCE. OH GOD, HELP US TO BEGIN to heal and to grow. AND IF IT MEANS I'VE GOT TO FEEL AGAIN AND PUT MYSELF IN POSITION TO BE HURT AGAIN, GOD, I'M WILLING TO DO IT FOR THE PURPOSE OF DESTINY. I'm willing to trust not [music] man but you, Lord. Even though men have hurt me and things have happened, I'm going to trust you because you've got a plan. You've got a purpose. And this time, I'm going to keep my eyes on you. I'm going to follow you. And I know I know you'll heal me. Let's stand to [music] our feet. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. It's been a [music] lengthy service, kind of drawn out and a lot of emphasis in different places. If we could just bring it to this this part right [music] here, it's personal between you and the Lord. If he's spoken to you in a personal way, then just embrace how he's speaking to you. and let's let's get away from our fear. Ask God to help us with our hurts. Don't be afraid that God would ask you to do something that's not [music] going to be good for you. Don't be afraid that God would subject you to pain that'll leave you broken. But sometimes if we want to have what God's asking, we're asking God for, we actually have [music] to work through something in our own hearts to be in a position to receive it. Just ask God to give [music] you grace today. Ask God to help you. Our gracious heavenly father, it seems so hard to close with such a vast subject open up before us speaking about emotional things and feelings of numbness and hurt, brokenness. [music] I trust Lord that you're dealing with the individual's hearts today. in a very special way, in [music] a very sovereign way. I trust it's a very personal way because I recognize Lord that as I minister there's a there's a boundaries on each side. There's a ditch as it were on each side that I want to be very careful circumspect in how I walk this path. So Lord, I [music] pray that you take these things which have been shared and personally reveal it to these individuals that are here. L Lord, I do not believe that any one of us should take a complex and pet it and baby it and own it as our identity. And certainly, Lord, we should not let that complex become [music] our master. But Lord, if you never heal it, perhaps there's a [music] way you want to use it. Perhaps there's a tension that'll always exist and then we can look at it the right way. We'll recognize that it's a blessing. And Lord, as we've run from [music] stress and pressures and anxieties and as we've just maintained the status quo and we've just gone through the the motions and we've just knuckled down and just kept doing what we've always been doing because we were afraid of [music] change, maybe we take a deep breath and say, "Lord, if you're calling me, if you're leading me, Lord, I'll embrace [music] where you're taking me." And if if we begin to feel tension, ask ourselves [music] why. Why? Is it because I need to change or because God's changing my situation? Lord, why? Why do I feel this? What are you doing? And Lord, once we begin to feel again, I believe you can change us and you can help us to change others. It's amazing, Lord, how sometimes someone else's complexes and [music] fears and worries and failures are projected onto us and we begin to feel like we're wrong and we're misled and we're not getting what we need. And it's because it's being projected on us. And if by the courage of the word of God and faith, we [music] could stand up to that tension, maybe God could let us help that person who's wrestling to overcome their pressure, overcome their [music] dissonance, overcome their disappointments, and we can begin to feel again for others. That's our desire as a church, Lord, is to do your will to live for others. So heal us, Lord, so we can be in your service. Bless your people. Hearts have been lifted up to you and the soberness of the moment. I believe that you're dealing with people's hearts and I ask that you'd heal them. Precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. [music]
