################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-03-20 - I AM An Open Book Pt. 2 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2022-03-20
Title:    I AM: An Open Book Pt. 2
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 15m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XxTtn71xQzw
========================================

Description:
I AM: An Open Book Pt. 2 
Sunday Service: March 20, 2022
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Luke chapter 24. We're going to begin with verse 13 and read to verse 35. This is following the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Uh some of your Bibles may note it as the road to Emmas or the Emmas road experience where two disciples who are grieving the tragic death of Christ and um not and very discouraged. Brother Ram does a tremendous job of uh dramatizing uh how tore up and sad they were and he talked about how so tore up and sad uh that they missed the very prophecies being fulfilled around them. So, it's a very striking um story that is so applicable to the day and time that we're living in that there's so many things that transpire. Um even the criticisms and the uh difficulties that we face and some of the dispersions and lies that are told about the message of the hour. We can get so discouraged by all the negativity that we fail to see prophecy being fulfilled. Luke 24:13. And behold, two of them went that same day to the village called Emmas, which was from Jerusalem, about three score furongs. And they talked together of all these things which had happened. And it came to pass while they communed together and reasoned, Jesus himself drew near and went with them. But their eyes were holden that they should not know him. And he said unto them, "What manner of communications are these that you have one to another as you walk and are sad?" One of them whose name was Cleopus answering said unto him, "Art thou only a stranger in Jerusalem, and hast not known the things which are come to pass there in these days?" And he said unto them, "What things?" And they said unto him, "Concerning Jesus of Nazareth, which was a prophet, mighty indeed in word before God and all the people, and how the chief priest and our rulers delivered him to be condemned to death, and have crucified him." But we trusted that it had been he which should have redeemed Israel. Beside all this, today is the third day since these things were done. Yay. And certain women also of our company made us astonished which were early at the supplicer. Just notice what what they're saying. It's been three days and on the third day some women went to the tomb and it was empty and they're they're sad but it was exactly what he had said he would do. So it's just remarkable. And when they found not his body, they came saying that they had also seen a vision of angels which said that he was alive. And certain of them which were with us went to the supplr and found it even as so the woman had said but him they saw not and they're still sad. Right? So he says then he said unto them, "Oh fools and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken. Ought not Christ to have suffered these things and to enter into his glory? And beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he expounded unto them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself." And they drew nigh unto the village whether they went. And he made as though he would have gone further. But they constrained him, saying, "Abide with us, for it is toward evening, and the day is far spent, and he went in to terry with them." And it came to pass as he sat at meat with them, he took bread and blessed it, break, and gave to them. And their eyes were opened, and they knew him, and he vanished out of their sight. They said one to another, "Did not our heart burn within us while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the scriptures?" And they rose up the same hour and returned to Jerusalem and found the 11 gathered together and them that were with them saying, "The Lord is risen indeed and hath appeared to Simon. And they told what things were done in the way and how he was known of them in breaking of bread." Amen. You can be seated. Our subject is I am an open book. the I pondering maybe just a a a subtitle to give some context to what we're speaking on. And I would say that if if I was to have to give it another annotation, it would be about I just want to emphasize a manifested reality, but it's still the I am an open book. So the I am is an open book. and two statements that we read at the end of service last time is where I want to jump in and begin um to kind of enter them into the record and for us to ponder them. Brother Brandaman's souls that are in prison now. He says when these seven seals was opened that opened up the entire Bible. So the seven seals open up the Bible opens up. That means seven seals were closed. Sealed up the Bible in some to some degree had to also be sealed up and closed. He said the seven seals. It was sealed with seven mysteries and in these seven seals held the entire mystery of it. He says and it was the book of redemption. He says new testament not the old. It only proclaimed for the new testament. Now that's him I believe kind of zeroing in on how the seals that opened up and opened up the bible are specifically relating to things and prophecies in the New Testament. And that to whatever degree the Bible became a new book. It wasn't that the entire Old Testament was sealed up, but there were these seven seals in the New Testament, specifically referenced there in the book of Revelation, that pertain to events that unfolded in the New Testament church, the church that is born under this New Testament. And he's wanting us to recognize that these seven seals opened up the book of redemption. The New Testament becomes opened up. It becomes new. And in doing so, the whole Bible becomes a new book because the old and the new work together. Now, that's brother Brandham's statement. Now, what whe what whatever that means to you or how the Lord quickens that to you, it's very important that you have your own personal revelation of these things. And and I believe that God desires that each one of us would come into the unity of the faith and a continuity in terms of our understanding. I I I believe that if we're as believers, if we're looking at a mountain from different sides, you may describe it one way. I may describe it another way but if we keep traveling up that mountain we'll meet at the top and we can have a similar view. Now in the message God's power to transform he says it this way but since the opening of those seven seals and of them angels just behind the mountain yonder this referring to the Bible has become a new book. And there's other statements we could read to where brother Bram's talking about the seals being opened and all seven seals being opened uh to and everything ready to those who can receive it. And I and I believe it's very important to know that brother M taught those things. And then there's other ways that he can identify the book being opened and kind of the implication it has to the Bible and even the book of redemption being the Bible and Christ being the written word and the opening of the seals being a revelation of Jesus Christ. A lot of statements we could use uh um to substantiate this thought, but these two to me set forth this thought that the seals opened and it opened up the entire Bible, the book of redemption, proclaiming it for the New Testament. Seven seals are opened and since then the Bible's become a new book. And it would be important to understand what that means in terms of what happened to make the Bible a new book. But more importantly, if we are to accept this and receive this, kind of the question I asked at the end of service is what are the consequences of this? If the seven seals are open and the Bible's become a new book, what are the ramifications? And uh what is this what are the implications? What ought to I uh be learning and receiving and what ought that mean to me in my life? And what is the what is the outcome look like if these things have transpired? And personally, we could uh those of believers uh we spend we appropriately spend a lot of time pouring into the word of God to understand the things that brother Brandham taught. We're listening to his voice and we're picking up on these deep truths a and we believe them. And I believe that the next step then is is to understand that if that's the truth, then what's the consequence for me? How does that put me into action? How how am I moved to behave differently? and and the revelation of the word in to this degree, how then ought to to be reflected out in my life. And so there's a lot of things that I have burning in my heart that form the inspiration of this thought. I am an open book. Uh I'll just I'll just say it now. Maybe the first time I ever mentioned it, you thought I was saying that I'm an open book, right? But then we're looking at it. The I am he's an open book. There's something about him that's been unveiled to us. But the consequence and so I'm just giving it all away. You know where I'm going. So, if you just want to you want to go on vacation for the next few services cuz you feel like you know where I'm going, that's fine. But you're an open book, too. At least you ought to be. And so, there's this is the truth that we're looking at. Now, we referenced in Exodus 3:14. I don't have the scripture there before you. I just want to reference the phrase, I am that I am. God said, you tell the children of Israel. He's telling Moses that the I am hath sent me unto you. The I am that I am. This is God himself. this he is declaring himself to be eternal. He's declaring de declaring himself to be the self-existing one who is and will become what he is. He cannot become something he's not. So he he there's a was to God and there is a will be to God but he is. And this is the way that we ought to worship him. Not in what he was or what he will be but in what he is. That's why he declares himself to be the I am. A and to recognize then that if he was something, he is today the same and he will be. So we don't get caught up worshiping what was. Nor do we get caught up just looking forward to what will be. But we use what was to identify him in the I am. And then once you see him in the I am, you can catch him in the will be because he will be what he is. And that's what the word of God is declaring. He's past, present, and future. He is the absolute one. He is indivisible. He is incomparable. uh he's this being who's the ultimate cause of all existence. And this is how the Jews took uh who God was. He's this indivisible, undividable, uh absolute one. Nothing can be compared to him. And he's the the creator of everything. They viewed him as uh this is what is meant in this language of the I am and an open book. We looked at it in this sense and a lot of this is just review here at the outset. it's a person or thing that is easily or thoroughly understood or easily or thoroughly interpreted. And and I last night, very late last night, I just took maybe a whole page of my notes and just uh and did cut paste to to leave them out and save them for another time just maybe in the sense of not being too long today or too heavy. But a scripture I wanted to get to is how the word of God is of no private interpretation. And so the interpreting is an opening up. It's a loosening. It's an unveiling. And so to be an open book of a person, that person is an open book. They're easy to understand. You don't have to guess how they're feeling. And it's not to say that maybe they're always wearing their emotions on their sleeve, but when you deal with them, you know who you know what you're getting. You don't have to worry about pretense covering up something else. So somebody uh to be an open book, it's something or someone that is easily examined or understood. Uh we all love open book tests, right? in college or school, homeschool, uh different things, a open book test. We love that. And isn't it wonderful that in the last age when we're in the greatest battle ever fought in the most difficult test there's ever been, God's given us an open book test. Beautiful, isn't it? It's wonderful. And so there's uh these are some of the ideas of what an open book is. So you take the reverse of that. Remember invert always invert. A closed book was be someone or something that is difficult to know or understand. That's what a closed book would be. someone or something that is hard to know or hard to understand. To be a closed book, it speaks of a a secret or a mystery, something that is a puzzle. And it's an illusion to information that one either can't obtain or comprehend. In this Bible, it says uh the vision of all has become as a sealed book and the learned can't read it because it's sealed and the unlearned can't read it because it's information. The understanding cannot be obtained. It's not easily grasped or comprehended. And we use different scriptures to emphasize that concept. Now in 1 Corinthians chapter 13:12, I wanted to uh look at this again. It says, "Now we see through a glass darkly. The glass being an imperfect mirror, polished metal that could give you some sense of reflection, but Paul is acknowledging that this glass uh leaves something to be desired in what it reflects. And so darkly means it's in enigma, in a puzzle, something that's mysterious and puzzling, difficult to understand, or something that has become obscured. Even a part of itself, the mirror itself has a characteristic that kind of muddies up the reflection. And so he's saying, we're seeing through a glass darkly. We're seeing in an enigma. And we know we're looking at Christ. We know we're looking at God. We know we're looking at his word, but it's not all clearly understood. It's not easily grasped. And there's still we know there's a clear image that can be reflected. He says, "But then face to face." So for now I know in part is the partial reflection in the glass, the enigma, the puzzle. But then shall I know even also as I am known is the dynamic of being face to face with open face with clarity. Something recognized distinctly. Paul is saying it in the way to tell us that it's in the removing of the mystery. Whatever was partial, whatever was obscure, the enigma, the puzzle has been solved. That's what he means when he says face to face. So the I am an open book. We're looking at the I am who is mysterious. The I am who is invisible. The I am who declare is declared to be a God who hides himself. A God who is man has not seen at any time. Uh the one that fills all time and space. And let's just all be honest. When we really try to sit and think about eternity, there's a point where all of a sudden there's there's a little bit of a fear that pops in, right? Because you can't get your head around it. Uh you start thinking about eternity and there's a part of you that all of a sudden can kind of hiccup and interrupt in our carnal mind because that's the God that we can't truly grasp and man cannot know him I with his carnal faculties. Now that I am, we want to look at his expression in Christ. And as all the songs have lifted up and oriented us today, I feel that there's just so much momentum to carry on in this. In John 8:58, Jesus said unto them, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, before Abraham was, I am." Not I was, but I am. And he says this to intentionally and purposely identify himself with the I am that I am the Jehovah, the Elohim, the the God that the Jews believed in and the one that he is making to be his father. Jesus Christ now is so linking himself to God the father that he says I am. In other words, I am the manifestation of the I am. That was a sealed secret. That was a hidden mystery that has been an enigma even to the children of Israel even though they believed him and they believed God to be present and God to be mindful and a God to be amongst his people. I I want to touch on this here in a little bit and I'm just trying to remember exactly where it might fall. But this God who had so evidently declared himself among Israel with signs and wonders and prophets, he had become obscured through their traditions. And so remember that it wasn't it wasn't like Jesus showed up right on the heels of Malachi or showed up right on the heels of a of King David or right on the heels of an Exodus with Moses saying that God's going to raise up a prophet like unto me and the next thing you know the Messiah shows up to help him drive out all the Hittites and Amorites and all the other itesites out there and they're like this is our Messiah. The promise is fulfilled. There had been this long drawn out protracted up and down battle and falling away of Israel over many many uh years. And brother Benham says in the message question and answers or just in the in the sermon uh the service question and answers part three he said before Abraham was I am. He, speaking of Christ, was the I am. And all the titles and names that ever belong to God was made one human name, the Lord Jesus Christ. What a beautiful revelation. Now, I believe that we're all kind of that gets us all on the same page now. And I want to begin to focus on a very important principle. And the first part was a foundation for this. This part is foundational to the overall thought, but this is a very important principle that we're looking at the nature of God and how he makes himself known. And God is transcendent. Uh it's beyond our human grasping. It it transcends our human experience. It's not something uh that's easily understood by our experience. So God is transcendent and he's hidden. He's invisible. He's unseen. But as we mentioned a moment ago, he's still personal. He's present. He's involved. He's not a god way off in the distance. As as pointed out, I believe the first time I'd ever heard it kind of the remark was brother Paul Fontaine uh back in the 90s was taking a service at Louisiana Youth Camp on music and there was a song that was very very popular at the time that God is watching us and the tagline is from a distance and a real nice melody to it. Don't go searching it. Don't say hey Spotify uh you know play me the song. But uh it it had this engaging melody, but the tag is from a distance. In other words, it sold this lie in there to create this beautiful melody of a God who's wonderful, but yet he's distant. He's far off and he's not involved. Kind of arms folded and and but this is we have a God that is present and involved. And God identified himself with in history and was and so think about it. He was the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. He was the god of Israel. This was a distinct deity from all other deities. Uh there there was not there was the god that was served and worshiped by Israel and those may be closely related was vastly different than the god of the reprobates and the heathens and the god that the deities worshiped around the world. So think of how unique it was that God would come down and identify himself with one man, Abraham, and then his offspring after him. So that the one true God, the only real eternal one is only identified with a specific class of people. And and it's not that the heathen took umbrage to that. They just said, "Well, your god's a god of the mountains, so if we could just get you in the valley, we our gods could beat you." What difference? What kindness from the heathens, right? That you got your god. He's great and he's mighty, but we got our God, too. He's great and mighty. We just need to get on the right kind of ground to beat you. But this is the one true God identified with Israel and he was present with Israel. And the I am now is uh expressing himself and manifested himself to the Jews through Jesus Christ. This God who was declared and known by Abraham, known by Isaac, known by Jacob personally face to faith are these uh visions and these dreams and the speaking to them. He declared himself and revealed himself to them and then identified himself with the children of Israel. Now this God is manifested in his son Jesus Christ. What what I want you to think about is this concept and this is what we're going to be amplifying is he be he was opened up to Israel and that this hidden mystery was manifested through Christ to Israel. John 5:es 37-39 we'll just read to verse 38 here at the outset. And the father himself which has sent me Christ speaking hath borne witness of me. You've neither heard his voice at any time nor seen his shape and you have not his word abiding in you. For whom he hath sent him ye believe not. We ended the service. This is what we're focusing on at the end of last Sunday. And I want to spend more time looking at this passage of scripture. Says the father hath borne witness of me. He is the one that hath sent me. And he says so then Christ could be is speaking of himself even when he says for whom he hath sent him you have not believed. So the father hath sent me. You don't believe me. Therefore, you have not his word abiding in you or some something in you that identifies the sending. And he makes this statement, he hath borne witness of me. Jesus is referring specifically to how that God had spoken of him beforehand that this is not he didn't just show up like there was never a promise of a messiah. We weren't looking for a deliverer. We weren't looking for an anointed one. But the prophets had spoken of him beforehand. God by his prophets had foretold of the Messiah. So he's saying, "God, my father, bore witness of me through the prophets that you believed in and received. I have been spoken of beforehand." Now, we could bring it in the present tense and we could see that even in the ministry of Jesus Christ, the father had spoke at his baptism. This is my beloved son. So he had spoke through the prophets. But now in present tense, he could say that he hath borne witness of me. But now a so now it's not just the words of the prophets but he's standing before them as the unveiling of those witnesses says the father hath borne witness of me. So you can say well this witness said this and this witness said that and this testified to this and you have all the prophets that spoke of this coming anointed one this Messiah and now he's standing there as the unveiling of all those prophecies. And he says, 'Ye have neither heard his voice at any time nor seen his shape.' So I I find this sentence very striking. The father himself which has sent me hath borne witness of me. Ye have neither heard his voice at any time nor seen his shape. To hear you neither heard, that means obey. Not just necessarily the the resonance or the sound. It means to obey. And to see see his shape or seen his shape. It means to pay attention to or regard. Now, I've pondered this uh for some time last week, and and the the the phrasing of it is what caught begin to strike me is we know uh that God is invisible, yet we know that God expressed himself to Israel. And when he says, "You have not obeyed him in hearing his voice. Neither have you seen his shape, paid attention to or regarded him, they had not seen or heard him in the revelation of himself that was given in the scriptures." Because when Jesus says, "You have not the word abiding in you because he that sent me, you didn't you didn't believe in me when he sent me." So there wasn't something that matched. Steven Brother Ram talks about the Chinese laundry and he talks about that ripping apart and one has one half and the other has the other and how when you can identify, oh, I was reading this part and and it didn't all fit. But now when this comes, it lines up. It begins to fit together. And that's what he's alluding to that if you had had some proper expectation, if you had some proper understanding and hope, then when he would then I when I would come, you would believe in me because this one who said beforehand that I was coming have sent me. And so they didn't recognize him. Present tense is what I really want to focus on. They didn't recognize him in the character of his word because they didn't know what to look for. Now if you ponder that and and run that through the message of the hour, you'll find that brother Brandham in several places especially at the op after the opening the seals is identifying how the wrong kind of expectation. They were looking for the wrong thing and they had the wrong idea of the way things were supposed to be. They didn't know what to look for. But therefore, when he comes in his when he comes as a manifestation, they're not able to recognize him in the character of his word. Thus, he makes the statement, "You have not the testimony of this word is not present as an abiding power within you. You have not this word abiding in you because when I when I was sent and you saw me, you didn't regard me. You didn't pay attention to me." And so, it showed something was lacking or missing. And in John 1:18 is just referencing it very quickly as we read last time that no man hath seen God at any time. We know that refers to God being invisible and hidden. But the scripture tells us the only begotten son, he has declared him. He has he has manifested him. So when Jesus says you have neither heard his voice at any time or nor seen his shape there is an idea that it's not just so much the external image that strikes the eye but it's to pay attention to a regard and then there's something to the shape. Shape does not mean God himself because God himself cannot be seen but the shape means his visible manifestation or his visible appearance. something that would make God known, something that would reveal God. And God had appeared, or if I could say this, God had shaped himself to Israel many times, right? God was in the cloud. He followed Israel in the Exodus. He was in the pillar of fire. He had actually his glory was even seen on Moses. And we can see that there's many ways that God had manifested himself to the children of Israel. God had shaped himself in many ways to Israel. But through time, in the witness of his prophets, and he he had spoke to them. He was the voice in the prophets. Says, "You haven't heard my voice." They hadn't obeyed his voice. When he says, "You had not seen my shape. You have not paid attention to or regarded my appearings to you." And so through time, the reality of God had become completely hides covered up by tradition. Jesus identified tradition, mythology, all these other falsities that covered among. So now Jesus says they did not pay attention to you have not seen his shape. paid attention to or regarded the manifestation of God. And this to me help helps us to understand John 14:9. When you've seen me, you've seen the father. Not that you've actually seen God himself who is an invisible being, but you have not paid attention to or regarded the manifestation of God. I am the manifestation of God in human flesh. I'm not just his appearing. I'm not just his uh uh shape in a cloud. I'm not just his shape in the pillar of fire. I'm not just his voice in one of the prophets, but I I am his presence. I am his word made flesh. I am uh uh revealing myself. I am revealing God. When you see me, you are seeing the manifestation of God. Not in just some partial appearing and not just some outpouring, but I am the visible manifestation of God. I am the living word that makes God present. Amen. And he's saying, "He that hath seen the father or he that seen me hath seen the father. He that regards me or tends to me. He that regards me and sees this manifested reality regards and attends to the father." So Jesus is then, this is what I want you to recognize, begin to identify this in the message masterpiece. But when Jesus came on the scene, he was the fulfillment. He was the fulfillment of everything God had promised. He was the perfect identical image of the promise. Therefore, all promises of the Old Testament were met in Jesus Christ. Now, recognize where in in the unfolding of God's plan, the Old Testament is given promises given to Israel codified or in the in the Old Testament, the the scribes writing down the prophecies, the written word, the oral tradition that tried to keep that alive. He's saying all promises of the Old Testament are fulfilled in Jesus Christ. He says in another place, he fulfilled the Old Testament. So Christ in his coming, which he says, you've neither heard his voice at any time nor seen his shape. Here is Christ standing there saying, you are not recognizing that all the promises that have to this point been given to you are now being made known before you and yet you will not receive them. So he says in verse 39, this is the taking this very slowly because this part is so important. So he says, "Search the scriptures for them you think you have eternal life and they are they which testify of me." I I hope that there's been sufficient review and then emphasis even in these prior two verses to kind of get us under this expectation and this anticipation that here stands the mighty God unveiled before them in his son. A a and it's it's a it's the fulfillment of all the promises to Israel. It is the fulfillment of their word, their Bible, their scripture. And then he makes this statement that you have not the word of God abiding in you because he has sent me and you won't receive me. I'm just putting it in those terms. So then he his so his response to that is search the scriptures for in them you think you have eternal life and they the scriptures are they which testify of me. I want to identify two points that to me are kind of balancing two balancing points. The way that Jesus says, "Search the scriptures, they testify of me." When Christ says, "Search the scriptures," he honors the written word. Very important to recognize that that Christ though he is the fulfillment of the written word, he is honoring the written word and he's declaring that all have the right and I would say this, the duty to search the written scriptures. He he is not he's not doing away with anything that has been said before. He's not trying to circumvent any order or program of God or saying, "Ah, you know, forget about the prophets of old. Now that I'm here, we can all have fun." He he's he's saying, "Hey, the the written word has been provided to you. So, you have a right to it, and you have a duty to search it." So, and he's lifting up the written word. He's lifting up what would be their Bible. And then immediately, he says, "Search the scriptures." He immediately says, "They testify of me." And in doing so, he has given this wonderful these two balancing points. The word of God as being your right to search and you have a duty to search because in them is declaring to you the mind of God or the revelation of God. But then he warns against relying in the written word alone without the living word. Because he says you can look to the written word a and identify and search the written word but you he's saying they testify of me. So the written word is a witness of the living word. And it's not enough just to have the written word. You must also have the living word because here he was the word made flesh. He's saying search the written word. They testify of the living word that now stands before you. And in 2 Corinthians chapter 3 6 it who also is of speaking of God who also hath made us able ministers of the New Testament. Catch that very language that Paul is using. Not of the letter. Now, this relates to the New Testament, but think of how its application to the Old Testament. Not of the letter, but of the spirit. For the letter kleth, but the spirit giveth life. I know we're time is uh going by very quickly this morning, and so I hope to come back to this, but no, so keep this scripture in mind. Paul is a minister of a new covenant, a new testament, a new testifying, a new witness. but not just of the letter of it, but he's a a minister of the spirit. Because he says this statement, the letter can kill, but it's the spirit that gives life. And so the scriptures, when Jesus says, "Search the scriptures," it's literally the writings. He's saying, "Search the writings." And this is even a contrast kind of a touches on the word that is that has not been abiding in them. You have the written word externally. So search that. But yet he's identifying something the word that's lacking. So he uses the writings as opposed to the word. You have not the word abiding in you. So go back and search the writings. And I believe it's a distinction in language. That's very important. And to the Jews, the scriptures literally where are the writings of Moses and the prophets that they believe to be divinely inspired that they held very precious to them. So when Jesus says search the scriptures, there was no ambu ambiguity to a Jew. He knew exactly what these scriptures were. So he says search the scriptures like well what do you mean by that? What do you mean by writings? If we said you know you need to go read the book you some people might well what book? What book? What book? Right? We know what we're talking about. We say the Bible the scripture the written word. To them it was very clear what the scriptures were. So when he says search the scriptures it means search diligently. The word actually implies search anxiously. And the word is used of one of a minor who is is mining for precious metals who is anxiously looking at the bed of ore and and anxiously looking at the ground with this intensity that's proportionate to the value of the ore that he's trying to mine. I I just think that is so awesome the way he says search the scriptures. It's not just kind of like ah, you know, kind of look through this, but it's as one who's looking into something in order to get the gold out of it. And so to search anxiously is to view the word of God with this intense desire in this anxious longing as one who is digging through the ground with this ferveny, knowing that that that what they're looking for, the intensity is matching proportionally the value of the metal they stand to find. There's a there has to be some way for you to kind of recognize that even if we have to use the example of after church today when everyone's arguing over where they want to go eat a and we can't seem to come to a conclusion and so finally one you know one little group wins out and the the arms have been twisted and the side deals have been made and all of a sudden it's like well we're all going here and the one person who really wanted to go somewhere else is like that's fine I'll go and they go right but they're not really looking forward to Why? Because their desire is proportionate to what they feel they're going to get. But when you know you're going to maybe why I'm feeling so good today. I had it two days in a row. If you're ever going, let me know. I'll give you a 20 and you can buy me one. I'll put it in the freezer. They they keep uh there's a no don't because I I can just imagine I have 50 burritos on Tuesday or next Wednesday. Bring a truck. Uh don't do it please. I get enough of it as it is. I'm wanting to go the other direction. But when you have this intense when you know that there's something good there. This is even the desire we tried to lift up on Wednesday night. We're digging for gold. Appreciate everybody coming out for our first installment of Kids Eat Free. And there's a when there's this expectation of something valuable, there's this greater intensity with which you search. If you're just going to be digging through a field hoping to find some coal or find a rock or just find a piece of dirt, you're not really going to be caring. But when you know there's something in there of value, he's saying search diligently and let it be proportionate to the what you expect to get the value what you expect to get. I I would that that's how we would come to church. I know it may not be the building somebody wanted to be, but I believe that God has made this his house and that we have been blessed with his presence and this room has been a remarkable place for God to move and for people to be blessed. And I have no shame where we're gathering and I'm happy with the place that God has given us. But I would that we would come with an understanding that what we stand to mine out in our times together here are things that are very precious and our attitude towards the word of God ought to match match what we stand to gain. Amen. Be proportionate to the value of the word that we're seeking. God let that be. So he says, "Search the scriptures. They testify of me." He's saying they bear witness of me. I am the great burden of their testimony. I am their testament. If I can look at it this way, the scriptures are testifying, witnessing. They are a testament. They they have this burden that they're delivering. They have this uh something that they're pointing to. So then Christ comes and stands there and he says, "I am the great burden of their witness. I am their testament. I am what they're all were pointing to. I am what they were looking forward to. They witnessed that the Messiah come. They predicted the manner of his coming. They predicted his life. They predicted his death. Here I am I. I am what they said would be. And brother Brandham says in the message the token he said to them, "Search the scriptures for in them you think you have eternal life and they are they that testify of me." In other words, I love this how he get kind of paraphrase he's going to phrase it differently for us. If I don't do what the scripture says is supposed to be done in this day, then I'm an unbeliever. But then who can accuse me of sin? Sin is unbelief. He manifested every promise that God made for that day. He fulfilled it. He met the day because he was the Messiah. And that was the day of the Messiah. He manifested every promise God had made for that day. He was the perfect identical image of the promise. That's what brother Ram said. That's what search the scripture means. I am what is supposed to be here. And if I'm not manifesting what's supposed to be here, then you can call me an unbeliever. But he said, who can accuse me of sin? The mystery of the I am coming as a messiah. And if you can think about it this way, because and I know that we reference this quite often and and I I hope that it's appropriate to do so and it's not just a weakness on my part, but if the if everyone was looking for a man born of a woman who would be a humble man, maybe a carpenter, born in Bethlehem, born at a certain time, if that's what everyone was just anxiously awaiting, then as he began unfold. There'd be people. It would seem kind of obvious that every becom looks like it could be him. You know, well, look at this. His cousin that this is the forerunner. This is Malik. This and start seeing like it just seems like it would everything would kind of match up and line up and and and Fox News and CNN would get along and MSNBC would they would all just agree and say, "Hey, kind of hard to argue with it, right?" But yet, this is not what's happening. Why? Because the mystery of the I am coming as a Messiah that would be a savior. The idea of a savior and a sacrifice is completely hidden to the Jews. It was bound up in the testament. It was bound up in the witness. So the the scriptures testified, but the reality was hid the the the truth of it was hid even in the witness or the testament. It's bound up in the testament and the scriptures, if I could say the scriptures being the Old Testament, we're full of the testimony of Christ. Don't we look back and we see David was a type of Christ and Moses was a type of Christ. And we go through Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, all these types of Christ. And then Joseph is a perfect type of Christ. And we see it was Christ, a little bit of Christ manifested here, a little bit of Christ manifested there. You go back to the scriptures, they're all foreshadowing, pointing to the Old Testament pointed forward to Christ. They were full of symbols, full of types, full of prophecies speaking of Christ. So when we get to Luke, so when we come to Luke chapter 24, and so I'm not just going to refer I'm not going to go back and read it. I just want to refer back to it. A and and here Christ has come and done exactly what the word of God, the Old Testament said the Messiah would do. And Jesus had rehearsed it to him while he was with him, right? You find him referring to certain things and then no, hold on. No, you're not gonna die. That's not gonna happen. This is not the when he comes to the place where he's going to he he fulfills exactly what he was called to do. Sacrifice resurrects and he finds his very disciples discouraged and all kind of tore apart. And he says, "Oh fools slow of heart to believe all the prophets have spoken. Oh fools and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken." Now someone could take issue with that and say, "Oh, so you mean that he fulfilled all all that the prophets have spoken? So everything that had prophesied in the Old Testament, every scripture, every prophecy, every symbol, every type was fulfilled, but the ones pertaining to that day, that manifestation and to the the the full the main intent and purpose of it, the very specific intent of the narrative of the Old Testament. And it says in verse 27, "And beginning," he says, "Ought not Christ have suffered this and entered into his glory." So he's identifies it and beginning at Moses, he's taken their Bible and he begins at Moses and all the prophets. He expounded unto them all the scriptures, the things concerning himself. I wish that was on tape. I wish they had a real tore of that. I mean, I don't we need to go do some u ancestry.com or 23 and me and see if we can't find some descendants of Cleopus and say, "Do you have recordings somewhere?" Amen. I mean anywhere something because that would be something to have, wouldn't it? Beginning at Moses who wrote those the first five books of the Bible, the Pentatuk, he writes this beginning at Moses. I wonder if he began with Genesis 3:15, the seed of the woman. And then he could go right into Deuteronomy 18:5, a prophet like unto Moses. To Exodus 12, the Passover lamb to Numbers 21, the brass serpent lifted up in the wilderness. to Levit Leviticus 17, the shed blood, the atonement, him, his shed blood being the atonement. To Isaiah 9, the wonderful counselor, the mighty God, the everlasting father, the prince of peace to Isaiah 53, being this tender plant, no beauty that we would desire, despised, and rejected like a sheep. Here he is wounded, bruised, chastised, described in his crucifixion. I I wonder if these are the scriptures he begin to go through to Psalm 16 where he says, "I will not suffer my holy one to see corruption." and how he was resurrected on the third day to Psalm 22. The entire psalm is the crucifixion, the very words of Christ and his image on the on the cross to Psalm 41 to Psalm 69 to Psalm 108 to Psalm 110. The Lord said unto my Lord, oh all these different places where he could have been going to read this, read this, read this to Daniel 9 as being the Messiah cut off in the midst of the weak. Oh, I imagine they their their heart was burning. I don't have to imagine it. They said it did. I imagine there was just something going, "Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Oh, now now I remember he actually said this would happen." And oh, and there's just something that begins to stir in their hearts. And And if I could just maybe make this jump to our day today, I want you to understand this. If if your heart burns when you hear this word of God, if your heart burns when you listen to the message of the hour, I want you to know that that burning speaks of a revelation. That burning speaks of an unfolding. And don't ever let your heart stop burning until the full revelation of Jesus Christ dawns on you to give you the revelation of the word of God in this hour. Amen. Oh, praise be to God. something just welling up within them and burning. And he said unto them in Luke 24:44, I I didn't read this as a part of our text. But he said he said unto them, "These are the words which I spake unto you while I was yet with you." This is him appearing to them again, saying, "The scriptures are fulfilled. These are the words which I spake unto you while I was yet with you, that all things must be fulfilled which were written in the law of Moses and in the prophets and in the psalms concerning me. I I I believe that that's exactly what he did with those believers on the road to Emmas. What he did with his disciples is he took them through Moses, the prophets, the psalms, and showed them those things concerning him. All things must be fulfilled concerning me which were written in Moses, the prophets, and in the Psalms. So, could we agree to this? There's prophecies in the Old Testament that he did not fulfill, but they didn't concern him. Okay? I know some of you would say it's true, but maybe it's just so obvious to others. They didn't really feel like I needed the affirmation. But he says, 'All things must be fulfilled which were written by Moses, the prophets and psalms concerning me, the word in that day, that time. And brother Brandham in the message, and when their eyes were open, they knew him. He says, "Now we find that that unusual thing was the thing that they couldn't get." And this resurrection was unusual. They and yet they would have noticed it. It was his promised word. He had told them, said, "The son of man goes to Jerusalem. He'll suffer many things to the Gentiles, be delivered in their hands, and be crucified, be buried, and will rise the third day." It's exactly what he had said. He said also as Jonah laid in the belly of a whale three days and night, so must the son of man be in the heart of the earth three days and nights. He exactly told him that David, one of the prophets prophesied, I will not leave his soul in hell, neither suffer my holy one to see corruption. These are things that Jesus specifically rehearsed to them. So here's the written word. Here's the living word rehearsing the written word of even things that are to be so that when it happens it would give them confidence that he is the word says and all the prophets spoke of him and looked like these disciples yet looked like they would have they would have recognized it and should have known this but you see it was withheld from them and the promise word to them and yet they didn't recognize it and now notice this it was fulfilled I I'll say this now. It's remarkable. I want it's I want to remark about this. It's notable that the promise was written, then rehearsed by Christ, then fulfilled, but yet not revealed. Right? Written, rehearsed, done, but yet it's withheld from someone. Doesn't it doesn't it seem like it would be very very easy if it said on March 20th this is going to happen and then on March 19th someone says on March 20th this is going to happen and then on March 20th it happens. It seems like everybody would high-five or go yep just exactly. But yet it can be withheld. I want you to I I want you to note that. But he says it was fulfilled exactly what he said would happen. What the Old Testament said would happen. It was perfectly fulfilled. And yet they didn't understand it. It was fulfilled in reality. It was written sometimes in symbol form, prophesied, manifested in types and shadows. But now the truth of it is manifest. It is a manifested reality, but it's withholden. And I want to know it's withholden. The focus, what I want you to recognize here is not the lack of re of revelation, but the order and the method of God fulfilling his word from the written word to the living word to the manifestation of it to the the written her word to the rehearsing of it and then the fulfillment of it. This is God's way of bringing a reality of his word. And so here's Jesus. I have to kind of recollect myself here uh uh that to get to this scripture in Psalm 40. Here's Jesus standing there and he says this is the I am and he says search the scriptures because they testify of me. I am the living word made manifest. And notice what the scripture says of him in Psalm 40 6 to10. Sacrifice and offering thou didest not did desire not desire. Mine ears hast thou opened? Burnt offering and sin offering hast thou not required. Now, mine ears hast thou opened. You're familiar in Hebrews chapter 10 where Paul takes this very same psalm and he writes it. And in the Hebrew, my ears hast thou opened. This is how it's translated in the English. In a lot of other languages when it was translated, it's translated to a body thou hast prepared me. In the Syriak in these different versions, this is what it this is what is meant. My ears hast thou opened. You've given me an ear to hear. Without a body, you couldn't hear. And so he's saying you burnt offering and sin offering thou hast not required a body of thou hast prepared me. And it's exactly what Paul writes in Hebrews 10:5. Wherefore when he cometh into the world, he saith, sacrifice an offering, thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me. Who is this? Jesus Christ. So verse seven, then said I, lo, I come in the volume of the book. It is written of me. I delight to do thy will, oh God. Yay, thy law is within my heart. I have preached righteousness in the great congregation. Lo, I have not refrained my lips, oh Lord, thou knowest. I have not hid thy righteousness within my heart. I have declared thy faithfulness and thy salvation. I have not concealed thy loving kindness and thy truth from the great congregation. a body thou hast prepared me. And so he says, I come. Now, this is his coming. In the volume of the book, it is written of me. In the volume of the book, and it says, I delight to do thy will. The law is within my heart. So, it's embodied in this body. It's at the heart. It's at the center of this one who is giving this who who it was written of before, who has come. And then notice, I have preached. I have not refrained my lips. I have not hid. I have declared. I have not concealed. What? Righteousness. Uh the righteousness that was within his heart, the faithfulness, the salvation, the loving kindness, and the truth. I have done these things. Oh, it's such a beautiful picture. This body that has been prepared. That at the very heart of it is the law of God that has preached, not refrained his lips, has not hid, has declared, and has not concealed. He's declared truth. He's declared righteousness. As Paul writes it, "Lo, I come in the volume of the book. It is written of me to do thy will, oh God." If I could say it this way, his coming was written in the volume of the book. I I I've heard some ministers take it and maybe not necessarily any ones that we would know uh that you would know, but they took this phrase as, "Lo, I come in the volume of the book." that his coming was in the book. And and it's maybe just maybe a little bit of a unique emphasis, but we could say that surely in symbol form and in type, this is a revelation of Jesus Christ. This is God of Christ in written form. So there's there's a a a laying out of him. But now he's saying, I actually come in fulfillment of what is written in the book. And and I'll just have to pick up on some of this next Sunday, Lord willing, if not Wednesday. I come in the volume of the book. I come in the scroll or the role of the book. And and when it says, "Lo, I come in the volume of the book in Psalm 40." That would have been the the first five books that were written by Moses, the Pentatuk, that's what they would have been referring to. Lo, I come in the volume of the book. So the promise of Christ, the coming of Christ is prophesied in written in the scroll. the role of the law. Are you thinking about even this image? Lo, lo, I have come in the volume of the rolling of the scroll. It was written of me. So when he came, if you could just ponder this. So when he came, he's un unrolling that book. Search the scriptures for they are they which testify of me. that there's this dynamic that's taking place to where now now that I've unrolled it. Go back and look at it. It would have been impossible. I I say this maybe with some reservation in my heart, but it certainly would have been very likely a feudal exercise to try to do that a hundred years before and pinpoint who Christ would be. But now that he's come, he's saying, "Search the scriptures and you'll find that I'm doing exactly what the Bible said I would be doing in the day that it was to be done." Why? Because he's saying, "This book may have been rolled up to you at one point, but now I've opened it. I've unrolled it. Lo, I've come in the volume of the scroll. I've laid it out before you so that you can look at it. And oh, if it would come out to you from the pages to recognize the word standing before you. When he came, he opened the book. Holy scriptures were talking about he opened it. Light was shining on the word. Why? Because it was a living reality. And it says, "Lo, I come to do thy will." And it was written in the volume of the book. The word was in him. He says, "The law was within my heart and I did not hide it. I have declared it. I did not conceal it. In other words, I have opened up that which was sealed. I have opened the book. This is Christ. This is what Christ is saying in his days on earth. Right? This is me looking at the I am is an open book now in Christ when it comes to the prophecies of the Old Testament. So in Luke 4 17 to 21 and there was delivered unto him he he comes as his custom was as his manner was he comes to the temple he's going to church that's what Christ did that's what Christians do and there was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Isaiah and when he had opened the book. What a what a wonderful symbolic act in Luke chapter 4. This is now early on in his in his ministry in the narrative of Luke because if you find even in the narrative of Luke, he comes out of the wilderness in his temptation and he returns in the spirit of God and he teaches in the synagogue. And so here he is at the beginning of his ministry and according to Luke, the first act that he does as he takes the book and opens it. Now it wouldn't have been the New Testament, right? It's not written yet, but he took their written word and it says, "And he opened in the book of Isaiah. He opened the book and he found the place where it was written." And he begins to say, begins to read, "The spirit of the Lord is upon me because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor. He hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recover of sight to the blind, and to set at liberty them that are bruised, and to pre to preach the acceptable year of the Lord." And Isaiah continues, but he stops. Says, "And he closed the book." Oh, what beautiful symbolism is being represented here. He in his this act in his ministry, he opens the book and what does he begin to do? Point out where it's written of him. Here's the living word who is anointed to do this. Preach the gospel to the poor, heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to captives, recovering sight to the blind, to sit at liberty them, and to preach the acceptable year of the Lord. Light was shining on that. Here it is being opened up before him, but he can't read another word because that's not opened yet. So, he closed it. He unfolds a certain part and he rehearses it to him. But then when he gets to that part in a symbolic act, he rolls it back up. Why? Because that part wasn't opened yet. Amen. Because that was going to be something he would do at another time. That was a prophecy that didn't concern him then. But that would be done in another day. And in that day, there'd have to be another unfolding of the scroll for light to shine on it again. Oh, I hope you can see what my inspiration is today. We're not reading a closed book. We're not guessing. We're not arguing. We're not trying to figure it out. We're walking in the light. He closes it again and he gives it to the minister and he sits down. And notice this. And all the eyes and the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him. And the presence of all these people, they hand him they hand him a scroll of Isaiah. And only he knows just how far to open it right to the place where it's written of him and to say to preach the acceptable year of the Lord and without unfolding it any further closes it back up and there everyone watches him do it. their eyes are fashioned on him and they're still looking at him in that very moment looking at him and he began to say unto them this day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears in other places in the Bible it says and with many other words there's this exhortation this expounding upon things so we know that this wasn't I I'll just this is just brother Aaron saying this he says he began to say unto them this day This scripture is fulfilled in your words. It says, "And all bear witness and wondered at the gracious words which proceeded out of his mouth. He said more." But what was he saying? This day this scripture is fulfilled in your ears. Everything he begin to say was going to connect back to what he had just opened up. He opened the book. He found the prophecies pertaining to him. And then he begins to say, "This day, this scripture is fulfilled in your ears." He opened the book. He pointed them to the scriptures that were made reality before them. But then he closes the book. Why? Because the remainder of the prophecy was not for that time. That part remains sealed. I have I I'll close here. I have one, two, three more scriptures to read and another statement to read to you from the message. I know that gives you absolutely no basis to figure out how much longer I'll be. I realize that. But maybe you can just count down, right? But the mystery, if I can say, I want to close. I want to close. I want to just share this in a way that kind of at least leaves me in a place where I can continue, but I I want to be able to close this off. The mystery of the Old Testament was made a reality. The light was shining on the word. The next step, you say, "Oh, but there's there's prophecies of the millennium in the Old Testament." That's true. But they couldn't come till he came. Like you can't get to the millennium unless first there's a cross. So in the order of the word of God, what was next? What concerned the Messiah? What concerned the deliverer? What was the what God had been pointing to in all that? If I could say this, and it's very beautiful how this works out. There's certain things that are written in the word of God that pertain to Christ, which God's main emphasis was Genesis 3:15. Everything unfolds and then it comes and then the rest is a consequence of that. The millennium is a consequence of the sacrifice. These are things that flow out from that. And there's a there's a truth and I'm maybe getting ahead of myself. The same for the New Testament. There's we can say, "Oh, well, there's still prophecies that need to be fi fulfilled." I I had a a very odd situation happened to me a few years ago where I was in the home of a pastor and and he made this very striking comment to me. I was preaching for him that weekend and he goes, "Well, you know, I think we've put way too much emphasis on this and that." And I'm like, "Wow, okay. This is this is very interesting." Backtrack on his part. He goes, "There's just so many scriptures in the New Testament that need to be fulfilled, Brother Aaron." And I said, and we're in his home. We're just in his home and I was I was just in fellowship. I said, "Oh, well, what would those scriptures be?" "Well, I don't know. I don't have a Bible on me." I'm like, I mean, are you sure we couldn't get a Bible in your house? I I might have got my phone and said, "Hey, I've got an app. Pull it up right now." Well, you know, you know, just promises. Well, if there's promises that need to be fulfilled, I want to see them. And keep in mind, there's still yet promises that need to be fulfilled. But recognize the promises that can't be fulfilled until these promises are fulfilled and get them in the correct order. And light then in Christ, he fulfills the Old Testament. He fulfilled the Old Test. He was the perfect identical image of the promise. He fulfilled all the promises of the Old Testament. They're met in Jesus Christ. those things concerning him, the language he used this day, the scriptures fulfilled in your ears, all things that must be fulfilled which were written in the law of Moses, the prophets and psalms concerning me. Search the scriptures, they testify of me. These are the things I'm wanting you to think about. The written word of God, the Old Testament scrolls, the law and the prophets had Christ opened the scroll. The Old Testament had become a new book. Think of how new it had really in reality had become to them. But the book remained closed without revelation. The meaning, the truth, the purpose. So if I could say this in my as my closing thought, the Old Testament had opened in reality. It opened in reality but still need to be open to the individual by revelation. something can open absolutely manifest in reality but still be sealed to the person when it comes to revelation. 2 Corinthians 3:6 I I told you I'd come back to this. Who hath made us able ministers of the New Testament, not of the letter, but of the spirit. For the letter kleth, but the spirit giveth life. Brother David was singing it and dramatizing it. the knowledge of the letter crucified Christ. Did they not crucify him by quoting the letter? Did they not believe that he was in violation of the letter? And those who were the most passionate about the letter, those that were the most ardent supporters and uh scribes, the ones that wrote down, the ones that wrote down so everyone else could get it. They're the ones that were tasked with taking the word and providing and making it avail. They're the ones that took the very word of God. the Pharisees and the Sadducees and all them, they took the written word and that's what they used to crucify the living word. That's who did it. The very ones who would have known the written word. So he says the letter kills the the the written part can kill if you don't recognize this part of it. You've got to recognize and if I could say this, we can believe the symbol form. We could believe the prophetic form of something, but after it becomes a reality, you need a revelation. So you have faith. You have faith in the written word. And that faith in the written word is what you must have. So then if the word's written and you have faith in your heart in the written word, once that word becomes flesh, that to have faith in that is one thing. But once it becomes flesh, what you need is a revelation of the fulfillment. Because then you enter into that that slippery slope of faith in the written words made void when you deny the fulfillment of it. Then it is the faith really abiding in you. when this faith in the promise cannot translate to revelation in the fulfillment. I I I'll just I'll I'll skip I'll just make quick reference to it. What did Paul say? And and I'll amplify it in the in next services or so. He said even to this day when they read the book a veil is on their heart to what? To not see what Christ. So it's not that the book wasn't opened. It's just their understanding had not been open. The book had become a manifested reality. It had been opened but they did not they did not the veil was still on their eyes. And so I I'll close with Luke 24. verses 30 and 32. It said, "It came to pass as he sat at meat with them, he took bread and blessed it and break and gave to them and their eyes were opened and they knew him. Now they knew him in the revelation of the word." There there's this o a teaching this identification. the written word. The written word rehearsed, the written word fulfilled, living, made manifest before them. Now, they're being walked through the process of it. They're being told. These things are being lined up, being taught to them. Everything's being placed. But then God does the thing that we must have. This is what we must all have. He opened their eyes. And then once their eyes were open, they knew him. I I I I'll say this if I'm venturing a little bit, please forgive me, but I believe that had they not constrained him to stay that maybe he would have continued on and they could have gone back and said, "Well, we met this one who placed our Messiah in the scripture here." And he spoke of Genesis 3:15 and oh, look at this how it fits this. and they might have been able just to kind of line it up all just they could have just rehearsed the conversation. But notice they could know what he said and place it scripturally but still not know him to have not had a revelation of him. So, I'm so glad that there was still yet another place that a person could come to not just have everything lined up just nicely, not just to have church services, not just to kind of walk with him in the way, but have this desire to constrain him to stay and to come in and to to sit at the table and do something for me to feed me. Amen. It says, "And when their eyes were open, they knew him and he vanished out of their sight. But though out of sight, he was now within their heart by revelation which could never be departed from them. And then they said to one another, "Did not our heart burn within us?" I love the singularity Did not our heart. Why? Because I have the heart you have for this word. You have the same heart that she has. You have the same heart everywhere. We all have a heart that burns. We have glory. The only heartburn I love. We have we have a burning heart and the world can't quite understand it. A and we have people we love and other things that take place where uh others just they can't quite understand and grasp our love for Christ. They can't quite understand why because they don't have heartburn. You don't you don't know you're not experiencing what I'm experiencing. You're not feeling what I'm feeling. And I could say, "Oh, even as Paul said, oh, I would that you would be persuaded. I would that your heart would burn. I would that you would feel what I feel." Because he said, "Did not our heart burn within us when he talked with us by the way?" And while he opened to us the scripture, he was opening up the scripture. Christ once again was opening up the Old Testament and unfolding the scroll and loosing light was shining on the word in a manifested reality. But then it says when they went back and testified in verse 35 that wherein he was made known, they told the things that were done in the way and how he was known of them in the breaking of bread. Again recognize the symbolic act. They said why he opened us to the opened up to us the scripture and then he's made known to us in the breaking of bread in the revealing of the word and the dividing it out and the giving and it's there therein he's made known in everything he's done. They still don't recog he'd walked with him before. They they should have been able to recognize his walk. recognize his voice, recognize his face, kind of look at the hands a little bit or what, whatever it might be. Say they had not recognized him, but he did something very remarkable when he broke bread. This is maybe a call back to barriers and boundaries. How many of you when someone invites you to stay with them and you're a guest, whenever the meal is served on the table, you go, "Let's just all join hands and let's bow our heads in prayer and let's pray." And you begin to serve. Who's got the nerve to do that? I might know some people who do, but who typically does it? The head of the house. And so here he is. He's revealed himself as the master. He's revealed himself in the breaking of bread, taken his position, and he's made known, and I want you to catch it in a type. He's made known to them in the revealing of the word. And that's where all of us must know him. We must know him not just simply in the placement of scripture, not just in believing the Bible to be the written word. We must know him by revelation and not just know him because a story has been rehearsed to us of a man named Jesus uh Jesus of Nazareth who walked the shores of Galilee who did this and did this and did this and did this. We must know him in the resurrection. We must know him by revelation. He must become to us the opened word. We invite the musicians to come and the message an absolute. He says I'm I'm closing with this. So if you're if you're running out of room in your notes or whatever it is, I'm this is my last statement here. He says like it just like it was back there at his birth. Isaiah 9:6, all down through the scriptures, everything was spoke of him. It was fulfilled. Over in the book of Luke, we see it that he was the end of the prophecy too of him. He fulfilled that the history, the songs, everything in the Old Testament that spoke of him. It was fulfilled right there. That became the ultimate. that became the typost of the word of God for that age. You you recognize just how he's zeroing this down that to those in that age this fulfillment becomes their tiepost. This becomes an anchor and now for whatever goes forward that becomes the foundation the typost it's an ultimate now even going forward and then notice the beautiful language that he uses and the real bornagain people of this age that's filled with the Holy Ghost is the tidepost of this scripture that's got to be fulfilled in these last days if I if I can say it this way to the real born again of this age those that have the holy Holy Ghost. Their tidepost is the scripture that's got to be fulfilled in these last days. They are the ultimate. It's God's ultimate because it's his word and the word is Christ the typost. He says there's no way to get away from it. Something that holds you. God is once again fulfilling his promised word. That that is the absolute truth. God is fulfilling his word. And the believer's typost today is God fulfilling his promised word. You say, "Oh, well, brother Aaron, what does that mean? What does that mean for me? What does that mean uh for us in terms of of our of our faith?" And uh uh uh uh what which scripture my typost? I I'll say this. You're not going to have very much if you don't have the new birth. If you don't have the revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you, that's that's the must. You must be born again. And when he fulfills his promised word to you, a real born again person of this age filled with the Holy Ghost can then begin to have the rest of the word. You're born again to see the word fulfilled to you. That's got to be your first anchor in Jesus Christ. And I challenge all of us to be very fervent for that in our own lives. Don't miss it, young people. If there's sermons that are preached that are articulate and wellplaced and a and make things seem to be very very plain and very clear, I I I I said don't ever miss that there's a there's a must. You must be born again because your heart can burn, but he needs to be made known to you in Revelation. God bless you today. stand. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's bow our heads in prayer.
