################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-07-31 - Bro. Daniel Evans - Killing the Giants The Christian Life - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2022-07-31
Title:   Bro. Daniel Evans - Killing the Giants: The Christian Life
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kJQ4jVQXT4
========================================

Description:
Bro. Daniel Evans - Killing the Giants: The Christian Life 
Sunday Service: July 31, 2022
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Um, let's turn to Ephesians chapter 6. Very common scripture that all of us probably know very well. It's a it's a battle cry to a Christian. Very inspiring words from the Apostle Paul, a great man of faith. Ephesians chapter 6 verse 10 says, "Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might. Put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of darkness, of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Remember that verse there. Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God that you may be able to withstand in the evil day. and having done all to stand. Stand therefore having your loins gird about with truth and having the breastplate of righteousness. Having on the breastplate of righteousness and your feet shaw with the preparation of the gospel of peace. Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith you shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked. Amen. and take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God, praying always with all prayer and supplication in the spirit and watching there unto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints. That another translation of that verse 18 says this, "Pray in the spirit at all times and on every occasion. Stay alert and be persistent in your prayers for all believers everywhere. Let's let's bow our heads. Almighty God, we are thankful for your word. Lord, we pray that you would add the blessings to the reading of this word and and to the scriptures that I will do my best to bring out. Father, I pray that your Holy Spirit would be here with me and with this congregation. And Father, we we're grateful grateful that we have a Bible that we can open. We're grateful that we have a message that we can turn to. Yes, Lord. And most of all, we're grateful for a savior that gave his life for us on Calvary. Lord, we're grateful. Bless us, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you all. You can take your seats. Um, as I said, this Ephesians chapter 6, it's a scripture about battles, about wars, about these spiritual battles that go on in the world today. And I want to talk about a battle that is in the Old Testament that uh unfortunately it was a battle that was lost. And we look and we we read in in in the book of Joshua and we see all these battles that were won. But there was a battle before this book of Joshua that was a tragic loss. And it wasn't a loss on the battlefield, but it was a loss that was in the mind. And what had happened in the numbers in the 13th chapter if if you want to turn there. But what had happened is is the the Israelites, the Jews had come out of Egypt with a mighty hand. They had seen great miracles that had happened in Egypt. They had seen plagues that were brought down upon the Egyptians. There were there were there was the first one was the Nile River was turned to blood and then there were there frogs and fleas and and lice and and locusts and darkness. 10 plagues. The last one was the first born of Egypt was was killed. And these Hebrews finally it brought Pharaoh to his knees. And these Hebrews were able to walk out of this denomination called Egypt. They they were able to come out by this great leader, this great prophet, and they came out of Egypt and they went into the wilderness. And Pharaoh's heart was hardened once again. And he said, you know, he says, I'm not going to do it. He says, I'm going to go after them. And he sent his chariots and his warriors out to destroy the people of God. They came to the Red Sea. Their backs were up against the sea and on this side were the warriors. And God did another great miracle. Maybe one of the greatest miracles that has ever been done. He caused this wind to blow and and walled up the waters of the sea on both sides and Israel walked through on dry ground. They got to the other side and then God let the waters come down upon the Egyptian army and destroyed them and put the nail in the coffin. Then they started going on. They had seen these miracles. this generation that had come out even though they had seen the miracles. They started complaining. They started murmuring as the Bible said. They started fighting amongst each other. They they they had to have a a law that came down. They wanted to divorce their wives. They had had a have to had a law of divorcement. There was all these problems. They they even made a calf and worshiped it like the Egyptians did. Great failure. They came to this place called Kadesh Barnea. Numbers chapter 13. This was the promised land. There was this river Jordan. God had promised their ancestors starting with Abraham that I'm going to give you this promised land and it will be a good land. So Moses leads the people up to this to this place called Keresh Barnea and he sends out 12 spies. across this river to this promised land. They sent the spies out. They were out there for 40 days. They went and they saw that it was a good land that God had given us this land. It was it was a good land. It was a place to raise your family. It was a nice place. Lots of pomegranates and figs and grapes and and just a very fertile land. But the problem is there was giants in this land. There was the the Anakins, not Anakin Skywalker. There's no relation. These were the sons of Anch. And they were giants, very evil people, very strong people. They saw these people. They were larger than a normal man. And when they came back across Jordan, they gave a report saying that it's a good land, but we can't do it. because these men are too great for us. Even after they had seen all the miracles, they had seen the plagues fall down on Egypt, they had seen the Red Sea part, they had seen mana come down from heaven. And yet they did not have the confidence. And they brought this report back. But there was two that brought a good report, two of those spies, and that was Joshua and Caleb. Let's read it. Numbers chapter 13:30. They were all up in arms. They were upset. They were afraid that they couldn't go over. And here's what happened. And Caleb stilled the people before Moses and said, "Let us go up at once and possess it, for we are able to overcome it." But the men that went up with him said, "We are not able to go up against the people, for they are stronger than we." And they brought up an evil report of the land which they had searched unto the children of Israel, saying that the land though we though the land though which we have gone to search it is a land that eateth up the inhabitants thereof, and all the people that we saw in it are men of great stature. And there we saw giants, the sons of Anch, which come of the giants, and we were in our sight as grasshoppers. And so we were in their sight. They didn't have the confidence in God. They didn't have the confidence in themselves. So they weren't grasshoppers compared to these people. But they saw that we were in our own eyes, we couldn't do it. And then these giants saw that they didn't have the confidence. So they became grasshoppers in the sight of these men that were over in the promised land. And like I said, the Israelites were fighting among themselves. They they really they didn't want to go over. They were afraid to go to battle even though they had all these miracles behind them, you know. And I think about I think about brother Brandham and and all the things that he did, the miracles that had happened and and coming out of the denominations and and we see there they were with Moses and they came out with all these miracles and yet they squabbled amongst themselves even to the fact that they wanted to stone Moses and Aaron. They were so afraid. They had such little confidence in God. It made the Lord sick. It m it made him upset. He said he wanted to just wipe it clean after all that I have done for you. And then you start with your with your complaining and your murmuring and you don't think that you can do it. and uh they wanted the blessings of God, but they didn't want to go all the way. They maybe wanted to have one foot in the world, one foot in the message, and they didn't have the faith. They didn't have the lives to back it up. But God had promised. And they they see these they see these these great men and they said, "We are grasshoppers to them." They were afraid. And I know that this was in Isaiah chapter 40 verse 21. I know that this was written after that this these Hebrews came out of Egypt. But let me show you really quickly what God thinks. Yes. Of these giants and of these grasshoppers. It says this Isaiah verse 40 21. It says, "Have ye not known? Have ye not heard? Hath it not been told to you from the beginning? Have you not understood from the foundations of the earth? It is he that siteth upon the circle of the earth. He's talking about the almighty Jehovah. It is he that siteth upon the circle of the earth. And the inhabitants therein as he's looking down the inhabitants therein are as grasshoppers that stretcheth out the heavens as a curtain and spreadth them out as a tent to dwell. You see, we may see giants, but if we can get in the spirit of God, God sees grasshoppers. Let's skip down to verse 29. It says this, "He giveth power to the faint, and to them that have no might, he increasth strength." Amen. Even the youth shall faint and be weary, and the young men shall utterly fall. But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Friends, if you trust in God, these grasshoppers with some of the sisters and and even a few of the brothers are so afraid of bugs, you know, they're they're just they're these terrifying little things that that they fly around and they buzz around our head. You know, you've seen those palvery beetles. You know, they look like a dinosaur. compared to us. And we look at it and we're afraid of it. You know, you're like a hundred,000 times bigger than that. I Googled it. Grasshoppers. The weight of a grasshopper is a hundth of an ounce. And a 140 pound human being is 220,000 times bigger than a grasshopper. Why are we afraid of these little things? And that's how these demons are. That's how these things that come against us are. We have the mighty God that's looking down and he's seeing these little grasshoppers and he's able to just squash them. This is his vessel. When it's flying around, squash it. It's nothing. Squish. Don't be afraid of those things. Don't be afraid of those bugs. Don't Don't worry about those things because they are nothing. this experience at Kadesh Barnea. There was two men that had the vision. That was Joshua and Caleb. And they said, "We are more than able to go over and take this land." But then the 10 people over there, they said, "No, we're we're grasshoppers. We can't do it." And you know, that must have stuck in Joshua's in Caleb's craw for a long time. It it bothered him. And we see that 40 years later, God said, "I'm sick of it." He said, "You were over there for 40 days, you spies." He said, "You are going to wander in this wilderness for one day a year." 40 years. Now, you are going to wander in this wilderness until every one of them except a couple are died out and they're gone. And time went on and and that generation started dying and passing away as as they w they wandered in the wilderness for this 40 years. And then finally that generation was gone. The ones that complained, the ones that did see the miracles, the one that saw all these great things happen, the ones that came out of this this Egypt, yet they complained. They they fought with each other. But then there rose another generation. There arose a generation that said, "You know what? We believe it, brother Edgie. We believe this message and we are going to not only believe it, but we are going to put it into action." So here they are with their leader Joshua. Moses had just passed on and they came to the same river, this Jordan River. The river was swollen in in Joshua chapter 1. The river was was swollen up. It was it was impassible. But you know what? It did not matter to this group. They said, "We believe what the prophet said. We believe it and we are going to put it into action. Whatever it is, whatever the giant is, we're going to take God's word for it and we're going to go forward." So in Joshua chapter 1, they start preparing to go over. And in Joshua chapter 1 18, it's a beautiful scripture. It says this, Joshua is preparing the people to go over into this promised land, preparing them to go to war, preparing them to take their inheritance. And he says this 180 says, "The book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth, but shalt but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein. For then thou shalt make thy way prosperous, and then thou shalt have good success." This book shall always be on your mind. You'll be reading it. You'll be thinking about it all the time. You can listen to the prophet's words all the time. It's don't ever let it depart from your mouth. Never let it never let it get away. Talk about it all the time. Witness about it all the time. This is part of us. This is our guide. Amen. So then in verse nine, he says this, "Have not I commanded thee? Be strong and of good courage, neither be afraid, neither be thou dismayed, for the Lord thy God is with thee wherever thou goest." This new generation tells Joshua, "As God was with Moses, he is with you. And whatever you say Joshua, we are going to go forward. So Joshua sends two spies over. Remember before they had 12. 10 of them failed. So he just sends two. Joshua sends two over. They go over Jordan. They go to these great walls of this place called Jericho. Now remember, nothing had changed really. These walls probably got bigger over this 40 years that they were wandering around. And these giants were still there. They were still over in the hill country. And and these walls were still fortified. These two spies go over and they sneak into this place called Jericho. The most fortified city you can think of. Powerful walls, you know, they would they would have probably rained down the the archers on top of them. Impossible to breach. And they find this little lady, Rahab, ble blessed young lady, and she says, "Listen, things are really bad here." And I think that these men and this warrior Joshua and this army probably gave her a lot of hope that things could change in her life. She hid these these messengers. They come back and they gave a report to Joshua and they said, "We are more than able to take it. Look at the difference 40 years makes. We are more than able to take it." And these other ones said, "Oh, we're afraid." So they go, they get ready to go over Jordan. Joshua prepares the people. They said, "Keep your eye on this ark. You haven't gone this way before. watch that ark. Don't lose sight of it. And and he tells he tells the brothers, he says he says the minister brothers, the Levites, he says he says when you put your feet in this Jordan River, he said this water is going to stop flowing. So they take the ark and they get into the Jordan River and the water stops flowing. It walls up way back upstream. And the Israelites, they walk over and Joshua says, "12 of you from each tribe." He says, "Stop in this this river." And he said, "Pick up a stone." And he says, "Take this thing and we're going to put these stones where we camp tonight." So they take these 12 stones and they put them in a heap in this place called Gilgal. And that's where they had camped. And Joshua says this, and I love this thing that Joshua said. He said, "When bring your children back to these stones, and he says, when they ask, what are these stones here?" He says, "Use that to tell them that this is what happened when we came over this Jordan on dry land." Amen. He says, "Use those stones, those testimonies to say that God parted the Red Sea and we came over in a mighty way. Tell your children about these things. Don't neglect these things. These are an encouragement to our young people. They're an encouragement to us, to our generation." None of us were there when these things happened in the 50s, in the 40s with brother Brandham in the 60s. None of us we we didn't most of us didn't see these great things that had happened. But these stories like those stones that were piled up at Gilgal, these stories have come down through the ages and they mean something to us. They're an encouragement to us. I was in Mexico City years a few years ago and we went to the place where brother Brandham had the meetings, the great Mexico City meetings. Remember when the when the little baby was raised from the dead? When when the uh the the Mexican girl came up, she was saying, "Padre, Padre," and she brings her baby that died that morning and and that baby was rose from the dead. There was an old man that was showing us this place and it's a hospital now, but back when brother Brandham was here, it was a bull ring and he said that when they had these meetings, they had a big search light. You know, I don't know. When we were kids, Brother Reggie, the the um they used to have the search lights that would go up and they'd shoot way up in the air and what they did in Mexico City when you saw that search light, you'd follow this light and you'd come and there was something big going on. So this this man told me, he says, "So they had that search light. So people started coming and they started coming and hearing brother Brandham. He said, "I was there." He said, "I saw that blind man receive his sight." He said, "I was there." And he said, the the fame just went out throughout Mexico City. And he said, "Brother Brandham left and people were still coming to that place to be healed." And when they when they arrived, they got there and they said, "Well, where's the where's the prophet? We want we need to be healed." And they said, 'Well, he's left. He's gone. And many of them said, "Where did he stand? Let me just stand where he stood." Now, this is a brother that was there. So, the people came and they stood in the same place that the prophet stood and they were healed because of their faith. A stone that was laid down to pass down through the generations. A testimony. What What about these things? There was many of you know that my um my family, my grandpa Evans was close with brother Brandham and you know the story of the car that was stolen that he he had his car stolen. They got a ride to brother Brham's house and the car was stolen in Louisville. Many of you probably been to Jeffersonville. Louisville is on the south side of the Ohio River, giant river. They were in Louisville. They were eating. Someone stole their car. took off. They got a ride with someone to Brother Brandham's house. Brother Brandham got them together and I believe it was his den room. The family, my dad was there, uh my grandpa obviously, my aunts, my other uncle, they were they knelt down and brother Brandham prayed and he asked that the Lord would send an angel to bring this car back. Had all their luggage, they were traveling, had everything in the car. So, Brother Brandham, they got up and Brother Bram said, 'Well, let's uh let's let's give him time to bring it back. He says, 'You all take my car. And and uh and and you know, you enjoy with your family. He said, "Take my car." And um they were driving and they were driving in Jeffersonville, not in Louisville. The car was stolen in Louisville, but they were driving in Jeffersonville. and they were driving. There's a there's a hospital there at 10th and 10th Street and the freeway um Clark Memorial Hospital behind there a few blocks there's a road that goes underneath Highway 65. They were driving there and my dad looked and he said, "There's our car parked at the corner right out in the open all by itself in in just a dirt area." And he says, "There's our car. The thief, not only did he steal it and not take anything, but he didn't bring it back to the place that he stole it from in Louisville. They would have never found it. He brought it back to Jeffersonville. And they drove right by it and dad saw it and they got their car back. Another stone that is piled up that we can re refer back to these things. And remember my grandpa Wheeler, my I have uh my grandpa Evans on one side, my dad's side, my grandpa Wheeler on the other side. He was a deacon in Brother Bram's church. He um he was sick. He was deathly sick with um intestinal problems. He had what's called colitis. And um he had never met Brother Brandham before, but he heard that Brother Brandham was going to be my grandpa was from New Albany, which was right next to Jeffersonville. He had heard brother Brandham was going to be in a place called Actton, Kentucky. That's um down where uh Brother Cox lived and down um where the little sunfish was was was giving back its life down in that area. They uh they were having meetings at Acting Campground. My grandpa went down there and this is on tape and I forgot which tape, but you can search Wheeler and uh and see. said, "Brother, my grandpa got in the prayer line. Never met Brother Brandham." And again, I you can search it, Brother Ed Reggie. It's on tape. And he says, "Your name is Wheeler." And I think he told where he where he was from, told him what was wrong with him. And that day, my grandpa went went back to New Albany, Indiana perfectly well. 100% healed and never struggled with it again. Another testimony like is when Joshua would laid these stones at Gilgal, he said, "Bring your children back and tell them these stories. Tell them what had God has done." I could go on for a long time, but I won't. Both of my grandpas were with brother Brandham in Colorado when when the storm was spoken away. Both of them were there and my uncle was there too. Um it would take me all take me too long to go through these stories to lay all these these stones, these piles of stones down, but Joshua brought the people over Jordan. They conquered Jericho. They they laid these stones at Gilgal and then they started rolling through these enemies, rolling through these Anakins, rolling through all of the bad guys. Five years later, they get to Gilgal again and Caleb was there and he sees this mountain that was that was given to the tribe of Judah. And this mountain was crawling with giants. This was a stronghold. There was there was no way to conquer this place. But Caleb in his spirit, he he remembered all of these things that were done. He goes to Joshua at this place called Gilgal. Maybe he saw those stones piled up there and he remembered what God had done. He had hope. He knew that God was able to do anything. He knew he went over. He went through the Red Sea and he was leading a generation that they may not have gone but they had the same faith that Caleb did and they had hope. They had hope that God was able to do anything. There was a uh there was a study done back in the 1950s and uh there there's a man from Harvard University. His name is Dr. Kurt Richter. He was a uh brother Aaron's probably googling that right now as as I'm speaking. He's going to do some factchecking maybe, but uh he was from Harvard University and he did an experiment on both domestic and wild rats and he took I don't know what his sample set was, but he had he had all these rats and he took them and he placed each rat in a bucket of water and he wanted to see how long till these rats drowned. It was a it was a bit of a a um morbid um experiment, I guess. I don't know what he was trying to prove, but he uh and and these rats, they would swim around for a few minutes, up to 15 minutes, and they drown and they'd sink. And he says, "Okay." So then he gets his next set of rats and he puts them in the water and they swam around for a few minutes up to 15 minutes. And as they started to sink, he grabbed them and he pulled them out of the water and he set them and let them dry, let them get their composure back. And then he took the rats and he placed them back in the water and he let them swim around. And they swim and they they they they kept swimming and they kept swimming. The first group lasted how long? Do you remember? 15 minutes was the most. Guess how long the second batch lasted? 60 hours. And he says this, here's a direct quote from it. He says, he said, Richtor recorded in his notes, after elimination of hopelessness, the rats do not die. So, what's the difference between the first set of rats that drowned and the second set of rats that didn't drown? They had the hope of being pulled out. And they remembered, and even a rat could remember that some hand was able to pull them out of the water and save them. How many people have witnessed that hand before in our lives? And he is still able today. And I can think of Joshua with that hope in his mind. He had no he seen what God had done for him. And Joshua and then Caleb comes to Joshua and he says, "I want that mountain. It was given to me." Give it to me. Joshua gives him the mountain. Caleb goes up and he rolls through these giants. He was 85 years old. And uh let's uh let's read it. Let's read that story. Joshua chapter 14 verse 10. It's worth reading. It's it's a tremendous story. So there here at Gilgal and Caleb says to Joshua, he says this. And now behold the Lord hath kept me alive as he said these 40 and five years since Kadesh Barnea. Remember he was not it stuck with him 45 years later. It was still fresh in his mind that that failure at Kadesh Barnea. Even since the Lord spake this word to Moses while the children of Israel wandered in the wilderness. And now lo, I am this day four score and five years old. Yet I am as strong this day as I was in the day that Moses sent me. As my strength was then, even so is my strength now for war, both to go out and to come in. He's an old man. I don't necessarily think that his body at 85 years old was as good as it was at 40. But Josh, but Caleb did not care. He knew who was with him. He knew where his strength was. And he was as strong at 85 years old as he had ever been. Now therefore, give me this mountain. Wherefore the Lord spake in that day, for thou heardest in that day, how the Anakims were there, and that the cities were great and fenced, if so be, the Lord will be with me. Then I shall be able to drive them out as the Lord said. And he did it. He conquered everyone out there. Remember Ephesians 6:12, for we wrestle not against principalities, you know, we are more than able to do this. And then 1500 years later, there was a man that faced the worst giants that have ever been faced. And friends, we face those giants. We um we think of Joshua and Caleb going over and we we think of Caleb battling these giants and we see the attitude that he had and the faith that he had. Let me tell you something. I believe this with all my heart. He had it easier than we have it. Our giants are much greater than his. And our giants are right here. And many times we invite these giants into our lives and they're more than willing to come in. You know, if you have if it's a sickness, if it's if it's some sort of a of a situation that you had no control over, that's not that's not a giant that you bring in. You didn't have anything to do with that. That's God's that's God's responsibility. Just put it put it with him and say, "Lord, I didn't bring this on myself. This came this is your battle." Yes. and he'll he'll take that battle. He'll take every battle. But here in this New Testament, these are giants often that we bring in upon ourselves and they are spirits, spiritual powers in these high places. We see Jesus in Matthew chapter 4. Jesus had been baptized. He had fasted for 40 days and he goes into the wilderness to battle these giants. Remember Jesus was a man. One of the key phrases in the Bible is Jesus was God made flesh. Don't forget the flesh part. We all know the God part, but don't forget the flesh part. He was a flesh and blood man just like you and I are. He had the same temptations. He had the same sicknesses. He had all that we have. Yet unlike us, he never failed. He never gave in to these. And he was our example. So he goes into the wilderness weakened. Matthew chapter 4, I'll read it. Then Jesus was led up of the spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil. And when he had fasted 40 days and 40 nights, he was afterward hungered. And when the tempter came in, he said, "If thou be the son of God, command that these stones be made bread. If you're the son of God, show me how great you are. You know, you're so powerful. Let me see it. Let me see. let me see you do these things. If you're a real Christian, show me, you know, and we could get worked up and we could we could we could get worked up in in our own emotions and then we may say something maybe that's not right. We may get worked up and prophesy something that's not from God. And here's the devil and he's trying to get the son of God to do this. Jesus answered and said, "It is written, and man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God." Then the devil taketh him up into the holy city, and setth him on a pinnacle of the temple. And he said unto him, If thou be the son of God, cast thyself down. For it is written, he shall give angels charge concerning thee and their hands, and in their hands they shall bear thee up, lest at any time thou dash thy foot against the stone. Maybe it's depression's working on it. Maybe it was anxiety. Maybe he was it was his self-esteem saying, "Am I really important? Am I really remember these thoughts? He overcame them. That's how we can touch Jesus because he knows how it feels. Or maybe he got so spiritual says, "I could do anything. I'll just jump off this this building." Jesus said unto him, "It is written again, thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God." And again the devil taketh them up to into an exceeding high mountain, and showeth him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them, and saith unto him, All these things will I give thee, if thou will fall down and worship me. greed. If you will just give in a little bit to the world. If you'll just lie a little bit, I'll give you money. I'll make your business successful. I'll give it to you. If you'll just conform to this world's way of doing things, then you can have everything. Then saith Jesus unto him, Get thee hint, Satan, for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and him only thou shalt serve. Then the devil leaveth him, and behold, the angels came and ministered to him. And Jesus, he came back out of the wilderness, and he started going from village to village, from house to house, and he started preaching the gospel. He started preaching repentance. He started doing miracles. He was building. He was building a ministry. And he was preparing. And all of this was coming to this first public sermon that he was going to have. And it's a famous sermon. It's called the sermon on the mount. Tremendous sermon. And and Jesus, he he built this ministry and he got everything ready. And then maybe you and I would have think, "Oh, well, he's he's going to preach on the seals or he's going to preach on some great new revelation. He's going to preach on something that that is going to just completely change everything." And he did preach on that, but it wasn't like they thought it was going to be. It was Matthew chapter 5. He starts with the biatitudes. I don't have time to go through it, but let's start with verse 20. Now, remember, he's talking with these Pharisees and Sadducees and he's talking with the common people. There's this mixed group in the audience and they were used to doing things a certain way and he was bringing something that they had never heard before. It's something that was so simple. It was simple to us, but they would have never thought that a man would say something like this. Verse 20, chapter 5, it says, "For I say unto you that except your righteousness ex shall exceed the righteousness of of the scribes and Pharisees, you shall in no case enter into the kingdom of heaven." These preachers lived a p pious life that was untouchable. And yet Jesus is saying, "Your righteousness has to exceed their righteousness to make it." He's starting to raise the bar here. And he says this, "You have said, you have heard that it was said of them of old time, thou shalt not kill. And who whoever shall kill shall be in the danger of judgment." They knew this. They were living according to this. But I say unto you that whosoever is angry with angry with his brother without a cause shall be in danger of the judgment. And whosoever shall say to his brother Raqqa shall be in danger of the council. That word raqa is an insult. It's like thou fool. You're worthless. Shall be in danger of the council. But whosoever shall say thou fool shall be in danger of hell fire. Not murdering. But if you just insult your brother, insult your sister, you just say one off word and now you're in danger of hell. Friends, we don't think I don't know if we take this word seriously enough. These are the words of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. And he came here and he said that if you just insult someone, you're walking the line. You're in danger of hell just doing that. how we should raise this bar in our life. I uh I'm going to tell on brother Aaron. I um Aaron's dear to me. He he's he's a good friend and um there was there were some things that were said about me a little while ago. It um they ended up nothing being true, but they had quoted Brother Aaron and he didn't say it. And it was it was kind of a it it was a little bit of a mess. So, I called brother Aaron and um I said, "Hey, you know, this this was said and brother Aaron um we got we got that squared out, but um I had said something that I shouldn't have have said. I didn't say I wasn't saying something that that wasn't true. I I wasn't spreading a rumor or anything like that, but I had given my opinion on something." And brother Aaron asked me, he said, "Did did you say um this certain thing?" I won't tell you what it was, but I didn't think it was a big deal. And uh I said, "Well, yeah." And he said, "Brother Dan," he says, "Uh, you need to be careful what you say. Give me good correction." And I'll tell you what, I needed it. It was something. It wasn't I'm entitled to my opinion, right? Well, you are. You know, we we have we're Americans. We're entitled to say what we think. We we can never say something wrong or lie about someone, but we should be able to give our opinion on things, right? No. No. Not if you're a Christian. There'll be a time that you make a stand. And when you make that stand, it's not going to be the easier thing, which is giving your opinion. It's going to be the harder thing to make that stand. Brother Aaron gave me some good advice, some good correction there and uh and I took it and appreciated it. Verse 23, therefore, if thou bring thy gift to the altar, and there rememberest that thy brother hath ought against thee. Now, it doesn't say that if someone did something wrong to you, if you did wrong to them. It just says if he has some sort of ought against you, leave there thy gift before the altar and go thy way and first be reconciled to thy brother and then come and offer thy gift. What if we would actually practice that? What if actually we would practice it that if if we heard somebody had said something against us or we said something against someone or if there was a perception there that we would go to that person and make it right. It's coming that time. It's going to have to come to that time and we're going to be here. We're going to die just like they did in the wilderness. But I think that it's coming. I pray that it is and I pray that I'm part of it. I was uh and then so often I hear the excuse, well, they weren't believers. Doesn't matter where you are. And how how can we tell if if this person's a believer or not? Daniel and I were in Walmart a while ago and and we were looking at the fishing stuff and and um Daniel I I can I don't notice anything but Daniel my son's observant and as I was looking at the fishing thing there was this guy that walked up. He was in leather with the big boots, tattoos all over, a big beard. He was the prototypical biker. Rough looking guy. Just as rough as you can be. and and I'm looking at at the the fishing gear and Daniel told me he walked up to me behind me, he looked at me and then he walked away to the end of the aisle and then he came back and I'm still looking at the fishing stuff and he says uh he tells me he says the pumpkin seed color are good for bass. He says I really like that. He says he says they re they really do well. Um the bass love them and he said my wife just left me. He said, "And he took and she took my son and I don't know what to do. I would have judged that man." He didn't look the part, but just this big old guy. And he was afraid. And I I asked him, I said, "Brother, do you know the Lord?" He says, "No." He says he says, "I need to know him." He says, "I've heard some stuff." He says, "Some Jehovah witnesses came by my house, but I didn't understand." And we had a meeting right there in Walmart in the fishing gear. But my point in saying that is we can never judge who is who. We don't know. This man I believe to be a son of God. And I uh I wonder I think one day I'll see him. And I wonder what our testimony meant that day but he with with that man. Verse number 25. Agree with thine adversary quickly, while thou while thoust are in the way, lest at any time the adversary deliver thee to the judge, and the judge deliver thee the officer, and be cast into prison. Verily, I say unto thee, Thou shalt by no means come out hence, till thou hast paid the uttermost faring. Ye have heard that it was said by them of old time, thou shalt not commit adultery. But I say unto you that whosoever lookth upon look on a woman to lust after her has committed adultery with her already in his heart. Now watch the seriousness of Jesus. And if thy right eye offend thee, offend means cause you to sin. If thy right eye offend thee, pluck it out and cast it from thee. For it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell. What an opening sermon our Lord Jesus has here. And if thy right hand offend thee, cut it off and cast it from thee. For it is profitable for thee that one of thy members should perish, and not that thy whole body should be cast into hell. Jesus means business. These are small things that the world may see, but Jesus is even these small things can send you to hell. He's not saying that these these ones that cheat on their wives or on their husbands. He's saying that if you just want to if you just want to do it, if you just have that desire to do it, that you're in danger of hell. You have heard it heard that it has been said, an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth. But I say unto you that ye resist not evil. But whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also. These are the very basics of Christianity. But how much how many times do we do we practice this? Tell a story of my wife. We um I uh I drink I like Coke Zero and uh I uh I I drink half my Coke Zero, you know, and I didn't want to drink the whole thing. I didn't want to pound the whole thing down. So, I would just drink h drink half of it and I would put the put it back in the refrigerator to keep it cold, keep the fizz there. So, then in an hour or so, I'm going to go finish it. So, inevitably, I'd get back and I'd open the refrigerator and I'd get my Coke Zero and it's gone and she'd drink it. And it happened over and over and over again. And I said, "I got to put a stop to this." So, I took the Coke Zero, I drank the whole thing, and I poured it half full of milk and I put it back in the refrigerator and I closed it. My wife learned a valuable lesson that day. She'll never forget that. And from that time, I'd go and I'd open the door and I'd get my Coke Zero. It'd be half full. And I drank everything from Tabasco sauce to buttermilk to vinegar to salt water in my It didn't do any good. It didn't do any good to have that battle. And I I say it lighthearted, but we battle each other. And friends, even if we're right, and my wife is right, but even if we're right, don't do it. Don't Don't fight Don't fight these battles. Where was I? Um, verse 40. And if any man will sue thee at the law, and take away thy coat, let him have thy cloak also. And whosoever shall compare thee to go a mile, go with him twain. Give to him that askketh thee, and from him that would borrow of thee, turn not thou away. Thou thou ye have heard that it has been said, thou shalt love thy neighbor and hate thine enemy. Listen to this. They never heard anything like this. But I say unto you, love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you, that you may be the children of your father which is in heaven. For he maketh the son, his son, to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust. Just because you're blessed doesn't mean you're in God's will, right? You know, if you have a garden and you plant your tomatoes and your peppers and those things that you plant and the rain comes down, it waters them, but it also waters the weeds. It waters the good seed and it waters the bad seed. For if you love them which love you, what reward have you? Do not even the publicans the same? These publicans were bad guys. They were tax collectors. And I know that that uh we think that the tax collectors back then are bad, but they're worse than maybe that you thought. These tax collectors, they would they would come and they would collect the taxes for the people. The the people may have owed $1,000 on their taxes to Rome. So this tax collector would come come down and he would look at his ledger, $1,000. He said he would say, "That'll be $1,500." Wait a minute. Um, yeah, I only owe $1,000 and my tax is Yeah, it's $1,500. I'm not going to pay it. Okay, Brutus the Roman, go and take this guy's donkey or his ax for this extra $500. That's what attacks and these were Jews, their own people, selling their own people out. So, they were not good people. So, when you see publicans here now, you know that that these were hated people. And Jesus says this, "Be therefore perfect as your father which is in heaven is perfect." Can you be perfect? We can be perfect through Christ. But the Bible also says that all have sinned and come short of the glory of God. And we we so we can't but we can try. Matthew 5:6 it says, "Blessed are they that which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled." When I was a 20 years ago, and I'm not advocating watching any kind of movies or anything like that, but I saw a movie years ago, and it was it was a Mel Gibson. It was called The Patriot, and he had his ch his his boys there. the the um it was a Civil War movie and they um they had killed one of his sons. So he had his two other sons and they were going to battle. They're going to ambush this Roman garrison, not Roman garrison, this uh English garrison. And he gets the young men there and he says, "Do you remember what I taught you about shooting?" And they said this. They said, "Aim small, miss small. And I thought when I heard that, I thought that's right. That's the truth. And that's how a Christian should be. When I'm when I when I shoot my bow and I'm shooting, I'm not shooting at the target. I'm shooting at a very small place on the target. And that's how we should be as Christians. We don't want to miss the whole target. We want to aim very small as we're going through this life. and and when any little thing comes up, we want to take care of it. Right? Man, Daniel and I were out. We were out uh um I know a lot of people don't like golfing and and I don't think that you could call what what we do golfing, but uh but we were out there and and um we're in the cart and and uh my son, he um it's not cheating, you know, but but uh he'll go in and he'll say he'll say, "Dad, you know, I I didn't count that stroke because, you know, I come some excuse." And I'll say, "Okay." and I'll I'll absolve his sins and and then we won't we won't put it on the scorecard and and and we just we keep going on to the next hole. Um but uh what happened the other day is we were out there and I appreciate the time with my son. You know, it's it's time that he and I can get out and and talk about things and we can enjoy each other's fellowship and and um you know, we love our children and we don't ever want to take it for granted the time that we can spend with them. So, we're in the golf cart and go out to hit a ball and this ball lands dunk right there. And uh Daniel's like, "That guy's, you know, he's hitting the ball in on us and he should know better than that." And uh you know, I'm gonna I'm gonna go if he doesn't get I'm gonna take his ball. I was like, "All right, buddy." You know, and and I said, "Daniel, um we're Christians." And he says, "Yeah, but he hit his ball over and that almost hit his dad." He said, "We can't let him do that." And I was like, "Buddy, we're Christians. We can't we can't live our lives like that. What good would it do if you take his ball?" It'd be an argument, be a fight, it wouldn't do any good. But if a Christian acts in love, and if a Christian is is able to to say, you know, it's it's okay. I'm not I'm going to let it go. That's how we should live. Whether it be on the road or wherever we are, we think we we're always thinking of this this great thing that's going to happen. We're always thinking of, well, the Lord's going to bring this squeeze on, then we're all going to get right. Friends, if he brings that squeeze on and you're not right, you're going to miss it. We need to get right now. We've heard so many different interpretations of the squeeze. You know, you've heard about it. Brother Brandon mentions the squeeze a couple times. We don't really know what it's going to be. I believe that we'll know it when it comes. But when uh when you have a piece of fruit and you squeeze it, when you have a lemon and you squeeze it, what comes out? Lemon juice. Right? When you have an orange and you squeeze it, what comes out? Orange juice. So friends, what's inside of us when we get squeezed? What's going to come out? What's going to come out is what's on the inside. And the inside better be right when that time comes. So when we're squeezed, love comes out. Servitude comes out. Yes, sir. I had I had a I have a friend, his name's um his name's Daniel Martinez. He's he's a um he's a a minister brother in in Mexico. And um he uh we went hunting and he's he's kind of out of shape and and uh we we were going to go up this mountain and and I said, you know, that's where we need to go up in glass and first thing he says is I can't make it. He says, "It's too far." I said, "Brother Daniel, you know, it's it's not that far. It's maybe a quarter mile, you know, up there. Half mile, not even a half mile up there." I said, "Well, we can just get up there." And he says he says, "No." He says, "I can't do it." And I said, "Well, how about if we just go up to this hill right here?" And he says, "Okay, I can make it up to there." So, we get up to there and we sit down and uh then I said, "Well, how about we go to this next hill?" He says, "Well, I can make it to there." And then we get to the next hill. And then I said, "Well, how about this one?" And pretty soon we're on the spot. And sometimes we need each other to help us through and say, "Well, we may not be able to live this Matthew chapter 5 right now, but let's take a step forward." Amen. Let's take a step forward. Let's serve each other and help each other on the way. I have uh I have a lot more scriptures here and I I don't um I'm not going to get to them all, but um Peter says this in Matthew chapter 18. He says ma chapter 18 verse1 15 he says this. He says, "Moreover," Jesus says, "If thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and tell him his faults between thee and him alone. And if he shall hear thee, thouast gain thy brother, not tell your wife, not tell your friends, not tell anyone, but if someone trespasses against us, go to that brother alone and tell him." Verse 21. Then Peter came to him and said, 'Lord, how often shall my brother sin against me? And I forgive him till seven times. Jesus said unto him, I say not to these seven times, but until 70* seven. When I I brought these scriptures in at the beginning with Joshua and with Caleb and how they fought these giants and how now these giants are presented to us every day. These giants are before us. And and like I said, the sicknesses and those things, those aren't our battle. We didn't bring those on ourselves. But these problems between each of us and and arguing and and and I see sometimes in the churches, I see, well, this person went from this church and went over to this church, so they want to blame somebody for that. What about that soul, right, that went from this church to this church? Does that person not matter? What about that soul, right? What about that person that says, "Well, I feel better here and I can worship better here." Are we not together? We should be. We should be together and worried about the souls and not about our own good. And then we will be able to cross over Jordan like Caleb did and move forward. 1 Corinthians chapter 13:10 says this. It says, "But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away." When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child. I thought as a child. But when I became a man, I put away childish things. 1 Corinthians chapter 13, as you all know, he's talking about love and he's talking about how that we should raise that bar and the capstone is not maybe all the understanding that we have or all the revelation that we have, but it's love. It's loving one another and then everything will be okay. Again, blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. And friends, that's what we need. We need to hunger and thirst after that that perfect, that perfection, that righteousness. Aim at a small target. Don't let these these evil things come in this fighting come in. And whether it's between brethren, between churches, or between the cashier at Walmart or the guy in the golf course, don't let it come in. Because as Jesus said in Matthew chapter 5, we put ourselves in danger of hell itself. So be very very careful. And I look at that group that saw those miracles that saw those great things in Exodus and Numbers and and and and the the the first five books of the Bible. And yet they complained. And God wiped the slate clean. But then there rose up a new generation. And that new generation loved the Lord. They love the words of the prophet. And they were not going to partake in these old things that had happened before. They were not going to do it. And friends, we can be that generation. We should be. I believe that we are. Amen. But we cannot we have to live the life. We have to say God is able and we have to move forward and not get caught up in these things of the world. The very powerful words of Jesus there in matthew chapter 5 says if you do these little things that you put yourself in danger of hell. That's how important it is. And friends, I want to be there. I want to be part of that generation. Brother Reggie, I want to see the coming of the Lord with all of my heart. I want to I want to be part of that and I believe that we will be. We need to do something. It's it's up to us if we're going to believe this message. Let's stand, brother, if you'd uh prayer to come. Let's bow our heads. Friends, as we as we think on these things, as we think on the words of our Lord Jesus, we think about these everyday trials, these everyday giants that come before us. And we think about our weaknesses. We think about how great sometimes these things are. But let's step forward. Let's move forward. And let's be as it says in this Matthew chapter 5, a light of the world. Our Lord Jesus, mighty God, we love you and we thank you Lord for for the eternal words that that we can live our lives by the guidance that we have of our Lord Jesus. And father, we thank you that that you set a standard that you brought sent a prophet in our day. And Lord, he preached a message that brought us out of these denominations. And Lord, that it has come to this day that we have had time to digest this message. And Lord, may it become real in our lives. Father, may may we step forward. May we move forward as those ones with with Joshua and Caleb, that next generation, Father. May we move forward with the word. Lord, we love you and pray that your spirit, Father, would have preeminence in our lives. Thank you, Father, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, my friends. And um I pray that something that I said has been a blessing to you. And remember that each of us, God is dealing with the individual. Before it was a group of people and now since the day of Pentecost, since the New Testament, God has entered into the individual. And we all have a work to do. We all have a part to play. And I pray that each one of us can find our place in God's economy. that we can be part of this great work, the finishing up of it that was started a few decades ago and now is finishing and and uh I want to be part of it. God bless you all my brother.
