################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-04-16 - 01 Perfecting Love - Perfect.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-04-16
Title:   01 Perfecting Love
Speaker: Perfect
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9fc6yYfEt8
========================================

Description:
01 Perfecting Love
Perfect Love Series
Sunday Service: April 16, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Now on the subject of perfect love, this is going to be a few things at the outset and then I'll give you my title um after a little bit. But on the subject of perfect love, uh you all know already that it's vast. That if we were to take a subject and begin to teach on it or preach on it and preach inspirationally, you just take the subject of love and you can take it all the way from Genesis to Revelation, you'll find enough material. You'll find plenty of quotations. There's a lot of uh experiences that one could share. is just the the subject matter is vast and not only is it vast and just replete through the scripture and very deep in the message of God and a lot of very uh particular aspects maybe to the end time and the message of the hour that are beautiful to bring out. I will say that understanding God's love is critical very critical to understand his love and if I could say to this end I'm trying to maybe avoid some of the parts that deal with the misunderstanding. It's also very easy to misunderstand it. And so we must know his love. We must understand his love. We know that nothing but perfect love is going to be in that uh in that rapture. So there's a lot of lot of things that weigh heavy on us when we consider this subject. And and so there's I don't think I need to give too much emphasis at the outset just how important God's love is or how important perfect love is. And God has dealt with me very deeply and it's been something I've been studying over some time now to minister on many subjects under this banner of perfect love. And and I think it's a broad general subject. And I also in some ways as I go forward kind of want to be able to bring out how there's a lot of ways that we think about love where we've just kind of pushed it into a hole and said this is it. This is all that it is. not realizing there's a lot more to it even in a negative side because the Bible uses love in a way that isn't good and even uses the same Greek words for it. So sometimes we could just be so summarily this is all that it is and this is what agape is and this is all that this is and we want to look at it in a very broad way and then narrow it down to maybe some specific things. And so for some time as the Lord would lead, we want to be ministering on this subject of perfect love. But then very specific things underneath that umbrella or that banner of perfect love. In 1 Corinthians chapter 13 verse 13, I know this may come as a surprise that we would quote from this chapter when preaching on love. And without reading the whole thing, I want to look at this scripture here to start. It says, "And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three, but the greatest of these is charity. Uh, say amen. If the greatest of these is charity, okay, so I they they didn't pack the amens up and misplace them during the move. It says, "Now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three, but the greatest of these is charity." Now, when Paul says this, I think this is a very striking scripture. I don't know if you've already fully processed this, digested, completely understand it frontwards and backwards and inside out, but to say that their faith, hope, and charity, these three now abide, but the greatest is charity. There's a lot that's said in that. And what he's saying is that right now now abideth right here on earth. And this is very this helped me understand this so much better. Right now we have faith, hope, and charity. Those are that's what abides now. Uh these three are here on earth. These three are with us now. We need these three now. He says, "But the greatest of these is charity." And the word charity that is used there is the noun agape. It's translated to love. It's translated to charity. It's translated even used just as deer uh in the scripture. D A R not to get the hunting brothers excited but it's translated that way. This word agape it's charity and it means simply means brotherly love. It means affection, goodwill, love, a benevolence. Even that word is conjugated to be beloved. And so it's something that just speaks of a good feeling towards I don't want to just emphasize maybe feeling so much but an affection, a good will, a a love, a benevolence towards somebody. And that would be the noun charity. It just speaks of something that it is. It is it's brotherly affection and goodwill. Love and benevolence. That's the agape. You'll find other places that the verb form of agape and agape oh it is it's translated to love. It's translated to beloved. It means to welcome someone, to entertain, to be fond of or to love dearly. And it speaks more of a verb and that there's some action or something overt about the love. Uh where uh if I can maybe use it this way, and I didn't premeditate this, so it might be a bad example. Uh that the the verb is expressing something that love is being expressed. So it carries some action with it. Whereas somebody say I I love them and it speaks of something that's inward. And so I could tell you that I'm really really happy right now and and that would be just a state of a of agape or happiness. But then to have the verb then that you I could be acting happy and I could be smiling and everybody would say he's not an angry preacher anymore and and that would be something demonstrative that would indicate that love is just not a state but it's an acti activity. And so, as I've studied this more over the last three months, I feel that I may owe DC Talk an apology because I've always made fun of their love is a verb song and realizing that love is not just a verb. But yeah, maybe there's some truth to that. So, whatever the MC name is, I apologize. Is it Toby Mack who wrote it? I don't know. But, uh, love does have an active active to it and it is used as a verb in scripture. Now, to say now abideth faith, hope, and charity, but the greatest of these is charity. We know that without faith it is impossible to please God. So the Bible say without faith it is impossible to please God but charity is greater than faith. We know that without hope it's impossible to endure. So if we took scriptures and shows just how not the enemy of faith but the truth of faith and hope working together that both uh faith gives uh hope to us because we're expecting something and without that hope you can't be patient. You can't endure. You cannot receive the promise. just to see where faith and hope fit in terms of the emphasis in the scripture. And then for the Bible to say, "But charity is greater." Somehow love, agape, is greater than faith and hope. And there are things that are said about charity. There are things that are said about love that are ne never said about faith and hope. In 1 John 4:8, it says, "He that loveth knoweth not God." But this is the part I want you to just keep in mind. For God is love. So there's things that are said about love, about this agape that he does not say, the Bible does not say about faith and hope. And so this gives us some pause to say that we know how important faith is because without it, we can't know God. We can't please God. We know how important hope is because without it, we can't receive the promises. But why is charity greater? And we realize that God equates himself with charity by saying God is love. Right. But could I ask the question, can we invert that if God is love is all love God? Something to think about. Faith and hope then as we consider that and address this at the outset. Faith and hope abide here now together with charity. And faith and hope are necessary to bring us back into fellowship with God. I've kind of moved some things looking at it now and I realize I've moved some things to for maybe next Sunday, but they're necessary to bring us back into fellowship. and relationship with God here. Now, without faith, you can't be in fellowship with God. Without hope, you don't have the endurance to enjoy your communion with God. But when we speak of love, love is therefore characterizing a different state, a state of innocence, a state of harmony, a state of perfection in God. that if we have faith and hope to be in fellowship with God and God is love. Then I think just even in that thought process we could realize that faith and hope are necessary but they bring us to a greater state of of harmony with God which is characterized as love. The Bible says in 1 Corinthians chapter 13 verse 10, "But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away." And so he's describing this uh I'll come to it here in a moment at the end of uh the next verse that we read he's describing a greater way a better way of love. It's a uh uh and as he's describing and in the verses preceding this he's talking about love he's talking about love and then he speaks of a perfect condition a perfect state we know in part. We prophesy in part but when that which is perfect is come. And so what he's doing is he's bringing love and perfection into the same conversation. And if I could say this just to get your your thoughts uh maybe sync your thoughts with mine and what I'm looking at. Paul says, "Now here on earth abides faith, hope, and charity, but charity is the greatest of these." And he says when that and then there's this thought that when that which is perfect is come, all the parts are kind of summed up into the whole in heaven. Let me say this that love is going to be the sum of all perfection. And so in heaven, uh, faith and hope are going to be satisfied in love. Uh, faith what it looks forward to, faith what it speaks of and the substance that it represents, hope and what it's enduring for. That when that which is perfect is come, we don't do away with faith necessarily. We never do away with hope, but they're satisfied or if I can say fused and united together with this condition of perfect love. And therefore you can see that faith and hope are here now abiding now with charity to bring us to that place of perfection. And Paul says in 1 Corinthians 12:31 and kind of hold that in mind how uh Paul is bringing that which is perfect while he's talking about charity together. So I think there's this this relationship between per that which is perfect and charity. Now, in 1 Corinthians 12:31, as he's talking about gifts, he says, "But covet earnestly the be best gifts. This drywall dust is going to make my lisp even worse, and you guys will have a lot of fun little tick- tocks you can create around my lisp, but covet earnestly the best gifts, and yet show I unto you a more excellent way." Love is what then he begins to expound upon. And so love is essential to this chief this more excellent way this chief of excellence way. And he's speaking of love in such a way that it says that yeah desire and covet the best gifts and those things. He's not dismissive of all the gifts but he's saying but I want to show you a more excellent way a more excellent course of conduct. and and catch this that the way that Paul begins to write about it that what he's saying is love is both inspirational and aspirational in that it's not anything that we just necessarily say I got it and it's mine uh but it's something that inspires us but then we also aspire to it that if we have charity a and it's something that's in our hearts we recognize there's something fundamental to that something foundational but it's something that's not only just foundational but it's aspirational because we know that there's more that we can grow into with love because he says, "Not only do I show you a more excellent way and then expounds upon that way in love in chapter 13, but then he says in 1 Corinthians 14:1, follow after charity." This is going to be follow hard after it, pursue it, desire spiritual gifts. He says, "But rather that ye may prophesy." Now here prophesy does not mean to just foretell future events and tell someone or predict something that's going to happen in the future. But to prophesy is to open and apply the word of God. And he's saying that this and this is something that we all must do and desire. We ought to all desire that we could prophesy in that we could understand the word of God and apply it and that that is greater than tongues. Oh, I'm going to scramble here and dig deep into my notes. That would be greater than just speaking in tonesues. Is to understand the word of God and apply it to my life. Understand the word of God and apply it to my life. And if you can do that with while speaking in tonesues, fantastic. But the best thing that we could do is to hear to recognize and hear and have an understanding, have a knowledge of and then an adherence to the pure word of God. So he's saying not just have spiritual gifts and not just speak in tongues and not just manifest in the in the operation of gifts but rather prophesy which is to understand the word and make it applicable to yourself. But he says follow after charity. It's it's letting charity be that final aspiration that uh we can have gifts and we can manifest the gifts but I want to uh since it's the greatest as he's already said charity is the greatest make it your chief aim desire to fully possess this love that bears all things believes all things hopes all things desire to have this charity that'll never fail and Paul when he's speaking about charity he he's referring to it as a thing as almost an entity in itself and he uses nothing to say he's He's saying agape. So he could have just said love bears all things and love hopes all things and love endures all things and love thinks no evil and and and he's just speaking of love but it's it speaks of it in such a way to where it seems to be neutral. He's saying oh does that mean my love? Does that what what does this even mean? What does it even represent? And Paul is speaking I believe very particular and precise about God who is love an essential quality of God. He said you should desire this. So love should be and bear with me. This has been uh this has been very instructive for me because I I have somewhat of a complex against how love is preached and and how we could just turn love into something that it's not. Uh I preached a sermon one time called love is not what you think it is. And so I might end up repreaching that just to you know maybe catharsis for me after I preach these things. But love should be our supreme pursuit. And and and and I know there's a part of the my carnal nature that when it says that it wrestles with all the different places somebody could go with that, but I feel comfortable in saying that if God is love, then that should be our supreme pursuit. We should pursue this as Paul is saying, we should pursue after this thing, this charity that exceeds all other gifts. And so that's this love he's talking about. Now in 1 John 4:18, and this will kind of be the our turning point where we begin to turn towards our subject today, our specific title today. We've read this already. It says, "There is no fear in love, but perfect love casteth out fear." And then he gives us tremendous uh meat to chew on because fear hath torment. and saying, "Yeah, where where how could there be perfect love and there still be this existing torment?" So, he says, "He that fearth is not made perfect in love." This is the only place that I could find the phrase perfect love used in the New Testament. Uh there's a lot of different ways that love is translated and connected back to the Greek through the Hebrew and the Old Testament. Even in that I couldn't find anything that expresses this precisely this perfect love. This tellios which is a full age and maturity full and complete and agape which is love and charity. This full charity this full mature love. This is the only place that this phrase perfect love is used. And now perfect love as we've already said before is a vast subject and it's a fascinating subject to study. And I know already that I could take any one of you out to lunch today and fellowship on the subject of perfect love. And from the youngest to the oldest and even newcomers, they could find scriptures and things that they have been taught from the word of God and many statements from the message of the hour that could add to our our knowledge base of what we know about perfect love. And it's easy maybe to recite a lot of definitive statements about perfect love. And we know this is perfect love. And perfect love casteth out fear. And if you have fear, you don't have perfect love. And there's a lot of things that we could say that we feel is, hey, this is black and white. This is what brother Brandham said. But, you know, I'll say this. It's easy to remember those sayings and and quote the scriptures and even recite Brother Brandham, but much harder to grasp when you begin to contemplate fully what the Bible means and what it's referring to. And I would say it's elusive both in understanding and in our sense of having it when we really begin to ponder what it is. Say, "Oh, I the Holy Ghost is perfect love. I've got perfect love. I've got the Holy Ghost. I've got perfect love." And then we look at what what perfect love is. And we find ourselves maybe saying, "Well, you know what? It's really easy to say that, but harder to fully appreciate whether or not I have it." That's right. Because perfect love is just it's there's there's something ultimate to it. in Satan's Eden. He's speaking of Adam and the woman. If you want to uh uh even in your own personal devotion and study, begin to consider some of these things at the beginning. I uh I want I'd like to pick up on the subject very soon. He says they were wholly veiled. They were safe in God's pavilion. Now, this is one of the subjects I want to address, safety. He says they were alive. So, now life and safety. They had no death around them. He says, "Hallelujah. They had perfect love one for the other." So now this is a Adam has a perfect love for the woman. The woman has a perfect love for him. And then he says perfect life forever. So there's something about this perfect love that is necessary to perfect life. And you say, "Well, we got that backwards. Perfect life begats perfect love." Fine. However you want to put it. There there there's a co there's a mutual dependency upon these conditions of perfect love and perfect life and safety and being alive. He said they had perfect love. And this is a statement that just wows me. perfect understanding of the love of God. So, not only does Adam love his wife perfectly, but the woman loves the Adam perfectly and they have perfect love one for another and that creates some sort of dynamo that creates some sort of power. But now they have a perfect understanding of the love of God. Says they had God's word and kept it. That phrase is not accidental. They have a perfect understanding of the love of God and they're keeping his commandments. He says they were alive. He comes back to it. They were alive and safe in God's Eden with no death at all around them. Perfect love. And this perfect understanding of the love of God made them feel safe. And I if at any time their perfect understanding of the love of God I is clouded then that hinders their sense of safety. It create creates if there is at any point a misunderstanding about God's love in having that sense of feeling safe. Once that's removed, they're exposed to this vulnerability. And in in feeling that vulnerability, uh, because of a misunderstanding of God's love, and I think maybe somebody's just already pulling me into this, and if it's necessary for us to to digest it right now, I could just go right into it. That once you misperceive someone's love and you lose the sense of safety and you feel vulnerability, it makes you reluctant to love to love. It it it makes you suspicious of love. it there it creates a different sense of feeling of oh if this is what love is I don't want it if this is what happens when you love I don't want to do it and so brother Brandham is introducing to us some very powerful principles to understand about what perfect love is and how that god must heal many things in our lives to bring us to that state to where we feel safe and we feel alivemen and so as brother Brandham describes it it's just so fascinating as Paul has said perfect love. It brings the state of perfect love. My title today is perfecting love. And with this, I want to do a foundational review of the love of God. Not a new look in any way at all. This is all going to be so elementary uh to you. You'll wonder what I was doing throughout the week. But it is a fresh look in some ways at perfect love. But I want to call it perfecting love. And let's look again at verse 18 that we just read. There is no fear in love, but perfect love casteth out fear because fear hath torment. He that fearth is not made perfect in love. Are you able to hear me? Okay. Up there in the balcony. Okay, good. Now I believe that it is our instinct when we read this and I imagine some have already kind of engaged on some level with this thought process is that we've looked at it as a formula some sort of mathematic formula there is no fear in love because and perfect love casteth out fear and so if you have fear you don't have love and so we use this scripture if I can say as a litmus test where we have something that can test something and then it once you apply uh apply it to strip or you use the litmus uh to indicate the presence of some chemical once it flashes that color and gives you that signal you're like oh okay this proves uh proves something that's what we use a litmus test for and even just using it by way of analogy I think it's our instinct to create a litmus test from this scripture to determine whether we love God or whether we have love that there's no fear in love but perfect love casteth out fear so we ask ourselves do I have fear do I feel tor tormented at times. Are there times that I'm doubtful and I'm wrestling and I experience uh apprehension and dread and we ask ourselves do I have fear and we say if yes so we say yes then perfect love must be missing that there's must and you say that if I had if I had this perfect love in the way that we like to define it why would I still have fear come on I if this is true in your own life amens might help you break this bad thought process. If it's not true and you believe this, your amens may help somebody else overcome it because somebody may be sitting there saying, "Ah, there's no truth to this." And you're over there saying, "Amen." They're going, "Well, I don't know. Maybe now I'm the only one that's reluctant to this idea." So, your amens mean a lot more than just sick them to the preacher. Could signal to somebody they need to wake up. Wait a minute. Truth is being spoken. Maybe we're using a little peer pressure, a little hive mentality, right? the the power of the crowd when people start amening other people like brother Aaron may have something to say here what do you amen I like that so we have this tendency to use scriptures like this and and many other scriptures to where if it seems to be a very direct if this then that then we just look at it and say oh well if I have uh if I have fear then the Bible's saying that perfect love is cast out fear so then we say I don't have perfect love or he says that uh there's no fear in love. So now where does that put us? There's no fear in love so I don't even have love and then perfect love will cast out this fear. So then perfect love hasn't even been effective on me. And we really don't have any easy out in this scripture except to say you're you ain't kidding. Fear has torment. And then the Bible says in verse 16, if we just drop back a little bit, we have known and believed that love believe the love that God hath to us. God is love. And he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God and God in him. So we have already been doing working the formula. We have already been writing it down. We have known and believed the love that God has to us. So I know it. I believe it. The love that God has to me. God is agape. God is love. And he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God and God in him. So it's almost as if we have been rallied into this state of love is in me. I am in love. Isn't this lovely? Here we all are together in this state of love. And then he says there's no fear in love. And we're like wait a minute there's what now? There's no fear in love. And we say how can I have God then if I fear? How can I have love if I'm fearful at times? How can I put myself in this position? And this is where I'm saying maybe for some of you, you're thinking, man, this is just so elementary. Is brother Aaron really wrestling with these things and maybe we need to pray for him more than ever before. It I think it it's necessary to talk about these things and present things in such a way because I am taking a very complex subject and making as simple as I possibly can for you in a way that you could understand. How then do I have God or am I in God in God in God if I feel this? Why has my faith in God? I have known and believed the love that God has to me. Why has it not purged me of this fear? Why has it not purged me of anxiety and apprehension? Why is it that I could be in a state of torment at any time and sometimes for great lengths of time when I believe that I have the love of God that I am in him? And I think it begs the question and I don't know that it happens to all of us. Maybe our faith is strong and we're just able to rebuke the devil and maybe our understanding is large and we're able to place things where they ought to be as I hope to do today. But we could ask ourselves, do I really love him? Does he love me? What's the where's the crux of the where's where's the leak in this? How are these things seeping in to cause me to feel these things when I can look at the black and white of the scripture and says it says we've known and believe the love of God. And if we love God, we're in God and love is in us. And then it and then there's no fear in love. I I I'm just walking through the breadcrumbs here. And if there's no fear in love and I have fear, then am I not in love and love not in me? Where does it come from? And if I could just say this, and in no way do I want to belittle any of you, but some of us are no better at spiritual math than we are at natural math. And I would say that the carnal mind in general, just to make everybody feel good, is we are the carnal mind is not good at all when it comes to spiritual math just has a way of adding and multiplying and and dividing and subtracting and doing all of it incorrectly. And and what's even more remarkable is the carnal mind is willing to show you the work, right? It's not like they're just cheating and using a calculator and saying, "Oh, well, this is the answer." I mean, they'll walk you through it. Well, you know, God said this and Brother Brandham said that and this happened and that happened and they're pissing it all together and you're like, whoa, whoa. Looks like a conspiracy theory board, right? Looks like Lucas has been whiteboarding for a full week, right? You're like, whoa. All right. And it's and it's overwhelming. Like, man, I just don't even know if your premise is right. Because the carnal mind's not good at math, spiritual math. No offense, brother Preston. He was really good at math. But John, if I could say this now, just take the step forward. John is using love and if I can say love, he's using the noun and the verb love, agape and gapoa in different ways. And I believe it's very important for us to not just take agape and kind of lump it together as an all or nothing thing. That agape is just God's love. and agape is only divine love and recognize that the word love can be used in different context and we can't just take everything that he's saying about love and the love of God as to an all or nothing proposition and so this is a key that I I I think that you've already I've already referenced in reading our text and that you could pick up on if you go back and read these epistles of John reading all three is very good exercise in in in this subject but John is admonishing the believer. And if you look at what he begins with even in the first chapter, it it reads in the first verse, it's almost as if in the beginning was the word when he speaks of we have known the word of life from the beginning. And and he's admonishing a manifestation of the love of God. Because notice the real theme is John the love apostle they might call him. He's not he's not so much dealing and opening up and revealing the love of God as much as he's admonishing the believers who love God to show that love to other people and that he's looking at maybe this this channel this oneway channel and this uh love feast and this charity between the believer and God and he's saying that's wonderful but this relationship if it's real it then begins to work outward and this love affair that you're having with God, this is the kind of that's the love that you want to show to mankind, even if it's against our instinct. So, he's admonishing a manifestation of love. I would even say maybe a greater manifestation of love or a very particular love towards one another and to the brethren. And he's presupposing some fundamental knowledge of love. He's already assuming some fundamental foundation of the word of life. So John is not introducing Christ. He's not introducing Christianity. He's not challenging them in their experience to say, "See, aha, you don't know God." He's dealing with them as if to say that this love affair that you have with God, there's a practical outwork. And if you say there is an agape to your love as a noun, there is an agape verb to that same love. Yes. And so he uses the love of God or the love of the father or even his love as he might refer to it. Um we see his says his love is how he the phrase he uses it can have different meanings. It's making different emphasis. He's making different points and even have different holders of it or origins of it. So here are three different loves that I think we could categorize what we read today into. There is the love that is God and it is an attribute of God and it's that love that is whether it be manifested by him or through his children. There is that love which God is love. There is that charity which is God and essential. It's an attribute and a characteristic of God that we would attribute to God. And that is a love that John is referring to. There's also the love that God shows. So it's not necessarily the love that God is as Paul uses it now. He's using it in the sense of love that God shows or a love that God declares or a love that God manifests. So God John could refer to the love that God has or the love that God is. But now he refers to love in such a way that it's a love that God shows and manifested or it's like love being projected. And and we can all relate to this. They say, "Well, I love my I I I I I love my wife or I am I I have shown love to her." There's different ways that you're speaking in a sense that one speaks of something that is more internal or it is what it is. It's a particular state. But then there's a love which he's speaking about and he's using it in a way to say this is the love that's being projected. This is the love that's being shown. So those are two different ways that John is referring to love agape. But then there's also the love which is to God. Okay. There's a love that is that we would have for God. It's a love which God of which God is the object. So you have the love which is God. You have the love that God shows to an object. Then you have the love that we have that is to God as the object. And guess what? You can say all three of those with the same phrase. The love of God, the love of God, the love of God. And the one is the love which God is. The other is the love that God shows. And the other one's the love that you have for God. And we use the same phrase to describe three different things. Amen. And you mean and you and it's kind of like the adjective using of. Well, is it theirs or is it where how who is it? Is it my love for God or is it his love that is his possessive? Is it something too or something possessed? And so there is the love which is of which God is the object not his love for us but our love for him. And agape is used in the same context. So with those three different categories uh and I'm not trying to be oversimplistic and I'm not trying to introduce some rigid structure that we must abide by uh semantically. I think that's just practical to think of it that way. So now in verse 81 17 we've read there's no fear in love. Perfect love casteth out fear. Now verse 17, excuse me, verse 12, uh, verse 12, backing up a little bit, says, "No man hath seen God at any time. If we love one another," and that's just agape, so it's not necessarily a verb. It's it's something I have. If I have this love for one another, God dwelleth in us, and his love, which is the verb, is perfected in us. Now, maybe I've already conditioned you to not be so quick to create a litmus test. But this presents to us another easy formula to say, "Aha, okay, if we love one another, his love is perfected in us." And so if I don't love somebody, right? We all know who we're thinking about, right? I'm kidding. Uh if we all if we don't love somebody, then it's we get this rub, right? It's like, "Oh, well, I could tell you very clearly in plain language, I don't think I love them." Then we say, "Oh, well then this love isn't perfected in us." But let me warn you again. This isn't a quick test to say whether or not you have something. Saying if we love agape each other, then God abides in us. And God's agapeo, the the verb is perfected in us. So if we love one another, he's saying if we love one another, you got to you got to back up a little bit because what we do is we say, "Oh, if we love one another, we love God." But he's actually backing us up. Yeah. Just saying that God's love is perfected in us and it should manifest itself in that we're loving one another. That should just We should just go to lunch. Wait, really? I I think I know what you meant. We that that just seals it to look at it that way that Paul is not making our loved one for another as the cart that gets us to loving God, but rather it's God this aging in us, this activity in us that causes us to love one another. And so this is where I drew my inspiration to title it this way. And I know maybe linguistically it's kind of clumsy and I love the debate on it, our wordsmiths who'd like to talk about uh superlatives and comparatives. But the highlights, this highlights and emphasizes something about love. Because in one place there's a love that we have, but then there's a love that's being expressed and one is the love that we have for each other. But this other is his love being perfected in us. And I think there's different ways we can look at this and I will and I'm not schizophrenic and how I'm addressing it. There's just it's just that round. There's just that much to it. But love is a perfecting love. Amen. It is a perfecting love. I I just think that we should be remiss to take uh we need to be very careful to not just think that charity is what it is and agape is what it is and we've just been able to sum it all up and I know exactly what it is and realize that there's probably more to it than we could ever imagine. Especially if God has somehow someway said he is it because God is a God that hides himself. He's a God that's going to be revealing himself and unfolding himself through all eternity. So then we could just kind of admit admit doing that low-level mathematics to say, you know what, I'm willing to admit I don't know everything about love. But love is a perfecting love. Recognize this. If we love one another, God dwelleth in us and his love is perfected in us. That word perfected means is translated to finish or fulfill. It means to make perfect, to complete, to finish. The the the meaning behind perfect here this tells what it's what it's re representing is the accomplishment of some proposed goal. If it means to bring to an end, to accomplish to finish, then I want you to think of this. There has to be a finish line. When you fill something up and finish it and someone says, "Hey, I want you to put water in that cup and you say, "Well, how much do you want it?" Fill it up. Fill up to the line. Finish it. Complete it. You know, there's you know that there's a starting point. You know that there's a finishing point. And this perfection assumes that there's some filling up. There's some accomplishment. There's some purpose that's being accomplished. So, when we think of something being perfect, it's ideal for its purposes. It's oh when do we not say that when we say oh I I I I I need I need something to do this and someone says what about this you go that's perfect why because it's suits it's good for what you need to do so perfection and here when it says his love is perfected in us it relates to function it relates to purpose so let's think about this when John writes because I I would I propose that when he says no man hath seen God at any time so there's this general sense of humanity. Then if we love one another, that kind of narrows it down to us. God dwelleth in us. And he says in his love that's perfected in us, that it that one could argue who his love is, whether he's speaking to us individualistically, whether it's now this corporal body, all of us as believers uh uh together in this. But if we read it in in terms of how it sounds to us since it relates to purpose and function, read it this way. God dwelleth in us and his love is being accomplished. If we love God and then we love one another, his love is being perfected. His love is accomplishing its goal. Because in no place did God establish that he wanted us to have some sort of cultish relationship with him and then uh you know wall ourselves off from everybody else. But even despite the fact that all will not be saved, he desires that his love would be made known to all. Amen. And so he this this love his love is accomplished. Like this love I have for you when it's expressed to others. I'm like there you go. That's it. So in John chapter 13:es 34 and 35. Man, brother Michael, I didn't know you song service was so long. I can't believe it's already 11:30. Getting me up here at 11 like that. That's that's unfair. John 13:es 34 and 35. A new commandment I give unto you that you love one another. How is this a new commandment? Well, he had it's prefaced prior and in the very obvious in Deuteronomy and places in the scripture, thou shalt love the Lord thy God. And so he says, I got one for you that you love one another as I have loved you. That you also love one another. Now, this is active. This is the verb. That you love one another as I have loved you. That you also love one another. So, this is my desire that you love one another. Well, how? Well, as I have loved you, you also love one another. So, there's love projected to me. As love has been projected to me, I need to project it to somebody else and these other brethren. By this shall all men know that you are my disciples if you agape. Now, it's the noun have love one to another. Right? It's almost as if when he says it, he doesn't mind using it in a state and and a possession that when you have love one for another, it's going to be shown as a verb to the other. So when John is saying if we love one another, his love is being perfected in us. If I could say it this way, love is working. Love is working. In 1 John 2:5, it says, "But who so keepeth his word, in him verily is the love of God perfected." hereby know that we are in him. Now, this is again I I was going to start in chapter 2 but just kind of got moved into chapter four as the starting point but said the person who keeps God's word in that person is the love of God perfected. So again it's it's a kind of taking God's love being perfected in the individual. If we obey and keep his word, our love for God is working. Uh the love he has for us, his purpose is being accomplished. If we keep his word in him, is the love of God perfected? Now remember the phrase the love of God. Now is that the love he has for us or is that the love we have for him? John chapter 14 23 and 24. Just remember that if you keep my word in you is the love of God perfected. Jesus answered and said unto them, if a man love me, he will keep my words and my father will love him and will come unto him and make our abode with him. He that loveth and these are the active in the act of working sense. He that loveth me, he that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings. And the word which you hear is not mine, but the father which sent me. So these things I'm saying. This just isn't my godly here. This is God telling you this. If a man loves me, if you love me, now just think of how pure this formula is. All our mathematicians could just tell you so easily. If a man loves me, he keeps my words. It's that plain, that simple. If you love me, you keep my words. If you love me, you keep my words. And so this is the love who whosoever keepeth his word and him verily is the love of God perfected. I believe that John is drawing from these very things. Now when the love that's being used both of the love that we would have to God again it's coming from this agape. And remember as we've taught on agape before that this love is not rooted in just our base affections and emotions as a person. And that to use the sense of agape that that in as it relates to the love of God or the that we would have for God or the love that we would God would have to us. It's a love of intelligence. It's a it's a it has some sort of reason and comprehension. I would even go so far as to say that if the word is used in a carnal sense in other words this is a love that has some sort of corresponding purpose to it that it's joined to to a greater utility. And so the Bible is saying that love can be summarized as doing God's will. So we express our love for God or our love to God in that we uh that we do what he wants us to do and our doing his will expresses our love to God and it manifests his love for us. Does that make sense? That God loves me. I do his will. That that this expression of his love to me is what causes me to act in doing his will. In me doing his will, it expresses my love back to him. Right? Amen. And so love is doing God's will. And in doing his will, I'm expressing love to God. And I'm also manifesting the love of God that he has for me. 1 John 5:1-3, "Whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God. And everyone that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is begotten of him." Now, that would be where John is trying to say, if you love him that begat, then you love him who's also begotten of him. that there's there's this mutual love that should be shared when you love someone. By this we know that we love the children of God when we love God. What is John's aim overall? Not so much that we learn and know and understand because he says we have known and believed the love that God has to us. I think we're coming to that in a moment. So it's not that love that he's trying to get straight. It's the fact that maybe it's not working like it ought to. So he says that that we love by this we know that we love the children of God when we love God and keep his commandments. Notice how he's taking John 13, John 14, he's marrying these things together. We know that we love the children of God when we love God and keep his commandments. For this is the love of God that we keep his commandments and his commandments are not grievious. So keeping God's commandments is the evidence of love to God. And there in keeping it's not heavy. It's not burdensome. It's not dreadful. And so I think I'll be reading a statement here in a moment. I think brother Brandham says it very very precisely. It's very very good. But it is it would just be so empty just be vanity to pretend to love God and not do what he asked. It's shallow. It's empty. There's no substance to it to pretend to love God and live opposite to his word. To say that I love God. Now this this could be harsh. to say that I love God and then reject the clear prescription in scripture that he's given us. That begs the question, but do you really to say that you love and don't do what he asked it? There there's something shallow about that. In second John verse 6, and this is love that we walk after his commandments. Now, when he writes to him again, he's reaffirming what Christ has already taught previously. This is love. This is this is how our love is shown or this is what his love produces that we live after his word. This is the commandment that you have heard from the beginning. Ye should walk in it. So love for God, if I could put it, God's love for us and our love for God necessarily accomplishes produces us doing his will. This love and this dynamic of love, this love relationship between you and the Lord. The love he shares to you, the love you express back to him, it necessarily produces us accomplishing and doing his will. Brother Brandham says in the church age book, he says, "People say they love God. They go to church. They even shout and rejoice and sing and have great emotional time. But when it's all over, watch and see if they're in that word, walking in it, living in it." Right. There's a there's a tendency to take a template of what a church service should look like and take a snippet of time that could be recorded from opening prayer to closing prayer and say that this this is the bride. This is what she looks like. when actually that should pro could just be absolutely unknown to anybody other than those that were there and just watch their life afterwards and you'll know whether or not it's the bride's revival, right? It's the life that is lived and it's the life that is fed through our church experiences through special meetings, through prayer, the the manifestation of the gifts and the things that God uses to charge us and wash us and encourage us. But that that is not the window into the bride's revival. That that is that is part of God. Our church is a part of God fueling our revival because brother Ben Brandon is saying, "Hey, it's great when we shout, great when we dance, great when we do all these things, but watch and see if they're in that word, walking in it, living in it." That's that's what we want to see. Amen. He says if they go through all the other and they don't walk in that word, if they refuse to walk further in the light, you know, there's times when you use phrases of Pentecostal and Pentecostalism and and it can get very very confusing because there's a true Pentecostal, there's a true there's a true Pentecostal, there's truths of the Pentecost of Leodysia, there's truth of the Pentecost in the first church. Uh, and there's even a true Pentecostal experience now that exists. And there's a true manifestation of the gifts. And so there's ways that we use all these different phrases and we could put a scarlet letter on one of them. But if there's anything that's a negative that's negative connotation of Pentecostalism that brother Bam identifies, it's refusing to walk further in the light. Has nothing to do with the song services. Has nothing to do with the manner of worship. Has nothing to do with the expression of the gifts. Has nothing to do with tongues and prophecies. It's just do they fail to walk further in the light. He says if they go through all the other and don't walk in that word, they can say they love God, but their lives tell another story. I can't remember what scripture it was, even what series it was that we're preaching on, but there was uh I was looking at it was a different statement very similar to this. And it's striking when you consider martyrs even in modern times for pseudo Christian causes. They're willing to fight for Christ, carry a gun for Christ, kill for Christ, go to war for Christ, but not live for him. They're they're willing to crusade for him but not live by his word. That's exactly what brother B said. They could say they love God, willing to die for him, willing to fight for him, but not willing to live by his word. So when John says, now we're coming back to verse 18 here. When John says his love is perfected in us, I want us to better understand this because remember I kind of I I kind of couched it this way that we're going to do a litmus test that if I have fear, I don't have love. But when John refers to his love is perfected in us, he's connecting it with our knowledge of him. Love is connected with knowledge. I got to get through this part and and then we'll be uh yeah we we'll be further along. In first John chapter 2 verses 3 and four. I think this is very important to catch here that John is not just connecting love to just some sort of feeling that's going to wash over me that I just let my mind go blank and all of a sudden I got perfect love. He's connecting it something something different. Right. Says in 1 John 2:3-4, "Hereby we know that we know him. If we keep his commandments, he saith, I know he that saith, I know him," and keepeth not his commandments, is a liar, and the truth is not in him. Now, make sure I'm in the right spot here because there's just uh I might be able to I might be able to cut this short a little bit. I want to be sure that we use Yeah. So we This is So the I'm I'm wanting to marry verse 18 that his fear that there's no that perfect love casteth out fear. He that fearth is not made perfect in love. So there's a making perfect in love that's contra contrasting the fear. But when he says whosoever keepeth his word in him verily is the love of God perfected. And it's that phrase, the love of God perfected, that we're thinking about, do I have perfect love? Do I have perfect love? Do I have love? Is God's love, perfect love, working on me? And so, we create all these requirements. But when he says this, in him, verily is the love of God perfected. Notice these prior verses he's running through this. If we we hereby do know that we know him if we keep his commandments. So, he's saying we know we know him when we do his word. So, our obeying his word is based upon knowledge and our doing his word is an expression of love. But then he says,"I know he that says I know him and keeps not his commandments is a liar and the truth is not in him." So we would expect, this is maybe just me, but we would expect that if he's saying, "He that says I know him and doesn't do his word, he is a liar and the truth is not in him." We would expect that he would say, "And he that keeps his word, he is the truth and he has the truth in him." Right? And if if we're just going to take this logical construction and you know fill in the blanks and follow the pattern 2 four blank 8 10 like you know oh oh I know it goes there six goes there and if we're trying to follow the pattern instead of John saying and he that keeps his word he is the truth or the truth is in him he says in him has the love of God been perfected. So it's somewhat of a pattern interrupt where you're following him logically but then he kind of he just leans another way and he's saying that oh but to him who obeys in him is the love of God being perfected. Why? Again knowledge and love are being connected together. So in in one sense he's saying that our obedience is the product of his love. In one sense he's saying that our obedience is the product if I could say of his perfect love. Let me say this is beautiful. Has so many different layers. There's just so much if you want to just start moving up and down the elevator of this thought in God's word. It's very very beautiful all the touch points and ways that you could look at this. But he's saying that obeying God's word is that and I want to say perfect work but is that perfect work that love is accomplishing and fulfilling in us that this is what love is doing. His love for me is working something inside of me. Causing that's the work of love. Isn't that why people don't understand God's love? Because he said, "Well, if he loves you, why does he let that happen?" Because they're saying, "What is love?" If I just say, "I love you." Like, okay, awesome, right? That's great. You love me. And then there's just there there's no evidence of it. It's like, I told you. I told you I love you. Is that not enough? And you can say, well, I mean, at least God killed his son, right? That's how he showed his love to me. He didn't just say it and leave it at that. He proved it. He showed it. So, obeying God's word is the work of love in in us. I can say it this way since love, perfect love relates to purpose. The purpose of God's love is being accomplished in those who are keeping his word. When you see somebody lining up with the word of God, you say, "Now that's the evidence. That is the evidence." When someone is the word is being opened up to them and they're walking and living in the word of God, that's God's love working. So when we look at perfect love, this is this is just super logical as we bring this to a close. God's love for us is already perfect, right? If we say the love of God and we're talking about the love that God is, that's already perfect. So you don't have the love of God and then the perfect love of God when it comes to who he is being love. And there's the love that God has for us. It's already perfect. It cannot be made perfect or perfected. And this perfect love that he has for us has a purpose. It has an activity. It has an intelligence. It is perfecting. It is making complete. It is making whole. It has this drive and this desire that I love you and my love which is perfect is not going to be perfected or complete or have accomplished its goal until so we can say I have a perfect love but now it's a perfecting love because it's not going to rest until you are made whole. Come on somebody. We widen the aisle so we can get some activity. That this is something to step in an aisle and say, shout hallelujah to that his love for me is perfect, but it won't rest until it is perfected. Not his love, but its purpose. It says in first John 19, we love him because he first loved us. We love him because he first loved us. That means for the reason we love him and the cause of our love for him is solely his love for us. God's love for us causes our love for him. It's what inspires our love for him. It's what instigates our love for him. It's what birthed my love for him. Nobody told me about God and how great he was and how he created the earth and described him in such a way says, "Oh, I'm falling in love with this guy." No, we loved him because he first loved us. It's when that love was felt, when that love was broke through all the calluses and broke through all the layers. When we felt that love, that's what caused us to fall in love with him. If I can say this, I know it maybe sounds like a cheap cliche, but to to but to to love God is to know him. And our love for God is proportional to our knowledge of him. Amen. God's love is per perfect but our love is proportional in in degrees to our knowledge of him. So when he says his love is perfected in us his love is perfecting our love for him that is in us. Yes. The love of God is the love of God perfect. His love is perfected in us. Then it's the love we have for him him is perfecting. And the perfect love he has for us is perfecting. Perfect love for us as we would possess it relates to our love for him. And that knowledge and that knowledge of him. Love and knowledge growing to maturity. grow into full perfection. Could we could you personally identify with this? My love for him, the love I have for God, my agape for God may not be perfect, but it's perfecting. It's a present participle. In other words, in continuous a continuous sense that I have perfecting love. That I do not speak of one that says, "Oh, my love for him is perfect." because I'm not always doing what he wants me to do. Oh, my love for him is perfect because there's times that I fear, but I realize that his perfect love is perfecting the love that is in me. So, though my love may not be perfect love, it is perfecting love. It is in continually in the sense of getting better. The Bible says in 1 Corinthians 8:3, "But if any man love God, the same is known of him." This is this is exciting scripture right here. But if any man love God, the same is known of him. Maybe I could just go it a little bit faster and sweat a little bit harder to finish this. But if any man love God, the same is known of him. To say that you are known of God, it denotes and signifies that a there's a personal relationship between the one that knows and the one that is known. There's a relationship between the knower and the known. If any man love God, the same that loves God is known by God. So there's a love to God and there's a knowledge. There's a knowledge between two. So it it says that there's a relationship between the one that knows and the one that is known. And the knowledge, this is what's meant by this word that is used, especially if a Jew is going to be using it. The knowledge of an object implies that that object has an influence on the knower. To say that I love God means that he knows me. Now notice what Paul has done. If you love God, that means God knows you. because you could not have loved him unless he knew you. So he says in 1 John 4 7 and 8, beloved, it's Paul who says, "If any man love God, the same is known of him." So it's beloved, let us love one another. This is what he's trying to encourage. He's saying this is where it's got to come from. For love is of God. And everyone that loveth is born of God and knoweth God. He that loveth not knoweth not God, for God is love. Amen. How why is he saying this? You don't love because you don't God you don't know. True knowledge of God implies the influence of God upon the knower. True knowledge of God implies the influence of God on the knower. If there's listen, if there's anything lacking in our love, if there's anything missing in the manifestation of it, knowledge can perfect it. Amen. Amen. It's not that you don't It's not that your love is imperfect in the sense that you got something that's not complete. You've just looking at in the middle of the process. And if you don't have what you need, you just need to know more of him. If any man loves God, the same is known of him. I I I I want you just to to really grasp that that that say if any man love God, the same is known of him. In other words, you love him because he knows you and and this and this knowledge of an object implies the influence the influence of that upon the person. So when you know God you love him. Why? Because your knowledge of God him being the object of your knowledge. It implies that it must if you truly know him then it must change you. Yes sir. True. Brother Brandham says, "When we were sinners, alienated without God in the world, that muck of mud, as I talked about this morning, God came to us. God sought you. You never sought God. No man could come to me except the father draws him first. And God came down in that muck where you were and sought you out and bought brought you out." That ought to create a perfect love. What ought to do it? The knowledge of it. Why? The knowledge of that ought to implies or the true knowledge of implies an influence on the knower. We love him because he first loved us. We love God because we're known of God. Amen. Says in Romans 5'8, God commendeth his love toward us. And that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. It's important to know that he commended his own uniqueness of the love procure to God who is love. He manifested what was in his heart when he sent his son to die for us. Amen. And this is fully demonstrates the love that God has to us. Christ died for us. And Paul uses commendeth. He uses it in present tense. Not past, not future, present tense. And God continually establishes love, establishes his love. This love that he had for us was before Christ died. This love that he had for us was before your conversion. This love is from everlasting is what the Bible teaches us. It did not begin with your love for him. It did not begin with your works, but it was from his will, from his heart, from his pleasure that he loved us. In first John 4:9 and 10, but this was manifested the love of God toward us, because that God sent his only begotten son into the world, that we might live through him. Herein is love, not that we love God, but that he loved us and sent his son to be the perpetuation for our sins. Do you see what John is trying to get us to? to where we get right back to the place where we know God and we know what this love is and we're absolutely secure and growing in our knowledge of God and our love for God and his love for us. And that's what's going to turn us into a dynamo of his love. It can never happen apart from knowledge of God. It can never happen apart from having love for God. John is trying to bring us to a greater manifestation of God's word. Amen. How is God's love manifested in that he sent his son to die for our sins? 1 John 3:16, hereby perceive, we hereby we know that God loves us. Hereby we perceive the love of God because he laid down his life for us. And we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren. If we know him, then we know that love has an influence. It's a perfecting love. Herein is our love made perfect. Our agape can be perfected. Herein is our love made perfect. My agape made perfect. His love can't be made perfect. It's already perfect. But my love can be. God's love is not separated into degrees. You don't take a temperature of God's love and say, "Seems like you're a little cold today, buddy." Right? Doesn't happen. God's love is not separated in degrees. It does not grow cold, nor does it increase. God's not kind of like, you know what? I don't know. I mean, I think I like you. Could be a crush. Not sure where we're at, you know? And then we buy him flowers. He's like, you know what? Hey, things are warming up over here. He loves us when we're ugly, when we're unlovable, when we're brutes, when we speak against him, when we doubt him. He's already going, "Man, I love this guy." This guy's awesome. And all the angels are like, "But this is my guy. I love him." Because his love can't diminish for us. Hey, I know I'm not giving anybody a get out of jail free card because once you know this, it changes things. That he's not looking for you to make a mistake so he has an excuse to break up with you. He's not looking for you to make a mistake so he can put you away in divorce. He's not looking for you to fail so he can have an excuse not to love you anymore. He's bound to it. His love is already perfect. It can neither decrease or increase based upon anything we do. Amen. Amen. Charity never fails was never spoken of our love but of God's love. The love that is God. Amen. But my love is perfecting. Amen. And that is why when I read there's no fear in love, but perfect love casteth out fear. Then I know that what God is doing is perfecting my love. Amen. He is perfecting my love. If I if John could have maybe written it a little bit better, uh, he would have, but it's right in what he's saying. It's not so much a litmus test. Well, let's see whether or not you have perfect love. Oh, scared this morning, are you? Let's find ourselves at the altar. He say, "No, no, no, no, no. God's love will take care of that." Yes, sir. Our love is perfecting in us as we commune with him, as we fellowship with him, as we come to know him more. says in verse 18, "He that fearth is not made perfect in love." What does that mean? It only means that there's more to him to know. That's all he's saying. He's just, "Oh, oh, there's there's more of him to know." There there's more of our heart that can be in love with him. Oh, you you your fear is that he that fearth is not made perfect in love. In other words, if I fear, my love isn't perfect yet, but it's perfecting, so he's not he's not taking it away from us. John is not asking us to start over. He's encouraging to keep going. He's not saying, "Oh, you didn't have it to begin with." He's saying, "No, this is just a sign that there's more of him to know." Our love is only limited by the limits of our knowledge of God. So I know that if I have fear, it's only that that fear has found the limit of my knowledge of God. Oh, hallelujah. It's only that fear has found the place in my heart or that door within my heart, found that place in my life where the knowledge of God is yet to advance. It's only found that weakness, that soft spot that the love of God is pursuing, that the love of God has not yet reached to. That part of my heart that I've withheld from him, it tells me that I can love him more. I limit my the capacity my capacity to fear is quantified by how much I know him. It it it exists in that space where my knowledge of him is limited and the limited understanding that I have for his love for me. So perfecting love, God's love is perfect. God's love is perfecting our love for him. So God's love is perfecting and our love is being perfected. Amen. So when we read about perfect love, when we read about love being perfected, we just say that's right. He's perfecting me and he will he will perfect that which concernth me. Start recognizing the theme in the scripture that your love may abound more and more. You realize that all the writers in the gospels didn't start from this beginning point say do you have perfect love? No. Start over. Do you have perfect love? Oh no. Start over. You don't have perfect love. You need the Holy Ghost. You don't have perfect love. You you have the wrong doctrine. No, it just said oh more of him to know. Amen. You you fear a little bit. Oh, just you know what? The best cure for fear is falling more in love with Jesus. Oh, whatever it is you're fearing it. There's there's just some misunderstanding between God's love and promise for you and how you're looking at it. Let's
