################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-02-05 - Judgment and Rewards Part Two (The Gift) - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-02-05
Title:   Judgment and Rewards Part Two (The Gift)
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSEPrqR43g8
========================================

Description:
Judgment and Rewards Part Two 
The Gift

Sunday Service: February 5, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Keep this in mind. We're going to be speaking on the gift. Uh it's an important um important distinction here at the outset as we want to get further into judgments, different times of judging and judgments and also the different rewards or rewards as a subject. And on Wednesday, we read this statement and you guys can take it from here, but in church age book chapter 4, brother Bram says, "All too little time is spent on laboring for the eternal rewards of God." Remember he said in each age he holds out an incentive encouraging the believer to overcome and thereby re be rewarded. So he says we spend too little time laboring for the eternal rewards of God. So that ought to tell us that there's a labor that we can undertake as Christians and as believers that is going to be rewarded. He says uh the recompense of God is too lightly esteemed. And I would love it if this becomes less and less applicable to us that we spend more time laboring for eternal rewards and we begin to esteem it more heavily or value it more. He says we believe in the reality if we believe in the reality of the resurrection of the body and an eternal kingdom of substance, then we ought to lay up in heaven those good treasures that are available to the faithful saints. And the way that he the way that he says that we should be thinking um very intently on that and focus on how he says it that there's treasures available for us to lay up. So there's rewards that God makes available and then we have to undertake some effort to then secure it in heaven. Secure it in eternity because he calls them the eternal rewards of God. So he says that we ought to lay up these treasures that are available. So you have so many treasures that are available to you there. there there's a certain amount and if there's a certain amount we want to lay up 100% of that amount lay it up in heaven and secure that Jesus in Matthew chapter 6 20 this is what brother's drawing from but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven that lay up means accumulate riches I know some of you people some of you believers are going to like this lay up riches brother Loyal said something the other day when he was preaching last year and he said you know the world wants to you know work hard and get rich and he said amen right and so and there's things that we realize there's benefits in having income and and their single greatest asset in building wealth is your income and so that we we want to accumulate that and there's ways that we want to have investments and we want to secure maybe a future but that's not our goal that's not our aim whatever effort we put into that we should ought to double in the things of God at least because he says lay up which means accumulate riches treasures which is accumulated or stored wealth and so it's this image as brother Bram says that we can labor for eternal rewards and that we ought to lay up treasures that are available That means there's a way that you can work to take store up and accumulate wealth in heaven in eternal reward. And so there are ways that the believer in laboring for Christ can secure a heavenly wealth during this lifetime. And in Luke 12:33, brother uh Jesus says it this way in kind of the same subject. He says, "Sell that you have and give alms, and in doing so provide yourselves bags which wax not old, a treasure in the heavens that faileth not, where no thief approacheth, neither moth corrupteth." What's he referring to? Acts of unselfishness, acts of generosity and living for others. He's saying doing that builds wealth. It gives you uh these treasures in heaven that a thief cannot steal or a moth cannot corrupt. He says, "If you live in and live for others and you labor unselfishly and you give generously, these are the acts that bring us that bring us these rewards or secure us these rewards in heaven." And uh these riches that Jesus is talking about are our eternal rewards that Brother Bam's referring to a reward. And this is important to catch this now because I want to speak on the gift. And a reward is something given in payment for labor or worthy behavior. So a reward is something that's earned. You earn it. You do something and and you're befitting of as brother Bam says, we ought to labor uh to gain those treasures that are available. So there's things we ought to do. We ought to be laboring for these eternal rewards. A reward is something given do to do someone who's labored in a particular way. Brother Bram says this in the Sardisian church age. If they are willing to walk with him through the toils and snares of life and be honor to him, he was going to reward him. He's not forgetful of our labor of love. God will always recompense us our efforts to please him. And so these are eternal rewards that are given to the elect at a time of judgment, at this time that Paul refers to here, that we'll all appear before the judgment seat of Christ. And I'll go into this in greater detail scripturally through the message of the hour. But this isn't a time when everyone appears before Christ to be judged. But this is when the elect appear before Christ. And at this time of this gathering together, there's going to be awards rewards given out. It's kind of like the bride's awards banquet. All right? Because there's going to be a wedding supper in the air. There's going to be a time of gathering to Christ. And so these are eternal rewards that brother refers to are given to the elect at this time of judgment. And I believe it's a wonderful truth that brother says we don't labor enough for and we don't esteem it enough. Amen. As Paul says, for we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ, and everyone may receive the things done in his body according to that he hath done, whether it be good or bad. We must all appear. That means be made manifest in our true character. So, think of this. You when you die, what do you take with you? When we're translate, we take with us our character. And that character is going to be examined and and it's going to be proven. And we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ to receive those things done in our body, to answer for the things that we've done in our flesh. So all believers, I know this is a difficult subject. That's why I plan on spending more time in it um than just a service or two. We must give an account of ourselves before Christ. We're going to have to answer. We're going to have to answer to Christ for what we've done with the word. And then when we answer, we receive a reward for those good deeds that we've done. And so there's uh as though I'm not going to be emphasizing it much today as we transition to the the the thought of a gift. We will be accountable for the things we've done in our body. Now bear this in mind and this is hopefully what I can emphasize today. The accountability does not determine whether or not you go to heaven or go to hell. The answering is not it does not relate to salvation at all. This judgment where we we answer and accountable for the deeds that we've done, the things we said in our stewardship is a judgment to determine a reward. So the only thing you would miss out on is not receiving more. Can't take can't take your salvation away. Can't take your the seal of God away, but there's a reward that's going to be given out. There's rewards that are available. And so these are the things that that's what we're looking at when we say judgment and rewards. There's a lot of other things that we'll try to bring into the the into view there, but that's the first thing we want to focus on. But if you could turn your Bibles to Romans chapter 6 23, I want you if you could just pay very close attention this morning. [snorts] I think that we're at a comfortable temperature. Um we're we're we're crowded. Maybe some people are sitting in some unfamiliar places, but if you could just pay very close attention because these are some very familiar concepts, but it's almost as if through the familiarity, they're not easily understood or they can be easily misunderstood. They're so familiar that we don't maybe we don't ever really dig down deep enough to get the revelation of the concept. And there's even some of these things I'm going to refer to that we have used we use as terminology that have lost their true meaning scripturally. And we kind of give a monopoly on certain terms to certain organizations or belief systems. And I believe that as believers and as genuine Christians, we should take back any scriptural term and any any any language that is used in the Bible, understand it, own it, make it our own. Like we shouldn't be ashamed to say we're Christians. Uh because that's only for those who are Christlike. And there's a uh we shouldn't be ashamed to say that we are true believers because we are believers in the truth. And so there's a lot of phrases that can lose their meaning. And even as brother says, eternal rewards are too lightly esteemed because it's lost its meaning. In Romans chapter 6 23, this is where we're going to be able to just start to really dive into the gift. For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. So notice the first part. The wages of sin is death. Wages is compensation or payment for service or work. So you are paid death because of sin. Because of your sin, because of your unbelief. And so death is earned because of sin. It's not a gift. Death is not a gift. Death, the wages of sin. So it's used in a way to say it's compensation or payment for service or work. The reward, we could say the reward of sin is death. uh because there's sin and because you because we do sin and because we make mistakes and because we've lived uh we live we're born in sin and we we live out a life of unbelief that if that sin is never atoned for and paid for then what's due for that the due for that is death. But then it says the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. So there's a difference between the wage and the gift. One is a wage, the other one is a gift. In Luke 23:41, the thief on the cross, the one that was pardoned is objecting to the one that was railing against Christ. And he says, "We indeed justly. We hang here justly. We're on this cross because we deserve it. For we receive the due reward of our deeds, but this man hath done nothing to miss. I'm receiving the due reward, the wage of our sins. We are receiving a reward for our labor. We've done things that merit this crucifixion." That is a reward. That is a wage. When you do something that merits you something in return, it's a wage. It's a reward. But a gift is something that's given voluntarily without payment in return. A gift is showing favor. It's showing kindness. And when you give a gift, you do it uh you do it of your own free will. A and you do it and as a way of saying this is I'm going to give this gift and I'm going to I'm giving it expecting nothing in return. I'm giving it not because um I want you to pay for it or make you feel guilty. And isn't that the worst when someone gives you a gift and then find out later on they they kept the receipt and they're going to charge you for it. You're like, "Well, had I known you were going to charge me for this piece of garbage, I would have just given it right back, right? I could have gone to the thrift store and got that myself." But there's it's not fun when that happens. You realize if they were expecting something in return, it's not a no strings attached gift, right? It's not something that was given out of love to show favor and kindness voluntarily, but there is something expected in return. So think of this. A gift is something that's given to show favor without the expectation of anything in return, without any payment or any merit as consideration. A gift is not purchased or earned by the recipient. But wages are earned. They are deserved. A reward is earned. A reward is deserved. that a gift is not purchased or earned by a recipient. Paul says it this way in Romans 4:4, "Now to him that workketh is the reward not reckoned of grace." So if you work and receive a reward, it's not grace. You've earned it. So the re the him that workketh is the reward not reckoned of grace, but of debt. So a labor's wages are credited to to him as an obligation owed. He that works is owed a wage. He that labors is owed a reward. So it's not paid of grace. Well, I'm going to show you kindness. And if a a service provider came over, someone came over and built a fence or dug a trench or, you know, I cleaned your swimming pool or whatever it is and you go and say, "Here, I just I just want to give you a gift." He's saying, "This ain't a gift. You owe me that." Right? I don't think any of our employers give us our paychecks and said, "I just thought I'd be nice to you this week and pay you for your 40 hours. If you if they're doing that and they're considered a gift, you should call a lawyer, employment lawyer, real quick. Something's a miss." But that's so a labor's wages are given to him out of obligation because he deserves a reward for what he's labored for. So can you see just through these few scriptures that there's a reward for labor and there's a gift that's not connected to any works whatsoever. It's the gift that is of grace and not of any merit or effort on your part. And so there's a difference between God's reward for labor when we talk about rewards in this initial uh part on these specific rewards that are given out of this time that we're reading here in the Bible. There's a difference between God's reward for labor and the gift of God for the wages of sin or death. But the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ. So the gift of God, we could say very easily, this is just simple math, the gift of God is eternal life. Paul is telling us what the gift is that it is eternal life. And this is the elect salvation through Jesus Christ. The gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. The believer's rewards. Now the rewards that a believer receives are in addition to are more than the gift of God and salvation. So we talk about rewards. It has nothing to do with our salvation. It's things that are given to those who are are saved and then and then labor because of that grace. Amen. And so I had originally had um a different emphasis that I wanted to express this morning on on the rewards and the timing of the rewards. But I just felt I felt compelled to take time this morning to just look at the gift itself. Amen. So that we can have this we can be certain of the gift and not confuse it with any other of other God's promises. Because let me say this there. It's very clear in the word of God that there's a grace that's given that is not connected with works and it's by election. But then there's a judgment that is related to works. And if you're not able to place it correctly, the devil will exploit it and he'll try to drag you out of grace into works inappropriately. Try to use things to either keep you in sin or keep you out of the liberty of the Holy Ghost. So it's very important that we focus on this to to be certain of the gift and not be confused on any of God's promises. So the gift is eternal life. So I want to propose this question. Well then what is that scripturally? And let's begin in Acts chapter 1 and let's just keep reading until we finish in the book of Revelation and maybe we can glean what eternal life is. Acts 1:es 4 and 5. Now, as they are being assembled together with them, Christ is with them. He commands them that they should, and this is his commandment, not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the father, which saith he, ye have heard of me, for John truly baptized with water, but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost not many days hence. So, this is what he tells you. Terry and Jerusalem remained there and and and when the full the fullness of Pentecost has come, it was a specific time. It's important to remember that they tried until the dispensation was ushered in it. It it was it didn't establish a template that the believer has to tarry or the individual has to tarry to get the Holy Ghost because now once that that time came, God sent the Holy Ghost. And from then on, we don't have to have tarrying meetings to get the Holy Ghost. You don't have it's not a it's not undertaking a labor or some sort of threshold that we need to break in order to get it. And the Bible says in in Actsap 2:4 that they were all filled with the Holy Ghost and began to speak with other tongues as the spirit gave them utterance. So the Holy Ghost was poured out upon them. This was the promise of the father. What was the promise of the father? To be baptized with the Holy Ghost. So God's promise and this baptism of the Holy Ghost and this feeling are all the same. So the promise of the father to be baptized with the holy ghost and when the holy ghost comes it fills him with the holy ghost and so it's important to maybe make this distinction that there is a temporal gift of the baptism of the holy ghost where it kind of pours out as an anointing but the filling of the Holy Ghost is that seal upon the soul and I kind of just gave it all away. We could just sing take the name of Jesus with you. I was trying to bury the lead and I and I I failed. But the the the this feeling of the Holy Ghost then becomes something that is yours. And so in Acts chapter 2:es 38 and 39, this is uh Peter now having had this fresh experience and seeing now that this dispensation, the inauguration of the church, the pouring out of the Holy Ghost and and now they have had this experience of the baptism of the Holy Ghost or the filling of the Holy Ghost and they've received this and then from that moment on every age is the age of the Holy Ghost for the true believer. So Peter stands up and he says says unto them,"Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins." So they would be repenting and in repenting they would feel that their sins are remitted. They would experience this this release that God has forgiven of their sins and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost or the Holy Ghost as the gift for the promise. This is the promise of the father. He's now hearkening back to what he was already told by Christ. He's looking at what they've received. the promise of the father, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, the filling with the Holy Ghost that they had received. So he's saying, "Repent, be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, and you shall receive the Holy Ghost as a gift, for the promise is unto you and to your children and to all that are far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." Amen. So the gift of the Holy Ghost is the gift of God. The gift of the Holy Ghost is the gift of eternal life. Amen. And this is where it might start to get a little deep and strange for some people, but the gift of eternal life is the gift of the Holy Ghost. They're not two different things scripturally and this gentile dispensation as the word is unfolding itself. They're not two different things. They are one gift. It's very important to place this correctly. Otherwise, and to me, I find that this is a this is a leveler because there's ways that you take being saved and having eternal life, but being filled with the Holy Ghost, and you start creating all these categories, there's a way that that never quite seems to make sense, right? Especially in light of what the Bible teaches us and what the message teaches. If you don't get and I know it might seem like categories and it may seem like semantics, but we should come to terms with the terms and at least understand what they mean in their context and how some people can use the term I'm saved or I I I I I've been converted or I've been born again and realize that people have certain ways that they define that, but we want to know what the Bible means when it comes to that. We want to know what brother Brandham taught us when it came to those things. And so it is important to recognize that the gift of the Holy Ghost and the gift of eternal life are one and the same. Yes, sir. It's one gift. The Holy Spirit or Holy Ghost, they are one and the same. Uh but it's that hagios which is the Holy One. This is speaking of God and the numa. That's what Holy Spirit or Holy Ghost is a lifegiving spirit. The Holy Spirit is the life of God. Amen. It's the Holy One which is a lifegiving spirit. So when you receive the Holy Spirit is the life of God. And Peter is preaching this this conviction now filled with the Holy Ghost standing there with this boldness on the day of Pentecost to repent be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ so that you can receive this uh this gift of the Holy Ghost. And Jesus had said to him in Luke 22:32. Um [clears throat] I'm not I'm not sure about my pace today. I don't if I'm going uh too fast. I apologize, but I have a lot there's a lot of scriptures I just want to start connecting together. Uh, but I I try to be faithful that if if we reach a point where it's just a little bit too much, we'll just stop. We can pick this up at another time. And and if we rapture, then we didn't need it. It's just awesome how God works. He says, "But I have prayed for thee." This is now Jesus speaking to Peter. I prayed for thee that thy faith fail not and when thou wart converted strengthen thy brethren. So this is what Peter experiences and this is what God Jesus promised for him. Peter had all sorts of professions of faith. He had all sorts of following and discipline and understanding things that he had learned. He had a faith his own faith in him as the Messiah. Even had a revelation as Jesus referred to it. And he says when thou art converted this is a divine transformation of Peter's soul. when thou art converted it he says he says that I pray that your faith fail not so that when you're converted knows your faith is converted into his faith it's converted into this experience and into this new life and so the the the conversion was the sealing of Peter's faith and he says when thou art converted it's important that we rightly divide the word of truth and rightly dividing the word of truth requires placing God's promises in their proper season in context a and recognizing how God uses these terms. What was happening with Peter when he was converted? What is a genuine conversion? What what does it mean uh to be filled with the Holy Ghost? And again, I'm looking at all this as the gift. So, this will I I'll try to end on specific scriptures about it being gift. It's a free. It's free. But this theme is in in this this first part here. It's in all of this. It's a gift. It's given. It's received by his He's given it to you. you voluntarily receive it. And so when Peter stands up on the day of Pentecost, when he's been filled with the Holy Ghost, when he's preaching that others should likewise repent and receive the Holy Ghost as a gift, this is what Acts 2:4 was for Peter, the filling of the Holy Ghost. It was a Pentecostal experience of a conversion. Amen. And we hear a lot about apostolic. We hear a lot about Pentecostal and about Pentecost. But let me tell you something. If it isn't a new birth, it's the wrong kind of Pentecost, right? If it isn't a new birth, then we're just being Pentecostal, because the Pentecostal experience is to be born again by the word of God. Brother Brandham said, and I have these statements here. We'll just pull these up. I think I may have lost control. I've lost control. I said to Elizabeth the other day, I said, "I think people think God's gone crazy." She says, "Why?" I said, "Well, they're always trying to find the mind of God. says, "We People are groaning." You know, I am a dad of four, right? Can't wait till I turn 40. I'm sure that dad humor is just going to take off. Says, "We experience Pentecost by the new birth." Amen. That's how we experience Pentecost, by the new birth. Now, you start connecting these principles. We've already covered the promise of the father, eternal life, conversion, filling with the Holy Ghost, baptized with the Holy Ghost. There's a lot of things that you can start uh connecting together. We experience Pentecost by the new birth. You're not going to experience it just by speaking in tongues, shouting, dancing, uh uh even in the working of miracles. You're not exper We experience Pentecost by the new birth. Then he says in another place, "And the new birth and the conversion itself is the Holy Ghost." I feel like it could just stop right there. The new birth AND THE CONVERSION ITSELF IS THE HOLY GHOST. You're not even converted till you get the Holy Ghost. Think about what brother Ram's trying to get us to getting out of this church experience. Just get us out of religious experiences. Get out just being, you know, just being a certain way. The the you're not even converted till you get the Holy Ghost. Then he says this, "Oh, okay. I'm just going to let you take control. You're doing great. You're the pilot. I'm not even a co-pilot. I'm just sitting back in coach eating my peanuts." He says, "You're believing unto eternal life." When you believe and you're a believer and you believe in the word of God, you're just believing unto eternal life. But when the Holy Spirit comes, it is eternal life. Can you see the simple algebra I'm trying to do today? That the gift of God is eternal life. And now we have the baptism of the Holy Ghost or the filling of the Holy Ghost. And brother Bam is saying that the Holy Ghost is eternal life. right? That if you're believing, maybe you're potentially you're you're a potential candidate to receive eternal life, but it's not until the Holy Spirit comes that you actually receive eternal life because THE HOLY SPIRIT IS eternal life. He says, "And now in this other place, what is eternal life?" I had some of these were just much larger quotes and I knew I was just going to be running out of time today and so I wanted to abbreviate these um so that I run out of time on other material. Says, "What is eternal life?" The Holy Spirit. eternal life. Take that word and run it in the Greek and it said Zoey. Zoey is the Holy Spirit. Amen. Now, these things I think I know they seem obvious based upon the response today. I think these are things that you understand and you believe, but I think it's important that we emphasize it as a young church that the Holy Spirit is eternal life. We understand what the gift is. And and I'm sure you all can be honest with me later and if you if you could recall these things. I feel that the Lord has really dealt with me a lot in the way of salvation over the past year or so, revisiting a lot of themes of salvation and a lot of things that are fundamental to us so that we can have this as part of our foundation and our bedrock as an assembly that these are things we believe in and these are the things we want to make available to others. Salvation, healing, all these things. But you may say, why is it important? If you misunderstand it, it'll keep you from it. Right. The reason why it's important to visit this, there may be some young people here who don't know what the Holy Ghost is, don't understand what eternal life is, and a misunderstanding can keep you from it. And and that's that's bad. That's why teaching this is important. Now, on the other hand, there may be some of you that have it but can't walk fully in it because you don't understand it. You're constantly torn between whether or not you need to be rebaptized or whether or not you need to be sealed or whether or not you've got this and whether or not you got that. And we need to understand if you've received the gift, you need to understand what that IS AND JUST ACCEPT it and quit questioning God a and not give into all this fear and scare because I I I know that I I I I've heard it I've heard it expressed before that there's such a fear there's such a fear to preach predestination plainly such a fear to preach election because because the fear that people will abuse it. Right? So what they're afraid of is abuse. And so what they do is they abuse the people with the wrong teaching on election OR PREDESTINATION OR BY NOT ESTABLISHING IT PLAINLY TO GIVE THE BELIEVER THE SECURITY TO BE WHAT THEY'RE CALLED TO BE WITHOUT the fear of failure, without the fear of being rejected. And so it's important to understand it so that none of you are kept from receiving it. But then it's also important that we understand so we can be walk more freely in it. in John chapter 6:es 39 and 40 and and you'll find a lot of this in in chapter 6 where Jesus is referring to these things and this is the father's will which hath sent me that all which he hath given me I should lose nothing so if you are elect if you are given he's not going to lose not going to lose but should raise it up again at the last day so now he's going there's going to be those that are received and Even if they die, they're coming up. That's what Paul was referring to that we're all going to appear. We're going to be made manifest in our true character before Christ. He says, "So there's those that God has given me. This is the will of God that I would not lose any that are ordained and they will come up in the resurrection." So he says, "And this is the will of him that sent me that everyone which seeth the son and believeth on him may have everlasting life, and I will raise him up at the last day." Amen. So eternal life, we understand this principle very very clearly. Eternal life is what entitles you to the first resurrection. Yeah. Right. What is it? The constant theme of the resurrection. If you have eternal life, you're going to come up in the resurrection. If it's the life of God, you're going to come up in the resurrection. You will come up in the first resurrection. You will be gathered together with all the elect to meet the Lord in the air. Eternal life is what entitles you. He says, "He that believeth on me, who has everlasting life, will be raised up in the last day." So eternal life entitles you to the resurrection. This is the gift of God. This is one of the benefits to that gift is to come up in the resurrection. Abraham says this multiple places. I think this one may be in Bakersfield in the token. He says, "The Holy Ghost in you is the token that brings you from the grave because the token is God, the Holy Spirit, which is eternal life." Amen. Coming from the Greek word Zoe, which means God's own life in you. So the token is God. It is the Holy Spirit. It is eternal life. Amen. So if you have eternal life, you have God. If you have eternal life, you have the token. If you have ETERNAL LIFE, YOU HAVE the Holy Spirit. And so in Acts 11 15 to18, and I I struggle just exactly where to place this particular scripture um because it just seemed to fit in a number of different places. I hope it's not out of place here, but you could kind of see this being a uh maybe a culmination or the outpouring of what began on the day of Pentecost. Now you're seeing it being instituted in this gentile experience. And it says, "And as I began to speak, the Holy Ghost fell on them as on us at the beginning because they heard the word and believed and that and God sealed that faith." Then remembered I the word of the Lord, how that he said John indeed baptized with water, but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost. So what what happened as the Holy Ghost fell on them? They were baptized with the Holy Ghost. This is the promise of the father. This is the filling in verse 17. For as much then as God gave them the like gift as he did unto us who believed on the Lord Jesus Christ. So what is Paul what is being recognized here that this is the gift of the Holy Ghost. This is the gift of God that was promised through Lord Jesus Christ. Uh what was I that I could withstand God. When they heard these things, they held their peace and glorified God, saying, "Then hath God also to the Gentiles granted repentance unto life." [snorts] This is a gift. Even the repentance was a gift. IT WAS THAT GODLY SORROW THAT LED HIM TO A GENUINE REPENTANCE. AND HERE Peter and the apostles WERE ALL ACKNOWLEDGING, "WOW, we we felt maybe entitled to it since we walked with him and suffered THE PERSECUTION AND WE WERE THERE ON THE DAY OF PENTECOST AND WE FELT IT WAS OURS BECAUSE WE'RE JEWS. BUT NOW THE PROMISE IS BEING POURED OUT ON THE GENTILES. AND WE SEE THAT GOD IS GIVING IT TO THEM. APART from any HISTORY IN THE LAW, APART FROM ANY BLOODLINE, apart from any works, ANY LABOR, APART from any history, WELL THE DISCIPLES may have reasoned, well, we did walk with them for three years, so maybe we earned it on the day of Pentecost. Or these were all Jews who had made their pilgrimage to Jerusalem on the day of Pentecost. Maybe that is what did it. And there might have been a lot of ideas THEY'VE PUT IN THEIR MIND as to what made the Jews better candidate candidates. BUT WHEN GOD CALLED THE GENTILES, THERE WAS NO WAY THEY COULD RATIONALIZE WITH IT. THIS GUY DIDN'T EVEN BELIEVE IN THE TRUE GOD A MOMENT AGO. BUT NOW I'M PREACHING THE WORD AND THEY believe it and they receive the same gift we did. Amen. What did God do? He had given them, granted them repentance unto eternal life. To those that believe, God gave them the like gift. What was the like gift? The baptism of the Holy Ghost. It was the gift of God. I'm emphasizing the gift today because I want us to I want us to fully understand what brother Brandon was meaning when he said far too little time is spent on laboring for the eternal rewards of God. And it's not it's too lightly esteemed. I would I do not want us to misplace what that is we're laboring for. Amen. And ever confuse it for the gift. Amen. to never think that we could somehow labor or earn eternal life. I'm emphasizing this morning the gift at the outset so we can realize we will never be able to earn eternal life by our works. It'll never happen. It's the rewards that are earned, not eternal life. The rewards of God and these eternal rewards and the gift of God are two different principles, two different promises. Now, this is this is one of these critical scriptures. I think I would join it with 2 Corinthians chapter 5:10. But to me, this is one of these critical scriptures when it comes to um judgment, the bride's judgment, and understanding what Paul is referring to when he speaks about us appearing before the judgment seat of Christ. It says in John 5:4, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life and shall not come into condemnation, but is passed from death unto life." So he that believeth has it's hath it's present possession. It's yours. You have it now. You have everlasting life or eternal life and shall not come into condemnation. What is that? Judgment. Brother man is very particular, very clear on this. And the scriptur is very clear that if you possess eternal life, you will not have to be judged for your sins. You will not have to be judged to be deemed worthy to enter into eternity because you already have eternal life. And therefore, you bypass judgment and you've passed from death already into life. This is present tense. If you if you have eternal life, you will not come before the white throne judgment. If you have eternal life, you will not go to a place of waiting in order for your soul to be judged. You've passed from death into unto life. So, when you receive the gift, there's no there's no judgment. There's no judgment for sin. And I want to and I want to come back to that sometime. But eternal life then what we want to recognize eternal life is the present possession of the born again believer. Eternal life is not a future reward for the born again believer. It is it is not something that you will uh receive at a future judgment. Eternal life is the present possession of a believer who has been born again. Amen. It's important to catch this. I know it's very simple. I know you all believe it, but maybe I just needed a service full of a lot of amens today. But it and and the better we can understand it, the better we can teach our children. Sure. better able we can witness to those that are hungry and thirsty for a change. Now, in the church age book chapter 4, there's a lengthy portion where brother Bam is dealing with people who've misunderstood him in his meetings when he would make altar calls and and he would call for the people to receive the Holy Ghost and there'd be a lot of he'd say the our Pentecostal brothers, they had their certain idea of how they thought that it should be and what brother Bam was trying to get him to do and he was saying, "I've been misunderstood. They've got it all wrong." And he was trying to make it clear what he meant when he said for the believer to come forward and be born again. And he says this, this is very plain English. Now to receive Christ is to receive his spirit. To re receive his spirit is to be born again. To receive his spirit is to be baptized with the Holy Ghost. And the critic says, I think Leel wrote that. But brother Brandham substantiated this over and over again in his ministry. To receive Christ is to receive his spirit. To receive a spirit is to be born again. to receive a spirit holy spirit is to be baptized with the holy ghost. So that to me is very very plain. What am I doing this for? Because that's the gift. Yes sir. The gift of God is eternal life. The Holy Ghost is a gift. These are things I want you to recognize. You don't work for that. You're ordained to it. You just you receive it. You yield to it. And brother Bam says in another place, I don't have it here, but you can keep that up. He says that Peter and any of the disciples never said you must be born again and then filled with the spirit. It's not taught in the Bible. Nowhere is it ever taught that you're born again and then filled the spirit. And so, so it it page 147 he says to understand what I've just said is to clear up why students have never ever found Paul saying at any time be born again and then be be spiritfilled. So Peter and none of the apostles now neither Paul ever said that you're born again and then filled with the Holy Spirit or you're born again and then baptized with the Holy Ghost as a seal as a conversion. said, "They have inferred it is there and they have put their own meanings to say it." And then brother Ram yells at us FOR SOME REASON. BUT SCRIPTURE DOES NOT SAY THAT. Jesus never said it either. Why? Because if you twist it just a little bit, it's a setup for works based salvation. Twist it just a little bit. It's a setup for worksbased baptism of the Holy Ghost to where now we're earning the gift of the Holy Ghost. We're earning the baptism. We're earning the seal. We're earning the filling. But scripture doesn't say it. The apostles didn't say it. Peter didn't say it. Paul didn't say it. Jesus didn't say it. Brother Bam didn't teach it. What Jesus taught, we could look in John chapter 3. We'll just read verse 15. We'll make reference to the context. This is a conclusion of his conversation with Nicodemus who wanted to know how he could have uh uh you know, how you know what he could do to have eternal life or the question that he's presenting. And he said, "We know that you would not be you could not do these things except you come come from God." Jesus Jesus is kind of the conclusion where Jesus says in verse 7, "You must be born again." And and and so he's answering to Nicodemus's inquiry. Well, we know that you're these things must be could not be so if you be had not come from God. So this is a conclusion of him telling Nicodemus that except a man be born again cannot see the kingdom of God. And then he says ye must marvel not when I say unto you you must be born again. His conclusion is that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have eternal life. This is this is the conclusion that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have eternal life. What is he referring to? He hasn't changed the subject, you have eternal life because you're born again. So then in John chapter 4 with the woman at the well in verse 14 he says but whosoever drinkketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life. Think about what Jesus is saying. He that believeth shall not perish but have have eternal life. He that believeth uh has passed already from death into life should not perish, shall not come into condemnation. These are repetitive things. These aren't creating levels. These aren't different circumstances. They're all the same salvation for God's elect. And I shall give him this water and it shall do in him. It shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life. And brother Brandham teaches us that this is the Holy Spirit that came at Pentecost. This outpouring of the Holy Ghost, this fill in the Holy Ghost. It is that well of water springing up into everlasting life. So the individual who has been born again has a well of eternal life inside of him. Has a wellspring a source of eternal life inside of him. Few chapters later in John 7:es 38 and 39 he says he that believeth on me as the scripture said out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water. So in one place it's a well now it's a river. And so people who might want to uh strain on a net and swallow a camel start trying to divide this and make them two different things. But it's the same requirement. Believing believing is not going to perish. Believing is going to be have a well of water springing up. Believing is going to have out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water. What are these rivers? Thank God for the parenthetical phrase. But this spake he of the spirit which they that believe on him should receive. Amen. For the Holy Ghost was not yet given because that Jesus was not yet glorified. Amen. This is what's being referred to here. The gift The gift is to be born again by the spirit. The gift is to receive a to receive a a a life flow which is referred to as a a belly out of your belly flowing rivers of living water or a wellspring of water. This isn't this well and the river are one and the same. It's the same experience. One's not um one is not salvation and the other one's a blessing. There are gifts of the spirit which are outpoured and there gifts of the holy ghost that can be poured out upon people and people can receive them apart from any fundamental born again experience. But what Jesus is talking about is not just an anointing that comes and goes. He's talking about a a possession, eternal life, not a separate blessing. not not something separate that's coming coming along that anyone could operate in. But he's talking about the the well and the river one and the same. And what is it's eternal life in John chapter 17:es 2 and three as thou hast given him power over all flesh. He's speaking of himself the son of man that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him. So if you are elect and you and he says you've been given to him and you're elect in him then you are to give you are to receive eternal life be given eternal life and this is life eternal that they might know thee the only true God and Jesus Christ whom thou has sent and what did Paul say that no man could say Jesus Christ is Lord but by the Holy Ghost. And Jesus saying that eternal life is to know God and Jesus Christ. So eternal life is the Holy Ghost. We can't you cannot separate the two. It's we have to be very very careful that we not separate things out just to and you know the brother Brandham identifies as the problem is experience is the problem. Right? And and a lot of people engage in this because they say, "Well, I believed I was saved when I was a Baptist, but then when I came to the message, I got the Holy Ghost." And they're just trying to make sense of their experience and say, "So that must have been when I was born again, or that must have been when I got saved, or I was in Pentecost, and and that's when this happened, but then when I came to the message, this happened." And away with experience is a plum line. We don't want to draw from truth. We don't want to develop truth out of anecdotal evidence. that the anecdotal testimonies should be brought back to truth to understand what it is we're believing on and what it is we we hold dear. And Jesus is telling us that to believe on him that what comes after believing is going to be an experience of being filled with the Holy Ghost. Is going to be the seal of God's elect. It is the the gift of God which is eternal life. It is the gift of God which is the Holy Spirit. And brother Brandham identifies it when he's teaching this in the church age book that the Baptists were wrong because they they felt that believing equaled the seal. And he's saying they're wrong because they think when they believe there there's that's it. Just believe and you've got it. There's no additional experience of being sealed. And they they think that eternal life comes in. They think that this eternal life just comes because you say that you believe. But then the Pentecostals, he says, are wrong because they thought you could have the birth without the seal. And he's saying, you guys are both wrong. And as long as you deviate from that, everything you're trying to do isn't going to line up. It's not going to match up. They think that life life comes in one place and then the seal comes later. And he said, "This isn't this isn't how it works. God's not going to give you eternal life and then take it away from you. Then give you eternal life and take it away from you. give you eternal life and take it away from you. That's not how God works. And so, he's correcting a lot in what he's teaching. And he and and he he he did a lot of things through his ministry to capture everyone and get us all on the same page in terms of what the new birth was and what the baptism of the Holy Ghost was. And it was because there were such extremes, right? A Baptist can use the phrase born again believer and doesn't even believe in the Holy Ghost. Right? I'm a born again believer and they don't believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So, how would you answer a question? If a Baptist said something about being a born again, you'd have to say, "Well, you need the Holy Ghost, buddy." Right? You just got to take him where he lacks and bring him to what he needs. And so, the gift of God is eternal life, which is the baptism of the Holy Ghost, which is the new birth, which is to be born again, which is the gift, not reward, it's the gift. Ephesians chapter 1:13 speaking of Christ in whom you also trusted after that you heard the word of truth the gospel of your salvation. So the word of truth is the gospel of your salvation and whom also after that ye believed you were sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise. The baptism of the Holy Ghost is the seal of your faith. It is not just because you believe but it's after that you have believed. You say, "Well, I when I say not just because you believe." You don't believe you have it just because you believe. It's an experience of being born again. I know there's just a little tricky tricky area in there, but the best I could say it is there is a genuine experience to be filled with the Holy Ghost. An absolute genuine experience of meeting God face to face. So, after you heard the word of truth, after you believed, you were sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise. Now, this is not works. This is not your labor. This is not because you prayed right, because you terried long enough. This is has nothing to do with anything that you merited. God didn't look down upon all your efforts and all your labor and all your hard work and say, "You know what? I think you've earned the Holy Ghost." Right? He gives you the Holy Ghost as a gift after you heard the word and believed. And this is this is critical. And I I know that I've gone I'm long and I'm just going to try to to finish this. The Holy Spirit, this is important. Holy Spirit assures the believer of their relationship with God. Amen. That it is the it is it is assures not just your relationship but your eternal relationship with God. That's what the Holy Ghost is. It I love how God ordained it that way that I want to give you this permanent possession that it can always be there. And though you may grieve it and you may lose touch with it, it's a place that you've got to come back to as an anchor to remember that if I gave this to you, it is the token that you're mine and I'll never lose you. Amen. It is the token that you are my possession and you're coming up in the resurrection. It is it is the assurance of your relationship with God. It is and everybody get ready to clutch your pearls. Eternal security because the true believer has eternal security. And so this ETERNAL LIFE, THE BAPTISM OF THE HOLY GHOST, the seal of God, this new birth, it is sovereignly given by God according to election. It is the gift in Ephesians chapter 2:es 8 and N as Paul is saying that after you heard the word and believed you were sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise. He says for by grace are ye saved through faith. What was this salvation? It's the seal of the Holy Spirit of promise. You're saved through faith and that not of yourselves. It is a gift of God. Amen. Not of works lest any man should boast. What is this salvation? WHAT IS THIS HOLY GHOST? IT IS THE GIFT OF GOD. AMEN. there's no works. And he and I think he's just he says it he says it very very plain. The gift is not earned that nobody HAVING RECEIVED THE HOLY GHOST COULD SAY I THINK I I think I figured it out. I think I figured out this is what you need to do and this is how you need to do it. There's there's no way. There's absolutely no way. Even when we take and I and I realize now that I I think I took these statements out on my notes, but even when we take the uh the the three elements of the new birth, and it takes all three to be born again, justification, sanctification, baptism, Holy Ghost. If you lack any one of those, it's not the new birth, it's not to be born again. So, you have to have all three to be born again. But then what we do is kind of like in this Catholic mindset, we turn it into stations. Well, have you have you burned a candle at the justification altar? Right? And we almost feel that we've got to go through these steps to where nobody can get it until they've they've spent time going to these stations. Bre says it can all happen at once. Can I get a witness? Amen. Amen. It's happen. There's some of you WHO THERE THERE'S NO THERE was no season of justification. There's no season of sanctification. There was no God did I earn the Holy Ghost. IT WAS THE POWER OF GOD FALLING UPON A OPEN HEART THAT HAD YIELDED IN THE MOMENT. AND THE POWER OF GOD, THE WORD HAD SHIFTED THEIR MIND. AND THEY LOOKED TO CALVARY AND SAID, "GOD, THAT'S ME. FORGIVE ME OF MY SINS, LORD. SEAL ME IN YOUR KINGDOM." AND THE HOLY SPIRIT POURED OUT UPON THEM AND CHANGED THEIR LIFE. CAN HAPPEN JUST LIKE THAT. PASS FROM DEATH INTO LIFE. Happened in a moment. Happened in an instance. So the gift is not earned. It's not something you're owed because of your works. It's a gift of God. Amen. In Titus 3:es 5, 6, and 7, not by works of righteousness that we have done, but according to his mercy, he saved us. How did he save us? By the washing of regeneration and renewing of the Holy Ghost. It's the word. This is your salvation. The renewing of the Holy Ghost is salvation. Can Can I Can I say this just to pro provoke some really good conversation at the lunch table? The bride alone is saved. Right. Amen. Right now, the bride alone is saved. Because she's been, and I say bride, you say, I don't know if I like that term. The elect, true Christians, those who have the Holy Ghost, the believers who's been sealed, they are the ones who have seen themselves renewed by the Holy Ghost, washing of regeneration according to his mercy. He saved us. Not works of righteousness that we have done, but mercy. And he says in verse six, which he shed on us abundantly through Jesus Christ our savior. What did he shed on us abundantly? THE HOLY SPIRIT HAS BEEN SHED UPON US. This is his grace. THIS IS HIS MERCY. THIS IS HIS GIFT that being justified by his grace, we should be made HES ACCORDING TO THE HOPE OF ETERNAL LIFE. WHAT DOES THAT MEAN? THE eternal life that he's given you has birthed INSIDE OF YOU A GREAT HOPE. THE HOPE OF [screaming] WHAT IS THE HOPE OF ETERNAL LIFE? IT IS IF THE INHERITANCE IS TO COME. THE FACT THAT YOU HAVE ETERNAL LIFE IS THE EARNEST OF THE REDEMPTION OF THE FULL THING. THE FACT THAT YOU HAVE ETERNAL LIFE. IT'S THE BAPTISM OF THE HOLY GHOST THAT TELLS YOU THERE IS AN INHERITANCE TO COME. THERE ARE ETERNAL THINGS THAT ARE MINE. AND THAT'S THE HOPE OF THE ETERNAL LIFE THAT YOU'VE RECEIVED THROUGH THE POURING OUT OF THE HOLY SPIRIT INTO YOUR SOUL. AMEN. This eternal life is given by sovereign election. Brother Bam says it this way and I have heard but now I see. And he says in a number of places a similar way. If you've got eternal life, then the germ of eternal life was in God at the beginning. Amen. And you've had that seed from the beginning. It was always in you. And that's why you can be quickened. Only the elect can be born again. Right. I mean, I think it's very I think it's simple. Only the elect can be born again. Therefore, only the elect can have eternal life. Now, if God permits in judgment and rewards, we can visit the white throne judgment where many will receive eternal life on that day. Right. And they'll receive. They'll be saved according to what? Their works. But how did you get it? Yes, sir. By his work. By his price. You've received the the token that he paid for. You You can't brag about it at all. It's his election. It's his grace. If you've got eternal life, THAT GERM WAS IN GOD at the beginning. If you HAVE ETERNAL LIFE NOW, IT WAS ALWAYS WITH YOU FROM THE TIME THAT YOU were born. I THINK THIS IS SOMETHING THAT I I I feel the liberty to express TO ALL OF US TODAY. THAT'S WHY YOUR LIFE ALWAYS SEEMED A LITTLE BIT DIFFERENT IS BECAUSE DOWN INSIDE OF YOU THERE WAS A SEED, A GERM OF GOD CRYING OUT FOR EXPRESSION. SISTER JASMINE, SHE'S HERE. I THINK ABOUT HER HOW THAT PERHAPS HER WHOLE LIFE THERE'S SOMETHING INSIDE OF HER MADE HER FEEL THAT THERE'S GOT TO BE MORE TO LIFE THAN THIS. THOSE OF YOU WHO'VE TRIED RELIGION, THOSE OF YOU TRIED CHURCHES, YOU'VE EVEN TRIED THE MESSAGE. THE MESSAGE WON'T DO IT. CHRIST IS WHO DOES IT BECAUSE HE'S THE ONE [screaming] ALONE THAT CAN GIVE YOU THIS ETERNAL LIFE. HE'S THE ONE ALONE THAT CAN SATISFY THE HUNGER OF THAT SEED. AMEN. YOU'RE BORN I LOVE HOW IT SAYS THE BIBLE SAYS AND ALL THAT WERE ORDAINED TO ETERNAL LIFE BELIEVED. YOU ARE BORN ORDAINED TO THIS FAITH. YOU ARE BORN ADDICTED TO THIS. AND THE ONLY THING THAT WOULD SATISFY IS TO RECEIVE IT. AMEN. It's the that elect germ inside of you that has been the hidden the hidden draw, the hidden power for your entire life. It's why you didn't die when you thought you would die because that seed had to come to life. It's why you haven't been taken when you thought you'd be taken because that seed needs to come to life. Amen. In Lukeap 11:13 speaking of this relationship between parents to children and then the heavenly father he says if ye then being evil know how to give good gifts unto your children how much more shall your heavenly father give the holy spirit to them that ask him. This salvation is a free gift. It's not earned or due you because of your works. He wants to give it to us more than we want it. And I'm sure you all know how it is that if you you have a you buy someone a gift and you buy it too early, the temptation is just ah you know what? You just want to give it to them because you want to give it to them so bad. You you you just you you don't care if you spoil it. You want to give it to them so bad, you're willing to come up with some sort of lousy excuse to give it to them weeks early. Right? I did that with our kids. I I gave them a Christmas gifts in November and I used our trip to Europe for the convention as an excuse to give it to him. So what I have to do, buy more Christmas gifts, but he wants to give it to you more. More than you even wanted. Why? Because he's it's not anything you earned. Right? He can have this gift. He's anxious to give it to you. And he go, "But I've made mistakes and I've sinned and I've done this and I've done that and I've done this. I've done that." And and he's he's going, [snorts] "Okay, I had this for you before you did all that." Just so you knew I was going to give it to you no matter what you did, I put the germ in there to begin with. I I I basically I secured it be before the devil had a chance to get you. I'd get to you. I'd already swed you into the earth. I'd already laid out the plan of redemption. I knew you would do all that. So, I made a I made a plan in the beginning. And as a matter of fact, I hope you don't mind, but you had to do that so that you would know more about me than just a lord or just a a creator or just a sovereign. I WANTED YOU TO KNOW MY WHOLE HEART. AND SO, SO I I FORGIVE YOU OF WHAT YOU'VE DONE. I I FORGIVE YOU OF YOUR MISTAKES. I FORGIVE YOU OF YOUR TRESPASSES. IS A GOD THAT IS NOT LORDING OVER YOU USING HIS OWN WORD AS A WEAPON. I JUST DARE YOU TO MAKE A MISTAKE. NO, THAT'S NOT GOD. THAT'S NOT THE HEART OF CHRIST. CHRIST WANTS YOU TO COME TO HIM. CHRIST WANTS YOU TO YIELD TO HIM. AND HE WOOS YOU WITH LOVE, [screaming] NOT HARSHNESS, NOT BITTERNESS. HE'S WOOING YOU. HE'S BREAKING YOU DOWN THROUGH HIS UNRELENTING, UNCONDITIONAL LOVE. AND WHAT WE NEED TO DO IS HE'S OFFERED IT TO US. MAYBE WE JUST NEED TO ASK HIM FOR IT. AND SAY, "LORD, I I RECEIVE YOUR FORGIVENESS. LORD, OH GOD, FORGIVE ME. GIVE ME THIS BLESSED GIFT." AMEN. LORD, I NEED IT. AMEN. I wonder if you've received it. You young men, you young ladies, you you don't forget this. It's the most important thing there is to receive this gift. Amen. And if you have it, do you know what it is? Is the devil constantly trying to take you and say, "Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You're down here." So, Brother Brandham said this and the Bible says this. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. You're down here. You know, one thing that I I I God help me to say this, right? But if you don't hate the devil, this is one reason to hate him. is he always try to tries to make you feel broken and then present himself as the one that can fix you and that nature of the devil to always make you feel compromised but he's the one that got has the solution to the problem that's the devil lengthy quote to close on in the message the token said God's everlasting eternal token it's eternal life by the eternal God and anything that had a beginning has an end. And everything that had a beginning besides God and everything had a beginning besides God. So the things that are eternal are the eternal attributes of God made manifest by the spoken word, right? Which you are which the earth is heaven earth, right? That's where you realize that there's going to be those eternal spoken word attributes of God that to them alone pertains this promise of perpetuity and eternity. And then this is such a beautiful thing. Then you sustain because you remember even in the eighth day in in eternal there's those that are being have partake of the tree of life to be to to s for the healing of the nations to sustain them. Like come on, think about it. You're going to be the only ones with the glorified body, right? that do you ha recognize who you are. Recognize who you are in Christ. Think think more deeply about what salvation is. Let's not create a cast system within the body of Christ to where now we we relegate ourselves to some other level of a believer so that we can be we can feel that we're broken so that some false doctrine is going to fix us. No. Listen to what he's saying. And God is the only form of eternal life there is. And when God places his holy spirit in you, which is God, and when God places himself within you, you are eternal as God is because you're a part of him because you become a son or daughter of God. And you're DISPLAYING HIS WORD. HALLELUJAH. I FEEL RELIGIOUS. THAT'S TRUE. GOD IDENTIFIES IN HIMSELF. YOU'VE GOT ETERNAL LIFE. AND THAT'S GOD IN YOU. And this word is God. And that word lives and PRODUCES ITSELF JUST EXACTLY what God has ordained for this age. You have it. Amen. the Holy Ghost. The Holy Spirit being displayed. That's and that's maybe at the crux of even this the next step and these things. IT'S THE HOLY GHOST NOW. IT IT WANTS to live through you and be expressed. It's just begun. WHEN YOU'RE BORN AGAIN, WHEN YOU'RE BORN AGAIN, YOU'VE JUST BEGUN. NOW, IT WANTS TO GROW INTO AN EXPRESSION. He says, "WHAT IS IT?" THE HOLY SPIRIT. THE word has been quickened to you by the Holy Spirit to vindicate this age that you've passed from death unto life. And now you're his. OH, BECAUSE HE IS. We have the right to all that he has purchased for us. EVERY PROMISE IN THE BIBLE IS YOURS. SO NOW this is important to catch this that if you have the gift, YOU GET THE BENEFITS of the gift. GOD, THIS IS NOT A SITUATION WHERE YOU'VE GOT THE CARD, BUT YOU GOT TO SPEND SO MANY POINTS, SO MANY DOLLARS TO GET THE BENEFITS. THERE. THIS IS SOMETHING I WANT YOU TO RECOGNIZE. WITH THE GIFT COMES BENEFITS. WITH THE GIFT COMES THINGS THAT ARE AVAILABLE TO YOU NOW. RIGHT NOW, AS A BELIEVER, THERE ARE THINGS MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE GIFT. AMEN. Every promise in the Bible is yours. I I I have a a dear friend, Brother Jim Kingston, that refuses to sing, "Every promise in the book is mine." Because he says, "Some of them in there ain't for me." I go, "Those aren't promises. Those are threats or curses." [laughter] And so I intentionally one time sang that song after I preached for him. And that's why God had to beat so much out of me. I cringed thinking about myself. [clears throat] EVERY PROMISE IN THE BIBLE IS YOURS. IT belongs to you. When this token is upon you and God has sealed you, say you have a right to everything it's purchased. Every promise is yours and it belongs to you when this token is upon you. eternal life, the Holy Ghost, God has sealed you. Now, we want to check ourselves just for a moment. When God has given you the true baptism of the Holy Spirit, then the life of Jesus Christ is within you. That's true. And every theologian will have to admit that to be yes, sir. It's the new birth. You are born a new of the Holy Ghost. And because that God has done this AND YOU KNOW YOU'RE NO GOOD IN YOURSELF AND YOU ACCEPT WHAT GOD HAS DONE, WHAT DOES IT SAY? IT'S NOT MY WORKS. It's not my merit. It's not my worth. Then he seals YOU INTO HIS KINGDOM BY THE HOLY SPIRIT. AND EVERYTHING I'M JUST THIS IS WHERE I'M ENDING. EVERYTHING THAT JESUS purchased and promised you in the Bible is yours. IT'S YOUR PROPERTY BECAUSE IT'S PAID FOR. OH, TALK ABOUT HAVING THE RIGHT ATTITUDE TOWARDS THE GIFT WHERE THERE'S NO UH THERE'S NO SELFISHNESS INJECTED INTO IT. THERE'S NO WRONG SENSE OF ENTITLEMENT. THERE'S NO LEISIA ATTITUDE COMING BEFORE THE THRONE. YOUR BOLDNESS IS HONESTY THAT YOU NEED IT. THAT YOUR BOLDNESS IS THIS REVELATION THAT YOU NEED IT AND HE PROMISED IT TO YOU. OH, WHEN YOU COME WITH THE RIGHT ATTITUDE, HE SAYS AND EVERYTHING HE PURCHASED IN THE BIBLE IS YOURS. IT'S YOUR PROPERTY BECAUSE IT'S PAID FOR. LIFE IS MINE. HE PAID FOR IT. LIFE IS YOURS. HE PAID FOR IT. HEALED IS MINE. HE PAID FOR IT. HE IS YOURS. HE PAID FOR IT. FREEDOM IS MINE. HE PAID FOR IT. HEAVEN IS MINE. HE PAID FOR IT. AMEN. AMEN. AMEN. DO YOU REALIZE YOU DON'T HAVE TO PAY THE PRICE FOR YOUR HEALING? WE'VE GOT TO GET THAT IDEA OUT OF OUR MINDS THAT SOMEHOW SOMEWAY I'VE GOT TO SUFFER TO EARN IT. I'VE GOT TO PAY FOR IT TO GET IT. NO, YOU GOT TO BELIEVE IN THE TOKEN TO GET IT. HE'S PAID THE PRICE. EVERYTHING HE purchased belongs to the man that holds the token. Amen. We got to free ourselves from the legalistic bondage of thinking we can earn God's love and respect. Earn his approval, earn our healing, earn our deliverance. You may reap what you sow, but you don't have to sow to be healed. That's right. I believe Satan has just so twisted up the teaching of salvation in order to cause the saved to live below their power. Yes, sir. by devaluing eternal life, devaluing the token so that when things don't happen and and you struggle, you get that you get sick or you you certain things happen and the devil just likes to pour it on you. Instead of standing upon the promise that I've got the token and it's a right to everything I paid for, the devil just introduces to you another level. Right? Well, maybe maybe you have eternal life, but maybe what you need is to join my MLM get baptized again, right? And really get the Holy Ghost this time, right? You know how you know how many people have been baptized unto new doctrines, rebaptized under new ideas? He either wants to save to live below the power that God's given you. And therefore, it becomes a struggle to operate the power of God. You might even have you might even be certain you have the token, but you keep looking at it thinking, "Do I have a right to use it? I prove myself well enough yet?" What does the token represent? Not your payment. Yes, sir. Right. The token is a gift. That's why sometimes people they they see something that you have that's really nice and I'm like that was a gift. Right? I couldn't have afforded that. Right? Like hey that's kind of why in a way I have this rule that don't let someone pay for you something that you couldn't buy on your own. Right? Because it's just like this this I don't know I don't even think it's a really a wisdom necessarily but it's just one of those things I have in my mind. Someone offered one time to buy something for me. They said just pick it out. So, I was going to pick something out that I could afford, right? Cuz I didn't want I was going to pick out something expect someone to pay for something that I couldn't pay for myself. I don't know where I'm at right now. I'll get back. All right. But when we have that token, if we try to attach any of our own merit to it, and and present it as if we earned it, I deserve it, IT'S NOT EFFECTIVE. RIGHT? AND SO THERE'S A LOT OF PEOPLE THAT ARE TRYING TO USE IT THAT WAY, but they've got THIS THEIR OWN SELFISHNESS BEHIND IT AND IT'S NOT GOING TO OPERATE. AND THEN ON THE OTHER HAND, AND MAYBE I'M TRYING to take people FROM TWO DIFFERENT SIDES. ON THE OTHER HAND, PEOPLE ARE RELUCTANT TO USE IT BECAUSE THEY AREN'T FULLY ACCEPTING THAT CHRIST PAID THE PRICE. AND YOU DON'T HAVE TO EARN THE UTILITY OF IT. YOU DON'T HAVE TO EARN THE POWER OF IT. YOU JUST HAVE TO ACCEPT IT AND PRESENT IT. OH, JUST BACK TO THE WORD OF GOD. [screaming] BACK TO THE WORD OF GOD THAT LIFTS THE BRIDE UP TO THE PLACE THAT SHE OUGHT TO BE IN. BACK TO THE WORD OF GOD WHICH IS OUR MEASURING STICK. BACK TO A PENTECOSTAL EXPERIENCE OF BEING BORN AGAIN. BACK TO PRESENTING THE TOKEN. BACK TO LIVING FOR CHRIST. And not be beat up and bullied into hiding our token. But knowing that if we have it and it's on display, I can't take credit for it. I can't take credit for it. He purchased it. Oh, wow. Where did you get that awesome token? Oh, Christ gave it to me. You mean you didn't buy that nice watch? Nope. It was a gift. Wow. Where'd you get that? It was a gift. You don't need No, there's no pretense. Don't need to make people think you know more or have more. No, this was a gift. Amen. The gift of God is eternal life which is the baptism of the Holy Ghost which is the filling of the Holy Ghost which is the new birth which is to be born and which is the seal. It's all the gift and don't cheat cheat God or cheaten it by thinking you can earn it. Amen. I thank God for the gift. Amen. And maybe you can thank God for the gift of closing. My dad used to always tell me that the gift to preach was not getting started. It was stopping. I don't know if he meant like completely like quit preaching. Um, but I'm I'm I'm going to stop right now. Could we stand together?
