################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-03-08 - Judgment and Rewards Part Nine (Losing Crowns) - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-03-08
Title:   Judgment and Rewards Part Nine (Losing Crowns)
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlqqdONHm5I
========================================

Description:
Judgment and Rewards Part Nine
Losing Crowns
Wednesday Service: March 8, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I'm I'm going to jump into this uh with the on this subject of judgment rewards is part nine um continued on losing crowns. Uh we kind of began this particular uh subtitle on last Wednesday night on uh when we were looking at character development. Last Wednesday night we had ministered on character development and how that our character determines our rewards. I think we can kind of see that explicitly in the scripture. As we grow in conduct, we grow in character that that's even expansion of stewardship in this life and then something that is also u a companion to that in the next life and in eternity. And we were using um through these last two services the idea that if as we grow our character as it determines our reward, it it it speaks of coming into the full possession of the inheritance of our godly inheritance, the inheritance that God would like to give us. and Sunday we're specifically looking at and focusing on the law of adoption and how that in the law of adoption in the natural and it's important to look at in terms of the natural it was used as a framework to understand God's truth of adoption. So God has a process that we can call adoption. God has a a a um a culmination of things that we could see and type in the law of adoption. So we're looking at the law of adoption and recognizing that brother Brandham was using it as a way to understand God's process for us. And I almost titled tonight's service the process. Um I didn't want to confuse that with anybody's nickname. So we just left it to losing crowns. But the law of adoption is used as a framework to understand God's process. And so he was using brother Brandon when he taught on the law of adoption. He was using Old Testament laws he referred to it. He's using some of Paul's teaching. So that's connected to Roman law. And he was using as a type to show how that God will grant a full inheritance to his sons. like this is how God goes about a process to turning over the kingdom, turning over all things to his children. And so again, brother Brandham used the law of adoption as a type of God's process in forming us into the image of God or into the image of Christ who was a son who is in the image of the father and then we likewise in the image of him uh and therefore we're joint heirs and all the the joining of those things together. So adoption refers to a process and the timing of a legal transfer of our inheritance and God God giving us power and ownership and inheritance. And we pointed out that the principle that we want to derive from what brother Brandham's teaching was is that if a child of God and he uses a son in the uh examples of the Old Testament under Roman law, if a son demonstrated the proper character, if he was like the father, then he received the full inheritance. There was this I can trust you. I now want to turn it over to you. In Lukeapter 16:12, it says, "And if you have not been faithful in that which is another man's, who shall give you that which is your own? If you're faithful in little, you'll be faithful in much. If you're unjust in little, you'll be unjust in much." And so, this is the idea and the principle that God is measuring your character by how you handle what little he gives you. And what we recognized is that if you are given something and you don't handle it well, God deals with you as sons and he corrects the way that you handle it because he wants to give you more. That's his desire is to give you more. So God is going to correct your character, going to correct your conduct. He's going to put you through things to test you. And there's a way of he's wanting to bring out of you that good, bring out of you that faithfulness, bring out of you that fruitfulness. And so the principle here is that if you are an heir to something, if you don't demonstrate faithfulness with what is another man's when it's your father's, how is he going to commit to you as a full possession the true riches if you can't demonstrate faithfulness? And so an heir uh in this way is not does not receive the full inheritance until he was proven. Brother Brand said until he was proven or he says until his character was tested. Those are the terminologies. We're just re reh rehearsing some things from Sunday. He said he would be an heir of all the father had if his character was white right. But first his character had to be proved. He says now you ministers know where I'm going to. It's the placing of a son. But his character if his character didn't show up right he didn't inherit anything. He was just a son. And this is where the judgment and rewards. We've been looking at the concept of rewards. And this is a future inheritance for a life lived well here on earth as a son or daughter of God. And we're using it in two ways. I'd say to better understand rewards, but then also to better understand who we are as sons and daughters of God. Um, and maybe clear up some things that sometimes are confusing um on the new birth and on adoption. But he's saying if his character didn't show up right, he's still a son. He loses his inheritance. That's where we took the the terminology losing crowns. It's a loss of rewards. It's a loss of a portion of inheritance because of the lack of character because of the the the lack of reflecting the desire of the father and and bringing forth the hundfold and being fruitful. And so we'll just we'll keep this title slide there for a few moments, brother John, until we get to uh hear ye him there in 57 because I want to read I want to kind of go over a few quotes real quick that I don't have slides for. These are brother talking about the loss of crowns when crowns are given out. the loss of rewards. When rewards are given out, where we are judged, not to determine whether or not we'll stay in a glorified body, not to determine whether or not we're going to stay in eternity. Not to determine any kind of condemnation, but the extent of what we will receive as a reward. Brother said, if he's not obedient and the right kind of son, he continues as son without any reward. So there's he's always a son, but he loses his reward. This is what he says in these hear ye hymns in these adoption sermons. The child is always a son certainly but he but it loses something. These are the ways that brother Ram was identifying. This is so you can understand why he was preaching u and using adoption. It was in no way to to ruin people or destroy people. It was to help people and to encourage them. Says uh he was just a castaway but he was always a son. And he even used Paul as an example and what he said that Paul was recognizing that he could labor for God, but if he didn't bring his body under subjection, then he would lose his reward. He said that when you get the Holy Ghost, your son's God or daughter. That's true. But if you don't obey God, walk in the light, walk in the word, believe God, then you won't have any inheritance. So notice that you're a son, you've got the Holy Ghost, you can't take salvation away. But the loss for not living faithfully was an inheritance. He says, "If you don't obey God, you lose an inheritance." He said, "Well, it's just exactly the way God does it yet." So, this is God's pattern. Says, "And your conduct each day as the Holy Spirit brings it before the Father. Gives away the things that you do, and you're still a son and daughter, but you'll never be brought to a place where you should be." I think that one's maybe one of those outstanding ones. You'll never be brought to a place where you should be. And there's a recognition that there's people do it all the time. They use quotes to their own advantage. they use to their own advantage uh unlawfully or disgracefully. They'll twist and distort certain teachings so that they can justify living ungodly or so they can justify condemning other people. And what we're wanting to do is take away from this the mind of God and what his what his desire is for us. And so I want to look at more closely tonight how the prophet uses the subject of adoption and in particular recognize that he's using it when he uses it and all these oh dozens of times that he preached this type of subject that he was using it to correct the attitude and conduct of the church and of the Christians who claim to be the church or claim to be Christians. So, as I as I walk through these tonight, and I'm I'm glad that it's a Wednesday night crowd because maybe uh it's just uh uh you're going to you're going to find that there's a pat on the back for you tonight when I read some of these quotes. And that uh just we can be very careful. I think you you've been in all these services, you're tracking these together, which is good. And be very careful that we don't resort maybe to some prior way of thinking or we resort to the negative or begin to look at it through a legalistic uh condemning lens, but look at it from a positive standpoint. how a father would deal with his child and how the father would want to give him everything. He wants to do that. His son is the builder of the family name. This is the one that's going to be in the image of the father. So, he's not anxious just to condemn him and write them off and say, "You're no good. I'll go get another one." He wants this to work out, right? And so, look at this in a way that is um has a lot of grace for yourselves. And then also remember, brother Brandham used the law of adoption as a type for the truth of God's process or the truth of God's adoption. And so if we look at the framework of the natural adoption, we have to be careful that that's not the truth. That's the type. And so some of the things that brother Brandon gives as an example and some of the stories he gives and the ways that he's using it. Sometimes what we do is we draw the truth from that instead of sticking to the truth and just amplifying or understanding it better through the type. We make the type the truth at the exp or the the type the truth at the expense of the truth because now we're just lifting up the type and and and we say, "Oh, well, no. If this happens and that happens and this has to happen and the next thing we know, we're all kind of waiting for a ceremony, right? Where angels are all gathered together and everybody watches us get a brand new robe and we've gone too far with the type." Oh, just keep that in mind on the type because I could even say this that if uh we could take the word of God and show that there is an adoption in terminology and in truth that is taking a gentile who was a repbate who was not an heir who seemingly did not have any inheritance in the promise of God. And so there's a there's a terminology used in Christianity in gentile Christianity of being adopted, but that's a different type than the one that brother Brandham uses for the law of adoption and the one that he uses for the Roman law of adoption. It's a different type than the one he uses that Paul preaches about and that he uses in here ye him. So we can use a terminology that speaks of an adoption that's more like what we would do today to take a child that's not our own and formally make them a part of our family and they become an heir. They have every right and privilege within the family and they had having not been one before. So we can use that we've been taken out of the world. We've been taken out of sin. Now we are seated in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, adopted into the family. But the that's a different type than the one that brother Brandham uses on the law of adoption. Amen. So I feel like we're all caught up now together to go a little bit further in this. So now the prophet is using the subject of adoption. Let's just look at this very carefully now together. And I want this is where I want you to be careful and and and just uh not be too quick to lean too far one way, but just say, "Lord, help me to catch what you're trying to say." Because brother Bam is going to use really really strong language. He's going to be very very pointed, and I don't want to do anything to change it. Like, I don't want to say, "Ah, well, I know he's call balling out the women for doing this. I know he's balling out the man for doing that, but that doesn't really matter." No, it does. It absolutely does. But I wouldn't want that that language to aggravate it in the sense where you start thinking now so negatively about the process that you don't recognize the way brother Brandon was trying to bring the believer along for more and I think I'll touch on that later but if maybe I'll just say it now and maybe this is a good place to say it. I want to bring it back into the context of rewards that that this the subject of rewards to me helps us understand adoption so much better and at least it does for me. And there's two other elements at play when brother Brandham is preaching through the 50s and early 60s on adoption. He he has a role as a messenger to the church age. He has a role of a prophet to turn the hearts of the children back to the faith of the Pentecostal fathers. He's a son of man that's going to be revealing the son of man. He is actually the angel of revelations 10:7. He has a lot of ministries, a lot of scriptural ministries. So there's things that brother Bram has to do to address Leodysia. He has to address Leodysia. And in his address to this is a key part in his address to Leodysia he doesn't compliment her right because God doesn't and so he has to come with the correction he has to come with the rebuke he has to come with with calling now bringing them back to even the things that God had just soon done in the Leodysene churches. He's got to call them back real quick to get away from some of the things that they were falling away to. And so he's speaking in a way to correct and bring people out of things and bring them back to where they ought to be. And he speaks to a mixed audience. In speaking into a mixed audience, he was careful to not preach in such a way to where he takes robs everybody of their experience. And these people have sat there said, "Hey, I've seen the power of God. I felt the power of God. I've seen things manifested." And you're sitting there telling me I'm a dirty good for nothing serpent seed because I'm making all these kinds of mistakes. It wouldn't have been fruitful. So, there's a way that Brother Brandham spoke to them as sons because they claimed to be sons. Right? And then also it's so it's important that even if they're not elect and they're not sons, they're sons and daughters in there, right? That they have to have the message preached to bring them out of it. And so there's you have to recognize even the principle in the church age book where brother Bam says because they claim to be the church, he speaks to them as a church. So brother Bam's going to speak that way. And then also in the church are elect that have got to come out of it. So he's got to speak in a way to get their attention, cause them to come out of it. So there's a lot more that could be said. I could spend a whole sermon on that side. But then there's also another element which I think is very important is the dispensational element that brother Benham is addressing because he's talking to a church that's been restored back to the full new birth. The new birth itself, back to the restoration of the gifts, the baptism of Holy Ghost is coming to the church. And here they are. They come right up to this this image and even having the restoration of the gifts brings us back to the book of Acts and the way the church would have looked in the book of Acts. They're baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. The gifts are being made manifest. There's healing ministries. There's revivals taking place. But guess what? That's not all. Right? There was a rapture. And so, Brother Bam had to take those who had been born again and recognize the fact that we're living now in a time, in a season where it's calling a church, not only a bride out of a church, but it's going going to go into a third exodus. So, he had to get the attention of those who the Holy Spirit is dealing with that there's going to be more. It's not just being Pentecostal. It's not just the new birth. It's not just the restoration of the gifts, but it's a perfection of our faith for a translation. And brother Brandham had to bring them in dispensationally. He was saying this is the time of adoption. In what sense? The change of our bodies to it? The the adoption redemption of this body. And so that was the that was the uh that's another element in this is the dispensational side. And then we'll come back uh maybe to the reward side here in a little bit. So now in the sermon hear ye him it sounds like coughs are becoming the new yawn. If you hear somebody else cough you're going to start coughing. Like when someone yawns it's universal. You see someone yawn everyone starts yawning. You just talk about the more I talk about yawning some of you are going to yawn. And here ye it says this is not meant to hurt but it's meant to put something before you. Key phrase he's not doing it to hurt. He wants to put something before you. something's before you is something uh that should ought to be something you not only consider but maybe reach for. He says how do you think the Holy Spirit must be to go before God and he's talking in the context of the adoption process. Go before God to bring our character, our fussing, fighting, making differences, separating brotherhood. How do you think it must be when he has to go before the father and say, "Your child didn't go to church tonight. The bells rung, but he stayed home to look at television." And all the people here said, "Come on, they can't hear you. There's no congregational mics." Yeah, you can say amen as loud as you want to. You can even say, "Hey, did you get that so and so?" Cuz because remember now the devil pulled one over on us and we're not streaming on a screen. We stream on televisions now. Glory. So your child didn't go to church tonight. The bells ring, but he stayed home to look at a television. He said, 'How it must be to say your daughters that you gave the Holy Spirit. Oh, they're dressing so immorally till they're making men on the street lust for them. How that must hurt the Holy Spirit to bring such a mess as that. These are Brother Bram's words. We might say dressing immoral, they don't have the Holy Ghost. Staying home and watching TV, they don't have the Holy Ghost. Sounds like a logical debate, but let's just go with what Brother Bam's saying because he doesn't want it to hurt. He's wanting to put something before them. So, he's correcting the age. He's correcting their behavior in Galatians 3:es 1-4. Remember later on in the book of late the next chapter where Paul is giving them ex the example of adoption and he's showing them how that the Jews they were they were called to be positionally placed as witnesses of the Messiah when he was to come but they missed their adoption. And he was showing that how that Christ had come to redeem them from the law that they would be placed to be uh witnesses of the Messiah around you know around the world. having missed their adoption. Paul is coming back to that and brother Brandham uses it as the pattern of the Jews now becomes a pattern for the Gentiles because now he has given us the Holy Spirit. Now we're sons and as sons we're hes and now he's given us the Holy Spirit as a tutor to bring us to a place of rapturing grace and to perfection. And so that this is what he says before he brings that principle in. Oh foolish Galatians, who hath bewitched you that ye should not obey the truth before whose eyes Jesus Christ hath evidently set forth have been evidently set forth crucified among you. So you've seen this. It's evident. This is your faith. You believe it. But someone's bewitched you to where you're no longer obedient. You're not obeying the truth. And then it's uh becomes more pronounced. He says, "This only would I learn of you. receive ye the spirit by the works of the law or by hearing of faith. What did Paul do? Didn't take the Holy Ghost away from them. He says, "Do you remember why you got the Holy Ghost?" Setting forth that they did have the Holy Ghost, but now influences were keeping them from obeying the truth. And I know that this would probably be some people get really, really nervous. Oh, really sounds like he's preaching in such a way where people are just going to use it as an excuse to do whatever they want. You know what? Those people do that no matter what you say. True. The downside of not preaching it this way is the people who want to do right feel like they can't. Come on. And the ones that can feel like they shouldn't, right? Some of you could say amen because that was you. There's just a way that the message can be preached where it's defeated. You feel guilty. You feel unworthy. You might as well give up. Why should you even try? And you're always kind of looking for that catch. When is it just going to click and be get get easy? It ain't going to get easy. This is the fight. This is the battle. This is the war. Have confidence in your election. Watch the hand of God work in your life. You see a you see a growth and you see an overcoming. Stick to that pattern. Stick to that process. Don't be get don't get discouraged. And so Paul says, you receive the spirit by faith is what he's implying. So he says, "Are you so foolish having begun in the spirit? Are you now made perfect by the flesh?" So that's they're trying to bring them back in Judaism. They're trying to bring them back in a former light and bring them back under legalism and under bondage and back to circumcision and keeping of the law. And and it's like the the law could never produce that righteousness. The only thing that's going to produce righteousness now is righteousness by faith. And faith which workketh by love. And you got to operate under those parameters. You can't go back to legalism. You can't go back to doing it by law. You can't go back to doing it by ordinance. And the New Testament doesn't work by ordinance and law either. It has to be by the spirit. So, he's challenging them to look at their disobedience, their bewitching, their foolishness. These are strong words, but he's not taking away the power that God gave them by the new birth to overcome the bewitching, to become obedient, and to no longer be foolish. And he continues, he says, "Have you suffered so many things in vain? If it be yet in vain, what would the vanity be?" Because they suffered, they stood to gain a reward. Amen. Because they suffered, there was going to be a portion of heaven awaiting them. because they suffered. God was going to be mindful of everything that s they suffered. He says, "Why would you put this in jeopardy? Why would you make all your suffering in vain by going right back to the thing you were called out of? Going right back to the mindset that was that you were liberated by by the baptism of the Holy Ghost." And so the vanity would be the loss of a reward. Have you suffered so many things in vain? So as brother Brandham corrects the age, you also see where Paul is correcting the Galatians. And and if I can say this about the ones brother Brandham is speaking to and even the ones that Paul's addressing, their character was not being found because their conduct, their behavior was not being found worthy of honor, worthy of praise. There was no con uh commenation like say, "Hey, Adam boy, good job. You're doing great." There was something that needed to be corrected. So the Lord was disciplining them. The Lord was correcting them and said, "Hey, look, there's there's this bewitching. There's this misunderstanding. There's these things you aren't doing right." And so you'll find a theme that when brother Brandham teaches on adoption, you'll find this theme I in the adoption context of rebuking uh cha chastising the believer, questioning what they're doing uh in making statements about the report of the tutor, what he might say. And as he's doing it, he's really he's uh reproving the believer for their disobedience. How can you claim to be a Christian and do this? And I'm just kind of paraphrasing. How could you have the Holy Ghost and do this? How could you do this? Be a Christian and do that. And there's a lot of challenging and correction that's coming to the church. The sermon hear ye him. He says, I've often wondered how the Holy Spirit must feel in the presence of God bringing the conduct of our modern day church with so much world in it. People so dilatory, those that he's been graceful to get to and given the new birth. Oh, it must be terrible. And to think that in these last days, how corrupt our church is getting to be. On Wednesday night, instead of going to the prayer meeting, they stay home to watch television. This is brother Bradam correcting bringing I'm just being being comedic. I guess it's just I find it interesting that these quotes fall on a Wednesday, right? But again, it's to encourage you. Wasn't talking about me. You say, "Not me. I was there. But were you looking at the slide? At least you weren't staying home. People are dilatory. Their conduct's being brought up. And he says, "These are people who are staying home on Wednesday night instead of going to prayer meeting." And he said, "And these are people that he's been graceful to and given the new birth." Again, just think very carefully about this. I know there's a way we want to think today, right now, you know, how would we address this? How we would say it? Um, I just don't think we ought to enter into that. We ought to derive from this the truth that brother Brandham said he's meant meaning to put before the people. Brother Brandham says in another sermon here you hear him hear me. He says now what if this child was disobedient. How that teacher must have blushed when he came in the presence of the father and would say to him sir your boy is your boy is very disobedient. Oh he won't learn. He won't listen. I just can't do nothing with him. These are the examples. This is brother Bam taking the template the in this case the process and the framework of the natural adoption of the tutor giving a report and the teachers and the governors giving a report back to the father and dramatizing right how the holy spirit could come before the father and say he's disobedient he won't listen he's dilatory this is his conduct um he doesn't obey they're not obeying and and they're doing this and bringing up your character and bringing up these different things and you'll find that in all these different sermons brother Brandham rebukes them for for holiness. He rebukes them for their worldliness. He rebukes them for denying divine healing. He rebukes them for not listening to the Holy Ghost. These are severe rebukes. Very, very strong statements. And such strong statements to where it's not unreasonable for someone just to say, "I don't even think these people had the Holy Ghost." Right? You say, "How could they deny divine healing? How could they be worldly and how could they dress in such a way to cause men to lust after them and say that that may be a logical argument, but that's not what brother Brandham's saying. But remember, brother Brandham's not trying to establish a doctrine or a truth that someone with the Holy Gh Holy Ghost can do those things. He using the example of adoption to correct the church. Amen. And to challenge the individual. Paul does a similar thing in Hebrews chapter 5 12 to 14. Just want to look at this pattern of disciplining, correcting, reproving. For when the time that you ought to be teachers, you have need that one teach you again, which be the first principles of the oracle God, oracles of God, and to become such as have need of milk and not of strong meat. What is he saying? You should be so much further down the road by now. You ought to be mature. You ought to be handling the deeper things. You ought to be the teachers. You ought to be the ones that are bringing up other people. But now, I've got to teach you again. And he's going to use the example of immaturity. For everyone that useth milk is unskillful in the word of righteousness, for he is a babe. But strong meat belongth to them that are of full age, even those who by reason of use has have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil. This is a consistent theme in brother Brandham's adoption teaching maturity. And here Paul is talking to the Hebrews and he says, "There's a lot more that we ought to say. There's a lot more that we ought to be teaching. But when the time that you were I would have expected you to have stewardship of teaching, you still need to be trained. You still need to be taught. And he says, I I I need to feed you milk because you're still immature. You're not skillful. You haven't grown. You haven't learned these things and become more adept in the word of God. And your understanding hasn't increased because these things that I'd like to give you belong to people who are of, he uses the phrase, a full age. Right? And it's not so much that you turn 21, but it's that same idea in the principle of adoption that we referred to on Sunday that those tutors and governors and the father, they wanted to give the inheritance to the son. So there was an age where legally it could be conveyed to them, but there was this discretion to say he's not ready yet. And they had these junctures where they could keep extending it and extending it as I found the latest I could find is even to the age of 35 where they were still going to give them a chance to say, you know what, you finally earned it, buddy. We're all in here. It's yours. And so that would even be applicable in this sense. You can't just say, well, I've been in the message for 21 years. I'm old enough to to create squirrels. No. Uh-uh. It would it's the idea of are you maturing? Are you growing? It's not just uh the pedigree of who your father is. And it's not just your the legacy of what church you go to. And it's not just how many years you've managed to hold on and not walk away. It's what does your life declare in terms of fidelity to the truth. What's your character express? And so the principle of maturity comes up quite a bit when brother speaks on this. And there's so many quotes that I could have used. I'll just refer very quickly to them. In part two of the adoption series, he says, "Now when the father in the Old Testament understood that his son was come of age, this time appointed the father, this particular season, he says, and has been seasoned out unto adoption, child trained, reared, taught, tried, proven, tested, right? They're born a child, but they're right, they're a son, right? Then, but then they'll never be no more than just a child, just an ordinary son until they mature and show what they are." Amen. So it's an idea of maturity. Brother A says another place a certain day when this child become matured. One place he's talking about the Holy Spirit coming back to the father and reporting and the father says you think he's well matured like has he grown yet? Is he a has he is he now of full age? Is he able to handle strong meat? Can I give him the next part? He says in another place the son become tutored up brought up getting more mature. The concept is maturity a growing up. That's a character development. As Paul says in 1 Corinthians chapter 13 11, when I was a child, I spake as a child. This is when we're we're looking at the idea of perfection and completeness. When I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child. I thought as a child, but when I became a man, I put away childish things. This is what manhood involves. Manhood doesn't mean I've turned to certain age, but manhood evolves. And manhood manifests itself as childish things are put away. his childish things lose their emphasis. His childish behaviors and judgments and discernments and and all those things. As I put it away, I become a man. As I put it away, I become a man. And that's the mark of a man that's maturing. It's a mark of a son and daughter that's maturing is you don't just one time all of a sudden go from child to man. It's the process scripture. the scriptural process from a new birth developing into this image of a of a full-grown son or daughter of God who's mature, who's thinking about the word of God maturely, who's handling circumstances maturely, who's loving God with the mature love. And as Paul was uh correcting the Hebrews, what's the very next thing he says in Hebrews 6? Let us go on into perfection. This is what we ought to be doing. We ought to be striving for this. Our ambition ought to be this. And when he's speaking about that which is perfect is to come, he's saying when I became a man, I put away childish things. I grew up. And as we had read on Sunday, brother Bram said that if the child has been tutored, has been obedient when it comes to a maturity, the age of maturity, he says if he has not been obedient when he comes to the age of maturity, then the child is always a son certainly, but it loses something. Remember that when he comes to this point where hey when you ought to have been this is the time this is the juncture where I could give it to you but he loses the opportunity and I would say not necessarily for good because brother Benam never condemned the church and said you blew it you lost it you had your chance he's correcting them telling them don't suffer in vain if it yet be in vain in other words there's still a chance still an opportunity still rewards to be gained so he comes back to the Galatians In Galatians chapter 4 19, my little children of whom I travail and birth again until Christ be formed in you. You are heirs of God. You are sons and daughters of God. The Holy Spirit has come into your heart and and transformed you into new creatures. Now you are sons and daughters of God. And as sons and daughters of God, you're heirs. So he's putting you under the leadership and the guide of the Holy Spirit to bring you to a place of adoption and rapture and grace. He's there to bring you to the image of the father. All the different terminologies maybe we could fit into that picture. And Paul is saying the same thing to these little children that he is travailing as if in birth himself. What an incredible image. Until Christ be formed in them just as a child would be born and they would grow to the image of the father. Paul is travailing as in giving birth that they too from their birth would come into the image of Christ. And brother Brandham says in the sermon, if God be with us, you can't expect a baby to be born born a man. It's got to grow to it. And if we grow and and we grow in Christ to the full statute, not somebody get converted tonight and tomorrow go preach the gospel because that would be stewardship. That'd be possession, use of gifts. These are things that would be related to a person's growth and maturity and development. He says we grow up into manhood into the stature of Christ. Amen. You're not born again, converted one night and then the next night full possession of gifts to use gifts and to walk in stewardship. He says, "No, you grow into manhood." This is what Paul is saying in Ephesians chapter 4. So, this is where we could just refer to this very quickly. I think we're doing pretty good on time. Then in Ephesians chapter 4, 11-6, Paul is looking at how that God has placed gifts in the church to edify the believer. That's verses 11 and 12. Uh for correction, for instruction, the speaking of the truth and love. These are the things that are being expressed um in this. He says in verse 13, to bring us to the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. This is why the the instruction is given. This is why the teaching is given. This is why ministries are existing and the message is made available. This is why we're feeding on the word of God. So that we can um be edified, come into the measure, the stature, the fullness of Christ. It says in verse 15 that we may grow up into him which is the head. This is the growing up. When I became a man, I put away childish things. It's the very image that we have to be that we have to be very connected to that when we're born again, we are sons and daughters of God. And now we've entered into a lifetime process, right? Of growing into his image and becoming what he wants us to be. Amen. It's a process of a lifetime. It's a process of this what this life is for. And that we want to recognize that that when we when we had children, yeah, maybe when your child is born, you're like, "Why won't they talk to me? Why aren't they helping with THE DISHES?" AND COME ON, do something. You just lay there and eat and sleep and cry. Hey, you you've got to be trained. Got to grow. Got to learn these things. It's the same thing as a Christian. It's the same thing as a believer. We can't try to use all those types because I don't want to talk about spiritual DIAPERS AND THINGS LIKE THAT. But there's definitely an image that we see in a process of how it works in our lives with children and how it's a lifetime of a relationship of a father to a son, a mother to her son, and parents to their sons and daughters. It's a lifetime of a relationship. I will not be absolved of my responsibility as a father at any point in my lifetime. Yeah. Amen. I will always HAVE TO BE A FATHER to my son, a father to my daughter. I will have to demonstrate to my sons and to my daughter. It's something that I feel the weight and responsibility for for my entire life. And so God did not just birth you say now you got my life. You figure it out and I'll see you in the rapture. No, now he takes that life and he matures it. He grows it. He cultivates it. In the same way that the law of adoption provides us a framework to understand how a natural man would give full possession to his natural son, God is doing the same things with us as spiritual sons and daughters. He wants to give it to you. He even wants to give you that gift of preaching for you to exercise it and use it. But he wants to watch your character first before you step into that. And brother Bram's using that example here. Verse 14 to me just sums it up so well. That we henceforth be no more children tossed to and fro and carried about with every wind of doctrine by the slight of men and cunning craftness whereby they lie and wait to deceive. This is this is what brother Brandham is drawing from in the law of adoption. This is what Paul is teaching to the church at Ephesus that we be no more children. That we take this ex experience that we have avail ourselves to the gifts that God placed in our midst and let the word of God that comes forth from those gifts and from the word of God that we read in our Bibles, the word of God that we feed on in the message of the hour, let it mature us and grow us. We're laying in the presence of the sun to get all the greenness baked out of us, right? I want to grow. And in the same way that we have grace on children that we don't allow him to do certain things until they turn a certain age, just legally recognize that God knows our process and our arc and our development and he's patient with us and he's working with us. And what we want to see is not be able to just figure it all out overnight and not just all of a sudden find that magic button that just changes everything, but realize I am a son and daughter of God with my soul that is eternally sealed and saved. And therefore, I am at liberty no longer under the law of sin and death. I'm at liberty to become all that he wants me to become. And I want to fight my way through every trial trial. I want to fight my way through every difficulty. I want to RAISE MYSELF UP AFTER EVERY MISTAKE. I want to look to the cross. I want to remind MYSELF I'M JUSTIFIED. I WANT TO HAVE THAT kind of grace for others. I WANT TO DO EVERYTHING I can to be the very heart of God in the time that I'm living in. And we DO IT WITH A POSITIVE ATTITUDE TOWARDS THE PROMISE. AMEN. YES, SIR. That we be no more children. Brother Ram says in the sermon, "You must be born again. Tonight you're a sinner. Tomorrow you're manifested sons of God." What was he calling out? The wrong kind of adoption teaching that persisted at the time about manifested sons. the manifested sons were the ones that were getting the Holy Ghost. The manifested sons, it was happening in kind of this religious gimmick. He says, "You can't." And he was correcting that doctrine that was going around. He says, "Tonight you're a sinner. Tomorrow you're manifested sons of God. You got Elijah's mantle. You got this. You're doing that." He says, "Nonsense. Where do you get that in the word? Babies are not born men. They're born babies and grow to men." Amen. It's a it's a challenge to even our own impatience, right? and our own misunderstanding of how that God works. So, he comes to this conclusion in a lot of these sermons. I think this one just kind of wraps it up really well because if I could kind of if I could recap it this way, uh Paul is correcting the Hebrew church, the Corinthian church, the Galatian church, then to the Ephesus church, which we know Ephesians parallels Joshua. He this is he's wanting to place them, right? Brother says predestinate unto adoption. says this is Paul now taking that church and placing them positionally. And so it it gives us that image and that mirror then of how God dealt with Israel, how the law of adoption worked in the Old Testament, how that it worked under Roman law. And in each one of these instances, there's this correction wherever something isn't right. And the idea is you claim you have the Holy Ghost, but you're doing this. God can't adopt you, right? You're you you claim to be sons and daughters of God, but you're doing all these things. God can't place you. your ins and outs, your ups and downs, your fussings, your fightings. God can't trust you with the kingdom. You got this, you're doing that, you're staying at home, you're doing this, you're doing that. God can't trust you with more. God can't trust you with more. And what he's trying to say is you you shouldn't be doing that because God has more he wants to give you. And until you get this straight, there's not going to be more. Remember the first series, first sermon in this, I know I mean you remember perfectly. You know the date, you know, whether it was a morning or an evening called the next step. And it was the idea that if we're doing the things that we ought to do, we know the will of God for us this year. there's six things that we can wake up every morning and know this is the will of God for me this year and do those things because if you're doing those things and you're doing those things things faithfully there's a next step there's greater stewardship there's more and there's rewards for doing that and there's and there's more that you can enter into that has its own reward and so brother Bham is correcting you're not doing things right and and there's a cost for this you you you'll always be a son you have the Holy Ghost that's fine you'll always be a daughter of God but you lose something you lose rewards you lose inheritance you don't never come to the place that you ought to be in Right? He's bringing all that out. So he says it and what he's saying is you need to be adopted, but your character and your conduct's keeping you out of it. So disobedient who manifested a lack of holiness, worldliness, divi, deny divine healing, not listening to the Holy Ghost. Uh he called them rousabouts and renegades and uh dilatory and their conduct and their character, all those things. And he's saying they they cannot be adopted, right? and and he's saying they need to be adopted. But let me just point this out. He's not saying the problem is because they weren't adopted. The problem was keeping them from it. So in the sermon here ye him, he says what we need is adoption. Without qualification, he says sons and daughters need adoption. So he doesn't say the disobedient or the obed. He's just saying that's what sons and daughters need. This is God's principle. This is God's program of growing, putting away childish things and growing. But how can the church, the Pentecostal church and the Methodist and Baptist churches be adopted until they come to discipline? We've got to be disciplined first. I think there's a lot there to um just how Catholicism bleeds over into our Christian experience where we feel that we've got to we've got to beat ourselves and harm ourselves and castigate ourselves and make us feel worthless or make us feel hurt and feel pain in order to experience forgiveness. Come on. It's there is a I I I see the image of how we we must be awakened to the horrors of our sins in order to experience forgiveness. But do I always have to become an ungenerate, reprobate heathen and not born again every time in my experience in order to feel the love of God and be accepted of him? Do I always have to be in the mind of the son who wasted his inheritance? When he comes back, just make me a servant. He's like, "Come on, you're my son. Get over here." Right? I don't want to fall into that mindset. So, he's saying they've got to come to discipline. We don't It's not discipline that gets us the Holy Ghost. Right? I I I never I wasn't disciplined to get the Holy Ghost. It was grace that brought me to the Holy Ghost. It was realizing, oh, I should have been done with to start and he's given me this opportunity and he woos me with his love. And so now, having received and been a beneficiary of his love, brother Bam's touched on correction and improvement and instruction and growing and maturing. Says we've got to come to discipline. You got to come to discipline first. God could NOT TRUST HIS THIS power with the church. It's hard to tell what you would do. How could a father trust his business with the boy that would might simply pollute his whole inheritance? So, it has to do with more. He's not weighing whether or not he wants to. It's not the adoption process and he's he's at the orphanage, right? He's kind of going, "Yeah, you look like a rough case. You know, I'm going to sit down. I'm going to interview everybody and I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to find out what they're like. I'm going to play uh doomlings with them and see whether or not they've got the character to handle it if somebody punishes them with the card or let's play the game of sorry and see whether or not you get mad and quit the game. And so you're just sitting there saying, "Nah, you know what? I've been coming all these Saturdays teaching you how to play this game. You still make the same mistakes. I'm looking for somebody else who knows how to play this game right to become my son." That's not the discipline. It's the son who stands to benefit to receive more. Right? And he says the god, he doesn't want to give it to you yet. He can't trust you with this kind of power. You might pollute his whole inter. He says he couldn't do it. The church has got to come to a place where it's discipline. God's on that work right now. Discipline. That means he's still engaged in the process. He's still committed to giving you all. It's his promise. I'm going to work with you. I I'll just testify. I don't like to bring myself into view with in these things, but I'll just testify. God has never quit on me. He's never quit on me. He He He has proven himself to me over and over and over again. No matter what mistake that I would make, and no matter how uh how how uh awful I may feel, no matter how obvious the right response is in the moment, and I don't get it, God has never said, "You blew it. That's it. You're not my son." He's still faithful, saying, "It's still not in vain, Aaron. Keep doing it right. Keep trying. Keep make it right. Apologize when you can. Just keep keep fighting for the right things. I'd love to bring in view to you just by way of picture and I maybe we could amplify it at some other time. You look at the difference between Saul and David. Who sinned the worst. Saul every time he sinned he was wanting to worship or to sacrifice. And you know he I thought I would save these things to sacrifice. A and then I we were waiting for you and you hadn't come yet. So we offered sacrifice. It's almost as if his transgressions were in more a more sincere area where well we wanted to worship before he went to war and you weren't here so we offered sacrifice because we knew we needed to do that. And then he goes to battle and he's supposed to kill everything and he retained some things and and Samuel's like what is it I hear? He says that the bleeding rams goes yeah we were going to SACRIFICE THIS TO GOD. WE'D BE SITTING OVER THERE going yeah you know this guy seems pretty spiritual if you ask me. Meanwhile David's over here what? fill in THE BLANK, RIGHT? DOING THIS and then doing that and we're like OFF WITH HIS HEAD. AND GOD SAYS THAT'S A MAN AFTER my own heart. David's a man after my heart. Why? Not because he had the the the propensity or the capacity to do those evil things, but he had the capacity to repent. He had a heart that God loved because it was a heart that could learn. In other words, David had the right kind of heart that could turn even those mistakes into the right kind of character. Whereas Paul had to receive another spirit to rule because his heart could never be turned into good character. Whereas David had a heart that could become character. And it's the process of discipline that God is using to bring us to that place. Amen. Of character. So let me bring in now what I would say is this kind of clarity that the subject of judgment and rewards gives to this because now we want to use judgment and rewards now as this view again or bring us back to that viewpoint again I'm just using judgment rewards as a framework to understand or using judgment rewards recognizing judgment rewards as a truth that stands on its own and then we see all these other places where it's applicable right and a lot of things of responsibility and day of reckoning all these other ways that we see that the scripture speaks to this and understanding that there's going to be a day where every son and daughter of God will stand before the judgment seat of Christ and and answer right this idea of adoption this youth of adoption helps us understand where does he lose his inheritance where does he lose his rewards it has applicability to that time as brother Brandham even refers to it and so this is where I'd like to bring this clarity in because brother Brandham is looking at the condition of the church he's looking at the Christian's behavior here and he doesn't have any good things to say about it. Uh at least when he's talking about the disobedient and how they need adoption and their dilatory and their conduct and and it's not good. And as I've referenced already, it would be very easy uh to question whether the disobedient had the Holy Ghost or even said how could they be Christians and dressed that way. He says they smoke, they don't go to church, they they they don't believe in divine healing. A lot of things that they have to say about it. And uh and I know that there's some that would even read that list of things and it's wouldn't be they wouldn't be crazy to assume there's no way they have the Holy Ghost and do all those things, right? They just say there's no way they could be smoking, drinking, defying themselves, committing fornication, running around, cause them into lust after. There's no way they could do all of that and have the Holy Ghost. But notably, Brother Brandham said they had the Holy Ghost. He said it. He's the one that's looking at the situation. I don't need to argue with that point. He said it. But what I know he did say is that they couldn't be placed. That these who were demonstrating this kind of behavior, he's saying that they couldn't be placed. These that were demonstrating that kind of behavior could not be adopted. And as I referenced before, it's a paradox. But remember, consider the mixed audience. Consider that he said it in such a way to to not take away from them their experience entirely or to not take away the experience of all of them entirely because no doubt he's preaching to people who never had the experience and others who did have the experience and were confused by the experience of other people. So he had to speak in a way that had the grace to not rob everyone of their experience to whatever degree it was. So he had just the right way to speak that I would say if they did not have the Holy Ghost and their conduct uh their conduct demonstrated it. They would know that there was still more in their experience, humble themselves, repent, seek the tutelage and the guidance of the of the of the teacher and take a step further and be closer to the seal if they didn't have it because he's the way he dealt with them would be a way of of grace. And so also remember the dispensational element as well that exists that brother Brandham has bring us to a time of adoption which is tied to the rapture. Rapturing grace and adoption is tied to that. But this the rewards this is the part that I want to uh use it in in closing uh it's a term of art closing and it's it's up to you to interpret it. Right? I'm the artist. You interpret the closing however you would like. [snorts] But in the concept of rewards, we read the statement at the very very beginning of this series, maybe part two or part three, where brother Brandham is writing in the church age book, the Ephesians church age. He says, "How beautifully the savior praises and commends his children. He takes full account of their fine spiritual attitudes and behaviors." And he says he knows that there's weakness, but he's not yet correcting them because of the weakness. He does not yet cry out against it. Isn't that just like the Lord? He says now remember when we get to Leodosa he doesn't even take time to compliment him because there is no compliment it's just rebuke. So brother Brandham does is in that very pattern of the leotiness. He's rebuking first rebuking first. Rebuking first and he says and then so the message is be zealous therefore and repent. So this is what I want you to recognize that God is doing. He knows how to encourage us in the right matters and discourage us in the wrong matters. And he says this is how that God deals with each one of us this way. He knows how to encourage us in the right matters, discourage us in the wrong matters. We need to learn a lesson how that God deals with each one of us. So he says, "Don't ever be discouraged, saying of God." And what does it refer to? For God is not ungracious to forget your labors of love. What is the very subject matter? Whatever we do, even giving a cup of cold water to someone has a reward and blessing from the Lord. So in the context of ultimately receiving a reward and blessing is the nature of God to discourage us in the wrong things and encourage us in the right things. And so in light of our inheritance and our reward, God wants to first discourage us in the wrong things. But he also wants to encourage us in the right things. Amen. And I believe when we understand this concept of God giving out rewards and crowns and a full inheritance, this whole picture of what brother Brandon was trying to present to us as believers becomes clear because I think we could all agree it's easy to see what the disobedient lacked. I mean, because he spells it out so plainly. They're doing this, they're doing that, they're doing this, they're doing that. And our our I our reaction might be just if we looked at that side alone and maybe you all could be honest with me if as I read those statements some of us might have been saying doesn't sound like a Christian to me doesn't sound like what a a church should look like people staying home watching television people dressing worldly I know that our our tendency is then to say those aren't Christians and then we what we decide is that what brother Brandham was doing is he was using the framework of adoption to bring those people to a birthight And if that's the only picture, the only part of the picture we looked at, it's c it's certainly logical and maybe you wouldn't be wrong to try to use that line to catch the attention of the sinner, to catch the attention of the disobedient a and to bring him to a place of a birth and a seal. But that's not the only part of the picture that brother Brandham paints. We could look at the disobedient sign and be like, "That guy's aroused about. He's a renegade. It's hard to imagine that he even has the Holy Ghost. I don't know why Brother Brandham said he had the Holy Ghost." But in order to see the picture more clearly, we recognize that he says that child needs adoption and will never get his reward and we'll never get his inheritance. What we need to do is change the picture. Turn the page or look at the son on the other hand. These are all terminologies that brother Brandham used because what about the other son that brother Brandham paints in the picture? There was a disobedient son and there was a unobedient son and he was one that also needed adoption. Abraham says in the sermon, "Hear ye him." These are all different here ye him too. I hear them, brother Aaron. I hear them. Says, "Oh, I wish I had the voice of God and could stand here and the time we could stay on that for hours of the disobedience of the church of God and the Holy Spirit is bringing that word back and forth. I could He's saying I could spend hours on how the church is disobedient and not where it ought to be." He says, "Now, but what if that child has done good?" Oh, how the sp Holy Spirit likes to bring their character. He's changing the picture. If all we focused on the disobedient, I think we'd have a we'd have a we'd have a an understanding. It's a little bit imbalanced and we would be okay. We'd be justified to say, "Well, I think they need the Holy Ghost, Brother Aaron. I think there's no way that that sister could be doing that brother could be doing that. You mean they're doing these things and how could they have the Holy Ghost?" And we've got the quotes to prove it, right? But again, brother's using a framework. He's using drama. He's addressing his audience. He's he's he's very consistent in how that he does this. So, we're not we don't want to just look at one side of it and build a doctrine out of that. We don't want to use the type and the type itself becomes the doctrine or the truth. We got to look at the whole picture because brother Brandham just didn't talk about the son on the one hand. He talked about the son on the other. He says, "I could spend all night for hours about the disobedient. But in order for the picture to be right, what about the other son who does good and how the Holy Spirit likes to report on his character? He says in adoption part two, that adoption series part two says, "But now let's change the picture." Now the father, his son is a good boy. So you have a bad boy who needs more correction. You have a bad boy that needs more attention. You have a bad boy that needs to be taught more. You have a bad boy that needs some discipline. But now you got a good boy. He says let's change the picture and here you him. He says now when the father finds a child that's obedient. How he likes to come and say sir your boy is a perfect child. How obedient your children are. How they love to worship you. This is different. This is a complete different image that he's wanting to break raise up before the people. He says in another sermon he'd hear ye him. He says but la now let's change the picture. This is the language that he used. On the other hand, let's turn the page. Let's change the picture. We've looked at this disobedient guy so much. We see their sins. We see their disobedient. We hear the rebuke. We hear the challenge. But in order to have a better understanding, let's change the picture. He says, "And perhaps, what if this child is an obedient child? Oh, they're just at the father's business." Does just the same thing the father does. Does the things that's pleasing as Jesus said he did. What? This is a this is a son that's coming into the image of the father. This is the son that the f the tutor's coming back saying, you know what, he's doing exactly what you do. He's learning. He's picking this up. I told him this is how you do it. That's how he does it. And and brother Bam does kind of leave out maybe the corrective measures that might have took place. He said he was kind of coming to a point. I asked him to do something. He disobeyed. He did this. I had to bring a little correction, but he got right back in line. He's doing these things. Brother Bram's kind of given this glowing report that the tutor must have. does things just as Jesus did. This is what Paul encouraged the Ephesian church to do now that they have these gifts operate in their midst. He says, "Be therefore followers of God as dear children. Walk in love as Christ also loved us, hath given himself for us as an offering and a sacrifice to God for a sweet smelling savor." And what does he say in verse 10? Proving what is acceptable. Proving what is acceptable unto the Lord. Proving our lives are going to prove what's pleasing. Prove what is acceptable. This is what we ought to be doing. being followers of God as dear children. We become imitators of God. The only way that we can imitate Christ is when we are like his son who is in the image of God. So we are we are followers of God as dear children. This is what brother B was talking about. Oh, he's just like you. He does the same things the father does. He's doing everything pleasing just as Jesus did. The sermon hear ye him. I never I didn't count all these but they just keep coming one after another. He says, "But what if he was a good boy?" And when THE FATHER SAID, "HOW IS MY SON PROGRESSING?" OH, the tutor says, "Father, you know what? Your boy is just exactly like you. He's about your business. He does it just the way you would do it. Why? The whole kingdom here can see your reflection right in that boy." Oh my. That's what we want. That's it. Reflections of Jesus Christ. He knows how to discourage us in the wrong matters. But now, what is he doing? encouraging us in the right ones. He's used adoption to say, "See all these things here? It's not fruitful. Get away from it. Shun it. Recognize the leaven of it. Teach your children not to do those things." But now he's putting before us the right image. And he's encouraging us in the right matters. He says that's what we want to be reflections of Jesus Christ. And you'll find that what he's referring to is when the life of the father is being manifested in the sun. It's being expressed. The life by the birth is being expressed. When we as sons and daughters of God are allowing the life which we receive by the new birth to be expressed to be manifested out. This is what he's referring to. And as I've said already to be careful a and to be very uh very sensitive to the subject matter and and try not to fall into any uh any fanaticism with it. We can't even as we look to both sides of this picture. We we don't want to get legalistic. We don't want to create a standard that dishonors the word. What God is doing is God is discouraging in the wrong matters, encouraging in the right matters. Why? Because there's a full inheritance to be gained. He's discouraging in the wrong matters. He's encouraging the right matters because he wants to give you the kingdom. So he's discouraging in the wrong matters so that you can your character can grow that you can be in the place to receive a, as John said, a full reward. Part two of the adoption series, Brother Brandham says, but now let's change the picture. Now the father, his son is a good boy. We referred to it just a moment ago. He says that he's a tutor. Here's a tutor. The Holy Spirit. He said, "I'm going to walk." The child said, "I'll walk right with you. I'll go I'll go right with you." So, following the leadership of the Holy Spirit, right? The tutor. This is this he's there in your life. They that are the sons of God are led by the spirit of God. So, this is a son with the Holy Ghost. And the Holy Spirit says, "I'm going to go on a walk." And the son says, "I'm going on a walk." All right? He grabs the leash, right? Let's do this. I'm at the door waiting. Let's go. I'm going on a walk. The child said, "I'll go right with you." Oh, the hill's awful high, son. I'll go with you. I got confidence in you. If I start to get tired, you'll raise my head up and hold me on. This is different. You know, we actually have the picture. The Holy Spirit tells us to go on a walk and says, "And it's a high heel and we're I don't think I can make it." He's like, "Are you even my son?" We got to completely Don't WE HAVE THE PICTURE COMPLETELY BACKWARDS? WE HAVE THE HOLY SPIRIT TELLING US TO HIKE A MOUNTAIN and he's DOWN THERE WITH THE STOPWATCH. COME ON, YOU You've been in the message this long. You can't even make it UP THIS LITTLE MOLEHILL. THAT'S WHAT WE GET IN our mind that we think that's exactly what the Holy Spirit's doing. As opposed to the Holy Spirit, let's climb this mountain. It's like let's I'm going to climb this mountain. Said I want to climb it with you. He's like, hey, it's a large mountain. He said, but you're aren't you leading? Right. I got confidence in you, Lord, that if it gets too hard, you'll bear me up. That if I need the right kind of uh technique, if I need the right kind of equipment in the right moment, you'll give me what I need to climb this mountain. You're there with me through this whole process. HE SAYS, YOU'LL RAISE MY HAND up and hold me on. But there's lions up on the hill there. Don't matter as long as you're around. Don't make a bit of difference. I'm walking right on in. Who's the confidence in anyhow? Not yourself. Not your OWN ABILITY. THERE'S TROUBLE UP THERE. It's slick rocks. I don't care. As long as you're holding my hand, I'LL WALK RIGHT WITH YOU. I'LL WALK RIGHT WITH YOU. This is what the father wants to see. This is what JESUS CHRIST DID. THIS IS PERFECTION. THIS IS WHAT HE'S WANTING TO GROW US to and GIVE US TO. I I I'VE SAID IT BEFORE. HE'S WANTING TO HE'S trying to teach you to trust him. God does not put you through the paces, PUT YOU THROUGH SUFFERING SO THAT YOU LACK confidence in your experience. HE'S DOING IT THAT YOU GAIN MORE CONFIDENCE IN HIM. Let's not let it work to the contrary WHERE I'M LESS SURE OF MYSELF AS A SON AS I'VE EVER BEEN BEFORE. NO, YOU OUGHT TO be certain that you're A SON AND MORE CONFIDENT THAT HE'S YOUR FATHER AND MORE CONFIDENT THAT HE'S GIVEN YOU WHAT IT TAKES. AND THIS is what he wants to use to get us to a place as a son that makes him proud. Amen. The the the perfection here that honors Christ is not the Holy Spirit says, "I want to climb that mountain." and you say, "You stay there, buddy. I can do this." It's dependency. He says, "If you're holding my hand, I'll walk right with you." Oh, you know what? Your dad used to do that. That's good. Yes, sir. Get on top of the hill there. He said, he's recognizing Christ. That's what Christ did. And so now he says, "You know what, Father?" Now he reports, "Your son is just like a chip off the old block. He is absolutely exactly like you. Every word that you say, he says amen to it. Now, how many here just by show of hands would say that you're you're somewhat familiar enough with the teaching on adoption and the subject of hearing him to know what brother Brandham said about the obedient son. He needed adoption, did he not? Right? Did not all this behavior, we'll read some of the statements here in a moment. Did not all this behavior put him in a place where now the father could trust him and give him the full inheritance? Brother Brandham never drew the conclusion, now that son is a son who's already adopted. That's not how brother Brandham taught it. He didn't teach it that that son's already adopted. He actually says he's a chip off the old block. How could he be a chip off the old block in the nature of the father if he didn't have the father's life? How could he be doing all these things and being led of the spirit if he was not a son learning to be a son? No, this is brother Brandham giving us the necessary balance to the picture of the of the child of ob disobedience and giving us the picture or the disobedient child. Not say the child of disobedience, but the disobedient child. He's given us this picture so that we can come out right. He says, "I'm not TRYING TO SCOLD YOU. I DON'T WANT THIS TO HURT. I WANT TO PUT SOMETHING BEFORE YOU." AND YOU can't walk out with the conclusion when he's done correcting the disobedient. You have to stay around because the disobedient through correction ARE GOING TO BECOME THE OBEDIENT. And so maybe it's not so much a change OF PICTURE WHERE YOU'RE looking at A DIFFERENT CHILD, BUT YOU'RE looking at a different year in the yearbook. You're looking at a different page IN HIS LIFE STORY. THIS IS WHAT HE WAS THEN, BUT this is what he is now. This is what he used to be, but this is WHAT HE IS NOW. WHY? BECAUSE HE IS STILL WORKING ON HIS SON. That's good. And he comes all the way to point. He's a chip off the old block. He's exactly like you. Every word that you say, he says amen to it. That is the evidence of what? The evidence of the Holy Ghost. Brother says in a number of different places, this is the true evidence of the Holy Ghost. So, he's affirming the experience. He's showing us that this is a son who has been born again by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, who is still in the process, but is achieving the results. This is a fruitful child of God. One walking in obedience, suffering according to the will of God. And brother Brandham uses I I want to read a from uh I'm going read from a new here ye him and then another one that I may have quoted from before. Two more quotes from here ye him just to bring this to this clincher. Brother Brand was using the subject of adoption to encourage us to press on for more. Amen. To encourage thou those who are struggling with disobedience to struggling with certain things. He's saying there's more. There's more here to provoke love, to provoke obedience, to to stir them up, to stir up their experience. And he's doing this to encourage those who are in the pattern of obedience to remind them that this is what God rewards, that it's not in vain. And so in the sermon, hear ye him in 62, he says, and he's done this just exactly the way you do. This is that report of the the tutor. No different, just exactly. It's just like you there. It's your life in them. Sure. And you look at all the things that Brother Brandham says this son does. He goes up to the prayer meeting. He lays hands on the sick and they recover. He believes in baptizing the name Lord Jesus Christ. He's overcoming sin. He goes to church. He's doing this. And he's naming all these things that he does. And he's saying that this is the son who's following the leadership of the Holy Spirit. And this is the son that has come to the place of adoption, a place of trust. And we don't want to make the mistake of ever suggesting that that son was doing it by his own discipline to earn the new birth or by his own discipline to earn the baptism of the Holy Ghost. We've changed the picture. We're using a different type. Amen. We've we've ch we changed it all together because now we use the same brother is saying let's look at something and we can only if we if we try to use it if we look at it that this is teaching to try to bring us to a seal of God then this is what's happening with the obedient son and he's earning the new birth and brother Bam never taught that right so this is to encourage us your life in him for sure you can sure tell he's a son of God because he was BORN AFTER YOU HE DOES THE SAME THING STAYS RIGHT WITH YOUR WORD NEVER MISSES A WORD STAYS RIGHT INTO IT PUNCHES IT RIGHT on through. Oh, the father must say, "That's wonderful." And there come a day then if this son continued on, there come a day to what they call the placing of a son. There came a time to reward the faithfulness. There came a time to give him a greater inheritance. There came a time to where now he had would come into possession and heir, falls, but says to all that the father had to come into legal possession of it. Again, remember it's a type to understand God's process. And I wouldn't even I would say that we should be very careful. Maybe I come across very forceful and very convincing. I think that we should be very careful to not try to put a period on it in the sense that say, "All right, well then this is how it works." That if we just are all good and we get there on the day of judgment, then God's going to give us legal possession of everything. It's a framework to understand the process that we're in and knowing that there's a promise of an inheritance down the road. We read this as the last statement. Musicians, you're welcome to come now. He says, we read this last Sunday at some point. The father took him out into a public place and set him up before the public place. Before the public, this is the obedient son. The son that looked just like the father. This is the son that was doing these things, right? He says his same son that had been born in his home years before all the time his son but his character and his conduct had brought him to another office. This is the image. This is what the image is of the of the adoption process. The obedient son to receive praise, a higher praise, a greater honor ultimately receives that full inheritance. It's that as we mentioned on Sunday, this is a new reward of praise. This is a new reward of honor that he could come into a new office. The the the nobleman went away to receive a new kingdom, Christ is going away to prepare a place. And that when the nobleman comes back to those who are faithful with the with the pound are given 10 cities and another faithful with the pound was given five cities. He says, "What is it?" It's the new office. It's the new opportunities. [music] It's the ruling and reigning with him in the millennium. It's that it's part of that image of the child training and the rearing that we're going through now as sons and daughters of God to bring us to that place where [music] he can trust us. And the point of teaching on adoption or what [music] what brother Bam is pointing out and how he's teaching on it to me drives home the point that God drives home the point that brother Bam drives [music] home is that God's not finished with you yet. Brother Bram didn't pronounce judgment on the disobedient. He just reminded them, you keep going like that, you're going [music] to lose something. But he changed the picture to give us a separate image and understanding that if there's a [music] if there's a faithfulness, then there's a reward for faithfulness. There's a there there's a challenge, I [music] believe, that's coming forth to say with everything that is in you, pursue perfection from a place of [music] promise. Makes no sense to be an orphan at the foot of a cross begging for him to make you a son. [music] Makes no sense for us to be the beggars at his door [music] begging for him to give us bread. At it it completely we what we've done is we've taken ourselves out of our position. [music] We've if anything whatever place that we did have by the new birth we've completely abandoned it and now we assume the the position of orphans and beggars [music] asking God to do something for us where he says no you come to where your place is [music] and as a son and daughter you can pursue perfection because it's a promise and I believe that we ought not to let the goal discourage us when Jesus says be therefore perfect as your heavenly father which is in heaven is perfect. We ought not to let it discourage us. In other words, we could look at that and say, "I'll never make it." But we ought to have the attitude of this son who says when he says, "Be ye therefore perfect even as your heavenly father is perfect." He says, "Well, then I'm going to be perfect." Well, it means it means a perfection that no human can attain to. [music] Well, I know I can't, but aren't you leading me? Aren't you going to guide me? You wouldn't ask me to do something if you wouldn't equip me to do it. There's this attitude of saying, "God, if you want me to do it, then you're both in me to will and to do of your good pleasure." And therefore, as believers, as sons and daughters of God, we ought to be ambitious. Yes, sir. We ought to be positive. We ought to be craving a positive gospel. We ought to be hearing the word of God in a positive way that we know is building me up as a son or daughter of God and reminding me that that uh eternity is in me. Oipence is in me. The power to go create a world and live on it is in me. THEREFORE, IF I'VE GOT POWER LIKE THAT, THEN OH GOD, TRAIN ME TO HAVE THE RIGHT KIND OF CHARACTER TO USE THAT [music] POWER. And recognize that the more that we surrender, the more that we can live like that. As Paul says, [music] being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day [music] of Jesus Christ. Now a lot of translations say he will [music] perfect it. He will complete it. And the word there is a perfection. It is completion. But Paul says it as a process. He will perform [music] it until the day of Christ. He will keep doing it until you [music] stand before the judgment seat. He's not finished with you yet. [music] He there's a song that I heard recently and I just like the chorus. It's uh it's it just taken a hymn and adds a little bit of a bridge to it. He's not [music] done with me yet. His presence goes before me. That there's a to know that I'm following him and he's not finished through my weaknesses, through my mistakes, through all my years as a husband, [music] through all my years as a father, through all my years as a minister. That he's not done with me yet in any one of those capacities. Amen. That this isn't the final outcome. Even [music] as Paul, if Paul could come to the place to where say, "I do not act as one who is apprehended. I'm still pressing for more rewards. I'm [music] still pressing for a greater prize." Then that ought to be our attitude in this I in with this understanding that he which has begun the work [music] will continue to perform it until completion. As the psalmist said, "The Lord will perfect that which concernth me." He will perfect that which concernth [music] you. I believe that that's a confidence that we can have as believers and I believe that we ought to live in that with everything [music] that is in us. Just wanted to sum up a little bit more on losing crowns. I think Lord willing maybe [music] this Sunday we'll finish this subject on judgment and rewards. Amen.
